user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198065264269,Not Recommended,302670,17575799,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Feddy,"This game has all the tools it needs to be great.  They started out with a template that was very successful and have been tweaking it into a new game that offers different tactical options for the players to consider.The good:1)  When I first played I enjoyed it so very much.  I could watch modern day soldiers fight and try to survive without me telling them to do simple things like ""duck behind cover when 50 dudes are shooting at you!""  The AI of each soldier knew to do that better than any previous incarnation of the MoW series.2)  All the old goodies from the MoW series were part of the game.  Cooking grenades, stances for soldiers to stand, crouch or lay prone.  Accuracy modifiers stances as well as using cover.  The damage models of soldiers seem to be carried over as well.  It's a good system and works great for this game.  Love it.3)  Very stable game with a few eceptions.  Many of the MoW games have been plagued with OOS and disconnection issues.  Players dropping out of the game mid battle isn't something you have to worry about with this game.The Bad:1)  Units are locked by level.  Nobody likes it.  The developer has stated that they give players the tools they need to win with basic squads and only elite squads are locked.  This is a half truth.  The elite squads do have better stats but there are a few that are totally unique, such as the grenadier squad that has rifle grenades that can shoot soldiers who are behind cover.  There is no basic unit that can do that.2)  Vehicles have wacked out damage models atm.  I'm sure they'll be fixed but it's game breaking to see a 6P50 technical snipe a humvee with twice the armor halfway across the map when the humvee needs to be at least half that distance to even damage the pickup truck that has no visible armor whatsoever.  When vehicles were introduced the game balance was thrown way off.3)  If you have no control points then your soldiers have no way to re-supply their ammo.  None.  To me this is giving the winning player even more advantage and seems a bit silly.  Also Anti-Tank infantry cannot resupply at all.  Once their rockets are used they are officially rifle soldiers and you have to BUY another Anti-Tank squad if  you need more tank busting done.The ugly:All the players who loved MoW loved the Direct Control feature.  It's what made the game unique and made the game amazing to play.  It's a feature that no other RTS game has matched thus far.  Unfortunately it's also a feature that's being chopped up and sold as a lame imitation of it's former self.  When players who have supported the game cried out that they wanted back the feature that makes the game fun for them they are told that they are abusing god mode mechanics that give an unfair advantage.  Nobody agrees with this.  It does however take time to learn the Direct Control system and that is something that casual players do not like to do, invest time.It would seem that the developer is catering to the casual crowd that loves facebook games and hello kitty.  They have told the old school hardcore player base who love the gritty gameplay that they're no longer  important in the CtA universe.  The playerbase that is important is the kind that blows huge chunks of cash on simplified games that have no depth whatsoever.  This guy bought (A)?  Ok buy (Anti-A).  He bought (B)?  Ok buy (Anti-B).  No more using skill to beat the odds, it's just a point and click adventure where you sit back and watch the show while giving vague orders to soldiers who can only perform one duty.In it's current state I cannot recommend this game.  It could be something amazing if the developer listened to the community about what they do and do not like.  However they simply add features in and refuse admit when those features are bad for the game.  This is a red flag for me.  It is a red flag for many others as well.  The player base went from 900+ online playing in multiplayer games to 180.  Whatever their vision for the game may be the fact remains that nobody wants to play a game that has dead multiplayer.  Nobody.Update:  First Person Direct Control lags and you get destroyed by perfect aim AI soldiers who never miss.  99% of my review still stands, the issues havn't been fixed or changed."
76561198135144548,Not Recommended,302670,30510295,Posted: 14 March,all,MolonLabe0928,"For those curious: This game released in 2015 for the price of 30 bucks. The developers made a lot of the content gated behind insanely dumb progression (meaning you couldn't use all of the units in the base game until you played online) and instead of fixing it for those that purchased it, they went F2P and are trying to bilk more players out of money for the season pass.I've already submitted a refund request because I refuse to support a developer that would do this.UPDATE 4/10/17The developer responded to me saying the game was not free, to which I respectfully disagreed. Let me break down why, free or not, you should avoid Call to Arms:1. The actual extended content offered isn't that great. Differing factions don't offer really any unique properties beyond skins.2. The content available after all unlocks are made is seriously not reflective of what the original videos, images, and descriptions show. It plays a lot like MoW, with little to no content that a typical RTS would have.3. Bad AI - even on highest difficulty, the typical AI tactic is to spam light infantry and hold easily defended positions, removing a layer of offline play and co-op play online because the AI is so bad.4. Developer involvement and response - most complaints are overlooked, and some are outright criticized.5. Poorly implemented progression - Unlock other RTS games that will allow you to use all units and forces in offline sandbox play, Call to Arms gates your unit access behind XP that can only be gained by playing online."
,Not Recommended,302670,28151247,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,乃ﾉGGﾉモ,"I was promised a full game, got the deluxe, now I have to buy a season pass.  Money hungry. :("
,Not Recommended,302670,28120211,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BondageGoatZombie,"I did like this game, i bought the deluxe edition and had some fun with it. Then things went to $|-|1T. Deluxe was promised as a full package with access to all future content. Lies. Apparently they decided to restrict things behind pay walls after all. The developers are complete scamming cowards. I have been permanently banned from all CTA discussions for 'offensive language'. I asked them a legitimate question regarding the season pass and they decided to delete my comment and not answer it, cos you know, they have my money, why would they care now? So I used 'offensive language' which was ONE cuss word. What a bunch of prissy little girls. The whole DLC policy is just ridiculous. As i said, i bought the deluxe edition, then there turned out to be an 'ultimate edition', then a 'season pass', the latter of which you need to buy DESPITE having paid for what they said, would include everything, to get future DLC. This is an early access game and they are already spewing out DLC's before the game is even finished. Even then, the game isn't that great, sure it's fun for a while but there's a distinct lack of content (which you need to pay further for), the community is toxic and combine this with a terrible cash grab policy and the most pathetic, cowardly developers going and it makes for a really bad game. They basically just P1$$3D on all the people that helped them with the kickstarter campagin and decided to milk it for all they possibly can. The thing that gets me though is the incredible ignorance of the developers. Ignoring questions, deleting comments, banning you because you said a naughty word. Man, what a bunch of scamming P(_)$$13S. Avoid this game unless you like paying for content you have essentially already paid for previously, terrible barebones single player and generic multiplayer matches that play out the same, countless bugs/issues and slow development where they basically just say words to make it look like something is happening.. Oh, yeah, i forgot to mention, they also introduced a new F2P policy, complete with glorious microtransactions! Un.Believable. Just pure wow. May as well be lighting your money on fire whilst they laugh at you with they're middle finger in the air. Scamming. Ignorant. Coward. P(_)$$13$. Worst developers on the planet. Horrible game that could have been great if it wasn't for straight up greed.Pro's - Perfect example of how to not market a game.Con's - The whole thing."
76561197960773688,Not Recommended,302670,18937600,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Arstotzka Hero,"This game has the potential to be really great; however, there is one major multiplayer flaw by design.  Units are unlocked by level. This means that players just starting out are at a disadvantage to more experienced player not only because of the lack of experience but also because they do not have the same selection of units available to them. This just makes the learning curve even steeper. I'm not quite sure what the developers were thinking. That would kind of be like playing chess with one side having all the pieces while the newcomer only gets pawns.To those that say the one can simply play against bots: It doesn't make sense that one should have to skirmish against bots for 20+ hours to gain ""experience"". Bots don't play like people do, and if one thinks it is going to make one better at the game, then one is quite foolish. As far as changing parameters? Why have parameter to restrict access to begin with? The community isn't that large to begin with so all this does is make it less likely newcomers will stay when they are fighting against veteran players. What does it add to the mulitplayer experience? Eugen had this for Wargame: European Escalation, but then figured out that it was moronic and dropped it in the later two games."
76561198071613358,Not Recommended,302670,17585442,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Rokko,"stay away.an AS2 reskin and you get lured with promises of ""your opinion shapens the game""  to buy your way into alpha and in fact...no one cares about your opinion.your feedback is welcomed as long as its a pat on the developers back,thats it.the first issue that did arise was about a feature that the vast majority..talks 90% +.. wants to keep and it was taken away.the thread in the forums about it at this point has almost 200 replies as im writing this, arguing mostly with the developer, namely Instinct, and he fails to come up with a valid why.""no compromise, no nothing..just no.because i say so"" -attitudesee herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/302670/discussions/0/537405286642785934/dont you dare say something he does not like, it will get you banned.as it did me and some others. for no reason and i can proof it. he just didnt like what i said.You have been banned from all Call to Arms discussions until 24 Aug @ 4:56pm.You were banned by a Call to Arms developer.Reason: ""You are trolling and twisting words of developers. You cannot partake in discussions if you cannot accept the opinion of others to be as legitimate as yours.""thats what i said :https://imgur.com/tfKk1A2note the 180 i pointed out bottom right? check above mentioned thread,you will see its gone.and this got me banned :https://imgur.com/oRIiWHIofc its gone tooi dont see where i am trolling or twisting,im simply 'quoting'..which btw is the complete opposite...and told them what i think about it..and thats what it got me.honestly,stay away. its just a cash grab and no one cares what you think about the game.i should have known after DMS released the same game twice and then reskinned it for a third time before fixing issues in the prior ones..,just this time in a modern setting.did i mention you really should stay away and that i think this is fraudulent?"
,Not Recommended,302670,25435059,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JMTAotP,"Cool game but poor business practices. I really regret supporting this game. Another good example of why to avoid early access. Reskin of MOWAS2 with significantly less content and factions which they make even worse by charging you separately for a campaign. Game will be made free to play as well so you can only image the paywalls they are going to add in the future which I bet will also effect people who already bought it. This really screws over people like myself who bought the game during early access and I have to apologize to anyone reading this as it is people like me, who buy early access, that make it even possible for developers to do stuff like this to their games. They have added vehicles, maps, game modes, and missions during early access. Maps are good, game modes are interesting, however the roster size is left to be desired. There are only two factions and there is a significant decrease in the amount of total missions we get with the base game. The UI at the begining of early access was also a complete copy and paste of MOWAS2 but they updated UI to give CtA it's own feel. Each ""sequel"" they release seems like it will get more and more stripped of content to charge you for it later. I wouldn't recommend supporting these developers while they make games in early access. If you really want the games they make then wait until they are finish products so you know what you are getting.Here is a simple comparison:MOWAS2 base game includes: 5 factions, a lot of units for each faction roster, a campaign for each faction with about 8 or 9 missions per without the DLC, good amount of maps, 5 game modes and co-op.CtA base game includes: 2 factions, a smaller unit roster, 1 campaign with around 10 missions, good amount of maps, 7 game modes and co-op. So they basically added 2 new game modes.What we should expect following this for CtA2 base game: 1 faction, an even smaller roster, half a campaign, good amount of maps, maybe more game modes if they can think of any but will probably start charging for them at this point.As the developers point out we shouldn't expect anything at all from them and therefore we would have no reason to be upset if they even gave us nothing. Because they didn't ""promise"" not to give us nothing so if they did give us nothing it wouldn't be a bad thing. At least that is what I take from our conversation in the comments. Like if GTA VI came with smaller map, less cars, less guns, less things to do but it is okay because we shouldn't expect the next game in a line to get bigger, better, and offer more - that is an unreasonable expectation apparently.If they want to make the game as content filled as MOWAS2 how do you think they are going to do it? They might add more factions but I bet charge you for each faction and then also charge you for each campaign for those factions.Easy enough to see the CtA base game is a complete waste of money opposed to MOWAS2 base game. This does not even take into account Red Rising mod. It is probably mods like Red Rising that make it so the developers think they can sell such a bare bones game. The modders will make the content for free and the devs will collect the fruit of that labor while also taking stuff that should be in the base game and selling it to you and jacking up the price in the meantime.Another good example of poor business practice is how they remastered the first men of war with money earned from this game instead of putting more work into this game. Even if it wasn't exactly like that, that is how it appears. It also appears they use early access funds to develop the GRM campaign which they plan to charge for. Otherwise how are they planning on developing it before they are actually making profit on a released game? That is time and money that should be going into their early access game, not DLC for it, in my opinion. Maybe they are not developing it right now but I highly doubt that.Update: Just realized this - Deluxe Edition comes with the first DLC free, which I assume is the campaign DLC, but they upped the price of the game by $5 without it leaving early access. Keep that in mind if you think buying the game is a good idea because they most likely just added in the ""free DLC"" price to it. I could understand upping the price after it leaves early access but it is still in early access and they up the price. Probably just because they decided to strip the campaign and sell it as DLC and to act like they are doing a favor for buyers ""by giving it free"" when they really are not. Like I said, poor business practices. Basically screwing over people who don't realize this price change.Update: They stated they are raising the price during early access to make people who bought it earlier than other early access buyers feel special for getting it at a cheaper price. I fail to see how this is good for any early access supporter regardless of when you bought it. Price shouldn't of changed during early access in the first place just because the devs feel you should of supported the game in X amount of time. The time you have to support the development of a game should be based on the early access duration as a whole, not incriments of it. But not only do they change the price but they try to pass it off as a favor. I will let you judge if you think that is a favor to you or not. I personally don't feel like it is. I feel like it is just screwing over any early supporter who just didn't supported it as early as me and is an excuse just to up the price during early access. I mean they are a business so by all means they should get money how they see fit. I just do not like the way they do business so I don't recommend dealing with them.Update: Game updates since writing this have just focused on 3rd person camera and controls. Another thing I don't understand. I thought I was buying a Top Down RTS. Now it is like a Top Down RTS/3rd person shooter hybrid. For a strategy player like myself this is just terrible. I wouldn't of paid for 3rd person even if they actually knew how to make 3rd person games.Update: If you have read this far then maybe you remember when I said they will collect the fruits of labor from their modding community? Well the F2P version is out and obviously you can't use the mods without paying for them first by buying the game. Great way to monitize mods. I suspect other game developers will take note and start doing the same thing. Someone has to pay for these FREE community mods. Why not you F2P users? The mods are the perfect bait to dangle infront of F2P users to get them to buy the game. I assume the DLC, reviews, and season pass are not strong enough selling points on their own to get you to buy the game.Oh, and there is a thread where Instinct literally disregarded all negative reviews as people who do not play the game.  Half the player base is reviewing his game in the same manner, complaining about the same thing, and he is just going to ignore all of them. Only positive reviews that are wrote for this game come from F2P users that didn't get screwed by these developers."
76561198001914096,Not Recommended,302670,19690353,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,viper_good,The decision to restrict units in by level is a game breaking disappointment.
,Not Recommended,302670,29865624,Posted: 11 February,all,Toby,Bait and switch. Should be reported to Steam and forced to refund all original purchasers.
76561197986866912,Not Recommended,302670,30247147,Posted: 28 February,all,WheelsDowner,An example of how not to early access.
,Not Recommended,302670,28278707,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Skjold,"Bought the game as a long standing fan of the Men of War series with many hundreds of hours of game time.+Modern Setting (i like it)-Ruined the direct control feature that was to me the best feature of the entire franchise.-Really bad single player campaign mission & map design.-Really bad multiplayer map design with no ability for vehicles to manouver properly due to arbitrary blockers.-Unit lock.-Removal of buildable sandbags.-Odd unit choices (Arabs with T-80? Random Arm Show BMP?)-Counterbalance a long range grenade launcher on the US faction that will instantly blow up a technical with a WW2 bolt action rifle squad on the arab side.-Putting effort into making 3d models for A-10, Su-25, Mi-8, UH-60 and AH-64 which could have been spent actually fleshing out the factions.And last but not least, they made the game free to play with NO compensation for the people that actually bought the game.Contender for worst managed game development of the century."
76561198005742575,Not Recommended,302670,27405448,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,asm987,"Still in BETA stage, but already selling items and season-pass. Bought deluxe edition and now game is going f2p and season pass not included in deluxe edition.Well... ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
,Not Recommended,302670,29545252,Posted: 28 January,all,meltdown,"Normally I would totally recommend this to everyone who likes strategy / RTS's. They really have made a good game so far but with the pulling of content for people who payed originally for the ""Full Game"" are now being forced to pay for a Season Pass or having to buy the Ultimate Edition to get the campaigns. I didn't buy this game to be conned into buying a Season Pass for content I thought I was already getting nearly 6 months after I bought the game. They justify this by saying they gave a 20% discount for 2 weeks to anyone who already bought the game... are you f*cking serious?"
,Recommended,302670,17326664,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,King Corbyn,"Multiplayer with AI.Not having to pay for those AI.Set in the modern era.Yes, yes and yes.--Serious--In its current state I would recommend this game. It has a well done AI for those who do not compete well in online matches like myself. The AI is actually a challenge on the higher levels and the game provide a small variety of maps. The small amount of time I have put into the game already feels well worth it.  Sadly there is only two faction as of now and it does seem the team is interested in making an addition to the faction but nothing was set in stone.The game has a test feature which I find is always over looked, It often causes crashes due to a overload of units but it is fun to experiment with all the units.Most of the voice overs are ripped straight from the previous games much like a couple sounds but so far the new sounds are fantastic and show great promise. I have only seen infantry combat and I believe that is all that is in the game as of now but this was enough to justify my purchase. This game shows great potential, this phrase can often ward of suspicious purchasers but this is a well done Early Access game. Little to no bugs and a very good showcase of what's to come.The graphics are very well done, some people are concerned this is a reskin but it looks like custom models and meshes have been done and that those comments are more anger than truth. The game modes are pretty familiar but the game does feel different.The third person mode works like a charm, like in men of war you are able to seamlessly transition and use the mechanic as much as you need.The guns and weapons feel a lot stronger, people die quicker and the game feels a lot less forgiving. In men of war charging right into a bunker and clearing it was a possibility, not in Call to Arms however. The enemy will kill your entire squad if you are not positioned right. Sometimes this gets annoying but it is realistic and great for strategy. Long range engagements can last for a long time and I feel this really sets the games mood and gives you or the enemy the ability to use it as a distraction.The inventory system is a basic rip from the men of war system but there is no blame. It is a good system that works flawlessly, along with the highlighting bodies and weapons hot keys/mechanic.I am unsure if the price is justified in its current state for people who are no hardcore fans but I believe in my own bias way that in its current state I made a wise purchase even if the game wasn't finished.The implementation of Workshop already is fantastic and people haven't waited to start adding new thing to the game.The tools to adapt the game are superb and if you owned any previous games by the devs you know what to expect, a quality and proffesional map editor.I have made several videos of the game which you can find here if you are still undecided:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzExFRZtGr851dUhdp6NbRirfhqIOczRm"
,Not Recommended,302670,28399601,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Königstiger,"Wow, this turd is STILL in early access AND they made it free to play so it's a giant middle finger for those of us who paid full price for it. Pitiful stuff."
,Not Recommended,302670,29863435,Posted: 11 February,all,[FFB] BlackRazor,Free to play???? I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,302670,30628769,Posted: 19 March,all,froh,Originally paid the full $30 for this game. It's now free to play and looks like it's going to die in early access. What a great developer.
,Not Recommended,302670,30090914,Posted: 21 February,all,g0dd,/Buys full game/Free to play♥♥♥♥ you too.To add insult to injury they want us to buy additional content now.
76561198033131709,Not Recommended,302670,26613923,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,MikeGreeneHimself,"I've never written a bad review on Steam before. Being a game developer myself, I really try to give dev's benefit of the doubt.. But this whole ""Developer Update"" news release every few months is total bs. The last ""real"" update, was I believe in August? (at least that's what the game files say.. Good luck trying to find the actual dates on their website..). And for a game that was supposed to be finished in ""October"", every new ""developer update"" they write (which all say the same exact things as the previous ones.. just replace a few words here and there to make it look new), is a joke. Definitely feel like we've been scammed.(and that's not even considering that most of us paid for this game in full.. A game that isn't finished, with a campaign that's never been released.. and now suddenly it's Free to Play?..)If it's free, check it out. But I wouldn't give them a dollar more."
76561198035687072,Recommended,302670,32116998,Posted: 1 June,all,Noobslayer,"If you've played the Men of War series, you will enjoy Call to Arms. Brining a new setting, revised mechanics and a renewed direction, Call to Arms brings Assault Squad to a new era. New tactics abound, with modern equipment brining new challenges and abilities. Thermal vision, automatic grenade launchers, armoured transports, anti-tank missiles... there are a plethora of new toys available to command. The two main factions (currently available) play very differently from each other due to cost differences, equipment quality, troop training, and neither is truly 'better' than the other, allowing for many different playstyles. Adopt an insurgent style with the GRM, or a much more surgical strike force as the USA, the choice is yours.All in all, I recommend this game to any who enjoyed the Men of War series."
76561198007704331,Not Recommended,302670,28403295,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,zeroa6m5,"MICROTRANSACTIONS!!! I played all the games of men of war in the past, this one was made to take your money selling small pieces of the game to add them later for a price. This is not a game I will play."
76561198043703667,Not Recommended,302670,28263280,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[3rdFG] Lime,Bought it for full price a while ago with the promise of it being genuinly good. Now it went free to play and dicked over everyone who bought it. My wallet is eagerly awaiting the refund.
,Not Recommended,302670,18550491,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Fortune,"First, let's address a central question that may or may not be in your mind as you're reading this review.CTA = MOWAS2 reskin?Effectively, yes.  The sounds of guns, tooltips of weapons, hints and tips in loading screens, UI, font choices for events (vehicle hull damaged/destroyed, penetrating hit, exp tickers when achieving kills etc), direct control of infantry and vehicles and the overall functionality of game mechanics are identical.So what gives?  To preface my actual review of the game and its content in terms of pros and cons (I mostly play RTS games and have racked up a few ten thousand hours across varying franchises), I'd like to open up a bit further about the whole Call to Arms / Men of War Assault Squad 2 mess.As you may or may not be aware, MOWAS2's development issues, while layered in part to incompetence from staff, can also be explained by the Ukraine Crisis, as a part of the development team were Ukrainians and, one of the main publishers of Men of War in the past has historically been a Russian company.  MOWAS2 is virtually unsupported today, and even during active development it was very apparent that the game did not build upon MOWAS1 in any way.  To me, a humble consumer, MOWAS2 seemed like a blatant cash-grab.  Mind you, I'm not a veteran of the MOWAS franchise, so I can largely forgive the nature of its development as I assumed the game would be developed past a certain point.  It was not.CTA blumbered out of no where and was in part funded by crowdsourcing.  The daily playercount as far as the consumer is concerned is from 40 to 50 people, with a spike of perhaps 15 people online at once (oh boy.)That was the preface, now on to the review of the product itself:Call to Arms is topical, it features a fictional arab fighting force (GRM) which you'd be forgiven for mistaking for ISIS, and a Gulf War era US military, though without Javelins.When considering multiplayer versus play (1v1, 2v2, 3v3, 4v4) the game's pacing takes place in 3 stages:Infantry,Mechanized,Heavy mechanized.Each of these stages lasts roughly 5-7 minutes, so your average game should not take past 20 minutes no matter the size, as the amount of resources given per player is a fixed amount (boring, in my opinion) and after incurring X losses you just stop getting income, period.There are no heavier tanks past the Bradley, BMP-3 and Stryker MGS, though the fact they want to implement the Abrams is almost painfully obvious.  AT Weapons are limited to the RPG-7, LAW and AT-4 rocket launchers.This is where any original ideas end.  The rest of the game and its mechanics are familiar to anyone who has played more than 5 hours of the MOWAS franchise, which is a let-down.  There are 2 arguments that are popular to excuse this fact, first:  ""It's only 20 dollars!"" and second ""It's in Alpha!""To the first point, 20 dollars is a nice price.  It's genuinely what this game is worth if you intend on purchasing it.  To say that it's ""only"" 20 dollars is like saying that a cheeseburger is ""only"" 1 dollar - is it a bargain?  Or is it just the maximum amount of money the producer can ask without being scoffed at, at this point?To the second, and this is funny, CTA is actually more stable and better streamlined than AS2, which is just bizarre to me.  This 20 dollar title is better polished during Alpha, than MOWAS2 ever was after years of development.  I'd love to give CTA the benefit of the doubt in terms of developmental stage but I highly doubt it will ever become more stable than it already is.Pros- It's a cheeseburger, good value- More stable than the platform used to develop it (Assault Squad 2)- Better balanced overall in terms of infantry small arms, penetration values of AT Weapons and vehiclesCons- Its a cheeseburger, not a filet mignon- Already has achieved its full potential minus 1 or 2 units prefaction, and it's in ""Alpha""- A few desynch-inducing bugs- Tiny community- No new creative thought, it's same old mechanics with a new narrative- Elite infantry are far too good, infantry AI is detrimentally badCTA relies on its multiplayer component for replay value, without a community this replay value does not exist.  While I would like to recommend the game based purely on the fact that it's stable, relatively balanced and rewards skill and tactics (but only to a certain point, sadly, especially the BTR-80 can wipe out infantry armies in seconds at long distances), I cannot recommend it based on the fact it does not have enough players to give you, the customer, any reasonable replay value.This game needs around 10,000 active, daily players to be able to deliver what it promises.  However, due to being a MOWAS game and therefore having a learning curve that requires patience, it does not seem to have a very good retention rate for players.  People tend to buy the game, try it for 10 hours, and then never looking at it again so sales figures are deceptive.Should you buy it?  If you're a MOWAS fan and want to support the developer, yes.If you're an RTS fan who's looking for a new game to dedicate to, create content (YouTube, Twitch) or be part of a community, this is not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,302670,31333434,Posted: 23 April,all,SpeedWolf,The game need a lot of work I'll say wait until is done before you buy because they may add more DLC on top of the season pass.Don't be a fool like me buying the Deluxe Edition to later be free to play an then a Ultimate Edition to purchase despite the game being a Early Access Game.Play it for free for now but I have a bad feeling about this game because of the in game market that can later end up as a pay to win but maybe in time I can be wrong.so if you buy the game now and later you're unhappy when the game it done.Don't say I didn't told you so.
76561198000234953,Recommended,302670,29380636,Posted: 20 January,all,Quetzalcoatl,"Since there are a lot of negative reviews for this game and a lot of them are very dishonest, from people who barely played, I will write my own detailed review to balance it out.As a disclaimer I am a long time Men of War player with over 400 hours in MoWAS2 and even more in MoWAS. I played the original MoW, MoW Red Tide and MoW Vietnam. I talk from the perspective of a Men of War fan.Also keep in mind that this is an early access review. I cannot assess the full content of the game at the moment but it will come out very soon and is almost fully complete.Gameplay :To newcomers :Call to Arms is a strategy game with no base building focused on unit micro and positioning. Weapons are deadly and vehicles and infantry die fast. It has a dynamic and complex fog of war system which pushes reconnaissance and stealth at the heart of gameplay. It's a difficult game with a steep learning curve but very satisfying.To people who know MoW :For one the map design is excellent and the best I have ever seen in a Men of War game. Goodbye garbage maps like Workshop, Kanawa Mines, Heights, Canyon, Bog, Westland and countless others.The new maps are balanced and mostly designed around infantry combat which forces players to actualy be smart about their vehicle usage. Cover is finaly spread in a smart and balanced way instead of seemingly haphazardly as was the case in MoWAS. Every cover has a path to flank it and there are only few of those terrible open fields like there were so many in MoWAS maps. The maps are very detailed, with a lot of objects, some of them even featuring a dense urban environment or impacful terrain (hills, slopes etc). The map design alone makes this game worth it to me. There are currently 16 maps andthey are all very good.To supplement this new emphasis on infantry in the map design, the infantry controls are now much smoother and much slicker. 3rd person controls replace the old direct control mod, which allows players to immerse themselves in the battlefield and gives them a new tool to deal with the now common urban warfare. Building are now more detailed with actual furniture to take cover inside. The mindless grenade spam has been toned down and positioning is now more important. While grenades can still be devastating they are rarer and it's important to use them properly. Elite marksmen were basicaly the only infantry worth calling in MoWAS2 but it's not the case anymore. The ability of basic infantry to provide good suppressing fire makes them useful again and calling elite is no longer a no brainer since they are not always worth the extra cost.The ability to heal wounded soldiers adds a layer of strategic decision to the all infantry combat as well which I greatly enjoy. Will you spend ressource on a unit with a medic and try to preserve your force or just call more canon fodder to replace the losses ? Both are viable and it's great. Shotgunners also went from a niche US unit in MoWAS2 to a usefull way to rat out dug in infantry.The new vehicle direct control and the removal of max weapon ranges makes combat vehicle a lot more skillfull and interesting. Vechicles have to be hidden and used carefully. This is impossible in most MoWAS2 maps because of their open nature and boring unimaginative terrain making armored warfare in MoWAS2 a simple race to the biggest tanks. While vehicles are more rare in CtA they are also more important and can turn into a double edged sword even faster than in MoWAS2.One of the downside is that there are only two factions in the game at the moment. However they feel and play very different. More factions will be added later, two variations of existing factions for free (if a paid user) and two more (Russia and Germany) in a purchasable DLC later on.Game modes :Assault Zone mode has been reworked to include more flags to capture, this makes the games more dynamic and tense and opens up tactical possibilities significantly. The possible strategies to control a majority of flags are now more numerous and unique.Combat mode was reworked. While you can still win by having more score than your opponent it is now also possible to win by capturing a well defended flag for each team. Ammo crates which add ressources drop over time around the map to force players to be active. Those improvements have made the mod much more interesting.In general there are more modes to the game but they are played less often, those include a 2 v 2 v 2 v 2 mode which results in crazy games !Icing on the cake, viscious bots can be added to play with in every game mod. They are very strong and very reactive and can be quite the headache to beat in the max difficulty. A great way to learn for new players or fill slots on bigger maps.I have not played the single player campaign, as usual it can be played in coop. From what I can see it actualy has constructed missions like in the first MoW instead of always generic assaults like in MoWAS2 but I cannot tell if they are good or not.Graphics & Sound:The graphics have been significantly improved. The game runs smoother, vehicles are as detailed as ever, and as I already mentioned there are way more objects on the map. The density and smart placement of said objects make the map feel like real places unlike a lot of MoWAS maps which feel alien and geometrical.Lighting, shadows, and textures in general have been improved. Explosions and shots raise dust that persists a moment like in a real battlefield. This dust actualy has a gameplay element as well by obscuring lines of sight, which is especialy crucial with the new 3rd person combat. Despite these improvements, performance have been increased all around compared to the previous games.Gun sounds are perfect, there isn't much more to say because it is really immersive and high quality. The voice acting has not changed from the past game and the arab faction is not voiced at the moment but devs said new voice acting would be added at release. Since they added everything they promised to add so far and even more I will trust them on that.The only area which is not up to par with the past game has been the music. The tracks are less enjoyable and feel more generic.Business model:A lot of negative reviews are complaining about the business model. I don't think those complains are justified. When it releases the game will be free to play. Free to play users will only have access to the two base factions, only in multiplayer, and will have to level up to unlock units. Paid edition players have access to the singleplayer, the two ""mini-factions"" and don't have to level to unlock units. New factions will be added later via DLCs, nothing wrong with that. There are also crates drops in the game. Those crates can be unlocked in singleplayer and multiplayer, they give access to cosmetic badges for your units and leveling boosts for Free to Play players. Nothing more.The devs themselves have answered those criticisms and I encourage everyone to read it :http://store.steampowered.com/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/127619582138185262Pros and ConsPros :- Amazing maps.- Great sound and graphics.- Modern setting.- Improved gameplay. (over MoWAS)Cons :- The music is forgettable- Fewer units.- Only two factions at the moment.- Some maps are less destructible than the old ones.Overall the graphics are upgraded, the controls smoother, and the gameplay much improved. Going back to MoWAS2 from time to time I find it bland, unresponsive and slow. It's very difficult for me to go back to it now that I have played Call to Arms. Both because it's duller and simpler and because it feels slugish and unoptimized."
,Not Recommended,302670,24651834,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,✅Sir Raging The Spicy,"Having bought this game in It's early stages, i've seen how it's changed. To be honest I'm not impressed.I Really can't recommend this game in it's current state, it's unstable, unbalanced and extremely clunky. I'm a casual fan of the MoW series and to see a modern version had me excited (and i imagine a lot of other people too). But to call this a MoW reskin would be complimenting it. The core mechanical issues with the MoW series haven't been adressed and some aspects have gotten worse.To list my gripes, I'll start with the proggression system. To use many of the better units such as the Abrams, you have to first pour numerous hours into unlocking it, leaving you sometimes outgunned in MP matches. Various infantry units AI is abyssmal and often won't return fire on enemies. The depth-of-field (or lack of) makes it impossible to judge terrain.To top it off the devs seem to be adamant that they know best even when people offer insight into balance issues.If i could get a refund I would."
,Recommended,302670,34115006,Posted: 8 August,all,ScummyDeals,"I've noticed that CTA has been attracting some negative nancy's. Let me clarify some of the confusion that has been tossed around with this game.1. If you love Men of War, you'll love this game.2. Keep in mind that there are only 2 factions for now (the game is still early access and needs some kinks worked out before they start tossing a bunch of factions in)3. They already have plans to add new factions4. The game functions exactly like Men of War games, why? Because the devs are using the same engine and all to create this game.5. The devs are constantly working to keep the game updated with fresh new ideas and content (i.e. helicopters, better first-person physics and graphics)6. The game looks gorgeous for the engine its running off of.*7.* It is *not* a copy and paste of Men of War, I can tell that the devs are working to keep the game from becoming a copy of men of war."
76561198054310759,Not Recommended,302670,34263423,Posted: 15 August,all,GhostTechNL,I bought this game in the far early acces and now I have to pay again for the full acces of the campaign. the game is great but this is bullsh|t. I hope that they change this a give all player who bought this game full acces of campaign and other things.
,Not Recommended,302670,30059499,Posted: 20 February,all,Spuder,"Bought for full price , now its f2p and i dont even get anything extra.This game is just a ♥♥♥♥ing scam , better play MOWAS2 with mods."
76561198068937194,Not Recommended,302670,30528728,Posted: 15 March,all,KrazyKazzyGuy,"Came back to place a negative review as I paid full price for this before it became free.♥♥♥♥ this game, it's beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197972395761,Not Recommended,302670,26754588,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tactical Commrune,"I bought the game to support the devs long ago because MoW: AS was great. Call to Arms is still in Early Access, going free-to-play with microtransactions.This might've been acceptable if the devs were up front with the community beforehand.  However, they only posted a (very condescending) ""fact check"" as a reaction to negative reviews, which makes them look even more like jerks.  Greedy and dishonest jerks actually.  I can no longer recommend that anyone buy-in to support this developer."
,Recommended,302670,24785342,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,FatzMcGeezack,"!!!THEY REMOVED THE LEVEL CAP FOR UNITS - YOU NO LONGER HAVE TO RAGE ABOUT THIS!!!ALSO - Buy the 'Deluxe' edition for a few $$$'s more. This gives you an XP boost and free DLC when its released (2 new nations, probably missions and units as well).I've been playing the MoW series since 'Faces of War' - This game is just as good as any other in the series (ok, not quite MoWAS status yet; but I fully expect it to be there for full release!). AS2 was more of the same-ol-same-ol, whereas this is giving us a nice change in scenery and with enough support should end up awesome. In short, if you like MoW, or wargames in general, you will get your moneys worth. As a side note, I got this for friggin 80% OFF so for $5 I found an amazing deal...THE GOOD:- Same features as MoWAS+. ie, soldier inventory, direct control, AI opponents, etc - what make this series special!- Great setting (perhaps a little overused these days but its refreshing to see it put together so well in an RTS format)- Large variety of units - Each faction seems unique in both how they look and play- Decent GFX for a MoW game- AI is HARD, HARD, HARD. Even with ""Normal"" AI you will have an uphill battle- Super easy to setup a skirmish or small game- Fun MP- EDIT: I forgot to mention, I thoroughly enjoy the factions that are currently present. They're unique in both look & feel... US is more about specialized, experienced and expensive units wherease Opfor is all about quantity (and badass outfits)THE BAD:- Singleplayer is currently lacking; there are some campaign missions and skirmish but they still need a bit of polish before release. Early Access so no biggie.- Seems like they're already gearing up for paid DLC. I have a feeling in my stomach there may be some form of micro-transactions at some point as well (there is an unused Store button on their Main Menu. I could be completely wrong however, AND there are currently NO microtransactions yet)- A lot of stuff is reused from previous games in the series. Hell, the tips are still written from a WW2 perspecitve... Giving me tips about bazookas and panzershreks... but.. I'm in the Middle East... Animations are reused, probably sounds as well- Currently, as of Early Access, it's a slight pain to get a MP match going. This should change as more people join though- Seems like their main focus has been gameplay and whatnot so far; The menus, campaign, matchmaking, etc could all use a bit of polish. Again I expect a lot of this to be resolved once we get closer to release.(Early Access) FINAL VERDICT:7.4/10 - IF THE GAME ENDS UP AS I EXPECT IT TO AT RELEASE, and as an avid RTS fan, this will probably move up to an 8.5+I'd fully recommend this for anyone who's enjoyed Men of War in the past. General RTS players will fully enjoy this as well."
76561198006568786,Not Recommended,302670,29915765,Posted: 13 February,all,behemoth227,"This is a review of ONLY the single player aspect of the game.  I don't play RTS' on line, so if that feature is what you're looking for a review of, you'll have to look elsewhere.I'll make this short and sweet.  It simply isn't worth the price.  There isn't enough content in the single player game to justify anything beyond about $5.  At 9.5 hours played, I have cleared every single player mission on max difficulty.  A pathetic total of 10 missions in a single campaign, (three if you don't buy into their absurd collectors edition or whatever they're calling it), of such low quality that even the loading screen tips are torn straight out of MOW:AS, referencing panzerschreks and fausts, Sherman's and T-34's.  There are free mods for MOW:AS2 that offer better quality content without a pricetag.I won't touch on the micro transaction absurdity in any length, or the choice to make a chunk of content free AFTER many people have paid for it, as those topics has been covered in detail by several dozen other reviews and comments, I'll just say that such things are NEVER a good idea, especially when a title is still in early access.All in all, based, again, on JUST the single player content, there are better options than this for your RTS fix."
,Not Recommended,302670,34753688,Posted: 5 September,all,MarcusAga,"The game is good, but DO NOT give your money for any paid stuff and do not support the developers until they realize that they treat their fans as shieeeet. Many of us have bought this game for £14.99/$19.99/19,99€/419₽ long before it became free, and then the devs stated in one of their dev diaries that the game comes F2P, but people who've bought the game will get some stuff as a contribution (like SP campaign which is a paid feature), now we are not going to get any of this ""premium"" stuff."
,Not Recommended,302670,26165447,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nope,"-Horrible AI Pathfinding, AI couldnt know which new object is breakable and they end up stuck in a lot of place-Re-used assest and animation (from original MoW to now, i gave prop to Bestway for their upcoming Soldier: Arena with new animation)-Only 2 nations atm-Slow-Progression-Messed up UI, especially in 1366x768-D - L - C - Chaa Chin, for an early access title=> Dont buy it nowEdit#1: So apparently they want to be come ""FPS-Game-Wanna-Be"", if you expect it to be MoWAS2 with modern setting, no stay away from this. Clunky animation, bad control, non-existent gunplay. They are wasting times and resources to become the thing they are not supposed to. If you asking me why i had over 80h in this game ? Nah, just mods only, modders know what this game is good at so they remove that fps mode. => Just stay F2P"
,Not Recommended,302670,28396051,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TheWolfRepublic,I saved up MY MONEY and NOW A ULTIMATE EDITION!??!?!? You have not got my word for this game.....
76561198012413326,Not Recommended,302670,19297122,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,VodkaDispenser,"""Early Access is a fantastic opportunity for us as an indie developer."" - First lie of this game.Same as always, even more casual than ever.Men of War used to be such a sweet game, but got ruined over and over AND OVER with any expansions pack or whatever.This one is no different, Same bugs as MoW (THE ORIGINAL!!), some  new bug added. New Content is a mod at best, probably better modern mods for MoW:AS2 are available.Combat is stupid, ammo and inventory handling is more casual than ever. Building pathfinding and infantry use of it is worse than MoW (Which is really extrodinary that they managed to top that level of shitiness).Factions are unbalanced, ranges of vehicles is absurdly larger than infantry.Level unlocked vehicles (WAT WAT WAT).A.I.pathfinding  and broken physics result many times in your vehicles flying off, exploding or just stuck inside a tree.Sound is bad.Game modes are uninspiring or becoming a ♥♥♥♥♥torm really quickly.I can go like this for hours.If you want a good RTS, go back to Men of War.If you want a good modern-time RTS, just go back to World in Conflict.If you have 10$ and want to make a game developer happy with himself, buy this game and point out all the bugs and flaws. Maybe that will help."
76561198034359392,Not Recommended,302670,28207091,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,"Bought the game when it was released - got screwed because now its P2W and im forced to pay more $$$ to the greedy pigs that are behind the devlopment. This game deserves to die in a slow painful way! Never again will i buy anything from those devs! f#$@k you and go to hell!P.SAVOID AT ALL COST, the game is in ALPHA state (which is not even beta) with bugs, low quality AI, lack of units, lack of maps, lack of graphical effects, its shallow and dull.1\10 - devs deserve to be backrupt"
,Not Recommended,302670,30079278,Posted: 21 February,all,GoDlike,I paid full price and now it's free to play with some season pass♥♥♥♥♥♥that I need to pay again? This is a nonsense. Don't buy it.
,Recommended,302670,19302422,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BOT Vlfire,"old reviewThe game uses pretty much the same engine as Men Of War: Assault Squad 2 (even the squad icons still uses the STG44 and WW2 icons), If you liked the game, you will like this one.I realy enjoy the game, but I think its too soon to be worth the price it is sold at... Not enough content yet, but this is going to be realy good,----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------new reviewGame is very good, more and more assets are created for the game, the game doesnt feature any WW2 stuff or nearly none, The game still feels like a reskin though.... a very good reskin none the less. You also get to drive armor in 3rd person for free (you need to buy the DLC to do so in Assault 2) workshop mod allows you to play in 3rd person with infantry... (still realy weird)"
,Recommended,302670,32751173,Posted: 24 June,all,Ragga,"Great game... small community.Although I still enjoy Assult Squad 2 as their best production... Call to Arms is a strong second.  MP is fun, but may be difficult to get a game in now.  The addition to an FP option is very cool, but if you are an RTS junkie like me... you rarely use it.  In SP you will probably use it more (in fact several missions require it).On sale... and if you are a fan of AS2 and are looking for a modern RTS, get it.  If it is between this and AS2, I would get AS2 because of the community and MP."
76561197997456446,Not Recommended,302670,19868652,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,joethepro36,"I bought this game in August 2015. Its now late December 2015. In the past few months all that has been added is a few token units and a zoom in feature on direct control that only works for vehicles. One of my most played games is MOW:AS2 with hundreds of hours on there. Thats a game I've enjoyed greatly, I'll demonstrate how the current version stacks up:The Good:The graphics are better.Combat is more interesting with more bullets fired, its done fairly well gun wise.The Bad:Grenades are clumsy and worse.Reloading at points is awful and casual.AT cannot reload ever. In fact the entire ammo system being dumbed down is a huge mistake.AT is also limited in scope and feels clumsy to use.Infantry are very expensive and few in number, a casualisation.You can only call in limited numbers of squad types with very few people per squad.The direct control mode is just a pain with only a few situational uses.The Ugly:NO TANKS YET WHATSOEVEROnly mods give you a half decent gameplay experience and I say half decent with a pinch of salt.The playerbase is about 5-10 people at most, good luck getting a game going ever.Its more a COIN simulator than an actual wargame. Do not expect MOW gameplay.Development has been extremely slow over the past half a year or so, the initial release was good with very, very little development since.If the issues are not fixed or development continues as this♥♥♥♥♥♥poor rate by March, I will be asking for a refund and will actively encourage others to as well."
,Recommended,302670,21244683,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Monarchco,"It is a good game as it stands, with a fun campaign already.As just having entered BETA, they still have a lot more stuff that's coming, but it's already a really fun game!"
76561198002608069,Recommended,302670,23343778,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal","Nothing wrong with the game, but if you live in Australia/New Zealand good luck getting into a lobby with less than 400-500 ping.If you want it for the singleplayer/AI Skirmish/don't care about ping, go for it."
,Not Recommended,302670,34694312,Posted: 2 September,all,[FR]Tohkai,"As usual they want to ruin their games with money grabbing techniques. Just like they did for MoWas2, and other things.I bought it when it wasn't free to play. Now it is. And I don't get a lot of the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm now expected to pay more for some deluxe crap or whatever. Maybe one day they'll realize that they will make bigger numbers when they don't try to ♥♥♥♥ people over and they don't have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews everywhere.It's particularly annoying because they make good games... and then want to♥♥♥♥♥♥them along with your wallet. Just get it F2P if you enjoy it."
,Recommended,302670,30741693,Posted: 25 March,all,Gh05t_Shi3ld,"Not sure what the fuss is about, lots of games in steam are from kickstarter and some crowd sourcing. Financial constraint is the main reasons that development is slow and unless those ppls who are complaining is paying over $100 to support the development i think it is fair that the developer is doing f2p a.k.a demo to maintain multiplayer functions. Right now its on sale to encourage ppls to adpot the game and increase the player base.I would rather buy call to arms which is slow but constantly pushing out updates(4 years) than, pay $15 for a dead game (1-2years) that the developer stop updating or just money grabbing. And moreover this is early access, many player who are not in game development industry does not know how time consuming it is to develop a games and I feel DMS is unlike EA which charged premium for their DLC.I don't think there is another game like this on steam, the closest is Arma3 and it's great game and call to arms is great as well its like a mini arma3.Sugesstions:- Right now artillery is absent in the game hopefully the developer can implement a call for artillery feature.- Need mobile AA such as pantir, m113 vulcan, avenger and manpad for anti-air battle- Flare for helicopter and aircraft- Attact UAV- UGV- Grenade lobbing from cover instead of running into near range- More vehicles e.g combat engineer recovery vehicle- Ammo cache drop- Supply drop- Base building would be very cool!"
76561198115800474,Not Recommended,302670,17578397,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Gabby,"Like a lot of people here who wrote a review, I am also a fan since the beginning of MoW. CtA is like many early access games out there that hasn't been fully finished yet where there's bound to be plenty of bugs & crashes here and there from time to time which is expected. But from what I can see so far from the several updates and patches to fix bugs, it seems like it's fully focusing on multiplayer so far and at the same time it's degrading every aspect of the general environment of the game itself. Game functions have been altered/changed without improving anything, they've been updating and adding/fixing issues but at the same time creating more problems and errors/crashes for the game, it's like when someone has a problem with their hand, they'll just cut it all off & add a prosthetic one on without finding a cure and it seems what they're kind of doing in a way.Again, it is an early access game and many problems still needs to be solved by the help of gamers and such, but at the same time currently its not worth your 20 bucks on it unless you wanna pay to do the work for them in a sense. There's just not enough content currently in this game to be worth anyone to pay for it's price at all in my opinion,  even though I did right off the bat went for the Deluxe Edition for the SP experience, then again I only end up finding out you only get 2 Single Player missions and later only after patches and updates those missions become semi broken.So conclusion is, if you got the extra bucks and wanna do the ""pay to work"" scheme then go ahead and get this game and help the creators find a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs and then report to them with minimal content to play with. But if you're not up to it, then what's left is to wait for the official release (Full Version) to come out and hopefully it'll be a lot better."
,Not Recommended,302670,26751896,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[LB] Gryff,"I bought the deluxe edition of this game (when there was no ultimate edition) a little while ago. I liked Men at War, so I decided, hey why not. Now, they're making it Free To Play and adding a real money marketplace.♥♥♥♥ you guys. ♥♥♥♥ you and your scummy business practices."
,Not Recommended,302670,26636483,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Trust37 ⎝👽⎠,FREE2PLAY (COMING SOON)!? I've wasted my money on this game.Also an item store like CSGO. Seems like this game is going to be a money making machine. Don't buy it until it's free2play.
76561198142414504,Not Recommended,302670,26740297,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hello Old Sport,"What the hell, we pay $20 dollars for the devs to make this a free-to-play turned pay-to-win game.  Free to play is how you wind up with♥♥♥♥♥♥game like H&G with equally♥♥♥♥♥♥greedy devs.  And nothing at all for us folks who paid?  Come on, you can do better than that."
76561198085082569,Not Recommended,302670,28487903,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,slayerjimmy,"im not saying i hate these devs for making the game ftp when i paid full price, but i would disconnect their life support to charge my phone....."
,Recommended,302670,30142730,Posted: 24 February,all,FoxFort,"Final thoughts of my first review back from, 6th of June 2016:In this state, Call to Arms is worth max 5€. Do not buy it for a full price, it would be a waste of your money. Game looks promising, but currently very average game and if you don't buy it now, you are not missing on anything. My Recommendation, buy it in 1 year from now.Now After several updates it is time for a new one:Half a year ago I was not happy at all how game looked and played. It was buggy and overpriced for what it was offering. But now the game actually is worth of it's full price, and future is bright for it.With implementation of 1st view control, the game value as a video game has jumped sky high. You can play this game as a normal/common strategy game, but at any time you can take a direct control of unit in 1st or 3rd person view mode. Unlike in MoW series were you only have control from ""bird-eye"" perspective. This new 1st/3rd perspective camera control work best with vehicles, while infantry control is still on very basics, it's not too bad,  it just needs some work on it in order to make it more ""smooth"", now point is not to make controls like in CoD or BF.I now love to play skirmish tank battle games, where mass of vehicles clash and you take control and you start destroying bunch of Abrams/T-80s. Good stuff.Now I recommed this game. It is starting to stand out from other games. Buy it and support the developers."
,Not Recommended,302670,23391249,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dr. Dingo,"It's an okay-ish game. Worth a good $10? Yes. Worth $25? Hell no.Basically a modernized version of Men of War; which I assume is a good thing since I've heard great things about MoW but haven't played any of the games. It feels a lot like basic Alpha rather than Early Access, but I'll detail that in a bit.Positives++ Sound. The audio in this game is great; the guns sound heavy and very realistic.+ Graphics. Game looks great if you can survive the horrid framerates.+ Units. The units are somewhat varied and their skill levels are easy to distinguish.= Vehicles. Vehicles are very detailed and have their own damage areas that have different effects on the vehicle when hit. Can't confirm that this is so much a plus for this game or just for MoW.Negatives-- Performance. Horrible framerate and response speeds. Running the game on minimum will get you around 40-55 FPS, but if you try to traverse the map too fast the game will stall and sometimes freeze.-- Text and UI. I hope you know exactly what each unit is, otherwise you're pretty much screwed. The descriptions of units and weapons are just the filename of what I assume will be the description's text document. Lets not forget that the game also recycles loading text from the MoW games in the loading screens.-- Rendering. Units will not render (become visible) unless they are pretty much in the center of your screen. You'll often see your units shooting at nothing, with only the blood textures on the ground to give any indication of what they're shooting at.-- Map. This is the real kicker; the zoom on this game isatrocious. You can zoom up very close to your units, or zoom out just enough to see 3/4 of a football field. Because of this horrible zoom matched with the horrible rendering, you'll be unaware of a lot of targets. The tanks and missile units will be capable of amazing range, so much so that they can shoot up tofive times the range that you can zoom to. This needs to be fixed very quickly to ensure the player has more control over their armored units.NOTE: I can't confirm if this is an issue with this game or MoW.It's also worth noting that the game is also sold in a $35 pack that increases the rate in which you unlock units. Oh yeah, did I mention you have tounlockunits?Only recommended to purchase at around $10."
76561198007509704,Not Recommended,302670,17578752,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,jcbulldog08,"After seeing the video and watching some videos on youtube, I was excited about this game. I decided why not get it cause it looked great for a EA game. Turns out I was wrong...No single player, the quality of everything is poor compared to the videos I've seen (it's lagging even when I play a set up bot game), lag is everywhere from graphics to characters, the sound quality is worse then I saw in video, and although it claims 70 something people were in game, there was less then 12 people on the 'internet' with one game that I couldn't play in cause no one joins. Essentially what you see in the video here is what you get, but in a much much poorer quality. If I wanted to play something like this I'd just go play Company oh Heroes, the first game - it at least doesn't lag all the time and the quality is still much better.I don't like giving bad reviews, I believe I avoided ever doing so. But I can't help it as I feel I wasted money on this game. I was so disapointed between the videos I've seen and the few games I could actually play that I felt I had to make a review warning that quality of gameplay is nothing like in video; what you should expect is is older graphics, bad voice acting, and a super laggy everything. I honestly don't know what I wasted more of, my time or cash - guess time since I will be seeking a refund if possible (I've never tried before so im not sure if I can even get one for EA games, guess we'll see).Additionally. I forgot to mention that the last game I tried to enjoy lagged at one pan (I just tried to move over to another zone under attack) and the game frooze causing a massive crash of the game giving me a radical error message. I honestly don't know how these cool looking videos get made, but my experience with this game was the exact opposite of what I got."
76561197985054185,Not Recommended,302670,30914708,Posted: 2 April,all,DarkRaider,"Pretty dissapointed, When I first bought this, I was under the impression that the deluxe edition would come with all faction single player missions.  then they changed the wording and released a new version with russian and german and force one to pay $60 to get what was offered for $30 orignially.  and theres no price reduction for already having the add ons, its a solid $60 no matter what"
,Not Recommended,302670,28759909,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mheetu,So I paid for a game that is now free to play in multiplayer and the minor benefit that ppl got for buying the game is a trash singleplayer campaing.Well done developers. You actually managed to make me spend money on a F2P game for the first and hopefully the last time in my life. Hopefully you will use my money to never develop a trashy p2w game like this again.Thank you.
,Recommended,302670,18247612,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,It's ANGRY MUFFIN time!!!,"Great game, good graphics, you can control the units, and it is very fun.note: buy the deluxe for singleplayer, if you buy the game itself you only get multiplayer at this time, they will release singleplayer when they release the game"
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,302670,28251725,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SKINZ,A rushed money grabbing pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥You just ♥♥♥♥ed up your reputation devs.No thank you.4/10
76561198038177412,Not Recommended,302670,24976401,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tyler298,GRM only needs to spam cheap militia blobs and will overwhelm US early game. Vehicles make absolutely no sense. i had 12 us marines surrounding a technical and nobody would shoot it because its a vehicle and they have rifles. In real life all those men would easily be able to neutralize the people inside a pickup truck... its not armored. More BS includes a 30mm autocannon firing point blank into a tank and nothing happens until 100 rounds later. Devs need to really pay attention to commmunities complaints. they are all similiar in nature
76561198192726397,Not Recommended,302670,26037902,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,we tortured some folks,"its been over a year and the game still uses the same sounds and voices from the world war 2 men of war games that came out years ago. despite this they're already talking about selling me DLC. here we ♥♥♥♥ing go again. barely any♥♥♥♥♥♥in it, far less than even the most basic free mod for assault squad 2. for each side there's a few types of troops which are essentially the same with different guns, one truck, one car, one apc, one ifv, one tank etc. etc. you get the idea its ♥♥♥♥ing lame. ive sat here like an idiot since the beginning of 2015 watching the updates roll past hoping that the next one will add in a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥but it never happens. the game plays like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ the men of war engine doesnt translate well to modern combat but you can read about other people talking about that. the one compliment i have for them is some of the weird engine stuff they added in like first person cameras, but id rather just have a good game and no first person camera.all in all theres just no reason to play this when games like combat mission: black sea exist. if you really want the true men of war experience you might as well download a free mod for the older games which has helicopters and artillery and all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥not in this game.i probably wouldnt have even given a bad review because its not worth my time, but seeing how in update 19 theyre already planning out DLC and trying to market it while the main game is less than a demo i just snapped.UPDATING my review now that i see the game has gone free-to-play and has an in-game store with crates like counter-strike global offensive.♥♥♥♥ this game.♥♥♥♥ this company.♥♥♥♥ this publisher.if you play this game then youre a ♥♥♥♥ing retard."
,Not Recommended,302670,27566788,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FOSSIL,Save your money
76561198056243896,Recommended,302670,34485779,Posted: 25 August,all,sarapuu,"After a good while of playing this game i can say that it is pretty ok. Of course there is no much difference between the demo and the full version but then again this game is early access and still in beta. I am a big fan of the MoW games, especially the Assault Squad 2 and i can say that i LOVE LOVE the first person addition and many other features in this game. In my opinion it shouldn't have a seperate DLC just to get more Factions and Countries and the optimization in this game and all MoW games is absolutely horrendous. By that i mean is that the lag is absolutely massive when the action kicks up, no matter what the graphics level, in order to counteract this is you either turn down the graphics options substantially or keep it up high but deal with the fact that you can play 1v1 and probably 2v2 without lag or massive amounts of lag or you need to have a stupidly powerful processor and stupid amounts of RAM. This game has it's ups and downs and this review is kinda mixed but i will still thumb it up because i see alot of promise in this game and i hope that it will be awesome in the future and have much better optimization. I can't recommend the full version really. The DLC's are cool but pointless. Just get the demo version, play a while and make a choice for yourself."
,Recommended,302670,17917844,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,THELASTMASTER,"Wow i've never seen devs who respond to the community directly (this game is in good hands and i cant wait to see it grow)[original comment]""I have to pay an extra $14.99 to play by myself. Hopefuly will be changed in the future"""
,Not Recommended,302670,28151046,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Captain-Weasly,"Bought it, then went to free to play, got screwed up by the devs fssAnd now it's free, WTF"
,Recommended,302670,24775462,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Supreme_Sander,This game is absolutely amazing it's just like the old MoW games set in modern warfare and directcontrol is still in there better than ever because now they've added a 3rd person mode for the vehicles as well!If you're a fan of the MoW games buy this now!10/10
,Not Recommended,302670,26169810,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,eching,"Note, this is a review for a still-evolving Early Access game.  I also paid a discounted price for the Deluxe addition when it was on sale, for $10.19.  I have played 133 hours since the time of writing this review.You really can't talk about Call to Arms without mentioning the 2014 game, Men of War: Assault Squad 2.  The comparison is a fair one given their similar price point (Deluxe CtA being about $5 more expensive), and that the games are quite similar in their playstyle and mechanics.  In my opinion, CtA should expand and improve on AS2 to justify the price and the further development.  Unfortunately at current state, it's simply not there yet.The big draw for me in AS2 was that it gave you the feeling of fighting a real war.  Masses of infantry charging the enemy, using realistic cover, suppression, and flanking tactics.  Rolling armour formations using highly lethal heavy weapons to smash the enemy.  And heavy artillery bombardment to disrupt enemy strongpoints.  Logistics was a concern, and while equipping every single soldier in a 10-man squad with a light machinegun was an option, that squad would soon be out of bullets.Whether by design or accident, CtA completely loses that feeling.  Instead, combat is reduced to a much smaller scale, because unlike in AS2 the player has a ""unit cap"".  This makes it difficult to get more than a handful of different units at a time.  You could, for example, get a squad of infantry, a MBT, and maybe a single resupply truck.One big problem that stems from this is that losses hit much harder.  Losing a MBT, for example, can be devastating because it was likely the only MBT you could deploy.  Whereas in AS2 losing a tank is not so painful because you probably had a few other tanks on the field.There's also no longer any heavy artillery in the game, with the only form of indirect fire being fairly weak mortars or rifle grenades.  This cuts down on the ""depth"" of a battlefield, where combat is shrunk to relatively close range.Logistics has been heavily dumbed down.  Each capture point comes with its own supplies, which means you can simply plop down your machinegun squad at the point and get lots and lots of bullets.  There is much less emphasis on logistics, instead relying on the tired random ammunition box trope.  In the same manner, inventory management has also been made less engaging, with a LMG and 1,000 rounds of ammunition taking up the same space as a sniper rifle and 45 rounds.In short, CtA leaves behind much of what AS2 created.  Again, perhaps that was the intent.  Maybe CtA was trying to model low-intensity conflict like what happens in Iraq and Afghanistan.But it isn't as fun.Now are there some things that CtA improves on?  Sure.  The new 1st person view from vehicles is a welcome change, removing many of those ""I didn't know that would block my shot"" problems in AS2.  The promised introduction of air units, like helicopters and ground attack aircraft, is something that AS2 (for the most part) didn't have.On the other hand there are many more downsides of CtA beyond gameplay.  The lack of factions, for starters.  CtA currently has two ""real"" factions and two more copy-pasted factions, which pales in comparison to the 5 unique factions of AS2.  Future factions in CtA would have to be purchased as DLCs.  CtA also lacks a significant playerbase, with less than a peak of 90, while AS2 has 2,000+ players.Maybe CtA will become a worthy successor to AS2 someday.  But because it currently much offers less at a greater cost than AS2, I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,302670,30161579,Posted: 25 February,all,RammWolfe,"(Only have the Free to Play Version)Having played loads of MOWAS2 being able to play a modern combat versoin is something that has always been something I hoped the Devs or one of the awesome modders of the MOW community would do.It plays just like MOWAS and while still a bit basic you have access to infantry and vehicles and all the goodies that come with those, it has promise once it leaves EA and some of its DLC factions are added in.Free to Play Version is only Skirmish vs AI and some Multiplayer functionality so ignore neg reviews saying ""BAIT AND SWITCH"" or ""THEY MADE IT FREE2PLAY HURR DURR"" or my favourite ""THEY CUT CONTENT AND WE GET SH*T"". People get exactly what they payed for which is in the description that none of the neg reviewers obviously read."
76561197960391961,Not Recommended,302670,20426029,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Busta,"I love this series of games I just wish that they didn't run like complete crap. Multiplayer is almost impossible to get a game that doesn't eventually lag and I was just in a single player skirmish that slowed and eventually had to lower my settings from medium to low (on a OC GTX 970 and installed on an SSD) to finish the round with 3 ai players... makes no sense.If your a fan of the series and haven't pulled the trigger yet, don't. Until they patch a x64 bit version of the game or update the code to 2014 fps standards you'll have the same issues you've had in every other game made by these developers."
76561198050169842,Recommended,302670,17656250,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,:(,"Great game, remember that it's still in alpha phase. Theres alot of potential. If your not into the MOW series is suggest waiting until it's no longer in alpha. also the direct control has changed, some say for the better, some say for the worse. but tbh i didnt use it that often anyway so it doesnt really affect me. The community is friendly and i havent seen cheaters yet so yea.. if you dont like the alpha just get a refund (if u can ._.)."
,Not Recommended,302670,25695014,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Horsefighter.Nick♛,Getting screwed simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,302670,17318022,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,The Tyrant,"After nearly two years of development this team barely has a mod let alone a stand alone game. I cannot warn people enough to stay clear of this garbage.There are only a handful of infantry squads, the heaviest weapon either side can bring out is a mortar and even these units feel like place holders. What did you guys do with my backing money? Smoke it? It doesn't look like they did almost anything with it.Don't be fooled by the screenshots this is barely a MoW Assault Squad 2 mod.I can't believe I actually backed this two years ago and this is all they could provide."
,Recommended,302670,27226290,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ank,"Call to Arms is a real-time strategy from Digitalmindsoft, the developer from Men of War series with the latest being Men of War: Assault Squad 2.Generally, Call to Arms right is still in early access. I bought it as deluxe edition on sale. I would say this game is great with a lot of potential. Though it has undergo many changes that I would say kinda controversial, like the game has become free to play. Though the free to play version is different from the pay to play version, like the free to play is limited only to multiplayer, no editor, no missions and units need to unlocked by progressing.Gameplay wise, Call to Arms has the similar if not the same mechanic as Men of War: Assault Squad 2 but with lots of experimental improvements, like ammo are no longer carried separately in the soldiers inventory. Each handheld weapons now already include reserve ammo that can be resupplied. One of the most notable changes is the direct control system that slowly turning into third-person control, including the infantry control with the latest update. Flashbang grenade also present here but I've yet to see how it works. The rest is pretty similar to Men of War: Assault Squad 2 in modern warfare settings.Graphics wise, Call to Arms is very good. Many textures has been upgraded with 2K to 4K resolutions to make them looks sharper and better on bigger screen. Many special effects like explosion and fire has been upgraded since Men of War: Assault Squad 2, they look far better. Sounds also has been redesigned that now it feels better, but the implementation is not complete I think, for the short range or long range sound, ambient fire sound, stuff like that. Performance... it's good, just can use slightly improvements like the game likes to automatically downgrade the graphics at game start because of laggy and stuttering start after loading, even though the game runs good for the rest of the match.Call to Arms also has introduced the use of inventory system and Steam market items. So far items that included in this microtransaction are cosmetic things like emblem or logo for profile, and some xp boost item. These items can be traded or sold on Steam.Overall, Call to Arms has really great potential. Digitalmindsoft needs to focus on finishing the game instead of announcing more things that confuse people. Your last news update won't be necessary if you just follow your own roadmap. But I do recommend this.Rating 7/10"
,Not Recommended,302670,20020029,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ser pounce,"Enjoyed it so far, but its lacking so much content its hard to return to.  Hopefully when its polished up and reaches Beta I'll be able to shower it with praise.Quick edit.The devs, it seems, have broken all the mods on the workshop.  Atleast, the popular ones.  I'm guessing its something to do with their update format.  Perhaps They should wait until they release the game before adding mod support if thats the case."
,Not Recommended,302670,17579067,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kreegs,"Basically a fancy repaint of AS2. Has potential, but I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone in its current state. Wait a year and see where it'll go."
,Recommended,302670,17632014,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,VordenX ™,"My opinion is that the Alpha Backers should not have to pay extra for a deluxe edition for additionjal content, this should be included for all Apha Backers!Come on guys pay it forward!!"
,Recommended,302670,29042152,Posted: 5 January,all,Gwailin,"So, I bought a free game apperently. How the mighty have fallen. At least MOW: AS 2 is still fantastic.*EDIT*The free to play thing works more as an open beta, and it is only the multipllayer that is free. Plus the playerbase needed a boost so it makes sence."
,Not Recommended,302670,26747040,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,AngryError,"NEVER TRUST THIS COMPANY AGAIN, i paid for the game, now i got a F2P BUT YEAH THEY GIVE ME A SOLO MISSIONS CUZ I BOUGHT IT, BUT I BOUGHT IT FOR THE MP!!!30$(or 20 i dont remember but this is not the point) for couple missions???? I could buy some descent indie game,or even add couple dollars to get Deathwing, but instead i got ♥♥♥♥ing crap solo missions.Ill gonna send as much refund tickets as i need to get the money back ( work after 17 times with no mans sky), AND NEVER, NEVER TRUST DMS  AGAIN.UPD: Oh and ofc u need o buy dlc worth 20$ to get 2 new factions, imagine this in mowas."
,Recommended,302670,23673543,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,✯Orion✯,"A decent game--my only problem with it is the performance, especially in multiplayer. Also, there isn't much unit variation, but they're working on more units and vehicles, which I'm excited to see. It also has a coop mode for playing with friends. It's a fun game, indeed. Just fix the performance."
,Not Recommended,302670,18456248,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Uscha. Rommel |9.Komp|,"Simply Wait Untill they get rid of level lock It truely ruins the game, from what I see one of the main selling points of deluxe is so you  don't have to grind so much to get useful units, I find that myself and my team-mates are totaly trumped by higher teir players, with better Units, Tactics and Experience. I'm realy sick of not being able to use all the units in the game I payed good money for. So, in conclusion, Level lock ruins the game, atleast make it optional."
76561198259918127,Not Recommended,302670,29453316,Posted: 23 January,all,[PUG]Redneck,"The gameplay is good, i liked it. The main issue is, it literally took me 10-15mins to load into a game AGAINST AI, like what kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is that. I like the ""first person"" more like 3rd person. The control and troops around the map along with tanks humvees etc is pretty good. I havent had any issue like others say. My only issue is how long it takes to load into a game against AI. I tried online, me and 1 other guy got in but then the game crashed on us both. Tried to stay just playing AI but the long load times just kicked me off this game. It they work on that, maybe optimize the game a bit better ill be willing to give it another shot along with spending big bucks $$$$$. Im not going to recommend this game in its current state."
,Recommended,302670,31989432,Posted: 26 May,all,MrRagedMoose,It's a fun RTS. Not the best game in the world but i've enjoyed my time with it!
76561198115415322,Not Recommended,302670,25598722,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Fun Fact,"If you don't buy their Extra Price Edition you can't use mods.Avoid this game, just get Men Of War: Assault Squad 2. It is the same game, minus 70 years and plus tons more content. This is a shallow mod with less content than the aforementioned game for even more money.Seriously, just don't."
,Not Recommended,302670,28170929,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,[DPDN] Leet,So I bought the game expecting it to be of the quality of Men Of War Assault Squad 2... It's not you get two armies with kinda funky controls and now i gotta pay an extra 25$ Canadien for the season pass on an incomplete game???? This is the first game that's annoyed me enough to actually review.
,Not Recommended,302670,25701880,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gosha,"I really love the idea and concept but it plays so poorly.The A.I. always plays incredibly weird and every skirmish seems to go the same, combine this with only having two factions and the game becomes boring quickly. The single player campaign also plays rather boring in my opinion with generic missions and very plain gameplay that barely feels like a campaign.On the otherhand multiplayer seems quite boring as well. The game has balance issues and very hard and unforgiving gameplay making it often feel more like a game of luck. It's also quite hard to find opponents currently.The game does still get updated and worked on but it isn't very noticable, the content still feels the same as many months ago. The only thing I truly noticed was a couple new maps, but they get boring rather quick. Hopefully when the game releases next month a lot of new things will be added.All in all I wouldn't recommend this game right now, it feels too flashy and repetitive and you'll probably get bored after a few hours to then only play it once every month or so for an hour or two before it gets boring again. I really hope that the full release will make everything better but I am scared it will just increase the time before it gets boring by a few hours. Especially for this price it isn't worth it with what you get back in return."
76561198059888057,Recommended,302670,17665283,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,bruntjoshua23,I am new to the men of war games did not try them but this game is great multiplayer is great even tho its a new game only bad thing is how much the game is due to the stage of which the game is in sould be a bit cheaper but money well spent
,Not Recommended,302670,28150737,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Akula,"Like a bad knock off Red Rising THAT I PAID FOR when i culd of had it for free. Also they feel the need for cases this isnt CS:GO what are they gonna make a M1A2 Abrams | Dragon Lore skin, OH NO i gave em a idea sry."
,Recommended,302670,35234715,Posted: 26 September,all,Silent Hastati,"More of the same from the devs, and while I understand the compaints of long term players via the F2P aspects vs waht they bought into, for a NEW player they are not issues, whereas the fact that AI skirmish in AS2 costs money is, and such for comp-stomps I'd say C2A is the better game, as it's AI seems a touch better and isn't something you have to buy a DLC for.For online MP, I'd still have to say AS2 is the superior product, due to both the wider range of factions, existance of popular MP balance mods, and more polished nature of the game at that stage."
76561198203349085,Not Recommended,302670,17618513,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,English Muffin,"This game had me pumped but when it came out but i  was very disappointed . I know its early access and they not supposed to have alot of content, but come on i love the mow series but the factions are highly unbalanced, also they're is almost no content on this game. I seen other early access games have more content 1 day after release.So i hope for one thing only that they try not too make cta a complete reskin of mow.So please dont make this as a way too get money.because you have a die hard community for these games."
76561197966986156,Not Recommended,302670,23486634,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,AH64_Jimbo,"This RTS game has potential, especially by combing Third-person shooter elements. However, the controls are clunky, and the AI - both friend and foe - needs some vast improvement. I'll keep my eye on it, especially since it is Early Access, but I cannot recommend this game as-is."
76561198002532813,Not Recommended,302670,18498954,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kancho anego,Reskin with less content.
,Recommended,302670,22084906,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,HoCoRydaaH,"Apart from there not being that much content as of Men of War, it's still a fun game and I really like messing around with the editor and making my own battles. Can't wait to see what new units and updates are to come."
76561198005317126,Not Recommended,302670,23416602,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,fifteenracing,As a veteran of the MoW games I am slightly disappointed in this game. Finding the cover system bizarre and very frustrated with the combat AI of my US troops. Will persevere but hard to recommend at this point.
,Not Recommended,302670,26749388,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Rathofkyle,"Bought Call to Arms in Alpha Stage. Since game was buggy when I purchases, I did not play it much. Now it is f2p and I had to PURCHASE it to play it in an UNFINISHED BUILD!!!! STEAM REMOVE THIS JUNK."
76561198061899177,Not Recommended,302670,26751756,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,silvertr,READ the other dislikes and you will understand all the hate. This company has turned into a bunch of corrupt pigs recently and I ask that you not support them.
,Not Recommended,302670,28120623,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,A. Unlimitfai Baker,"After a year and a half of early access development, they announced microtransaction and crates drop. Whats more is season pass with all the stupid DLCs. Yeah the player who bought the game can play singleplayer campaign but can you at least finish the ♥♥♥♥ing campaign? Almost all those missions don't even have a story of briefing, they just throw you into no more and start fighting."
76561198213300665,Recommended,302670,32341849,Posted: 11 June,all,supercruiser101,"Call To Arms is a great game that is basically the modern version of MOWAS2, It's very fun to play"
76561197970581039,Not Recommended,302670,26047790,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cowboy Mistakes Man,"Early Access and already asking for DLC $$$. Nope, nope, nope!"
,Not Recommended,302670,17307156,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Corrosion,"Not that great, lacking too much content! Very poor.P.S. The dev is an absolute flake. He unfriended me and blocked me because I had a few questions regarding THE GAME. Won't be buying from their company again.I was perma-banned from the forums today by Deltadude himself. This was due to saying ""what a great dev""... abuse of power much?"
76561198132360016,Not Recommended,302670,27612395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I>U,"Gonna nominate this for the ""No Man's sky alike""."
,Not Recommended,302670,26741260,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DEVO,"Imagine you buy a game for full price and then the dev makes it FREE TO PLAY right after you bought. Should be illegal, this dev doesn't care about♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off that's for sure. I've bought MOW games since the first title....but this is the last time I support these devs with my $."
,Not Recommended,302670,26747132,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MUERA INTELECTUALIDAD TRAIDORA,"Edit re ""post-fact"" propaganda:If you sell me an apartment in your gated block for 20 and then I find you selling it -80% of what I paid you, I'm liable to get angry. If you then decide to GIFT AWAY the whole first floor, I'm liable to ♥♥♥♥ you up.> You buy an EA game out of love for MOWAS2> The dev progress is on Valve time> You don't get SP for a gooood while because you need to pay extra for that> The game is dead so they pilfer it and lower the price insultingly on sales, before it is even out of EA> They taunt a super-important-new update> The update adds cosmetics, F2P, and a ♥♥♥♥ING SEASON PASS> What do early supporters get? Jack♥♥♥♥♥♥At least buy me dinner first. Because I like to be wined and dined before I get ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,302670,17699045,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,FatalityWolf,prior to writing my view on the current state of the game i would like to note i am friends with a member of the dev team but this has not coloured my veiwpoint as i feel an honest view is best as it allows for improvment.i am also writing this as the game is still in develpment i will change before release.i have yet to play much multiplayer but games i have played felt unballanced with direct control making matters worse but both of these are being worked on and in time things should balance out.but from what i can tell as being both a fan of stratagy games in general aswell as the men of war series the game shows alot of promise.now onto my view of the single player as that being my prefered game mode am extremely happy that we are going to get a proper campagin and the missions i have played so far show alot of promise and i feel will shape up into being a decent campaign.putting that ontop of player made campaigns such as SirHinkel's campaign show that we will have alot of single player content that will hopfully equal the campaign made by the devs and with the chance of having some which will surpass it.
,Not Recommended,302670,26752147,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Speed Test,game is nowhere near close to being finished and you already selling season pass and some type of cases? really?
76561198066438693,Recommended,302670,24779114,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BW,"Why do I choose CtA instead of playing all sorts of Modern warfare mods on AS2?1.1st person view, 3rd person over-shoulder view.2.Doesn't crash that often.3.Guided missiles.4.Good-looking models, HD texture, nice visual effect.5.Active devs, who put up new stuffs every now and then.6.Steam workshopIf you are like Men of War series, give it a try, the multiplayer part is kind of free to play anyway."
,Not Recommended,302670,35300481,Posted: 29 September,all,Dodoman,"The core gameplay seems fine but the VO (in general) is atrocious and the ""campaign"" so far has been some real OORAH nonsense."
,Not Recommended,302670,20025721,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bulkkisika,"It's Men of War with different skins, same missions, currently seems a bit imbalanced. If you are new to Men of War then I advise to wait for release candidate build before bying."
,Recommended,302670,23351370,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Hans Lolo,"Long time fan of MoW here.If you like MoW /AS  you will like this.It really is prettymuch MoW in modern times, which is great for the series. :)Ofc it still has some bugs but those are to be expected.+new Setting+ improved graphics+same learning curve as MoW+fun and new units / unit types-a few bugs-MoW's strange leveling system (can be ""turned off"")-not many players so farfor me its a solid 8.3 /10  with bug fixes easily 9/10"
76561198110722662,Not Recommended,302670,25624235,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The Dirty Bubble,"This may be the biggest embarrassment of a game i have ever played. the AI is absolutely hilarious and the fact that the devs said that they put ""effort"" into this piece of garbage is the biggest lie since trudeau said he would legalize weed. if you can get your units to acctually listen to what you tell them to do, you may be the luckiest person to ever grace the steam community."
,Not Recommended,302670,26756208,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jay-Z Denton,"game goes F2P, devs delete comments with constructive criticism because truth hurtsplayerbase is non-existent (50 players online on averagedespite the game being on 75-80% sale all the time), development progress is slow, no active modding community like in AS2in addition to F2P model devs also introduce a season pass which gives you nothing until the game is released (and there's no release date, maybe it won't be released at all), pretty much a scam ""to support the development""avoid like plague"
,Not Recommended,302670,28777023,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GhostFaceKremlin,I paid for this and now it's gone F2P? These devs are ridiculous. I hope your company folds.
76561198128454340,Recommended,302670,17622232,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,mfsz,"It take so long to level and Mostly the troops are Locked Untill u reach a certain level and the AL Likely can use a high troops lvl and The CP is so limited o-o Didnt expect it to be like that and to make troops it so slow because of MP 1.3 -.- any idea how to increase that thing? and Why there isnt Campaign like Single player or Co op Missions o-o and Besides i think they should add more Countrys Like Germany , China , Europe , Russian , And Also they Should Add more Mods and Add more Units and stuffs + New things Like a OP 1 Character as in Commander of Army Which like Rambo xD And I Prefer you Seperate the Units and Levels cuz i wanted to use a heavy Sniper or Seal but i couldnt cuz my level was low which is kinda sucks for me and those who low levels so please try to change it or atleast make it easier to level up"
76561198221588580,Recommended,302670,17679428,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,mike_coventry,need campain and skirmish and needs british units need to be able to control helicopters  doing this would make this a awsome game and very
76561197975817124,Recommended,302670,29271594,Posted: 15 January,all,Marvelous Ducky Turret,"Previously I had put a thumb up. Loved men of wars... but F2P + microtransaction + season pass... no noUpon reading the article and knowing the actual market of video game industry, it's quite a logical step they took.I don't know, for now, the game isn't broken, I played it a lot and still enjoy it so I guess it's normal I still give it a thumbs up, supporting them and hope they will continue develop that game then :)"
,Recommended,302670,17613697,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Schweetness101,"I see that all of the top reviews are negative, and all primarily complaining about a single thing, Direct Control. I'll repost a few things I discussed in Rokko's review's discussion section, the review that is currently at the top.The old DC is still available! You have to click the button on the HUD, rather than press the Hotkey. In the bottom left corner there are four small boxes, stacked vertically: a skull and crossbones, a wooden crate, a blue/red man portrait, and an upward arrow type symbol (that is the top box). That last symbol is the direct control button.Just so everyone who hasn't played CtA yet is clear, the new direct control is the old one, but from a lower, fixed camera angle. That's about it. The idea is to make it harder to see enemies from across the map and hit them though multiple buildings when you wouldn't be able to see it in real life. It also gives the direct control a more action type feel. This is in keeping with the direction that CtA is moving as a whole with closer range infantry combat as the focus. There will be more additions to the new DC like a gun camera zoom mode, and no range limitations in DC to make up for the limited view. It will allow tank combat from a more realistic perspective, rather than the omnipotent, gods eye, hit everything from the old DC that was totally OP for people who were good at it. Keeping the old DC in would drive away new players for whom it is an awkward and somewhat ill-conceived system that gives too much of an advantage to veterans. In 4v4's I can cruise around the back half of the map with a GRM tier 2 AP technical and easily get a dozen Humvee kills with that one vehicle because I know how to use the old DC and the newer players don't. It is a game-breaking exploit that will drive away new players in frustration. Here's a thread where the developer covers their reasons for the change:http://steamcommunity.com/app/302670/discussions/0/537405286661241101/Their new style of DC is in development, whereas the old style is polished after many years. You can't know what the new DC will really be like on release, and it isn't fair to compare the alpha version of the new DC to the polished version of the old DC. It's not about liking the new DC as it is now, but appreciating that this is a new feature that will take time to get right, and that once they get it right they will phase out the old DC (a nice compromise I think).I can say the same for other missing features. As the road map on the CtA sticky covers, things like more vehicles, the inventory, menu, UI, HUD, more game modes, full single player campaigns, more multiplayer maps, voiceovers, animations, etc...are all in the process of being developed and changed. It's absurd to complain about missing features in an early access Alpha release where they straight up tell you that those features are not in yet, and even go so far as to give you a timeline for when they will be in:http://steamcommunity.com/app/302670/discussions/0/530646080847272442/On the whole, Call to Arms is an immense improvement on the Men of War formula. It focuses on intense infantry engagements, and emphasizes cover, flanking and actual tactics much more than previous MoW titles. The maps are tighter, more urban, and with much more thoughtful placement of abundant cover and positions to flank from. The graphics are better, and the overall feel is more visceral and engaging. I've enjoyed playing the multiplayer this past week more than perhaps any time playing MoWAS2. I just played a few rounds of assault squad for comparisons sake and was shocked at how lackluster it seemed. CtA is in early access Alpha and I'd already rather play it than assault squad.I'm writing this review because I know how important the top reviews are for a game to succeed, and how commonly people can be turned off of buying a game because of one internet troll's loud, ignorant complaining about something they don't understand and isn't yet fully implemented. I like the direction they are going, and I am excited for the eventual full release, and I would hate to see all that potential dashed to pieces because of low sales due to a few misconceived, negative reviews of the alpha version."
,Not Recommended,302670,30731123,Posted: 25 March,all,Sting,30 dollars paid for funding what is now free to play.
,Not Recommended,302670,17333204,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pundii,"In its current state, this game is simply not worth the 20 USD it's up for, there is only multiplayer as of yet, and as far as I have seen, the limits for each side consist of three spawnable squads, and six smaller fire teams, and one mortar unit, no vehicles, no special units, no heavy artillery.The game shows a lot of promise both from how it plays and the screenshots displayed on the page, so I do sincerely hope it develops to the point where it is a modern version of MOW, but as of right now, I do not recommend purchasing the game for the full $20."
76561198000307196,Not Recommended,302670,29824397,Posted: 10 February,all,ADF_S_N_R,This game is bad because of the bad camera position and its so bad that you cant play even 10 minutes without feeling dizzy afterwards. Also in all thes years of development they didnt add one single bit of new content. A big mistake was also that ISIS is the main faction pitted against the US. There sould have been the Russian faction and isis as secondary. It is more like War thunder than a follow-up to the MOW series.I give my positive vote only for belonging in the mow series.
76561198049033256,Recommended,302670,35402953,Posted: 1 October,all,Talon 6,Mods make it much better
,Not Recommended,302670,26721036,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mix73,WOW...It's really free...That's....nice?Even tho i bought this...gg ez easy money
,Recommended,302670,34795958,Posted: 7 September,all,Boreale,"This is what I hoped company of heroes 2 would be like, and the direct control ability is something I've dreamt about since I can imagine with rts games.Easy 9/10"
,Not Recommended,302670,22990714,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,PilotBland,"Edit: Since this review, they have removed removed the level lock, one of my reasons for giving this game a bad review, though there is some other things they could change. Though its a step in the right direction!This game needs work. The experience i've had with it are buggy, it crashes on start up 60% of the time, and it feels like im playing a pre alpha when it's expected to leave Early Access in Q3 2016. Theres problems in the game itself in which I see it as a way to keep players playing the game by making you earn XP to use troops in each faction. Which is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as theres the moment when you play with a higher level player and you get stomped when he pulls out a tank that you haven't even unlocked yet. This is completely unfair for those who start out, and the majority of the community from i've seen has been against it. Unless theres a way to disable it which I haven't seen. Theres also the 15 dollar incentive to get a slight ""XP boost"" to unlock the troops faster from the so called 'Deluxe Edition' with these GREAT features:>Receive an unique player profile badge>Receive an unique deluxe editon achievement>Receive a special icon for your player avatar visible to everyone during a match>Receive an outstanding HUD element visible while playing and recording matches>Receive a slight XP boost for all factions in multiplayer to unlock units faster>Receive access to Deluxe Edition emoticons for the global chatWhat a joke."
,Not Recommended,302670,35277330,Posted: 28 September,all,Snooze,Pay an additional 24.99 on top of the 29.99 I have paid already in an early access is a no go for me.Too many bugs to enjoy this game.
,Recommended,302670,23348755,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mick Jagger,"Lots of good dieas but needs a lot of work, definitley an early access title. Controlling units when not in a vehicle is a bit wonky but when in a vehicle it feels natural.Needs another superpower faction like China or Russia, Infantry should be chagned to an over-shoulder camera, and fix the mods not working when the version isn't the same as the game.Good game though. I recommend it so you can support the devs so the game can live up to it's potential."
76561198008895419,Not Recommended,302670,22309051,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Aaron,its sad when the modding community create more content then the game dev's themselves. plus its not worth the price. this is the type early access that give the actually great early access games a bad rep. spent 14$ found out it only for multiplayer. then spend 25$ dollars to get the rest of the game. ITS EARLY ACCESS YOU DONT PULL THAT EA BS!
76561198111155280,Not Recommended,302670,17308646,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Philly Kessel 81,You have to pay an additional 15 dollars to access the campaign. All you can currently do is fight in crappy matchmade battles or fight mentally challenged AI.
76561198084153717,Recommended,302670,31268512,Posted: 20 April,all,tAnK_SkULL,"Call to Armsis anotherRTSmasterpiece made byDigitalMindSoft.I am not one to moan about losing money out of this or that or moan about the game engine or moan about the graphics blah blah blah.  All of that doesn't interest me.The only thing that interests me is having the option to build my maps on a level where they are based around the idea ofmodern warfareand how theGem Editorgives me that option using itstools & entitiesprovided for making those such maps andCall to Armsspecifically gives me that option. For that I thank you wholeheartedy.WhenCall to Armswas nearing its very first release I remember the frustrating times of trying to find some actual tutorials onyoutubeof using theGem Editor.That's all I was interested in and only that and nothing else. Now of courseyoutubeis crammed full of tutorials of making maps and I have since been enjoying watching them.Call to Armsnow has reached a beautiful point where thefirst person modeis an absolute dream to use. From using the vehicles to the troops. Nicely done in my book. The game really has come a long way and for the most partDigitalMindSofthave stuck to their guns and dedicated themselves to building yet another quality game and still it builds gloriously through sheer determination, hard work and more importantly to listening to theSteam Communityand taking into consideration theiridea's and thoughts.You only have to read thePinned Topicsin thediscussionsbased onSuggestions & Balance& theWishlistto. That in itself should show you instantly how dedicatedDigitalMindSoftare at producing a particular degree of excellence. Those topics can be viewed herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/302670/discussions/Someone could turn around and ask me why don't I mention some negatives of the game. Well really I will leave that to others who want to moan about the graphics engine or the loss of money or that they want a refund or why dontDigitalMindSoftdo this or that. Whatever!! As I said up there in my first paragraph all I am interested in is how theGem Editorgives me the option to build maps based around the idea of amodern warfarelevel.If you are someone who enjoysRTSgames with the option to build maps on amilitary levelusing aLevel Editorthen I would recommend yourself to giveCall to Armsa shot. So what if you don't like it and you feel you want a refund. Big deal for petes sakes.Think of all the money that you have wasted on going to the store and buying food that ends up in the bin. Money for cigarettes that is bad for you. Alcohol that is bad for you. Fatty foods that is bad for you. The list goes on n on. BuyingCall to Armsis a one time thing only. End of!! How much are you going to lose if you don't like the game. Not as much as the amount of crap you have bought and has ended up in the bin I know that much.Oh! and one last thing if you are considering on buyCall to Armsthen before you buy just take a wander round theSteam Community Workshopherehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/302670/workshop/That should show you how worthwhile this game really is. Even the option of installing amodificationis so easy peasy. Gone are the days of faffing around of where to put the files ect ect. Just hit thesubscription buttonand you are good to go, but yes check out all the goodies on there that are kindly donated by the community itself. Good stuff m8.Call to Armslike the angel on my shoulderMen of War Assault Squad 2is a real blast to play, especially using theGem Editor. And thefirst person modeWOW!!...It just gets better and better."
76561198018765847,Recommended,302670,19909074,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,USS Eagle,I really like this game with the mordern weapons and eqt.  IIts not as good as assult 1 and Asssult 2 but I hope they keep developing it it has great promise.  I would like to see the ablity to call in air strikes and support troops like special forces and navey seals . Also the ablity to call up amor support along with being able to proved better security in and around your base area.   I think if they do keep developing this right this game going to exceed the Assault 1 and Assault 2.   I have over 300 hrs on the assault 2 which in my veiw is a excellent military Rpg game. Looking forward to seeing the completed verison of call to arms.  Thanks guys for the great games.    For me medically I can play the call of duy type games because it mas me get dizzy and sick from the motion move ments so I Love the Assault 2 and Call to arms type games they great please keep them coming.   Thanks for all your hard work.with regradsUSS Eagle
,Recommended,302670,26930387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erin,"People are being children about the addition of more content for the multiplayer and the promise for later DLC. There isn't DLC in early access and the game is still being worked on, as it stands I'd already recommend this game to any of my friends and it gets a solid thumbs up for me."
,Not Recommended,302670,32029940,Posted: 28 May,all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"Honestly, I don't feel as ripped off as most people here, I just think this game got really confused as to what it was supposed to be somewhere in development, just sort of in general. Does it want to be a sequel to Men of War set in the Modern Era? Great, thats what most of the old fan base wanted, a developer led version of some of the great mods for Assault Squad that were already on offer that could do that same thing, hopefully with the polish that a developer could bring. But its not really that.Is it a FPS/RTS hybrid? Direct control has always been a big part of Men of War, but this time you can use it to even go down into an infantrymen's perspective directly, and with FPS controls! While an interesting idea... it isn't really that either. The direct control mechanics for Men of War worked because it was the ability to momentarily fine control an RTS unit led to further strategic thinking and fun ""oh wow I didn't think that would work"" moments. This the camera and the controls just make it clunky, and shifting perspective means you suddenly lose the grand picture for a moment in order to fine control something on the ground, which means you will inevitably lose ground or an important bit of kit in the meantime. So again, no its not really an FPS/RTS hybrid.Is it a fully featured paid game? Well, you definitely can buy a ""full"" version of it, but with the increasing in microtransactions, the season pass being put up already, promises of future DLC content even before the Early Access logo disappears, are you really truly getting everything you can be? And considering how a lot of that microtransaction stuff is currently there for cosmetic multiplayer reasons, while the multiplayer stands mostly idle due to this general genre and game confusion... do you really even care if its ""full"" when there is no one else to play it with?On and on it goes. This really should not have been that difficult. Digitalmindsoft made Men of War. They have that engine still I'm sure. They updated it for this game, but they came up with the concepts that we wanted to see in this game, the original direct control, all of that was their idea to begin with. All you had to do, was replace panzers with T-55s, halftracks with IFVs, and call it a day really. I think most fans would have been perhaps a bit disappointed it didn't go into further depth in some areas if they took that approach, but all in all I wouldn't have minded really. New toys to play with is always fun. Instead, what you get is a confused mess of a game that doesn't even have some of the quality of life improvements that Assault Squad 2 introduced later on.Stick with Assault Squad 2. For better or worse, and that game has a few flaws of its own, but it is still leaps and bounds better, and less confused than this game."
,Recommended,302670,29096942,Posted: 7 January,all,A Very Sneaky Snake,"This is probabaly the best RTS war game I have ever played! It is so realistic and fun, I would highly recomend 20/10."
,Not Recommended,302670,25968765,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mark Cuckerberg,"Devs are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that failed to deliver the promised game and are now upcharging for ""possible future features"".Don't give your money to these people like I did."
76561198119417257,Not Recommended,302670,26748769,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TheNoobYouHate,"I've been holding off reviewing this game thinking the devs would do things better but I see this beta, already asking for money on things that were promised already.The core of the game was removed very early on which killed it for me and many other players with the top down direct control from men of war series.It would not have been bad if they were posting ""We plan to remove this feature within a month"" but they said nothing and so I played this game happily up until the very second they removed DC. Then the game was broken, and not worth playing. and by then I was unable to get a refund from steam. So this was their first cash grab, get the old players to pay for a game they think they are getting but are not.When countless players sprung up in the discussions asking for direct control to be added back they were all banned from the forums. and the excuses they wrote were some of the most pathetic things you could think of. the one ban I got was for inciting negativity towards their game and using other games as comparisons. LITERALLY the point of discussion boards. You take one thing and compare it to another so you can figure out which is better or what needs to be changed.They would  go into posts my brother or I had made and trimmed out any over negative posts in a 20+ page post and not say a single thing. Which happened more than once.The devs have never once been nice or helpful, its always been hostility. If you get in their way they run you over(banned). Its their game sure but they've lied since the beginning and thats a big damn redflag that I advise everyone reading this to avoid.Once you see a game with microtransactions you know the game has lost all ability to hold itself up unless the game is literally built around the concept.To be honest I could keep writing, but I hope this is enough to help anyone trying to make a decision because truly I cannot put anymore of myself into this game or these devs, I campaigned for so long trying to get them to fix this game right as they broke it and now look where its at? They are having to resort to allowing people playing it for free to trick people into buying it.When they get on to the main game they will only realise NO ONE PLAYS MULTIPLAYER. And the campaigns on these games drag on long enough so by the time you notice it you can't refund it."
76561198008191544,Not Recommended,302670,17975665,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,PrinceofMacedon,"I wouldn't buy it in it's current state, no. It is a re-skin with a few changes for the worse. The DC camera is terrible, I really can't understand why they would screw it up so bad.I understand it's alpha but the way things are being released is moronic. The maps are locked to certain numbers of players so there is no variety. Balance is crap because they release things that can't be countered by the other faction. These things are driving players away so it's very hard to find games atm.All of this is not as bad as the dev's attitude. They don't listen to players and respond to requests by telling players to ""make a mod for it"". All advice or criticism is discarded in a spam riddled containment thread or locked.Stay far away for now.EDIT: This is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm talking about with the devshttp://imgur.com/7lt9FMU"
76561198086982963,Recommended,302670,28357207,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg01,"I honestly don't know why they went free, but i think i got my moneys worth out of it. I get a campaign, and some good items, and my brother (who did not buy the game) can play with me. I look forward to the new factions, and i hope the developers keep adding on to this game. Statisticaly speaking not the best game ever, but it is definitly up in my top 50, if not top 10."
76561198181111673,Not Recommended,302670,26750457,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,猫主席,Developers just ruined another RTS game.Pretend the devs as a father figure and the game is the daughter and the dev trying to sell her.My answer is NO. Why? Because it gave me AIDS!Do I want to recommend the game? NO!(unless you have or don't want AIDS) Not at it's current stateDoes the game work? NO it dosen't unless you delete something that course the game to crash and there is no patch or update on this problem that may plague new players.The devs need to man up if they ever want to make money because no one is stupid anymore in thisBS DLC policy.What a way to ruin your daughter DEVs
76561198080820934,Not Recommended,302670,25598442,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Rusty Cunk,Better Off getting a Mod for MOWAS2 then playing this
76561198088541021,Not Recommended,302670,26641838,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Homofaggotinian,Spent $35 on a game that is going to be free well ain't that some♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009848516,Not Recommended,302670,25187701,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bum Tickler,"Season Pass Kiss my♥♥♥♥♥ ( A Love Letter to Call to Arms Devs)I played this game from day one... okay maybe day 69 and bought the Deluxe Edition like many others.So I will make this short and sweet...Creator's Used a Previous Game to create their's... duhThey want your money and sadly mods are showing that the people that play this game are more skilled at making mission's and stories than the developer's.After about 2 years... (Last Month) I started playing again only to find out that they want more money or I can't use the mods that other people made and they chose not to create anything with the Season Pass.In Conclusion, Call To Arms Creator's can destroy the game... oh wait they already did when they created it. If this game still has a pulse it's time to pull the plug before they start charging for each mod other's have made."
76561198011827366,Recommended,302670,31182064,Posted: 16 April,all,will,who decided to make a strategy game a fps you guys are awsome.
76561198074870035,Not Recommended,302670,20758690,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,spartandial,"If you want a good strategy game this is not that game. Find another this one features: poor map development, new units, and a terrible customer support team. I sent them multiple emails hoping that they would help me only to be ignored. Its been a week from my latest email and there was no response not even one saying they were working on it so please avoid this game."
76561198045061277,Not Recommended,302670,18737315,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Phentix,units are gated wtf...
76561197974690250,Not Recommended,302670,28602857,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PsyKoala,Dont buy this game. Those developpers are nothing more than a bunch of money making scammers. Pathetic scums advertising a game in early acces and after you buy the game deluxe edition you have to buy a season pass to play the full game. Avoid this game and those selfish money hungry debilitated people. SHAME ON YOU. DONT BUY THIS GAME AND DONT SUPPORT THOSE HORRIBLE SELFISH PEOPLE.
,Not Recommended,302670,24941999,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nightrader,"Absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The unfinished campaign is a 15 dollar DLC to an unfinished game.It's Early Access, and yet there's already DLC?Now it's free to play, with absolutely no reason to purchase it?"
,Recommended,302670,20722548,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Optik333,"I don't recommend the game at it's current state. You can't access much of the content. Players won't allow you to join becuase of leveling and needing specific mods. From what I read the leveling is a pain. I tried playing online and it forced me back online even though I was playing against bots. Idk if it's my machine itself but I can't even get through the first 30secs of a match without super lagging. I may come back on a newer machine and give it a go, but for now, it lost my interest.--- UPDATE [04/08/17] ---Came back to it on a better machine after the game has been updated and OMFG. I'm addicted.Call to Arms is Squad meets Company of Heroes. I picked up on the Map/Mission Editor fairly quickly and have been working on custom maps. I like the vision and direction the game is currently heading in and can't wait to see it's potential with the upcoming textures, factions, weapons and upgrades."
,Not Recommended,302670,28265589,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Flakey🎈,"Add season pass to my library, ♥♥♥♥ing scammer developers."
76561197962727993,Recommended,302670,34704141,Posted: 2 September,all,DigitalGreen,One of my favorite all time games.  I don't write many reviews but I had to for this one.  A+
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,302670,35502182,Posted: 5 October,all,Proxy,i bought this game for $30 now i have to pay again? ♥♥♥♥ these greedy♥♥♥♥♥devs
76561198366024222,Recommended,302670,32226907,Posted: 6 June,all,mortar,good game
,Recommended,302670,32813816,Posted: 26 June,all,Cedjoe,Nice strategy game
76561198090027832,Recommended,302670,28159858,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Carrot!,"If you have played Men Of War in the past then you definitely want to pick this up.The is in Early Access / Beta while I am writing this but the game features a lot of high quality content, If you're coming from the Men Of War series then you might need to change your play style because the matches online do play very different compared to Men Of War.This must be the only game on the market (Including Men Of War) where you can play either as 1st person or a RTS style click and move. They both work very well together.I would definitely recommend picking this up also, if you haven't picked up Men Of War Assault Squad 2, I would also recommend picking that up."
,Recommended,302670,28242201,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Quantum,"Still has some bugs and needs a few refinements, but I do overall like the 1st person mode of the game. Black Hawk Down just got more interesting now!"
,Recommended,302670,31525815,Posted: 3 May,all,Nakano Azusa,good game
,Recommended,302670,30456016,Posted: 11 March,all,SyKo Champion,You could get away with playing the free demo (let's you play multiplayer online and vs AI) but the game is so awesome it's worth supporting the devs.
,Recommended,302670,32967245,Posted: 28 June,all,Commander Misfit,"This game is awsome, ive never wanted anything else but this game."
76561198042840070,Recommended,302670,30021719,Posted: 18 February,all,Shrin,"good so far for being in beta, BUT the AI pathing of the units could be fixed as well as the AI common sense to not shoot other same side units."
76561198065683080,Recommended,302670,17582419,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,BlaDezz (Luke),"Great Game Really fun, definatly would recommed it."
76561198056906161,Not Recommended,302670,27266596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gattobuono,"Why I decided to give this game a thumbs down:I, like many others, only play single-player.Ironically though, if I wanted to play multi-player, I could now download the f2p version.But I don't want to play multi-player, so I have to pay.And if I pay, I expect to get a product that is at least worthy of the great MOW lineage.Yet what do I get for my money?  A very shoddy, unimaginative and boring sp experience. I’m half way through the campaign ... and I’m bored. There’s no serious tactical challenge, and not a single ‘memorable moment’.As CtA is still early access, I'm not going to go into the game mechanics except to say that they need a LOT of work.So, what, exactly do you get for your 40 Euro (when not on sale)?Multi-player= well, you can now download that for free, so I’m only going to focus on what you have to pay for.That leaves us with:Skirmish= fun for a while, but quickly gets repetitive, and definitely NOT worth 40 Euro.Campaign= absolute simplistic drivel on the level of CoD or Battlefield. E.g. the Blackhawk Down mission ... really!?! Is that the best you can come up with?Now, a new, or younger player, coming from one of the above cited games may be happy with the rather childish ‘campaign’, and perhaps that's what the devs are after. But for an experienced tactical player it's extremely unsatisfactory to say the least.Hence, the F2P dilemma:Multi-player = freeVery dull and unimaginative single-player = paidI can perfectly understand why a lot of people are unhappy about the situation, and would be compelled to express their feelings in a negative review. But here's what gave me the final push to write my own review: the patronising and arrogant diatribe posted by developer Instinct entitledFact Checkin which he dismisses anyone who writes a negative review about Call To Arms as a “hater” and admits absolutely no responsibility for the discontent expressed by a lot of the people who bought this game.Well done Instinct, you’ve earned yourself another negative review, the first that I have ever given on Steam!Now, prove to me that you can do better and I might change my mind."
76561198217126468,Recommended,302670,34381474,Posted: 20 August,all,WhatDaYaReckon.....,"If you a Men of War fan then is game is for you, the change in the direct control makes a huge difference to the game which really helps in online play, takes abit of time getting the hang of it , but the more modern units and weapons bring a better game experence."
,Recommended,302670,28146418,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The Black Musketeer,"My review of this gameIts a sad reminder of men of war: as 2men of war was so well made crafted to stand away from the pack and strive for its own independant title and call to arms has picked up that idea said well F**K it and thrown it away, i understand the season pass and the delux edition but the game needs to be finished before micros come on think with your brains developers not with your wallets.Dont get me wrong i dont mind the game still a little janky with voice, ai and dont even get me started on the new direct controls but the developers have forgot what there making this game for its not for the money its for the enjoyment of those who are lucky enough to play it.Alas my rating will be a low 4/10 becouse of the lack luster bisiness model they are using its a discrace to even link men of war to this game and that link should be severed with extreme predjidus.As its own game i rate it a 6/10 if it were just a simple game not a sequal to a francise."
,Recommended,302670,17709837,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Carl Hamilton,"I recommend this game if you liked Men of War, or if you're looking for a tactical strategy game.It strikes the right balance between scale and function like the men of war series and also introduces some new things.Read futher for a very long extensive review.----As of right now, during early access, some pros over the older men of war engine the new one has.Better GraphicsBetter Syncing snapshots (I have not had a single desync at all)More Stable engine (I have not had a single crash at all, despite being alpha build)Less micro, the squads are smaller, offering the same type of gameplay, but doesn't require you to flood the map with infantry.Better string reference system (nice for modders)Some Cons:I don't like most of the map designs, this may be a personal preference, but i think the new maps have too much cover, and it looks silly that cities are flooded with single sandbags.I don't know what the final unit roster is, but currently it seems a bit lack luster, hopefully this will change.1. The BalanceThe Balance, is pretty decent, currently favouring USA, but tanks aren't implimented so this may change or even out. I'd still say I am not a big fan of the basic model, as it is right now.You have 2 factions GRM and USA, the GRM is nearly identical to the USA with the exception that everything they have is worse but cheaper, and they get 1 extra guy per infantry squad, though not support squads.This is boring to me, as all it means is that as GRM you lose more guys but generally play the same just slightly less effective, so far GRM does not have a single unit that is better than the US counterpart, you just get more. And I could give a lot of examples of this, but there is no need, because this is litterally all the thought there is put into it.Bear in mind, i am not saying it's unbalanced. i am just saying their balance model is boring, and not at all like in Men of War.2. RealismRight now there are many flaws in the physics and behavior of a lot of equipment, SPG-9 works like an RPG dispite being a recoiless rifle, and the speed of projectiles is dubious, I understand this isn't high on the list of things to get done. Luckily this is mostly quite easily changeable with mods, and when there is time to fix this it probably will.3. Unlock SystemUnlocks in mow2 were annoying, but they were kinda fast, and you could turn them off in custom games.In CtA you can't turn off unlocks, they are always on.The game punishes you for being good, since you get basically no XP for winning, but lots of xp for killing and losing units. Which means that long drawn out games that are basically a tie, will give you more XP than skillfully defeating the enemy by capturing and holding points.I really hope this will change, atleast so that unlocks are sensible, though i'd prefer them being removed though i understand some people like this sort of thing.4. New Direct Control ViewIs honestly not a problem, a lot of reviews seem to think it is, I am as much of a men of war veteran as the rest of them, but while i at first didn't like the system very much, i think it has a lot of potential.Firstly it looks cool, being down to earth.Secondly after the update to it, it is much easier to navigate with it, and i'd go as far as to say that it's more useful for urban fighting than the old direct control is, because with the new system you can actually see through allys."
,Recommended,302670,30248045,Posted: 28 February,all,{CG}Coke-a-colaattic,great game the modern version of men of war i would happily pay for this game
76561198014662114,Recommended,302670,33412329,Posted: 9 July,all,Commander Kermit,"Perosnally, I like this game more than MOWAS2. I don't get as frusterated in this game as often as I did in previous titles, likely because of how the developers balanced the USA and GRM factions. It seems to me like the USA weapons are more acurate, but do less damage than the GRM weapons, however GRM has worse accuracy. Graphics are nice, but the frames can drop when there are a lot of units on the field. The first person feature is really cool. You can take control of one of your troopes and butt rush a guy suppresed behind a wall. Troop animations are a little odd, but this game is early development so it gets a pass (it doesn't bother me much). I also really love how the camouflage is consistent over each unit for both of the factions: it really boosts immersion! Overall, I'm happy with my purchase, I hope this review means something towards your decison!"
76561198041148708,Recommended,302670,34242767,Posted: 14 August,all,Samurai Sam,"pretty fun game, its like a modern version of company of heros, except you can command and control individal men inculding going into first person view."
76561198040358284,Recommended,302670,35039664,Posted: 17 September,all,wdurham23,I hope devlopment continues and the game reaches completion soon. I love the concept and direction of the game.
,Recommended,302670,17797470,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shadow,"Ok, so this is actually very similar to Men of War series.  That being said, I thoroughly enjoy it.  Its a modern take on MoW but with its own wrinkles.  I especially like the idea of controlling your own troop.  It brings added immersion to the game.  I look forward to seeing where they take the game out of Alpha and into full production.  Worth the buy @ $20, but you could wait for a sale time and get this at a really good deal too."
,Recommended,302670,20003287,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Elyo,"Compared to other related strategy games this is one of my greatest. Being able to choose to command between one soldier and a whole unit is what makes this game unique, spreading your squad the way you like around objects out smarting your opponent. Also each soldier has his own amount and type of weapons u can use  which makes combat intense and unpredictabe. The speed of interaction between movement and combat makes the battles feel realistic. You can always control a soldier or vehicle in 3rd person if you wish to and use your aiming skills to defeat enemy units. A large amount of vehicles to choose from and graphics are amazing."
,Not Recommended,302670,20025504,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jerry,"Call to Arms is a Men of War copy set in the modern era.  The ""game"" so far consists of multiplayer battles where the ai cannot listen to a simple command such as ""attack this target"" or ""move here"" and on top of that there is no single player, only a handful multiplayer game modes on a handful of multiplayer maps.The game looks good though: 2/10"
,Recommended,302670,17698008,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CamyHunt,"Awesome Game, been a fan of the Men of War series of games and finally there is a Modern Warfare version! This is in alpha so it will crash and be buggy. Would reccomend 10/10This game also includes one of the best free editors to make missions with and mp maps!"
76561198050942905,Recommended,302670,31657718,Posted: 9 May,all,LordArdz,similar to Men of War series......more campaign please and more units with different specialties.
76561198188295325,Not Recommended,302670,20100327,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,masterchef11,♥♥♥♥♥est game keeps crashing and then cutting out!!!!
76561198010284428,Recommended,302670,21510803,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,NotesFromUnderground,"Call to Arms' core gameplay offers what I feel is an unrivalled tactical experience. It is simultaneously cooperative, unforgiving and incredibly fun."
76561198040954831,Not Recommended,302670,17693310,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,John Dillinger,I baught this game thinking there will be singleplayer missions where I can enjoy without versing people when i mearly just want to sit and play. This game needs alot off work and for the price it is I dont think the content whats been released is not good enough yet. I refunded my game after about an hour of playing due no singleplayer and just the lack off content involved.Things what i think they should work on -More factionsSingpleplayerDetail on playersVoices off players (Its just MOWAS2 Voices with a deeper tone)
76561198071062007,Not Recommended,302670,32109270,Posted: 1 June,all,Woofy McDoodle,"What can I say? Its a Copy of Men of War and nothing more. Paying 20$ for an unfinished game with no content and the devs dont even take care of it. I have that game over 1 year now and they did absolutly NOTHING to improve it. Performance is bad, very little units and vehicles, wacky controls. They even want people to pay for a DLC that brings only 2 Factions that cost the same as the game alone! Its not a bad game, but considering it was 4 years in Early access and on kickstarter, while beeing only a simple copy-paste of Men of War is an absolute joke...If you want a modern Version of Men of War just play a mod for Assault Squad 2. The mods give you over 200 more factions and 1000 more vehicles + maps + Units instead of 5 and 2 glitched/bugged Helis in Call to Arms. Devs are moneygrabing and lazy.3/10."
76561198135899065,Not Recommended,302670,20601901,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Redleader,"are you people just blind or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? why is it that every damn time you update the game i have to play through alll the mission to get tto the new missions?????????????????????????????????????????????????????? would it not be %&^&#$@$#$g logical to be able to stay where im at in the missions, so i dont hae to play through all the missiojs again ?????????????????????? this is the 6th time ive had to get through the missions to be able to play the next one. it makes me hate all you people and think that your ametuer developers"
,Not Recommended,302670,25381179,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,aop,"This game is like a barebones reskin of earlier Men of War games. Gameplay is the same but there is very little unit variation (only two factions with poor amount of unit variety), the performance is extremely poor because they have stretched the ancient GEM engine way too far and the development pace is glacial (new content is not added fast enough).This is one of those Early Access titles which will go from Alpha to Beta to Finished with very little changes and additional content. It simply makes no sense for the devs to invest in this game because it has received so poor reception and sales.Even if it cost $5 (which is most it should cost considering the barebones content) I couldn't recommend it because the performance is so poor, AI is broken and the multiplayer is a lagfest. The engine problems run so deep I don't think Digitalmindsoft can ever fix this game with the resources they have."
76561198103370823,Not Recommended,302670,20885435,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,countryguy2001,"In the current state i wouldnt reccomend this game. IT LACKS A LOT. i realize its a early game and all but they need to change so many things. my biggest hate about this game is the populatiion cap. It feels like very slow, no amour, little tactic, boring games. im hoping to see single player soon."
76561198332500666,Recommended,302670,33910539,Posted: 30 July,all,kkcatman8,i say the game is really nice add a zombie mode and the green berets and some more units cuz this game is really cool i  say this game is really awsome
76561198012438865,Not Recommended,302670,32415673,Posted: 14 June,all,Byzanth,"If I wanted to play FPS I would have purchased CoD instead or put my money to War Thunder. Chenges in direct fire mode are the most stupid things in this game. Poor singeplayer content. I have a strong feeling that this game is MoWAS copy in modern era with minor Improvements. Sorry.I am very disappointed by this game and by digitalmindsoft at all. As a passionate player of Soldiers HOWW2 and later games i bought every game and provide support in form of deluxe edition etc. Now, when I see your plans and directions, I will not support you anymore. Mayby you get bunch of free players, but lost one longtime fan."
,Not Recommended,302670,17661768,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,craigastra,do anyone got this error?Program will be terminated.APP_error: INvailid bullet ammo[] for weapon[[1536] 1 pistol_v1?any one?
76561198062479462,Not Recommended,302670,30699079,Posted: 23 March,all,Regular Legs,"An incomplete ripoff of Men of War 2.I bought this game because a saw great potential, but like the parent of a crackhead, I was very dissapointed.- The updates are very slow to come out- It looks like they just re-skinned MOW2 and then somehow broke it- The game is now free after I gave them 30 of my dollars- I gave them 30 dollars!Honestly you'd be better off keeping your money instead of buying something the developers clearly do not care about. If you still feel the need for a somewhat modernized RTS just go with something from the Wargame series ( even the cheapest one is better than this )"
,Not Recommended,302670,31731008,Posted: 13 May,all,SurfnBird,Im giving this game a negative review because when i bought this RTS in 2016 I didnt realize it would end up being an FPS with no player base and content.
,Recommended,302670,19534023,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Vyntage,"Got to recommend. Extremely fun. Even for Alpha stage, lots of potentional, and it's basically Men of War in the modern times."
76561198135564007,Not Recommended,302670,18391784,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BlackWhale,"This game is a joke, i got the deluxe edition as at the time it was the best package and they promised that everything would be part of this package. One of the reasons why I got this package is to play all the single player mission as I really enjoy MOW BUT Guess what NO you need to pay them more, they switch everything changing it to free to play adding a season pass and adding ultimate edition. Doing that, now you have to pay them more money to get something they promised you in the start. guess what you can suck my balls i am not going to support a company that does business that way. don't waste your money as they will screw you over the first chance they will get. Don’t say I didn’t warn you"
76561197990444971,Not Recommended,302670,29831396,Posted: 10 February,all,Koly™,"This could be the  top game of the year !!!But with the turn to be hybrid FPS/TPS, this game is probably the flop of the year !!!!+ Good graphism+ Good gameplay- FPS view in RTS ???? ARE YOU SERIOUS ?I play now  STEEL DIVISION NORMANDY 44 and WARGAME RED DRAGON or SUDDEN STRIKE 4 ....it's betternov 2015 they said, we are close to release all is finished it's ok !!!AUGUST 2017 the game is  in beta............."
76561198062107090,Not Recommended,302670,31114249,Posted: 13 April,all,Space Jesus,"This game has very innovative gameplay, but still game feels like dumped down version of men of war as therea are less unit variation, vehicle types and lack of artillery. The gameplay of original men of war games does not work as well in modern warfare context like it did in ww2. More numerous automatic weapons make firefights last much less time and low tier vehicles like Humvee with TOW missile can take down main battle tanks which makes tanks less useful. Problem with heat missiles and rounds is that in first person there is no range limit.The first person mode does not work as good as in theory because its even more difficult to defeat units controlled by ai in first person than in old direct control. In first person you cannot see units behind cover like in old direct control. The non player controlled units can shoot you through heavy foliage if 1 unit sees you.Games high quality models have made this game much more demanding than older men of war games and hopefully optimizations are made before final release. Otherwise this game could become good game."
76561198009896603,Recommended,302670,27826426,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cozzybear,this game is fun i recomend it i enjoy it
76561198172608653,Recommended,302670,32640263,Posted: 22 June,all,Creeperjr5,"What I expected from this was Men of War: Assault Squad 2 with a modern skinWhat I got was better, and I hope they'll only improve the game. These guys do MICROTRANSACTIONS right. That's how good this is. It has MICROTRANSACTIONS THAT DON'T SUCK OR MAKE IT PAY TO WIN"
,Recommended,302670,34745482,Posted: 4 September,all,Official Morata,"This game has been one of the most rags to riches games I have seen. When I first played this, I had fun, until I realized how broken the game was. After a while, I vowed to never play it, I recently gave it a shot and it's changed for the better. I can finally play it and you should too!"
,Recommended,302670,31115944,Posted: 13 April,all,Broomy,"I really like where this game is heading. The gameplay is a lot more in depth than titles such as COH, you can turn the tide of a battle with a small squad of well equiped soldiers. The development team is small so the progress is slow but has started to pick up pace in the recent months. The gameplay is unique in the combination of FPS & RTS and with all the assets being constantly updated to higher quality, i have high expectations for this title becoming AAA in the future. The developers are active in the community it's just a shame there are so many negative reviews in regards to going free to play. The majority of bad reviews have nothing to do with the game just people throwing their toys out of the pram because they feel they have been ripped off, which isn't the case."
76561198031172261,Recommended,302670,32164439,Posted: 3 June,all,91st Argyll William Wallace,Look this game is jsut as up there with MOWSQ2 right. People or most of the negative comments/reviews have been on the *Free game* But really its just a demo version. The game as a whole is pretty good new content but slowly which is ok becuase when you bu in early access games they could take your money and run as it is the legal contract which you certify  with every game you buy. But these guys are getting there learning from mistakes and take reviews in as feed back.The game its self 8/10 I would only rate mowsq2   7.5/10  This game has a solid single player with more to come Ai which is pretty impresssive and optimized fairly well.I would give this as a gift to anyone of my mates as it requires teamworkP.S All the reviews that are negative are all basically *Free game*
76561198053388242,Recommended,302670,32103288,Posted: 1 June,all,princewills,"This game is well worth the time, and effort. The game is hardly Pay To Win if it was that, well I woulden't have bought the game, from when it was first, said. This game, takes the tatic's from what we all love of MOW, and adds some new tricks, and new buttons to press. This game, I find is well worth the money with a promiseing future, and a good dev studio behind it, it isn't as negtive or horrible, as one might say.. Try the game for yourself, however, don't pay attention to reveiws."
76561198066584526,Recommended,302670,17381759,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Viper,"Digitalmindsoft never fail to impress me with their RTS games, Even in early access very playable.Recommended"
76561198203607572,Recommended,302670,31811676,Posted: 17 May,all,leannasky,cool game i like it people should play it some times.  yay!
76561198157640176,Recommended,302670,23526671,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,(RPPK) Red Dwarf,"I recommend this game to all players who love the Men of War series, this game offers the same features and fun of the original series. The only difference is that it is set in modern times - although it is still a beta, this game is by far one of the best strategy games available."
,Recommended,302670,30073035,Posted: 20 February,all,JunglePredator,"Early Access Review: Bought Deluxe edition before F2P version came out.Off hand I have to say it's a decent little game.The game has some decent strategy in the single player campaign.Graphics are good, audio could use a bit of work. (Mission statements being voiced, guns sound a bit off.)The single player could be fun once it has some work done to it; even in its current state it's playable & feels like a squad based RTS game.However the single player could really use some tutorial missions. Trying to figure out all the controls on your 1st go is difficult; I had to resort to looking at the key bindings just to figure out how to change the controls of the humvee because I got ""stuck"" in... direct control I think? I'd call it first person.Now the part the developers are crying about... the multiplayer.I don't doubt the multiplayer will be fun (I'll probably never play it as my friends don't play this type of game) since it shows various game modes that typical online shooter games have. Examples are deathmatch or hold flag areas.It also has built in LAN & AI support... something every game should have & something that will make this game a long lasting game... however I haven't tested it with out internet yet to ensure it doesn't need the central server to start. Dedicated server files that one could download & run separately would go along way in player confidence.HOWEVER.The multiplayer is most definitely pay to win. He who holds the most $ will win.The transactions, and I don't think you can even call them micro, cover all sorts of things... such as emoticons for chat, free experience, clan symbols etc.Prices range with a quick glance showing prices upwards of $6 CDN.At this point in time I do think the game is worth supporting; but buy it for the single player & don't bother with playing multiplayer with anyone who isn't a friend... the store takes the equality out of it.(Also when I tried playing it now the public lobby, which was joined automatically, had 33 players in it... none of whom said anything. Not a lively community off hand.)Over all: Recommend... get something with single player. Ask developers to post dedicated server files that don't require Steam to use."
76561198010475249,Recommended,302670,32088207,Posted: 31 May,all,phil762███,"Played men of wars alot, like that game, call to arms is just incredible , i always wanted modern war like men of war. CALL TO ARMS. U GOT ME <3"
76561198066848292,Recommended,302670,17552862,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Eureka!,"Hello, im a fan of the men of war series, I was very happy when i heard of the game coming out, i knew it would not be the best at release, (like anygame) But should you buy this game? If you have been a fan of the men of war series and like hthem then YES! the money will help fund the project and feedback for bugs and glitches is helpful in that sence, But for a first men of war type game do not buy this, buy men of war assualt squad 2 or any others, Get a feel for the game and see if you like it, as for me i love men of war and i support this project, thanks for reading (At release, my review is not helping after the game is complete)"
76561197995825919,Recommended,302670,17945274,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,HeathanInk,"The DigitalMindSoft(DMS) team responsible for the MenofWar(MoW)franchise's evolution, which has culminated in CalltoArms, is one of the most uniquely talented RealTimeStrategy(RTS) game development groups in the industry today. In the past; DMS along with their respective partner(s) BestWay and former publisher 1C have consistently managed to serve-up an amazing array of endlessly playable and constantly improving military-themed RTS titles built off successive improvements to the Gem game engine. I personally consider many of their classic games to be amongst my most favorite-going way back to the initial 2004 release of Soldier's:HeroesofWWII, as their particular brand of RTS delivers the best balance of entertainment, realism, & challenge possible in a PC-based RTS game. Moreover, the MoW franchise; from which CtA is the current derivative apex, has to be the best & most smoothly blended mix of action, tactical control, and detailed sophistication that I've seen yet from this truly fun-to-play family of games. CtA is the latest and greatest DMS expansion off the MoW platform, hands-down! It is certainly no exception to this group's legacy of PC-gaming epicness and I would highly recommend it to most players out there looking for something really special in an RTS game!Like I said; CtA is a great game derived from an awesome franchise with proven potential, and it certainly has a brilliant Dev team at the helm, but finding success is gonna be an uphill battle because the franchise presents players with a double-edged sword in many ways and here's why:I think we can all agree that the mainstay of military-themed gaming tends to numerically favor the MassivelyMultiplayerOnline/FirstPersonShooter(MMO/FPS) arena; with so many more titles to choose from (such as: CallofDuty, WorldofTanks, RedOrchestra, etc...) then the less dominant RTS genre, ultimately CtA is at a disadvantage from the get go. RTS in general retains popularity somewhat on the outside-edge of the mainstream gaming world, taking that into consideration, in the past the MoWseries has appealed mostly to an even smaller, but highly dedicated, fringe community of the RTS-niche market; gamers attracted to a very specific type of 3rd-person RTS. The MoW franchise offered players something different from the average/popular/arcade feeling war-game RTS (of which similar titles would include: CompanyofHeroes, Blitzkrieg, etc); it offered truly great game immersion! CtA carries the torch, if you are willing to be patient and ride-out the steep learning curve, which unfortunately causes the MoWfranchise gaming experience to receive frequent misunderstood criticism. Although this will probably thus hurt CtA's chances in the mainstream, on the bright side, I can confidently say CalltoArms solves a lot of the previous MoWseries problems. Many of the glitches, weaknesses in playability, and areas in which the game generally needed tweaks are improving with each new developer's update released to CtA's early-access supporters (I personally went with the more content-rich 'Deluxe' edition for $30bucks American).Since CtA is currently in Pre-Release Alpha, it's is bound to be a bit rough around the edges; but the issues are steadily being addressed and refined almost weekly. Additionally, it's true that some general MoWseries drawbacks carry into CtA; a big one being that novice RTS gamers find it far too overly complicated, but for the most part, RTS is supposed to be more complex than say any FPS'er, and the MoW/CtA franchise is probably even harder to learn than your average RTS because the tactical breadth of options and wide scope of possible customizations results in near limitless options (which is supposed to at least partially mirror it's real world counterpart forces). Tactics is all about options! A lot like the game of chess, thus the expectation of 'user-friendly' andor ""ease of use"" are unfair criticisms IMO. Additionally, some seasoned RTS gamers (who can get past the more complex playability) think the franchise lacks/has always lacked a more finely-polished surface-level ""sex appeal,"" like that of its closest competitors, but I can assure you CtA looks great and is competitive with the most current game title's technology. CtA is definitely the sexiest looking, smoothest running, and most highly visually detailed MoW incarnation to date.I really do believe the mainstay of CtA’s detractors criticisms reflect the ""double-edged sword"" of RTSgaming; there is always gonna be a fine line between success and failure with these games when it comes down to how good an RTS game looks and how well it plays, CalltoArms excelles at both if your expectations are reasonable. Furthermore, it's relevant and necessary when considering CtA to also look back at it's predecessors for evidence of growth, and IMHO, the evidence of improvement in CtA is clear, and hopefully this will allow for greater mass-appeal. CtA is a very contemporary game, the atmosphere is relevant, the tech is modern, it’s faster paced than its ancestor games, it plays well, it is still loaded with options but not overwhelmingly so, it retains a modified version of the ‘direct-control’ feature so beloved of the MoWfranchise, and it is a very smooth looking game all around; so it’ll satisfy the small minority of hardcore MOW/RTS fans, as well as attract a wider fanbase who can adapt to it and appreciate its brilliant nuances."
76561198022301183,Recommended,302670,31527879,Posted: 3 May,all,strangelocoboy,Blablabla...free game... blablabla...everyone crying... Blablabla... :D Still a realy nice and smooth game. Love it
,Recommended,302670,19588411,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SSeveride,"This game gives you hours of fun! You control either US soldiers or grm soldiers, grm is Global Revolutionary Movement. You will have to control your soldiers movement and make sure they dont get ambushed. You can take control of one soldier or a vehicle in 3rd person control. Get a good tactic going and you will reck everyone!"
76561198071850302,Recommended,302670,23340042,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Vanplissken,"This game is a work in progress, but is all the things i enjoy in a MOW game. i would definetly buy it again!"
76561198084221913,Not Recommended,302670,23360835,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,GentlemenPasha,"I bought Call to Arms because of my satisfaction from the other games of this development company like Men of War series or Faces of war. But unfortunately, I am not happy with that decision. Because Call to Arms has optimization problems. There is no voice actor, the team uses ex games' character voices. There is a few type units in each factions (ony two factions!). Therefore Multiplayer is not enjoyable.I hope they can fix these several issues, maybe than I can revise my comments about the game."
76561197999399886,Recommended,302670,31549455,Posted: 4 May,all,winters310190,Brilliant game. STill come back to it. Always good laugh with friends. If you buy it then accept what you get today is what you get period. Seems to be very slow development with added transactions so wait until final release before purchasing season passes etc.Other than that a great fun game :)Your call :)
76561198104928414,Recommended,302670,30743804,Posted: 25 March,all,Desh,"A good game, if you're willing to buy it and overlook the negative reviews. It's honestly fine to me that the game goes F2P; I still play it and the community is good, that much is certain."
,Recommended,302670,32510540,Posted: 17 June,all,BigG,"Sooo Call to Arms...I bought this game back then when it still was costing something like 20-30 euros (i cant remember XD)and i enjoyed it.I played for hours with and against the A.I. even though it was still a bit buggy (there are still some minor bugs but all in all an enjoyable experience) and it was fun. I didnt mind that the A.I. only bought vehicles to let them camp there own spawn.Luckily the A.I. is now capable to use vehicles.Now this game is F2P and i still love it! Since its release the game has developed greatly! The devs added helicopter some more units fixed many bugs. The devs also listen and talk to the community,I would recommend this game, if you are still unsure just...doesnt matter the game is F2P now you can just play it and have a great time and maybe just maybe buy the full game."
76561198027786963,Recommended,302670,29579918,Posted: 29 January,all,Nosepckr,"This is my first review and its not exactly a game review but moreso for the strongest element of the game which is the game editor. This remains the singular reason for my purchase. The editor allows enough flexibility to craft a variety of scenarios / units / objects using a everything you see in the vanilla game. I started playing with MOWAS2 and was drawn more to the editor than the game. I think I have more hours within the editor than the game itself. Moving onto CTA was a simple progression to see how much more the game has developed and I consider it an endorsement of the developers behind the project. This is also the first Early Access game I've purchased (disclosure: I bought Battlefield 1 about 48 hrs to game release so I don't consider that)Negatives: For being the strongest element of the game, which is the editor there is an infuriating lack of official documentation on using it properly. I've watched enough sub-par Youtube videos and tried to reverse engineer maps to understand triggers / rands / zones etc. If there was an official documented guide to the editor, that would increase the ability for more people to create maps / missions and extend game life massively. My day job I handle business strategy and marketing for an entertainment company so this seems like an aspect that can increase customer adoption and visiblity. Truth be told, I want to develop a fully crafty scenario that requires no input from a player and to do everything I envision I need BETTER DOCUMENTATION. Also the AI can act a bit strangely but after playing you can understand the behavior enough to prepare for it.(damn, just found the part that tells me how many hours i put into each game...)"
76561198021270161,Recommended,302670,29490858,Posted: 25 January,all,nbelch14,If you have ever played Men Of War and thought this would be awesome with modren weapons and vehicles like I have.... Well here it is. This game is alot of fun I don't have a ton of time into it yet but the time I put in I enjoyed alot. There are bug's and the game still has some leap's to make before it's done. I think the worst problem I had so far is a tank got stuck trying to make a turn and it blew up because it got stuck lol. On a scale of 1 - 10 I would give it a 7.5 the only game I ever gave a 10 was Skyrim. There are alot of people Not Recomending this game because they say its to much money or that it has a season pass and extra content you have to pay for and all I can say to that is. Would you go to work for free? I understand alot of people also got screwed becase they bought the game some time ago and now its free and to that I understand the frustration its kinda like buying a game from steam then a week later seeing it 75% off. Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ timing I guess but know that your money went into making the game. All in All a great concept and Idea I cant wait to see it finished.
,Not Recommended,302670,25968354,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Vander,I have changed my review - Has improved a lot since I last played it. I may even recommend it later if they keep up the good work... This is starting to look less than a MoW mod and more like a game I can spend a few hours on tactically.
,Recommended,302670,19952584,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Muaath,Absolutely love the game it reminds me of my old history when RTS used to be a thing.- Solid game play mecaniques.- Absolutely astonishing animatio.- love the leveling system.
76561198120886355,Recommended,302670,25498556,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,nicchrosniak,"I had no problem playing this game about a year ago. It was great, but now there is this problem i've encountered. The game starts fine. it's when I want to play a custom or local skrimish game. When I load the game, it goes to 100% and then it doesn't do anythinng else. I wondered if it took more time to load than usual, so I let it sit. Came back around 5 minutes later and still didn't load. I was like ""ok"". So I went outside cut my entire lawn. which took about 2 1/2 hours. Came back still nothing. If anyone can help me that would be great. No I am not running any mods, and the game is up to date. I'm not very good with programming, so if thats what I'd have to do, I'm sure I'd mess it up more. Again if anyone could help, that would be great!"
76561198145492346,Not Recommended,302670,20273759,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pavlov,not what anyone was looking for
,Recommended,302670,23375428,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NateDogg,Really good game if you like RTS's.
,Recommended,302670,33106169,Posted: 1 July,all,fj0sok,The Beta stage shines through from time to time but otherwise it is a really enjoyable game so far. Mods working nice aswell.
76561198004311649,Recommended,302670,31893897,Posted: 21 May,all,Baneposting Fuckboi,"Terrific game that takes the already impressive Men of War game series in an unprecedented direction, adding new features such as first person view, thermal optics and night vision."
,Recommended,302670,32694975,Posted: 23 June,all,lancer,after playing for 100hours i feel like writing a review is possable after having hours of fun with this the new updates are great i mean since then i have played more then 30hours on it i feel who ever was waiting for it to get better well it just did so i think you should buy it!
76561198157330753,Recommended,302670,34615417,Posted: 30 August,all,holtbuskanders,Absolutely brilliant in coopThere are very few games i enjoy as much as this one in coop-mode.My goto-game is usually Arma but i feel this RTS/FPS combo is the perfect game when just looking for somthing quick and casual :)
,Not Recommended,302670,20107058,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Scaryspikes,"By the same people who brought us games like Men of War - this is a modern take on basically the same idea. That doesn't make it bad. However, because I have a certain opinion about early access games, I will be happy to follow it as it develops, but I don't think I'll shell out the cash until I see a finished product. Unfortunately these early access games are a trending issue that I believe shouldn't exist. Regardless of what you charge, I believe that you shouldn't, until the game is done. With that being said, it shows lots of promise, and if it's half as complex and interesting as the games that came before it, it should be a great title to look forward to."
76561198049741596,Recommended,302670,28737329,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SomeGuyNamedCharlie,"Looking at the popular reviews for this game, deciding that maybe it's time to buckle down and say something for good, an encompassing theme for this review, the tl;dr and everything and that is: CALM DOWN.Seriously, the devs didn't magically release games this quick, it's more or less the same pace they're keeping at as it was in the past. People complaining about the lack of content, I imagine that the devs will work hard to make that not a truth anymore.As for some of the other common complaints such as money greedy, their feedback isn't appreciated, etc. Yeah, the public responses and management isn't that great, yeah they're relying on dated principles that while they see as fair, others see as (magically) unfair, yeah they might be too selective with what they wanted to do and other times too eager to jump on a bandwagon, BUT THEY'RE TRYING.They're trying to find ways to reinnovate this game compared to its predecessors such as the third person direct control usage (which in my opinion with some polish possibly better than the previous system), make it easier for people to start into (which let's be honest, the Men of War series are brutal in that respect) all while maintaining a relative brutal level of combat that reflects some level of realism.Also, before anyone even bring up that I'm bashing other reviews, I'll say this about the game currently: It's a great amount of fun. The negative, popular reviews aren't even indicative of how fun this game is, how good it is, or whatever. All the negative reviews go on about is how it doesn't meet their apparently made up, presumptuous list of criterias.It's good that it's free to play, it's bad that the F2P people have to deal with units locked behind (manageable, coming from warframe) XP walls, the AI can use some polishing as well (but really now, people are complaining about OP infantry? It's just straight up RNG, representative of real warfare), campaign portion can use some polish (it's friggin early access, you expect a full product?), movement/cover system can be made smoother (I imagine that it's on the dev's list of what to do), season pass move is unexpected, but forunately for the time being (and hopefully kept that way without provarecation) only features 2 single player campaign portion more than the deluxe edition, the faction you can play in multiplayer (albiet locked behind XP wall, again).If the devs provarecate again, lying by omission, fine, I understand people getting angry. That should not significantly sully this game's reputation to the point that people know it as that one game that could've been good but too much DLCs however.People should read carefully into the devs words and act accordingly is what I'm trying to say. Everyone messes up, including *cough* the steam community *cough* so give everyone, including the devs, a fair break.Now, finally, with all the disclaimers out of the way let's get to the fun part.When I first played this game, only vehicle third person direct control was a thing. I thought it was pree cool actually compared to the other men of war series because it felt more in line with being a part of the vehicle. I mean the dev response to the implementation of that change wasn't perfect but I like how they did it. Just the wording was not the greatest.Then only recently I found out that infantry third/first person control was a thing. I have to admit, I thought it would fail due to the previous times I tried directly controlling men only to find out they can't strafe. I was pleasingly proven wrong as they implemented that and strafe peeking became a (really good) thing. It can use more polish, but hey, better than DayZ's polish. The only thing I don't like is how much harder it has become to determine where grenades will land, it was much nicer in the previous system but not being able to see intuitively and from a bird's eye view of where grenades will land while directly controlling (and cooking) a nade in third person was a given.As well, maybe the first few times this game will go relentless. As you get used to it however, you start to see reason as to why fights have been resolved in a certain manner. It starts to become less and less so on the RNG (although it's still a prevalent element of it).As for people complaining about how vehicles can get easy shredded... well welcome to Vietnam. Okay, that's an exaggeration, but the point is, is that due to the urban setting there are a lot of opportunities for infantrymen to set up a nasty ambush that can destroy vehicles. Some people may say that a certain vehicle they paid so much for shouldn't get blown up by an infantryman that's so cheap, but someone has to have a fallback plan to have a chance at staying in the game. While RTSes are generally enjoyed due to the feeling of power via tactical planning, attention and/or doing stuff, sometimes the poor guys got to be thrown a bone. Want an expensive vehicle to not get blown up? Use infantry to screen, be careful of your vehicle's placement, mind the traps and your vehicle will eventually shred through everything that it's supposed to, being well worth the investment.The UI change is appreciated too, not much more to say about it. Gives Call to Arm a little something to distinguish itself from its predecessor, as bloodborne is to dark souls.Marketplace? Well, that part's entirely optional and if there's a part of the dev team that can't find anything else to work on while waiting for the other features to be made, but want to do something, then sure, that ain't wasted time. Just like how the KF2 devs managed it.The campaign, while very rough and not user friendly enough imo as there isn't any tips that shows or any tutorials, it's at least something and I can forsee it being developed to something great. I finished the campaign as of this review, managing to get past the bugs (such as the vehicle magically being blown up in the first mission by machine gun fire) and being able to enjoy the game for what it's meant to be.The skirmishes, the games vs AI, I know, it feels like your♥♥♥♥♥is getting insanely kicked the first time you go at it. With some practice however, they are beatable, and on a very consistent basis. Just because one game didn't go your way doesn't mean the others won't.I haven't tried the multiplayer however, mainly because I'm quiet and there usually isn't too many people wanting to play multiplayer.So there you go. Negative aspects discussed, positive aspects discussed, take your pick. Since so many people apparently trust reviews from people with few hours played in this game just because they pick on business practices, why don't you trust this one? What makes those reviews somehow credible as if they're written by experts? If that's credible, then may as well mark other dubious reviews as trusted ones. Maybe I'm just a person who had enough of negative nancies in the modern world and writing this review to let off some steam, but hopefully someone can gain some insight from this."
,Recommended,302670,17577882,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Daniel,Friggin awesome.Similiar to assault squad 2 but in a modern setting. Firefighs are a lot more lethal.
76561198063604609,Not Recommended,302670,28117506,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bajorinas1321,greedy.
76561198112060311,Not Recommended,302670,28125647,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nomad,"not worth the 30 euro price tag it has at the moment, assault squad is better in my mind."
76561197972505566,Not Recommended,302670,28265204,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bandit McDougal,"I wanted to like this game, I've come back to it multiple times for about the last 18 mo.  Sadly, this is a pretty weak offering in the tactical RTS category.  All in all, a really disappointing game."
,Not Recommended,302670,32158321,Posted: 3 June,all,Jack Kellar,"Reskin of MOWAS.In fact, they've been reskining this game for over a decade, and people still buy it.Dont buy it. They are all reskins of the same game. Stop."
76561198165151965,Recommended,302670,17636126,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MrCombatknife,Great Game!!!
,Recommended,302670,30619522,Posted: 19 March,all,𝒴𝓊𝓂 ツ,Kinda like Men of war
76561198082647910,Not Recommended,302670,30002169,Posted: 17 February,all,Nozmoking,this game is ♥♥♥♥ up !!!!unresponsive move .. unbalance of power ...DONT BUY !!!  ...YOU CAN BUY THIS GAME ... WHEN THEY GIVE THIS FOR FREENote :its enough for me to buy from unknown game developer and publisher .. they suck !!!!
,Not Recommended,302670,20130426,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TheHonestJock,"The game as it stands is not worth buying, it shows true promise but is currently very unstable (about 3 CTD in 70 mins) and devoid of content. Refunded"
,Recommended,302670,20131927,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cripto,"Mow2 modern warfare mod, a little bit better, a little bit tighter, bit better running, and not a whole lot of content right now. Fun, low on content, and AI is really dumb"
76561198017014716,Not Recommended,302670,26765961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chameau,"I bought it at the early access when it first released and i waited, waited waited for a complete game. Then they made it a free to play. Then give my money back and make it free to play. They write a new post about "" you supported us blah blah"", ""empty servers are unfair blah blah"". If the servers are empty thats your marketing problem, thats your game development problem.Thats your EARLYYYYY ACCESSS PROBLEM. I'm playing other games of the same developer but i will think twice before buying any game from them."
76561198047621393,Recommended,302670,17698062,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Wolf8312,"Just looking at the user reviews on steam for this game and honestly it really disappointed me.I mean for God’s sake, buy a game in early access and then slam it with bad reviews because it’s got problems as if it’s already released?This isn’t Day Z -which after all this time rightly deserves to be panned- and it is very early days.If you don’t like the game when its released then fine but to nuke it in early access -when the whole concept is supposed to be for people who want to help the game and its developers- is just vicious.I got problems with the game too (please for the love of God don’t release with that same old crash) but I'm having so much fun I haven’t as of yet gone back to MOW Asss 2.I'm getting used to the 3rd person direct control, and I’m having so much fun with infantry squad based combat I couldn’t care less about being forced to 'lock units by level' anymore. Perhaps won’t be a good idea to release it with this locked permanently but being forced into a certain play style does actually give one a chance to see that the game can be played and enjoyed in more way than one.Love the way the game looks and feels, love the Arabian music, and really do have much higher hopes for this game even than when I bought it. Some of the battles I had today were thrilling. I used a method of winning that I don’t think I’ve ever used in the past fighting away from his flags and mine in a far off corner where he ended up bleeding his army white trying to dislodge me in an attempt to get access to my last remaining flag. All the while I was saving for mortars and keeping what few recon men I had down. The result when these tactics work out is encirclement and happiness!If this game was ever able to attain the success which we all know MOW has truly deserved then that would only be a great thing for us in the MOW community. Massive success will bring greater resources to the development team which would make an even better game now or in the future.Why can’t we get behind it and wait and see and save the thumbs down reviews until after it is released?Anyone should be able to see it is early days and already is looking very promising.Anyway I’m going to give it a positive review for now to balance things out a bit, and I hope that anyone who agrees with me on this and wants this game to do well will do the same. I really hope that finally this game will end up knocking COH of its undeserved perch.If I think the game stinks on release I will happily change this review of course and I really hope the famous crash will not be present."
,Recommended,302670,29483660,Posted: 25 January,all,Xecular,"Love to play games that waste a lot of your storage space only to not work? Then this is for you!After spending an hour  downloading the game I had to fix multiple errors with runtime caused by the game not installing the files needed to run with C++. After reinstalling the game AND all of my C++ redist packages I finally got the game to work, or at least I thought. When trying to join a game you will get multiple errors until the game crashes and you have to restart CTA. Overall, a decent looking game with horrible programming.UPDATE:I have gotten the game working finally, so I will now write the pros and the cons of this game (Not including the issues stated before). Note that the issues I stated before still happen.Pros:-Addicting-Fun-Good mechanics-Good quality gameplay (Amazing for a F2P game)-Not P2W-Playerbase is mostly experienced players-Not many raging five year olds-Runs on older computersCons:-The multiplayer playerbase is small and consists of about 150 players.-The editor is confusing-You can't use mods unless you buy the full game (I consider this a small con)-Common exploit players use that causes the enemy team to fire extremely slow and move slow. Makes it near impossible to beat your enemy and needs to be fixed ASAP.Overall it is an amazing game if you ignore the many annoying issues you have getting it to work"
76561198033056907,Not Recommended,302670,20405993,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ferretscout,"After spending many an hour on AS2 I brought this game with high hopes..... Unfortunately its failed to live up to any of them.Units locked until you ""rank up"", a campaign thats disintresting at best and a skirmish system that needs access to the internet to host a AI only match??They have taken features that worked in previous games and somehow managed to break them in this. Especially direct control, which now seems to be unable to fire more than a few metres in front regardless of where the mouse is pointing and an AI that is that stupid, that enemies can be stood next in front of them and theyll still ignore them....Atleast after all this they managed to fix the game breaking ""out of synch error"" on AS2 after endless complaints..I regret buying this almost as much as Cities XXL it really is a close thing.."
76561198018570960,Recommended,302670,31320465,Posted: 23 April,all,Stroggo,"I'm a fan of the MOW series and to be fair I was a bit worried that this game would fail in the same way Vietnam failed due to sloppy licensing to not so serious game studios.Beware though that Call to arms is developed by the same studio that brought us some of the best games in the franchise (MOW Assault squad 1+2) which raises my expectations on this release.Been playing a few hours on the open beta now and just purchased the deluxe edition.The visuals, the gameplay, the sounds, everything is improved. Strongly recommended foreveryone who enjoyed any of the previous MOW games and for any who likes tactical gameplay."
,Not Recommended,302670,22166446,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jackal,"Stay Away!Noted: This game is in Beta. But holy hell are the glitches and balancing just aboslute garbage.The Concept is fun.The Unit detailing is nice.The Gameplay mechanics are as you'd expect from a Men Of War style game, staying true to MoWAS2 Mechanics.The Balancing is garbage, it takes more than five 7.62 rounds from an AK to kill a US troop....Now i'm no professional but i'm pretty damn sure ceramic plating couldn't stop five 7.62 rounds from 5 feet away... And if by chance, IF, they so happen to be able to at times, there's no god damn way in hell that guy is getting back up, picking up his rifle, and pew pewing more bad guys.Honestly stay away from this game until it's either fully developped or they add balance to the game.And if for some god awful reason you decide to buy this game anyways... Never play GRM Online. You will be kneeled over and man handled."
76561198079220514,Recommended,302670,28857594,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sooper Fly Asian Guy,"So my friend and I played through the campaign and it turned out to be ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ It gave us 2 snipers to take out at least 50 infantry, 3 PKM technicals, and a few urals. We had to use a silenced pistol which had probably 1 mag or something, and we ended up getting to the objective only to find out they laid an ambush with 2 squads. I guess its cool becauase they set up ambushes but Im pretty sure its just the dumbass level development. The next mission gives you 2 strykers(1 MGS and 1 .50) against 14 vehicles and 50 infantry. 90% of the map is just a ♥♥♥♥ ton of trees that block all your shots and barely any cover for the U.S. except the GRM because why not. This really reminds me of a cheesy Bollywood movie with the amount of enemies you face and the amount of support you have. I mean the missions are really cool and all but the engine and the way theyre set up just dont allow it. Also sometimes the gunners on vics just stare at the enemy because technology? Multiplayer is cool I guess. Kinda fun with friends but boring asf by yourself. Half the lobbies though are just AFK hosts that dont start the games. Overall this game is good, just wait for the development and refinements on the campaign. Also, I bought all the DLC and♥♥♥♥♥♥and I wanted to know if theres a way I could♥♥♥♥♥♥on my friends in multiplayer with A10s and Apaches. 7/10.This could all change (hopefully) in the future with the full release."
,Recommended,302670,23368524,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,AlphaJohn,"Pros:The game is alot like MOW:AS & MOW:AS2Cons:The game is alot like MOW:AS & MOW:AS2For me, well worth it."
,Recommended,302670,28103113,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,TheUniT,"Be sure to click that grey rectangle above to view the review with nicer formatting.Decent and very fun game (as you can see from my playtime). I'll also try to explain all the negative reviews a bit.What I like:Attention to visual detail. Graphics and authenticity are great and performance has been improved a lot.There are plenty of new game mechanics that didn't exist in MoW games (some for obvious reasons). Some being third person and the new first person direct control of infantry and vehicles (which is still WIP and a bit clunky right now), giving the AI control of mounted guns while you control a vehicle, helicopters (new), night vision, thermal/FLIR vision, building fortifications, and some more.The campaign is fun too (a con will follow later)Mod support (con there too, though)The game is not a generic RTS. It's very unique. Can't say more about it because it is that advanced. For instance realistic/authentic vehicle damage, direct control feature, some unique modes, etc.What needs work:Campaign lacks a point and a story. You just do missions. Kill people. Die. That's it.The game does have quite some bugs, one that I noticed that is obstructing you a lot while playing (direct control sometimes conflicts with grenade throwing and it's hard to get out of that).The AI is quite dumb still (in a previous major update they've improved it a little).The animations need work too,and voices are currently placeholders from MoW.I think the biggest weakness of this game is the lack of content:As of now, there are only 2 factions, some modes and a few maps. Some maps are unfortunately limited to modes which is a shame.Modding is nice, but I think there aren't enough people that are actually modding.One plus is that all the factions that will be added through DLC will be playable for free, you just have to unlock them through progress. Buying the respective DLC will let you play everything that faction has to offer right away, including a campaign, which is a exclusive to buyers of this DLC. We'll have to see how that turns out, though.Recent negative reviews:Okay, many people reviewed the game negatively because they've paid for the game months ago and now it suddenly goes F2P. While I do understand all the negative reviews being dropped here because of the new F2P, Crate and DLC policy, you can see that many of these people who rated it badly have either not played it in a long time, or have not played it at all really.Most didn't even bother to read the devs' statement and information about the differences of F2P, payed, Deluxe and Season Pass versions of the game. They don't even care about it, so why bother reviewing,the worst part being that they reviewed it without informing themselves, without even having any knowledge as to why it went F2P and what pros and cons it brings with it. They just picked up that a game people paid for went F2P, not doing any further investigation on this.I do agree that this was quite a risky and from a customer's standpoint shady move, but people were complaining about how little the playerbase is, so they just extended it by making a free to play versionwhich only includes multiplayer and doesn't allow mods. I think this was actually a quite smart move because that way they extended the playerbase a lot so there are actually opponents and allies you can find. This topic is notthat extremely complex, but still too complex for me to bother mentioning any more of it here. Everyone has their own opinion after all, but I think you have to give credit where credit is due.If you want to know more about this, read their Fact Check article, it contains all the information about this strategy that you need. There are also plenty of posts about it on the game's forums."
,Not Recommended,302670,30759255,Posted: 26 March,all,Ip Man,Bought Season's Pass. Stuck on Deluxe. Developers don't believe me. What else?
,Recommended,302670,30114040,Posted: 22 February,all,Guardian1790,"I feel there is a need to defend this game from some of the unwarranted criticism due to it offering a free to play version.You know what the F2P version is?  Do you remember those discs you would get with StarCraft or World in Conflict that would allow your friend to install a copy of the game on their system, but wouldn't let them play the campaign or anthing, and was really just to play multiplayer?  Yeah, it's that.  It lets you play around with the game in a multiplayer/skirmish setting, but you are limited to that.The full version is everything the developers promised to their backers.  Take a look at this excerpt from an RPS interview in January of 2013:""RPS: So can you describe your plans for the game in some detail? What should players expect from it?Kramer: We’ve published a feature list on our website, but it really only represents the foundation we are building for launch. We will begin with two basic factions, i.e. the United States and the Global Revolutionary Movement, but we built the game to continuously add more units, varying factions and deeper scenarios.""What in there guarantees you that early access/crowd funding supporters will have access to any and all DLC for no extra cost?  What other games are you buying on EA or Kickstarter that offer that deal without it being expressly stated or as an additional tier/package you can buy?This game is exactly what I was expecting when I purchased it.  Taking the MoH:AS formula to the modern warfare setting.  It has the same depth as others in the series, and offers as much playability as them.  If you enjoyed MoH:AS(2), and you want to be able to use jets, helicopters, and all the cool high tech stuff from modern times, then this is what you are looking for.  End of story."
,Not Recommended,302670,22385192,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,"MSG ""Doc"" [1st SFG]","Call to Arms had me hyped for quite a while before its release, which led me to but the Deluxe Edition the day of its Early Access release. I've played a bit of multiplayer (when I could find someone else who was playing) and spent some time in the single-player missions. This game is an attempt at a modern Men Of War, and does it well in some areas, but not so well in others. So far the campaign is a bit lacking and is prone to bugs/glitches, and in my experience (although limited) the multiplayer does not run very well. My recommedation for the average Steam member is to wait until a final product is released with all of the issues ironed out. In its current state I can't in good conscience recommend this game.Final Verdict 6/10"
76561198175237763,Recommended,302670,29942805,Posted: 15 February,all,BOT Erik,"Sick game would be better if they added more factions and someone tell me is there air support in this game like helicopters and planes, otherwise great game had loads of fun playin. and the better thing is its free it like a free versions of Mowas 2 (except its modern day) Great game 9/10   *needs* *more* *maps* EDIT they added helicopters overall i would say 10 out of 10 the devs are really helpful and they keep on adding more things everyupdate."
,Not Recommended,302670,26763928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BroDator,F2P? I WANT REFUND IMMEDIATELY.
,Not Recommended,302670,30524810,Posted: 15 March,all,Clockwork,"*buys game to support devs**free 2 play**wants me to pay for season pass*Rip off scam. Not happy, games not even worth it anyway..."
,Not Recommended,302670,26748533,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The_MonkeyKing,why you do this
,Not Recommended,302670,30760766,Posted: 26 March,all,Crazycaptain,Paid full price.  Now free to play.
76561198036389100,Not Recommended,302670,34383031,Posted: 20 August,all,BagPiperGuy,"Updated it to add microtransactions then left the game as is, the devs seam to not care. I don't think I can recommend at the momeny."
76561198155497412,Recommended,302670,30228696,Posted: 27 February,all,Relins,I love this game so much its the new type of game frist shoter and strategy its brill i have plaed this game for hr's thank you so much for makeing this game i would highly recommend this game can belive some people dont like it
76561198030704557,Not Recommended,302670,30010687,Posted: 18 February,all,Valdek,"I've played almost every Men of War Series and this game has a decent similiarity to it, just a bit glitchy and unpolished, with much potential! Would be to the delight of RTS fans.However, to my horror, what i thought was payment for a full game has just turned into a free to play and one with a season pass. It is understood that developers have a livelihood but all i can say is that the early backers and supporters of the early access phase are now paying the price for the developer's poor planning. So much for the appreciation to the early backers. As wtih my experiences with other Early Access games, it usually pales in comparison to fully developed ones due to the incentive being given even before the job is done. Probably the first and last time i would buy from Digitalmindsoft."
,Recommended,302670,17650837,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ghost,Great game
76561198087158589,Not Recommended,302670,29024654,Posted: 4 January,all,Skorchmarc,"""Move along. Nothing to see here."" Says Apexal 10032 as he ties to hide the bitterness of the crushing betrayal that is F2P + DLC in his voice."
,Not Recommended,302670,31117980,Posted: 13 April,all,Shreddies,Payed for a game that in 2 years has imagined to achieve a free to play status. Will likely die here too. Do not buy. These developers havea history of being scummy.
76561198002611920,Not Recommended,302670,22354985,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hussar,"I like the idea of the game at first but lack meaningful updates and the small amount of content holds it back, it just dose not that much to keep you playing single player and the multiplayer community is sparse.The developers look to be relying on community made missions and content rather than providing their own and this leads to inconsistent quality at best.Creating and selling DLC, session passes, and deluxe editions of a game that is still in early access and unfinished is quite galling and certainly bad practice. It has obviously angered the fans who invested in the product. Many areas of the game that were original promised or hinted to be with the full game are now in an additional season pass and extra DLC's. GRM campaign especially is now costs extra. This is particularly problematic here with the limited amount of content on offer to start with.Its a shame, I liked the developers other games, but I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,302670,30136669,Posted: 24 February,all,Jord68,"Well I guess I'll be refunding this piece of crap when it leaves EA. I didn't pay for a F2P game, good job DEVS way to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your fan base."
,Not Recommended,302670,30016088,Posted: 18 February,all,Baker,"Do NOT buy!This game is in early access since ages, the actual release date was in november 2016, still..nothing. Instead developers are saying "" We won't release the game until it's free of bugs and failures "". Honestly, but the game is playable as it is, still..no release.I recommend to buy an other game. This is just pure scam. One of these forever early access games, the case in which devs use early access as a poor excuse to not be able to finish the game properly.I can not recommend this game at all. I wish I would have never wasted my money on it.PS: Please don't let the fanboy like community confuse you. This game simply isn't worth it. It's completely inactive in MP, and a SP campaign is almost not available."
76561198400356347,Recommended,302670,32828419,Posted: 26 June,all,Aman_Singh,"Mind blowing successor of the epic Men of War series! , loved it totally and looking forward to invest more in coming DLCs !"
,Not Recommended,302670,34313506,Posted: 17 August,all,✪ Kelso,"I got this game when it first came out, hoping that with the past games it would have good hopes going forward.  First thing i noticed when i started playing the game is that the game was basically Men Of War Assualt Squad 2.  When i say this i am refering to the fact that the icons of all units were from WW2, holding Kar98ks, mp40s, and such forth as that.  Same thing applys to the vehicles they were all tanks from WW2.  I like how it was modern day and seemed like it would have a promise when going forward adding planes and helicopters that actually work.  But as time went on the only cool thing that i saw was the first person part, and that was only for the tanks and snipers because it seemed cool and was actually fun to shoot in those view.  I stoped playing this game awhile back because it was so limited on content, and i had the campaign and such forth.  After giving the game awhile to update i started playing it again and when i started playing it i noticed that it was now Free to play the game when i had to pay to get the game, kinda ticked me off but i let it slide.  Once i started looking into all the stuff they added i noticed that they had added micro transactions, along with limits to what is allowed in the free version and the paid version.  Over all you might as well just get Men Of War Assualt Squad 2 at least in it with all the mods you can have modern day stuff along with star wars and other mods."
,Not Recommended,302670,20519357,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,1stUSSS(co.B)sgt.hall5660,"so after the update i have tried to play against the AI like i did before,and after kicking the random people that enter my SINGLE PLAYER match the game then crashes.It comes up with some long error message bannging on about muti player♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and all i want to do is smash the AI.I did like the small time that i played before the update now i just want reach in to steam and delete this game by repeatedly headbutting it to death."
76561198174635057,Not Recommended,302670,25359984,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,jnsaliman45,"Dont try it, not worth the effort or money"
,Not Recommended,302670,17786252,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Foghorn,Now I know I know this might not be the best review as I have only played this game for less than a hour.  But here is my reasoning for the the thumbs down.  (Please note this review is of the games current state right now)-  Now my biggest hate of this game comes from the amount of content in this game.  Now yes there is a editor and yes you can download maps off of steam  (Even though there isnt many).  And sure you can play multiplayer but its just not the same type of gameplay.  Now this content I am talking about is single player.  Little did I know you have to BUY the single player which is $15 dollars.  I wouldnt mind but $15 dollars for a single player campaign and a few extra goodies just isnt acceptable.  And I know its in earley access so not all the content isnt going to be in the game but no for the few missions of single player you have to BUY it.  I wouldnt mind but this game is in earley access and already there is DLC just to play a part of the game that shouldve been included with the full game in the first place.  Other than that the game is very fun and if you dont need a single player campaign and just want to 1v1 against AI or play against other people then that is fine and I recommend the game but if you are more of a single player guy than you will be disappointed.-  Note this review is of August 29 2015 and things might change.
76561197993065396,Not Recommended,302670,29457168,Posted: 23 January,all,venusius,This should've been just a mod. I paid for something I thought would be an improvement of MOWAS2. Lazy developers.
76561198095130842,Not Recommended,302670,30797433,Posted: 28 March,all,Evill-john,"As a fan of man of war series, I paid full price for this game  and deluxe edition when it first come out last year . But why this game become a ♥♥♥♥ing free to play game. what a fraud!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198251284884,Not Recommended,302670,31103578,Posted: 12 April,all,dingleberry bagstock,"I purchased this? nows it free and no apolgies or any substantial bonus for supporting you early on? oh and you are now charging for a season pass for more factions, thats like buying men of war 2 at £30 and then charging me another £20-30 to unlock germany and japan...I'm all for supporting early access if you dont decide to enter us with your preverbial johnson.Could i have my money back please or have you spent it all?"
76561198064263845,Not Recommended,302670,30714355,Posted: 24 March,all,ahmed (AG),"i remember how i spent full price for this game and wasted 18 of my very sort time period of my life that i have avalibe, thank you for making this a F2P game and not refund nor work on the game. oh get this i didnt get a refund nor any advantige for helping buy the ACC pass"
,Recommended,302670,17463844,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Blackwater,"Pretty much a modern expansion for Men of Honor franchise. My thoughs? I like it. End of story. At this point it is lacking content due to the fact it is early release access, but I know that content will come. I am looking forward to the campaign"
76561198275143377,Not Recommended,302670,21090188,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,colteng43,"so far in tis alpha state, it sucks. singleplayer is bugged to hell and even onlow settings, the game says reducing rendering to improve performance. WTF the rendering sucks as it is. thank god i got this game on sale for cheap cause it is not f***ing worth $20!"
76561198137831726,Not Recommended,302670,19352589,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HUSKY™,"Well to be honest i was expecting more from this project or game however you call it, Great idea for great game but still needs some more work to make it just perfect i cant wait for more updates and more players on multiplayer mode, afterall i cant also stop playing hmmm that must be something good then (still light in tunnel for this idea)"
,Recommended,302670,17387778,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,D-Duck,i love the men of war series!!! very nice gameplay en units!! i looking forward for the next units!
,Recommended,302670,17700461,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Scryetzk,"--- It's imperative for you to read this review fully if you wish to understand the negative ratings and state of the game. I'll try to be as concise as possible. ---Call to Arms (will be abbreviated C2A for future reference) is a real-time tactics game based in the modern era of warfare. Players (currently) take control of two factions, the US and the Global Revolutionary Movement, or GRM, who are reminiscient of various militant groups in the Middle East. The game is currently in a stable early alpha.Veterans of the Men of War series will be familiar with the controls and layout, as they are very similar. To newcomers of the franchise, however, it may take some time to get acquainted.---------Do keep in mind, this is early alpha. Virtually all content is subject to change and many things are missing. Any points suffixed with ""(EA)"" should be noted as common issues with early development games and not typically representative of what the finished game will be like.Pros;- excellent stability for an early alpha. MoW's engine has been much improved and runs much smoother.- very nice graphics- regular updates- already a large Workshop presence- acceptable troop balance- vanilla multiplayer maps are quite fun- multiplayer AI are actually quite challengingCons;- small selection of multiplayer maps (EA)- multiplayer unit lock (I'll come back to this)- only light vehicles to choose from, few units in general (EA)- MoW's signature direct control mode is broken (I'll come back to this)- current singleplayer missions are deluxe-owners only (EA)---------Regarding multiplayer unit lock; currently, 8 units are locked by multiplayer ""rank"" for each faction. These are the 3 top tier infantry squads, the 3 top tier specialist squads, and the top two light vehicles. (For the US, in order, those would be Marines, Rangers, SEALs, Grenadier Team, Marksmen, Heavy Snipers, the M2HB humvee and the MK19 humvee. For the GRM, in order, it would be Guards, Pasdaran, Assassins, Shotgun Team, Rifle Squad, Heavy AT team, the Kord Technical and the SPG Technical.)This is a non-issue for multiple reasons. Namely, none of these units are necessary to compete or win in multiplayer. While they certainly are a great help, it's far from impossible to win without using them.Another reason is the ease in unlocking them; not only can you rank up without having to engage in PVP thanks to AI, the amount of time it takes to unlock them is extremely short. You can get the 3 top tier infantry as well as the two top tier light vehicles by level 9. Playing at 50% exp gain, that took me roughly 10 games.Finally, ranking up isn't necessary if you would rather not; there is a Workshop mod that disabled the unit locks if you so choose.On top of all of that, this system is subject to change and may be removed by the time the game releases.Whining about this point in the reviews is simply complaining about the lack of convenience and ease, honestly.---Direct control is the major point most negative reviews cite. Previously, it allowed you to take control of any unit directly with a free cam. However, in C2A, this feature has been changed, fixing the camera in a third person position just above and behind vehicles and infantry (when using the toggle button, E). For infantry, you can circumvent this issue by holding control, which allows you to move the camera where you please.Admittedly, I am not a fan of this new camera. In my opinion, while it certainly looks nice, it causes aiming issues for vehicles. However, it is far from a deal breaker and like many things, is subject to change.---------In closing, Call to Arms is an excellent game and a fresh take on the MoW franchise. Currently, though, players and prospective buyers should note that this early alpha game is far from finished and may have less than desirable features. Additionally, the most can only be gotten out of it currently with a friend or two to play multiplayer with.Recommendation?: If you previously played any MoW title, are an RTT/RTS junkie or don't mind testing early alpha games, I would highly suggest this game. If you hav $20,00 to spend, I would buy this."
,Recommended,302670,17387091,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Turbo Autism,"The game has had it's ups and downs, I can spend so much time in the games editor and just playing multiplayer with a group of friends against ai. If you are in to RTS but you don't like base building, this is the game for you. Cap flags/points, earn spending points, buy new units to send to their iminate death! I think the game is finally through it's worst part, the developers are sometimes slow but when that update finally comes, it hits hard and hits well. I've been following these guys for a while now and there is one thing you must have when following devs like these, which is patience. Patience is what almost everyone requires, but doesn't have. People stopped being patient, started being greedy, and think about themselves instead of the devs and the game. Don't get this game if you don't like a good time consuming RTS, and don't follow the devs if you don't have the patience.My view on this game is pointed towards the devs, it's pointed towards the game and the game only. This game is a solid 8/10, I rarely find bugs and glitches, and they are never game breaking. The reason I rate 8/10 is because I can't describe how many times I've broken a mouse over a tank or truck tapping into an object and go full ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ing fly to the moon only for it to land on its back and be useless. It hasn't so much lately, but I still find time to time a humvee slowly hitting a barricade and then procede to sink into the ground. Not really the devs fault, so much it is the engine."
,Recommended,302670,17356129,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Call To Arms is a advanced strategy singleplayer-multiplayer game , where you play as two different countrys, and doing objectives in dozen firearms in a 3rd person action mode.The games offers, Domination, Last Man standing and cooperative. The game as a very open-mindet structure of units. If you have a group on etc. 8 marine squards, then you can click individually and move them arround. This gets really handy where other strategy games doesn't allow such a open mindet feature, where you get the feeling of having 100% control of the situation (even if you lose). The game also have alot of torturials for the different part and tactic of the game, if the individually player get's lost. I have to say, that i didn't do any torturial and just jumped into it where they have designed the game to get a quick overview of the game. Sadly, this game does not offer any kind of singleplayer yet.If you like advanced, moderen strategy games in 3rd person, with heavy units either agens AI or online players, then this game is for you.Here is a demo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4Tgk_rGWmk&index=1&list=PLxDx_O1l8oBt0tTTjM8FsIroF7NAQTyr_"
76561198134153970,Recommended,302670,17365403,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Commando TC,I dont't know if its just me but i don't have the singleplayer optionCan some one help?i like the multiplayer though
,Recommended,302670,17391287,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[2/3MRD] GODZILLA,Vary cool game and it loud when they battle
76561198042278666,Recommended,302670,17383162,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Feldwebel44,"I blew up a donkey for no reason! Most realistic RTS ever! But seriously it's a good game, worth $20.  I think to the MOD possibilities in the future will make this game epic."
76561198066579931,Recommended,302670,17385469,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Dice,Add the British!
76561198082798639,Recommended,302670,17392747,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,the medic who never heals you,"its a really good game idea , very good design so far , i played the single-player and it had a very good idea to it, really needs some tweaking , i hope to see a true 3rd person design rather than an almost top-down kind of of 3rd person"
,Recommended,302670,17456863,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Idioteque126678,"A very promising Early Access game. Call to Arms (CtA) feels a lot like a more improvised AS2 as of now, and seems to be more focused on infantry-based combat, completely changing up AS2 gameplay.More chanthe inventory system has changed quite a bit, and is easier to use. The sounds have improved greatly and I've noticed important graphical changes that really stand out to me, such as different/advanced textures, bullet/explosion effects and such.So far, Call to Arms really sticks out to be a possible successor to AS2, and I believe it definitley deserves some investment."
,Recommended,302670,17528806,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ititan,"Still in alpha, expect bugs. Workshop is already filling up with great addons and it's super fun. Yes, its a MOW 2 reskin, but they need to build it off of somewhere, right?"
76561198029045595,Recommended,302670,17541224,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Eh Buddah,"has the same quick combat gameplay that I would expect from the Men of War team.Pros:Editor, Try it out its atleast 100-150 hours of funCo-op Missions, super fun to play with friends.Bots in multiplayerand many others.cons:Buggy, but its an alpha so is to be expectedstill in alpha and there is already DLC (the ultimate sin)made up factions, i personally want there to be only real life factions. No more made up factions it ruins imersion in  my opinion.all and all i expect great things from this team and this game and cant wait to see what this game becomes in the future, and the mods from people like sir hinkel and others to make this game just as great as AS2."
76561198023332406,Recommended,302670,17310519,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,realtimes,"Excellent phsyics, graphics and general gameplay. The guys have done an outstanding job."
76561198074626791,Recommended,302670,17562092,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vulcan Raven,Very good game fun and is still missing some content but the devs are still working to give us a better experience. its worth it at full price and if u find it during a sale even better
76561198036985652,Recommended,302670,19841627,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[5thGA] Joseph,"Its Basicly a bit cooler Men of War, but it is modern. I just wish they added more nations and weapons"
,Recommended,302670,22147205,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Marki,Its fun i think that the game is going to be the best in 1 or 2 years buy it while its on sale its good to have it you never know when this game will blow up
76561198104659794,Recommended,302670,17733564,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,chop the dude,If you like Men of War this game is for you. For me its a pretty challenging game (IF you play against a very good player or play on the manliest difficulty) I love the modern day combat I hope that in the future there will be more playable factions (I REALLY WANT A LEOPARD 2!!!!!!) I didn't notice any bugs when playing (cept that the game was telling me that the BMP T80 and abrams main gun is a kwk 43 88 and the  fact that 1 of the US AT rockets sucked d**k it bounced off the side of a BMP an I was like wah). It kind sucks that you have to pay extra to play the single player but they said when its finished it will be available to every one. You can also play skirmish against the AI now which you can't do in Assault Squad 2 unless you got mods so thats nice but I had a great time playing the game and look forward to future content (leopard 2? germans? plzzz??)
,Recommended,302670,19456446,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bob the builder,"i know this game is in early access and while it is in early access,please add more contries to play in,add more tanks,more vehicle and planes to skirmish and campaign.i hope the game developer or the owner reads this because i wish and hope you guys can do this to the game........and while doing this,it will improve the game,more people will buy this game,more people will recommend this game and less people will put comments to not buy this gamethank youyour sincerely,mr poopsie123"
76561198147547221,Recommended,302670,17968372,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Fish pond [1 RAR],"Absoluetly love it, worth every cent although its got a few bugs.For me its a must buy if  you likd  any of  the  assualt squads."
76561198009568059,Recommended,302670,18396861,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SupMilo,"Same Engine as all the other 1C games (Men of War, Faces of War, e.g.). Who liked the other ones will like this one too.Plus the great oppertunity to fight A++ orgininal US verhicles. The feel of the HMMWVs 50.cal feels great.The game feels a lot more tactical and is in my feel a little more fast paced than the games before.Anyone who liked the games before will love it. Anyone who enjoys modern era combat will have great fun with this game when its finished.I only hope that more units will come, f.e. Apaches, Blackhawks and so on. I am also afraid of the DLC politics. Right now, in order to play Singleplayer missions you need to buy the DLCs. Thats a no-go.Still hope the end result will improve. Worth buying right now for its relativly low price ;)"
76561198027757922,Recommended,302670,19787232,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all, Hugo ,"This game is just a major yes. I completly love this game. People might complain its the same as Men of War except with modern units, but if you look closely, you can see that there's quite a new features, also this game is still in development. So far so good. I recommend it."
,Recommended,302670,18361523,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CaptainDayton,G ame is very fun. And made alot of my dreams come true. Ill recommand everyone who dose not like the game just dont act like a 2 year old and cry your little♥♥♥♥♥off and then write a false review. Special if you have under 10 hours into the game. Just simple...just wait untill the game is done. Also note this game is not a F2p. The f2p version only allows you to play the editor and multiplayer. You wont be able to get mods and the missions. You will be missing out on a lot. So the reviews saying that they were scamed. But I will agree i dont care how much you say it devs. You should not have a seasones pass and deluxe♥♥♥♥♥♥for players. Since this game is still in beta there should not have that sh!t in this game. I know you need money to make the game but come on. But still remeaber this game is still in beta and has a long way to inprove to dont give up on it.i PLAYED A FEW MINS OF IT. ITS OK
,Recommended,302670,32352121,Posted: 11 June,all,delta7532,I highly recommend this because the game has good graphics even if your graphics card is bad and it still runs very well even on an old windows 8 computer.
,Recommended,302670,32500554,Posted: 17 June,all,*IC* Smiledozer,"Game is fun if you like men of war. It's not much different besides having a modern military. I enjoyed the USA campaign (the only singleplayer that exists currently).It's free to play online multiplayer, expensive as hell to play singleplayer.That said here's my DLC complaints....Deluxe Edition upgrade store page claims it contains a singleplayer campaign that isn't there yet. Would have had to look at the dev's chart or the Season Pass page to realize NO DLC will be released for a while. Even the one that the Deluxe page claims it has.Paid $30 for one singleplayer campaign i beat in two days. Paid $15 more for smiley faces and imaginary cases.Hurry up with your DLC PLEASE. I've seen claims devs havent done much within the past year. This is Battle of Empires all over again."
76561198066047453,Recommended,302670,32517350,Posted: 17 June,all,Frey the Froggo,"I got this game a while ago and thought today's the day I'd give it a real play. Before I had read some reviews about the ai and the difficulty. Thinking ""I play rts and strategy games all the time, how bad is it really?"" Today I also learned this game has mods, like for WW2 and a Star Wars one is getting updated on the next game update. I found it funny how with the success of Battlefield 1 there wasn't some WW1 mods. Then I launched a game against some ai, and realized why: As soon as you and your allies start popping off shots at the enemy, a very defined line forms, and everywhere between becomes no-mans land. I send 5 Abrams to get rid of some machine gun trucks and push forward. Thankfully my ai allies are compitent enough to take advantage of the progress. Then 3 minutes later they all get massacred by a couple of infantry squads and the lines form up again. I actually count this as a plus because I like having to fight tooth and nail for every inch of land, but I don't like b.s overpowered ai. I move up a heavy sniper team to the frontlines and I personally start lining up headshots against the ai out in the open. Normally I'd say I just missed in these situations but after 3 shots to the head coupled with blood spurts and the target has enough brain left to take cover? Or when 2 squads of seals in cover get dessimated by a lone squad that happened to bum rush? Okay so I finally take a point and have my men hunker down. At that point just forget them. Yes they take out squads easy but if you move them up, they get slaughtered, if you move back you lose the point and the position. The enemy ai is unconsistantly overpowered. This is on normal. One thing that you probably figured out: You can control your units, and the control is VERY strange. The controls definitely take some getting use to and aiming is a struggle. I must admit though, it can be funny at some points. I sent some apcs to help another sniper team capture a point. I take control to try and take some out myself when out of nowhere my apcs barge through the trees and just wreck havoc. I swore I heard the Team America theme song in the background. All in all, I'd give it a 6/10. Expect to be somewhat entertained, but not a fair fight."
,Recommended,302670,28153938,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Moon Man,if you like men of war you will like this game
76561198098765153,Recommended,302670,32414738,Posted: 14 June,all,Thejoelanator,"it is cool to play but it would be coller with more factionshere are some factions i would like to see in future:Russia, China, Commonwealth, Germans, Isis(no offence i just think it would fit), Pakistan, the SAS(since i like them and would fit with a airplane map and would fit with the Isis faction if made) and police forceand these are some map ideas:A airplane, A cargo ship, Jail(for a jailed riot or break), And a city which is in a heavy war zone"
76561198341093547,Recommended,302670,32181111,Posted: 4 June,all,LCIDK,Good but it's somewhat stale.
76561197965074200,Recommended,302670,23281722,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,71st_AH_Mastiff,"very reminiscent of Combat Mission play ground; love it, with today's newest GPU's we should get more realistic distances and ranges on weapons & larger maps. having great fun not only with the vanilla version; but also some great mod work! Highly recommend this, to get your explosions and carnage fix in!"
76561198095851485,Recommended,302670,29629600,Posted: 1 February,all,[FFF]Azrael,"If you look for a RTS game with certain fun and don't have money,play this game.If you have the money and wants some modern warfare RTS?Play this game,but don't buy.The game is good in many ways,it's fun,it's fun, and it's F2p.But when it comes to""hey I wanna buy delux or ultimate""DO NOT DO IT.YOU ARE TELLING THE DEVELOPERS TO BE LAZY.Really.This game has a good quality(in some ways)BUT THE DEVELOPERS WENT TOO FAR ON GETTING MONEY.Why I play this game is because of it's being the best modern warfare RTS I found plus F2P.It's a nice tool to misguide some FPS player to RTS fans with ""hey try pressing E o direct controll""Overall I enjoyed the game,It's a good game made by some rotten developers.We can't judge a game because of it's developers."
76561198021135420,Recommended,302670,17558738,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,DJ Khaled aka China,The only thing I am really not liking at this time is no medics. You are losing an outragous amount of infantry due to a rocket landing near them then they start to bleed out and you have no medic to go and revive them.
76561198157236886,Recommended,302670,31266419,Posted: 20 April,all,Zdovaking,this is agreat game so far keep up the good work and all those haters dont even know what thier saying and cant see a good game.
76561198064490902,Not Recommended,302670,30950807,Posted: 4 April,all,Glory To Kekistan,"Was actually good when you were able to pay for the game like i did, it now looks like its going to die before leaving early access. They had the right idea for these kind of games when they made men of war, now they've just ruined it."
76561198119580685,Recommended,302670,33115021,Posted: 1 July,all,jeffypop78,this game is fun to play it is like men of war but not back in time
76561198196761978,Recommended,302670,34033527,Posted: 5 August,all,Morning Asia,awesome game
,Recommended,302670,28777816,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,WAFI,u know that's game so amazing but season pass make a suck
,Recommended,302670,28163709,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FastFloatyTub,"Great game! Nicely polished. Gameplay is a lot of fun.Lots of unit to use, and more coming soon!You do need to have some experience with this game before you'll get good at it.Also very nice devs. They're very active and a blast to talk to.Recommend the game to everyone who loves a good RTS."
,Recommended,302670,30103690,Posted: 22 February,all,~|Sidu_AKA_Baka|~,"Serio ku rwa singeplayer kosztuje i to 30 euro ich pojebało 5 zrozumiem ale 30 za co♥♥♥♥♥♥♥przegieli z ceną i nie ma się co dziwić ze (mixed) gra ma problem z ruchem pojazdów tz zaznaczasz transporter to on sie ku rwa jakoś dziwnie cofa druga sprawa słaba optymalizacja trzy ustawienia graficzne opcja (custom) ta wszystko  ładnie ale nie możesz zmienic msaa co mocno żre fps i rozdzielczość to swoją drogą według mnie takie 4/10 bo jest tylko multi to troche ssie a i dużo pojazdów brakuje jak helikoptery odrzutowce działa i inne zabawki powiem żę zadużo wymagają za mało dają ale z tego co wiem po kupieniu gry mamy ukochanego w strategiach sandboxa + MODY np.starwarsy,maus-taki czołg, i inne żeczy pograłem około 12 h i nie zmarnowane lecz gra ma problem z stabilnością na 50fps widziałem lagi ruch żołnieży też taki marny ale można sobie z tym poradzić da się przyzwyczaić ja czekam na niższą cene ({STAŁĄ NIE 30 euro np 5 max 7}] ogólnie gra nadrabia klimatem i rozgrywką można sterować wszystkim czołgiem żołnierzem itd. Powiem tak Warto pobrać zagrać i wtedy zdecydować na zakup lub poczekać na  steam sale lub wejsc na strone z kulczami PozdrawiamZANIM KUPISZ POBIERZ BO JAK MASZ WIĘCEJ NIZ 2 H PRZEGRANE TO NIE PRZYJMUJĄ ZWROTÓW POZDR"
,Recommended,302670,17510596,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,'Chills,very fun and definitely worth the £23 I spent on the deluxe edition.
,Not Recommended,302670,30768690,Posted: 27 March,all,Steven,"What in the HELL HAPPENED to this game? I thought this was Men of Modern War 2: Iraqi Freedom. Apparently now it's some crummy free2play with a season pass, DLC, and ""items"" available for cash-money?What...?"
,Not Recommended,302670,32117430,Posted: 1 June,all,Gamboh,"This game is absolute tripe. Every single feature is a huge pain to use, the graphics and presentation are garbage, and the controls are awful. If this is the best I can expect from this company, then I will never buy another of their products again. Complete waste of time and money."
,Recommended,302670,17442217,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,✪ P r o v o,"yes, game editor included"
76561198050168759,Not Recommended,302670,18093536,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Katyusha,Feels more like a mod. not worth spending the money
76561198024300555,Recommended,302670,19065520,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Raj,I really like this game after playing complete mission but sometime crashes.
76561197990448244,Recommended,302670,19957855,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,=VG= kiwirambob/killabot,Would luv to see more multi player coop missions & single player missions .. In all outstanding work Digitalmindsoft as always
76561198022561209,Recommended,302670,26743838,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,tom_trottel,"This game has the potential to be a worthy, faster predecessor of MoW.Be happy that there is a free version, cause it will attact more people to play this in a overcrowed market."
76561198116990773,Not Recommended,302670,26749044,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,lyingchristiaan,if you know men of war assault squad 2 this is that but then modern. if i was you and you got the game (mowas 2) then i would reccomend to get a modern mod for that game like red rising or something like that. this is basically just a mod for mowas 2 but then cost money.
76561198079356043,Not Recommended,302670,28169350,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RPGMagnet,Goes free-to-play after you bought it... SCAM!
,Recommended,302670,29451432,Posted: 23 January,all,josephgillilan7,its a fun rts easy to under stand but there are some glitches every now and then but rare.
,Not Recommended,302670,27757389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chewitt,"Furious that I payed money for this and now you release F2P.  I only bought C2A for the multiplayer, exactly the same reason I have MOWAS2, for the multiplayer, you should be offering free upgrades to deluxe for the people that bought the standard addition and quite frankly got ripped off.On top of that the game play is stupid now.  One guy tearing apart a humvee with his AK?  Yeah sound mate.   The FPS mode is horrible and the gameplay is crap.How this game came from MOWAS I will never know.  Wigga would be better releasing his mods as a full game."
76561198245679842,Recommended,302670,30250723,Posted: 28 February,all,nathanwhb13,its a good game
76561198036517848,Recommended,302670,31894278,Posted: 21 May,all,kgp227,"Excellent game in my opinion, well worth the money. The ability to micromanage the units in first person is a great workaround for the retardisms of the ai pathfinding. That plus the destructible environments makes it seem like men of war and battlefield had an asschild together, and this game was that asschild. 10/10"
76561198007074319,Recommended,302670,29609356,Posted: 31 January,all,markk1975,"I am a big Men of war assult squad 2 fan love to play it, this is that with a better ability to take control of a tank or person.  Not a fan of the modern war, world war two all the way.  I will play both MAW for the WW2 and this for the ability the play as the players easier.  I only play in the editor, love making up my own battles.  Have fun, cannot go wrong with free also."
,Not Recommended,302670,28784762,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,super_soldier50 Plays,Well lets see u can play this game for a while until mods and until u cant lauch your game at all because of the resource.pak this is why im disliking this game for now.
76561198107097396,Not Recommended,302670,17307577,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lucas567,It was kind of fun but lacks any real content. 20$ for a demo is how I looked at it. I'll check back in a few updates.
,Not Recommended,302670,28295541,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"It's a somewhat good game, but it lacks in content, now the game's a free to play game, it has microtransactions and all the crap in it, the game is still in early access and it now has a season pass, the season pass is overpriced, it only adds 3 factions and a few things that should already be in-game.All I can say is to stay away from this greedy cow-milking developer.Just stay away or wait for a really big sale once everything will be out, or it will probably cost you a lot for a game that is really weak on content.It could be a good game if they would add the content that we were supposed to get for free, more factions, more map, no in-app purchases, no bull****, a better AI, and the stuff that matters, but no, they went the incompetent ""we need your money, **** you and **** what you think, we're masters at developing games (fact: it's false) so we should get even more money"" way.3/10 for how the game went and for the lack of content.The game itself is fine, but it lacks in content, even if you add the season pass to it, it would still be lacking."
76561198000269582,Not Recommended,302670,28706283,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ghost,Just another greedy lying theives.
76561198007201349,Not Recommended,302670,29287968,Posted: 15 January,all,ALLAHU AKBAR,F2P and DLC. This game hasn't even made it out of early access and they are milking their customers. The game is buggy and the gameplay is bad. Completely ruined experience. Assault Squad was good but this is total garbage.
76561198121524844,Recommended,302670,22159873,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SuperFireFight,"For being an early access game, it dont have as many bugs as most. Ya there are times where soldiers appear then disapear, but again for early access this game is amazing, it has the men of war style fans like, yet the modern era battlefield."
76561198217499257,Not Recommended,302670,25116333,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,navyseal108436,I cant believe i got this game. When i try to play it does not work and no on told me i could refund a game so i waste 30$ on a dumbass game that doesnt even work!!
76561198027506002,Recommended,302670,25444612,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BlackHawk,"I like the game a lot, however how in the world does the AI always get extra troops to start off with?? Anytime I play on normal or hard the AI weather their on my team or not starts off with two or three extra garrisons"
76561198135791539,Not Recommended,302670,26039524,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kami,"Our AI is really supid which want shoot enemy in common cars, then they will got  crushed.Lots of physical problems which can eassily explode your vehicle."
76561198068159072,Not Recommended,302670,28496677,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Narcissistic Red,"As another user has already said and i shall quote him, ""Wow, this turd is STILL in early access AND they made it free to play so it's a giant middle finger for those of us who paid full price for it. Pitiful stuff.""   This game is compleat SH** i paid full price for this game and the DEV go and release it for free...FU*K YOU Devs"
76561198006839949,Recommended,302670,28726048,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mogendo,"A vast improvement on the Men of war titles, the multiple squad choices to deploy bring a very tactical element to the battles. Positioning is also essential to squad effectiveness and survivability. I would recommend this without hesitation to anyone wanting an intense tactical game."
,Recommended,302670,29088863,Posted: 7 January,all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Call to Arms,Is a type of game that uses the same engine as the regular Men of war franchise, but doesn't try to be just a mod.With that out of the way it's more easy enjoy the game as it is.The major problem with call to Arms is, like I already mentioned, that people comare it to Men of War games. Well, I can understand that, but it's just that Call to Arms isn't trying to be Men of War.Yes, true, many things are the same; like the selection of units and how you order new assets, but strategy wise it's an almost entire new game.If you like arcade like, semi strategic games, than Call to Arms might be your thing. Otherwise, if you're a hardcore fan of the Men of War games.. well, give it a try, but you'll probably feel smacked in the face.For me it's a thumbs up for now, but only because I think the game can become better and because the ingame store isn't a must do. You don't have to use it to play and enjoy the game.But to be honest, the current state of the game is far from finished and it really feels more like a mod for Men of War than a standalone game.Biggest issue is with the third person action cam. It looks okay, seems to react okay, but it also makes your unit a wandering piece of cannon fodder.Maybe, for smaller missions it's nice, but not for large scale battlefields."
,Recommended,302670,17384163,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,raptor4242,"So far I've really enjoyed the game. I can't wait to see what it is like when it is completed. It should become more interesting once they add vehicles to multiplayer. If you you are craving for some more vehicle based combat, then I recommend getting the current SirHinkel mod availble on the work shop. It's currently only one very well made mission, but   more misssions will be added in the future."
76561198041318666,Recommended,302670,27404288,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Taniwha,So.....some bad reviews lately...blah...blah....blah.None of them are about the one thing that actually matters: THE GAME !I've played over 300 hours in this game and I freakin love it.Can I establish a Support by Fire position and destroy the enemy with armour - YES.Can I outflank the enemy with infantry and seize ground - YES.Can I blind the enemy with smoke in order to out manoeuvre him - YES.Can I use indirect fire to suppress the enemy in order to close with him - YES.Is the game constantly evolving in response to player requests - YES.Do the Devs appear in-game and are they approachable - YES.Get it - Play it -Love it.
76561197999416881,Recommended,302670,28837667,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Apocalypse,"Just like the Men of War series, but with some significant improvements to direct control and graphics.The new first and third person controls are amazing. The camera is now tethered to the unit you are directly controlling, and players can easily switch between weapons. For infantry, the movement is still a little sluggish, but players are able to use weapon sights to engage; a huge improvement.Night vision and thermal optics for certain vehicles. Still somewhat gamey, in that thermals have a limited use timer, with a cool down, but a step in the right direction. Hopefully, the developers will reconsider.The new depth of field really makes the game shine, and is a much welcomed addition to the graphics.A few things I hope the developers can look at alterting:1 - Weapon accuracy - Tanks shouldnt have as much dispersion on their main gun as they do in game. Compared to real life equipment, in game equipment is wildly inaccurate. This a far cry from modern equivalents.2. Weapon reload times (tank main gun) are entirely too long. The US standard is 6 seconds to reload a tank round, and the autoloader on the T-80/90/72 is 9 seconds."
,Recommended,302670,33166189,Posted: 2 July,all,Hammer Smashed Face,I have been a fan of Men of war since it came out. I got all the other Men of war games. I love them alot differant then any rts ive played.I was worried about Call to arms when I first seen it. Now the state its in is very good. First person\ third person Is preetty good for an RTS game! I hope they can make it even better.2 New factions coming!Awesome mods! Thanks devs for making the game modable!I hope this game does really well for you and I hope more Men of war like games will come in the future!Only things I can sugest is to make a Crouch moving animation. so you can move while crouched.  Also make the old direct control and option. Jave it where you can use ethier at anytime.
,Not Recommended,302670,34365336,Posted: 19 August,all,Delta25,"Wanted men of war in a mordern setting, got Call of duty with worse controls. its still in alpha and yet have the balls to make it free to play with micro transcations, and now offer 4 diffrent versions of it, yeah not a good idea."
,Recommended,302670,31042460,Posted: 9 April,all,kololz,"I am actually lazy to write a review, but I am one who don't care about Free to Play even though I bought the game before F2P is out.This is kololz.Be like kololz.Respect to this game o7 I recommend don't really listen what those people who are- Salty about F2P- Salty about the censoring- Salty about the reskin of AS2Listen. This is a game after all. Some people got their own problems with the developers and then yell others DONT PLAY IT, even though this game have a good potential. These people are selfish and what motivated them to write those reviews is the hate.It is up to you if you wanna try this game, but if you feel like its awesome and it suits your taste, it would never be bad to buy it o7~kololz"
,Recommended,302670,34023313,Posted: 4 August,all,Flymem/ csgolive.com,Fun and the mods are great WOULD RECOMEND
76561198009807509,Not Recommended,302670,34469986,Posted: 24 August,all,Halcyon,"The TLDR Summary - this is an arcadish version of Arma that can drop your FPS to single digits while looking like an early 2000 era title.If this had been released around 2000, it would have been a decent title.In 2017, with titles such as Arma 3 and Squad, this is a laughable attempt to give the player a seamless and believable combined arms experience with adequate system performance.For a game with graphics this dated, you would think it has stellar perfomance. Instead you get FPS in the single digits just playing against the AI in a skirmish. If your system is used to running Arma 3 with 60+ FPS, expect a stuttering, laggy mess when you play Call to Arms..especially in the first person mode.The gunplay and physics is akin to Duck Hunt for Nintendo. Mechanics that we're used to such as bullet drop and intertia seemingly disappear in this game, and what's left is an Arcade experience that is worthy for the original Playstation.If you can get past all of that, which would be commendable, you have to suffer through a complicated UI and control system that isn't intuitive or user friendly.Perfoming the simplest commands is punishing to the player and detracts from the experience you're supposed to be having fun with.This title has a long way to go until it's deserving of any DLC purchases. Keep in mind it's still in early access...but they're selling DLC for it anyway.Save your cash and play Arma 3 or Squad instead. You'll have a much better time."
76561197963537949,Recommended,302670,31250969,Posted: 20 April,all,sansoo99,"this game has come FULL CIRCLE!!,when this game released i thought it just another military RTS but the fact that its first person when you control your troops puts a whole new spin on an old classic!BRAVO GUYS!!AAA+++"
,Recommended,302670,32892094,Posted: 27 June,all,MrRebelTrooper421,"Good so far, but needs workI like the game a lot and it's a lot of fun and I don't mean to be that guy complaining about specs, but I have an Intel i5 4690, 8GB of RAM, and a 6GB GTX 1060 and I struggle to run this game. I hope this issue will be resolved down the road after some optimization and so on, but for now it's kind of insane. Otherwise I like it, keep up the good work and I look forward to new content along the way (:"
,Recommended,302670,33166625,Posted: 2 July,all,AltairZenbios,"This game is disappointing in the way that, I bought the full edition, expecting it to be a huge amount of opened gameplay, instead what I found was that I got to play a campaign that was amazing, though insane difficult at points, and the opening of the Allied factions, which is the US coalition thing, that you already have, but even with these setbacks, the game itself is kinda cool, definitely worth a try.. because there's nothing like having a bunch of Navy Seals drop in from Black Hawk helicopters with mgs on either side, tearing into the hostile forces..."
,Recommended,302670,32203540,Posted: 5 June,all,aftershok,"Absolutely amazing !If you liked the previous instalments of the franchise (aka Men of War), you're gonna love this ! the strategy is pushed to the extremes, with tremendous micromanagement, pushed to the FPS/TPS control !Game runs smoothly on non-gaming computers, and the ability to try a free version is very coolRight now there are only 2 factions, but other will come.Don't let yourself be held back by the ""mostly positive"" evaluations, this is mainly because a free game attracts a ton of 11 y o who rage quit at the first shot from a hidden sniper10/10 would shift-R the Humvee againP.s. : even if game is great, smoll bugs ar stil dere."
,Recommended,302670,33087573,Posted: 1 July,all,ElijahJernickEJernick,Very Good Game even with Mods It still a Good game Crashes time to time But I still love and you should get this game I reccommanded it.
,Not Recommended,302670,17333207,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Westmannia,There have been mods for Assault Squad that have been far more fleshed out and polished in a fraction of the development time of CTA.. and freethis is basically 20 euros for the same game theyve released since 2006 or whatever year it was
76561197973677782,Not Recommended,302670,19890282,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,clochi,Nice Reskin of a Reskin.I can't wait for the next Reskin.
,Not Recommended,302670,22117226,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Snow Piercer,"this game is **** compared to MOW:AS2 it still rules, but this, if i could rate it under 1 i would, specially the multiplyer and everything is copied off MOWAS2 it cant even be called a new game, a standalone yeah, but for the 30$ ******* i paid a big ripoff, listen. if you want to buy a good RTS go get MOWAS2 its more active and 10x more fun than this crap."
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,302670,17346615,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Klavs,"This is Assault Squad 2, made look like game about modern military and dumbed down.- For many guns munnition is gone - it is now virtually attached to the gun as a counter. Still seems that troops can sometimes share these ""virtual munitions"". But there have been strange behavior with munition in Assault Squad games before, with troops not using their equipped munitions and shooting from some infinite source instead.- You can't do anything with troops helmet any more. It was Assault Squad trademark - helmets that could be shot off enemy head. Now they are strictly part of the unit model.- Engine still is unable to handle different munitions for the hand guns. M16 with grenade launcher can't shoot standard munitions. Just grenades.- Western weapons can not be customised. For this era game it is silly that You can't change sights, underbarrel extensions and other options.- Ability to build field fortifications seems to be gone also.Don't buy this game unless it has a decent discount. This is Assault Squad 2 mod with features removed, not a new game."
,Not Recommended,302670,21230981,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ducktor Cid,"Awful, in it's current state. I have had Humvees, infantry and even Bradley's just look blankly at a target (a technical usually) and just let it kill them. Just now I was in the second mission, and an entire squad of infantry just blankly stared at a technical (they had ammo and could easily kill it) as it ran through a wall and killed all of them.I also absolutely HATE the new direct control camera, I can't really get good vision in it, but that's my problem.Do not buy until these are fixed.Edit: It's been an entire year and this problem *still* hasn't been fixed. Still not recommended."
76561198040593687,Recommended,302670,17348167,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Oddball,i enjoy the game has a great tiwst to the normal ww2 stuff we have seen and there are a lot they can do to the game to make it even better. Yes its a little buggy and there are some things missing or textures not right but please remember people its still early for the game its worth getting a good modern game.
,Not Recommended,302670,21016868,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,TheMadGunther,"Listen, there are so many of you out there saying 'This game is so great, it's so realistic and fun at the same time.' Fun? I was trying to play this game with my friend for over half an hour and we just simply gave up, there were other, more fun, things to do.Do not buy this, online is buggy, there is no guarentee it will work."
,Not Recommended,302670,17607801,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Teckademics,"AS2 Reskin, this ladies and gentleman is what should have been an expansion pack. Not a game on it's own. Gameplay has not improved but gotten worse. Level design is very poor."
76561198056690511,Not Recommended,302670,29789226,Posted: 8 February,all,Comrade Maethor,"Don't waste your time. Yeah this game has some pro's, but honestly It'd be better being a 100% F2P Overhaul for MOWAS 2, because although I heard that this isn't a ""mod"" of MOWAS 2, it is damn well close enough to being one. Also I forget and I think MOWAS 2 was $30... maybe $40, but that game has WAY more content than this p.o.s. I mean think about it! You're paying $30 for TWO countries with a limited amount of units, way smaller than MOWAS 2. You can make the argument that the workshop will improve that, and I will agree b/c I was bored with MOWAS's content after a few days (but there was still more than this game), but in MOWAS 2 you at least get a very playable vanilla game... Call to Arms, you're essentially paying $10 for the actual game and the other 20 for the workshop content that is deperately needed."
76561198036389162,Not Recommended,302670,22835617,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,gjcastrillo,"Why am i having so many issues with this game??? So frustrating... Can some one please help? Game gave me error messages last week, reinstalled and then begun to freeze at 18% loading of the 1st mission and could never play. NOW!! it freezes loading the menu stright from Steam and says, ""Loading Muliplayer resources"" and does NOTHING! For the price of this game i shouldn't be pulling my hair out like this. Please contact me! i have been recommending this game to my friends, but they wont buy it if it doesn't work! so for now, i'll have to hit ""NO, I DO NOT RECOMMEND"". I'd like to change that around if it can be fixed."
76561197986588692,Not Recommended,302670,26756844,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,GamingOutkasts,"This is my 3rd and final revision to my review for the game Call to Arms.I first reviewed it fairly early in its development (July 31st 2015) and then again, a year later, after a few anticipated updates came out. (August 16th 2016)As it stands now, the “hot topic” is the games decision to go Free 2 Play whilst introducing numerous micro-transaction based add-ons. This has no bearing on my final assessment towards the game. I will admit that I am not crazy about these new developments, I do agree that going Free 2 Play was almost necessary at this point. It has an extremely small player base, and as someone who exclusively plays online only this became a major issue; not the only issue, but a significant one.The game is rather dull. I find it uninspiring, unimaginative, repetitive, and generally lackluster all the way around.It is lacking. Two Major factions, neither very impressive or thought out, units that seemingly only differ in name, maps that are lackluster and overly cluttered in a nonsensical fashion. Sound effects that are more annoying then immersive; the list just goes on and on. Bottom line is it just doesn’t offer much. In some areas quantity is lacking and in other areas (most) quality is lacking.No one plays the game. As stated above the player base is extremely small, even with sales of up to 80% the game has failed to gain traction. If you play single player this won’t really effect you in any way but it killed the online community. Some may say going F2P will remedy this issue, I personally think the game is lacking too much in other departments to merit popularity but only time will tell.As the game is now free, try it for yourself, my opinion is just that, an opinion."
76561198064683968,Not Recommended,302670,29551136,Posted: 28 January,all,OBI-JUAN KENOBI [GER],pro:- awesome scenario.......- cinematic (24fps)feeling.......con:- terrible ai- ui sucks- bad performance- meh graphics- uninspired gameplay (nothing changed / improved)conclusion:I'm so happy that I didnt have to pay for this garbage
,Recommended,302670,17405118,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,☭Vic1217☭,Extremely good game BUT in order to play single player you need the deluxe edition
,Recommended,302670,21130427,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,HaluuAluu,YES!!!! Finialy theres SP missions. GOOOD!!! Waiting some more
76561198028388311,Not Recommended,302670,28644585,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SWAT,In the beggining i found this game very fun. It was a nice change of pace from Men of war AS2. But eventaully the devs screwed everyone over who paid for it by making it F2P and adding a season pass. lol
,Not Recommended,302670,26745141,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ReaperRusty,Stay away from this CASH GRAB junk.
,Not Recommended,302670,28747380,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MikeyC,"Theving money grabbing scamming b*stards. You do more damage to all the other Early Access games and to Steam than to just your own game.I will never purchase an Early Access game on Steam again.Steam should take some responsibility for customers being ripped off in this way, I will harm Steam in the long term."
76561198076586639,Not Recommended,302670,28996371,Posted: 3 January,all,-J_1_K~,Greed....
01110110101110101,Not Recommended,302670,20657457,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Spooky Wraith,i cannot recommend this game in  its current state because there is lack of content and playing the same faction over and over get really ♥♥♥♥ing old
76561198112665405,Not Recommended,302670,26772272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vechnypp,"Create game and sell it for 40-20 euros, few years later:Lets make it free, who the ♥♥♥♥ cares about money, right?Bought the game around a year ago, liked the idea of stategy game with modern weapons.Like if its our fault we invested money into this and servers are empty, you are supposed to advertise it yourself, people stick to games that are good, and go away from those that are bad.And what they do when they make the game free and still get some money from it?They give you 10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ items which in total don't even cost 1euro and create their own marketplace for items just like cs:go/dota.This game with mods looks better than original version, which is a shame for game which is still in ""development""."
76561198239926616,Not Recommended,302670,28594125,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pe†er-Kµn,"Should've Waited the game to become Free2Pay, Before Buyin it, first time in my WHOLE MELLENIUMIC life I REGRETED(DISSAPOINTED) buying a Game From steam off from my saving cuz i'm still student money is everything for this.This Game brings bad flavour on EARLY ACCESS ""Genre""That's Right ""EarlyAccess"" for me is a ""Genre"".may this review set a values for those planning to buy a ""Promising Unfinished Game"""
,Not Recommended,302670,27157439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Zug,",WORST GAME EVER WASTED 20 EUROS ON AND NOW ITS FREE I HOPE THE DEVELOPERS GET FUXCCKING KIDNAPPED BY ISIS♥♥♥♥♥EM
76561198067416378,Recommended,302670,23088965,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sniperclub01,"This game has really been a fun few hours. There are still problems that need fixing, but that's the purpose of Early Access in games. I really recommend this to players into Strategic Top-Down Commanders who love to play a game different than most others."
,Recommended,302670,17307274,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Rachel Moore,It's ♥♥♥♥ing very very very good game!-Graphics  10/10-GamePlay 8/10-FPS 9/10-Control 9/10
,Recommended,302670,19383617,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hoodyhoo,"This reminds me of Full Spectrum Warrior but with an RTS camera and higher level of control.  The object of the game is the same: find the enemy, fix the enemy, flank the enemy.  You essentially use your teams and the environment to gain an advantage on your adversary and destroy them before they do the same to you.  I've only played a single skirmish so far, but I had a ton of fun!  This seems to be exactly what I've been looking for in a thinking man's strategy game.  Definitely recommend so far!"
76561198020119384,Not Recommended,302670,20837042,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Phantom,"I really would like to enjoy this game, but the balance is way off.  The computer is way to accurate and deadly when they are firing on your troops to the point its not even fun.  It's amazing how the computer could be in wide open space laying down and can wipe and entire squad off the face of the map that is firing from cover.  Until they fix this issue, then I can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,302670,23447053,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Foxtrot,"Every time Rolling Thunder mission is loading at soon at it gets to 43% the game shuts down and an arror shows up: ""APP_ERROR: CreatedVertexBuffer FAILED!"""
,Not Recommended,302670,30613625,Posted: 19 March,all,ua_svs,:(
76561198076455291,Recommended,302670,28966098,Posted: 2 January,all,adilzade,Hi to everybody. The game is the best. I bought the deluxe and the season pass versions. But I don`t know how to activate this versions. Does anyone know how to fix this problem?
,Not Recommended,302670,22243471,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Phoenix King,Get rid of this stupid level lock and exorcise whichever idiot(s) that conspired to create it.
76561198049490762,Recommended,302670,23313283,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,METALOVER,WAY better and WAY more stable then MOWAS2
,Recommended,302670,23192772,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NihlusX,"As with all early access games there are still bugs and glitches to be ironed out, but my experience so far has been enjoyable. I would definetely reccomend this game to anyone who was a fan of the previous Men of War series."
76561198025932372,Not Recommended,302670,29881228,Posted: 12 February,all,DickaSmasha,Take the fps mod or whatever they have put it in mowas2 and i would never have touched this game.
76561198290660464,Not Recommended,302670,27392433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boat o' Parrots,"No, do not play, I can no longer download it, it is bad, bad, bad, bad."
,Not Recommended,302670,25760604,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ribbon ❤,I'm really disapointed on buying this reskin of MOWAS 2.2/10
76561198207057977,Not Recommended,302670,22271780,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DeadDucky1554,"Ehh not my favorite... Just get Men of War Assault Squad 2 with the Red rising mod, way more content and people actually work on it."
,Not Recommended,302670,23478445,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Why So Serious?,"Every time I try to launch CTA it says error, can't load map.pak and this really pisses me off after how much money I spent for the deluxe edition."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,302670,23972564,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,This is just a buyable MOD for MOW!It's exactly the same! Even the ♥♥♥♥ing legendary unit sounds from Faces of War are the same ( predecessor to men of war )Not worthy.
76561197989753862,Recommended,302670,31445080,Posted: 29 April,all,Sagan,This is the future of RTS
,Recommended,302670,17539174,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,morganlee,amazing game. a LOT better than men of war:as2
76561198045023739,Not Recommended,302670,21631178,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,magicdonut117,"dont waste your money, id say wait till is done. the game plays bad and the grapichs are horrible"
,Recommended,302670,17323990,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lathan,i love this game with the MOW feel but the only thing that needs to be changed is the AI needs to be nerfed as well as health it needs to be buffed
,Recommended,302670,17306426,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Chace,"Great game, once this is out of early acess and everything is done it will be an amazing game."
,Recommended,302670,28736028,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kiwi Clown,"Same type of deal as Men of War, a highly granular RTS with a lot of robust mechanics and features.Difference here is that it's set in modern times and features some improvements. Tanks get tracked on terrain if you aren't careful, direct control works more like a TPS rather than a isometric shooter now, ammo management is entirely different, amongst some other changes mostly minor QoL stiff.A lot of negative reviews due to the devs halfway through the development cycle creating a season pass for DLC. Devs made it explicitly clear there would be no DLC released while the game was still in early access, and that everybody who bought the game was going to get all the factions for multiplayer, but people like to be outraged about nothing I guess.I recommend the game when it releases if you enjoyed any of the Men of War games."
,Recommended,302670,29729751,Posted: 5 February,all,Coz',Impressive for a free game. I can't wait to see what they do with this.
76561198036160294,Not Recommended,302670,28108449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg_HOSS,Very poor business models
,Not Recommended,302670,25950187,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PYROmilmo,"If it sucked any harder, I'd stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥in it. Would at least make the money I spent worth it."
76561197970928138,Not Recommended,302670,28313290,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bootneck,This developer can suck my hairy nuts!Way to go to on taking a dump on all those that paid to buy this game just to line your greedy fat pockets. The game is free now so why havent I been refunded my money back? This developer has missold this game under false pretences. I want to be refunded my money. I refuse to pay for something that is free to everyone else. Also Valve need to stop this happening again as this developer has now stopped me ever buying an early access game ever again! This dishonest seller has made money at the expense of Valves reputation which is now tarnished for allowing this to happen and future developers who will no longer have any early access games purchased by myself and the rest of the steam community. Shame on the developer and shame on you valve for allowing your loyal customers to be conned like this.
76561198019014139,Not Recommended,302670,27894166,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Reddric Vulpes,Cant get through a single match without crashing 0/10
,Not Recommended,302670,33264347,Posted: 5 July,all,Edgaratc,"game doesn't run well at all.can shoot enemies across the map, is buggy, and most annoyingly is how poor the movement of the characters is.Choppy, sloppy and just horrible overall.oh my I haven't even mentioned the horrors of multiplayer yet.it is loading screen hell.Just don't buy this game.waste of your time and money.dissapointed that it didn't come out as good as MOW Assault Squad."
76561198182782027,Recommended,302670,17851058,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,EchoDevine,"so far this is a great game :D ive played MOWAS2 and now i play this, its a great game if you want to have a good rts battle but not have the hastle of building a base"
76561198184246189,Recommended,302670,17339877,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ramons,"I really like this game, everything is awesome, alot better than MOW, also can you tell us when you will release vehicles,helicopters,ect please"
,Recommended,302670,17937522,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Moose,"Pretty good game if you like Men of War AS2. Reminds me of when my uncle Jerry bent over right in front of your mom that one night, definitly would buy."
76561198006683199,Recommended,302670,17949258,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Drahazar,If you have played Men of war Assualt squad 2 or the others this is made by the same peeps.  This is modern war and its fun as hell.  The updated graphics engine is great and I have to say defending a FOB is rough.  This game and the Men of war ones (WWII) are great games and are what CoH2 could have been like.  I have had a lot of Epic battles in all of these games.
76561198067110649,Recommended,302670,17747835,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Daedalus,I love this game!!! The devs continue to update constantly. This is a great thing and at the same time can be a bad thing. After todays update the game keeps crashing while loading a map. This is understandable and I know the dev will have it running again soon. Its an ALPHA expect these things its part of the Early Access experience
76561197983590470,Recommended,302670,17856192,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dobson Minister of  Asswhoppins,"Call to arms revisited. So having sunk a ton of hours into the multiplayer of call to arms and being a huge fan of the men of war series in general I will try to explain my experience. While the game is clearly not done as most of unit discriptions still say squad1,squad2 ect. the game is a little confusing as you are really unaware of what units are good , and what they do exactly. the game balance needs some work and arguebly the GRM are the best faction. Having better units means nothing to experienced players when overwelming firepower is the asnswer to almost all your porrblems. The pricing is my main arrguement it just costs too much for the usa to really compete and countless times I have swarmed or been swarmed by sheer numbers. The counter is play really good, better then your opponent. which isn't really fun. One mistake can find you behind on the buys and next thing you know vehicles are in play and you don't have any AT. but this goes for both factions. Veterans of men of war will find it's basicly the same old game. However those players ususally suck, and wont take the time to see the differrences in tactics and gameplay.War has changed, the importance of position is everything and finding the perfect flanking cover is the key to not watching your men get gunned down immediately. It's like all the inf have mg 42s and moving around is easier said then done. The new direct control feature is flipping terrible, and ai pathing really needs work. but these things are being slowly addressed and fixed. I recommend this game, if only to kill you one time in multiplayer because the community is split between god like players and the worst players on earth. This game is something different it's not men of war with new skins, its men of war with a modern theme. People give them♥♥♥♥♥♥for using the same game engine as mowas2 but at least it's not the same maps same units, it's unique and fun in it's own right.So buy this game, maybe not now but in the future, when it's more complete. You might hate it but jsut remember you suck and getting better takes time. See you on the battlefield ♥♥♥♥♥es."
,Recommended,302670,17343623,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,meme,Great game! Cant wait for new stuff to come out.
76561197981935413,Recommended,302670,17923305,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AlwaysMissBad,"Game looks good for early beta, hope the deves dont ruin it by simplifying the game play, pls fix direct mode properly, leave the game mechanics alone, give us unit unlock in custom mode, and i am a happy camper, it runs great as it is. you can have coop vs ai or player vs player at the moment, its stable and easy on the pc. At 21$ its a real bargain.CheersWalt"
76561198032012063,Recommended,302670,18386240,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,crazzy959,So far a great game. One of the best modern combat RTS out there right now. Can't wait for the game to be finished so I can stop getting merked online.
,Recommended,302670,21838774,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,FALprofessional,"Over the past fews months this has been in early access, some have critized this game as being essentially ""Men of War: Assault Squad: Modern Assault Mod: The Game."" I can see where that comes from, but I don't see it being the case. I just feel I should lend some thoughts on the game so far.The ModYes, it certainly does look like the Modern Assault mod for Assault Squad 2. However, it is simply not a mod. Go here if you want to see it for yourself:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=411118383There are plenty of vehicle, weapon, and soldier assets made for the mod, but they are just not the quality you will get out of a dedicated studio. The maps and some assets are repurposed, so eastern and western European structures appear in a modern setting more often than not. Not to say that architure doesn't exist in present day. You could say that is just the theater of war for a specific battle, but a mix of original and recycled models, assets, and such can you only get you so far. Digitalmindsoft takes the great concept and presents it in full force. The mod's development is also frozen, so don't expect more content and improvements out of it any time soon.The GameThis is a game, therefore it includes things you would expect of a game. All of the assets are professionally modelled, recorded, and maintained. A full-fledged modern campaign is in the works. It has dedicated servers, courtesy of SteamWorks. It will be featuring a secret-services themed DLC, which will be available to those who purchase the game in its early-access state, free of charge. That, on top of game engine, interface, and mechanics improvements. So on and so forth. In terms of unit count, you can expect that of Men of War games: plenty of diverse units, weapons, vehicles, equipment, and, in this case, weapon accessories. So, flashlights, lasers, silencers, and the like. You also make use of a nightvision view for when the map cycles to night. You can also host local games against AI, which was sorely lacking in previous games. That is a plus from me.SummaryDigitalmindsoft is going out on a little limb here in publishing this game themselves, but I think they have faired well so far. They have been consistent, responsive, and rather frequent with their Dev Updates. Their 14th Dev Update was March 11th, and they have made great strides in asking the community what we want next (what vehicles, modes, etc.), implementing new graphic technologies, improving multiplayer competitivness (in terms of gamemodes, I don't care for the leveling system), releasing the missions of the campaign for testing for those who purchased the Deluxe Edition, and all around keeping us informed as to where our money is going in this critical time for the game. There has been controversy over things like the 3rd person control mode, bullet damage models, and the like, but it all seems to be leading to the betterment of the game.Truely, with games these days often having a retail cost of $60 (RTS, FPS, etc), its, previously $20 price, now $25 price is still rather generous, if I do say so myself. And, I don't know about you, but I have always wanted a modern version of Men of War, and it grants that wish pretty well. Last time I checked (5 months ago), there wasn't a very high multiplayer population, but maybe that is because it is still in early access. That is not too detrimental for me, because you can now host local lobbies with AI, which is a good time, and I primarily play these games for the campaign. Still, some may not take very kindly to this. Nonetheless, It still maintains that unique Men of War RTS DNA, and I just think this game deserves a bit more love from the community."
76561197981446012,Recommended,302670,17726790,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Costarring,"Keep in mind that this game is still in development, but I would surely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys squad level RTS combat (no basebuilding).Seems to run smoothly in windows 10 64bit on a AM3+ setup(PhII X6 1090T BE + R9 270 + 8GB 1600MHz DDR3)"
76561198015739427,Recommended,302670,30504835,Posted: 14 March,all,Spartan,"(Purchased full version)Overall this game is promising and really fun. I really like the editor, which was hard to navigate at first, but thanks to a few youtube videos became much easier. This is the kind of RTS I wish all games had and I really like the ability to take command of any unit on the battle field and go into the third and first person controls. The campain is still in development and both the voice acting and grammer need some polishing. I am really looking forward to the new factions comming out and really hope they continue to add new units and structures to be used in the editor."
,Recommended,302670,32208379,Posted: 5 June,all,Producer Taiwan,"This game is good, although the first prison thingy has a pro and con. I love the idea fo the FPS in the RTS, its kinda revolutionary."
76561197995961551,Recommended,302670,30505260,Posted: 14 March,all,DeMetz,It's a great advance on the Men of War: AS2 platform.An RTS with an acceptable level of first person shooter options. Fantastic models and diversity in the unit roster.The engine is a little clumsy and the AI is pretty poor.This game still has huge potential and I hope they can take it further. It's already come an impressive distance from the early access it began with a couple of years ago. I'd love to see a fleshed out Coalition force eg. ISAF involved countries.Also I understand that helicopters and other air assets are on the way. Very excitingThe campaign as of this review is a little bit short for the price tag. Only a few of the battle so far allow you to flex any real strategic might and the others are small story driven events with only a handful or one lone soldier.Good game 7.5/10
,Recommended,302670,32520860,Posted: 17 June,all,[D:F] Harly66,This game is awesome! I love it! I already played like 400 houres and its still nice! If youre getting bored i recommend you to use mods!
76561198011585825,Recommended,302670,29513360,Posted: 26 January,all,CarlR,"New version of the ""Men of War"" type series/Gameplay with a modern setting this time.  Enjoying it alot, especially the new Evacuation game mode... wish they would add more to that mode though."
,Recommended,302670,17430354,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,GothicCorpse,Great game already highly recommend :)
,Recommended,302670,22164191,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ethan Tokes Kronic,"I bought this game during the recent steam sale, I cannot believe how cheap it was. Under 7$ for one of the best rts games I have ever played, admittedly it is missing some polish, and could use other factions/more units. Even that said, I would have paid full price if I heard of it sooner.Tactically very sound and graphically very pretty(Though has some stutter issues). This game is a micro managers wet dream. The ai in this game is a real challenge as well. Playing the Co-Op gamemode evacuation can come down to just a few soldiers, causing you to micro manage your medics and have your riflemen improvise and pick up other units weapons to use against them.Thats right, in this game every soldier has an inventory, not every UNIT, but every individual soldier. This allows you to go as far as to pick up spare rounds, bandages and grenades, you can also manage the inventory of vehicles. You can split these units up how you see fit, garrisoning them in seperate buildings to create firing arc's etc.Controlling units individually is also a thing, simply hold control and you are in for some serious gameplay. Use every truck, tank, and individual to the fullest by firing manually on targets, this allows precise firing on various buildings etc. Not to mention it is a huge breath of fresh air to see a unique feature like this added to rts games. A bit of action combat essentially adds another layer to the game, especially in multiplayer when some guy is precision sniping your vital mg's and medics.All in all the game is worth full price, and most I have run into from the steam sale would agree. Played for many hours yesterday and I am about to boot this up again! Defnitely worth a buy if you are a fan of tactical rts and teamwork."
,Not Recommended,302670,25916615,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,the_eng,"A letter to the developer, hope they read!Men of War 2 is THE reason I decided to get back to PC gaming after console gaming sank into the Call of Duty kids-oriented culture with people jumping around..Whe I heard of Call to Arms, I loved the idea, followed the game and purchased it in its super early access.My opinion of how you build your bussiness case is extermely negative, but I won't go into that because after all if people still spend money, then the case is successful (maybe short term).But, here are my comments on the new game design- Game scene, that is, the camera and the zooming. this is for a lot a deal breaker, Company of Heros 2 is almost not playable due to short range and zoom in camer.. Please give us a wider range and a zoom out so out that we can't see the unit anymore! It's a strategy game and suppose to have a wider range.. Men of War 2 is good example..- Direct control, good idea if it doesn't consume more than 30% of your development time. Honstly, I like it, but I won't miss it if it's not there. Old direct control was just fine for me with no complains. The game is already accused of a lot of micro management, you don't need to add more! For me, minimum benefit. OK if it doesn't affect game performance..- Maps, the current maps are very cartoonish and limited.. Iraq also has high buildings and streets and so.. we need more thoughtful maps.- AI.. never enough. but good progress.- Please take some notes from Steel Normandy 44, and Wargame.. instead of spending a lot of time on first-person shooter direct control (really not a priority for RTS gamers), you could add another dimension to your game by utilizing more air unit.. Again, Wargame type..Finally, thanks for Men Of War 2, and try not to be FPS, because you're not!"
76561198065749548,Recommended,302670,20420218,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,VN_SON,very good game
,Not Recommended,302670,28387951,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RichyPlays | xMFxGangstaX,Spent money on this and now it's F2P...Money Hungry Devs that don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game's performance and the happiness of their customers
76561198071960737,Recommended,302670,17399049,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,timmieyoung,"I have been waiting for a game like this for a long time it could becomeepic buy it now or wait , Sir Hinkle's mod does a excellent job on showing the available units , buy it!  goodbye company of heroes and ww2 enff is enuff."
76561198008984783,Recommended,302670,17399125,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,-{PsO}- LacraU,very good but have a lot of work to do.
,Recommended,302670,17421735,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,7te Siwi,"Exactly what I have been looking for. A modern strategy style game. Most of the games out there make the cut off at world war 2 or vietnam. Can't wait to see where they take this.So far, the combat seems to work well, and since everyone has an automatic weapon, it is more explosive and fast pacedBased on my experience with MoW AS, once vehicles get added, this will only get better.TL;DR, Not much to do just yet, but once more gets added it will be well worth the buy for only $20"
,Recommended,302670,17546826,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,coolscout2009,I love this game alot its glitcy and slow at points when the fighting online gets intence but thats not that big of a deal i belive they will change that and make it better. i see MASSIVE potential in this game and its future i enjoy how their are A.I's in multiplyer as well as just the unit types id love to see being able to put up defences in the future but thats just my suggestion love it guys keep making it awsome
76561198030646962,Recommended,302670,17448046,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,weepaul123456,Amazing
,Recommended,302670,17925516,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ViPeR,"Men of War: Modern Edition basically, only theres also a large amount of engine and graphical updates.Large battles are amazing to look at."
,Recommended,302670,17386084,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Krieg,"Pretty good RTS game if you enjoy an immense amount of micro management. Graphically it is about as good as any other modern RTS on the market, that said, it runs very smoothly with only a few hiccups during MP (could be the host issues though). The MP is very fun although I am not very good at it. I am looking forward to the addition of vehicles and whatnot, but I  would like to know if there are plans to release other factions? Right now it is USA vs. GRM (ISIS?), I would like to see Russia, Britan, and the Bundeswehr."
76561198119619355,Recommended,302670,17415363,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,jamesmlong4,needs work but its a cool game i hope the champain come out soon
76561198211268996,Recommended,302670,17522884,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,erick_k_wilson,I cant remeber is their going to be a single player mode?
76561198087248624,Recommended,302670,17401488,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,The Bearer of Bad News,"Mow is one of my favorite rts games, so when i found a modern era version i was ravished. The game is still very basic with only infantry units now, but will add much more such as vehicles that will make the game more difficult and fun as you will learn to counter them. Single player is also in the works, but i imagine it will be very entertaining.  10/10"
,Recommended,302670,17422023,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,vap3r,"This game is very similar to the Men of War series, but I am glad that they've moved away from World War II on this one. The basics are there and I see a lot of potential in this game. The AI is fun to play against and not just another stupid AI. Looking forward to vehicles, single player missions, and coop missions."
,Recommended,302670,17430900,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,M@,"Very fun, even for early access. Only downside is the lack of content at the moment."
,Recommended,302670,17451688,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Zanderthegreat,Honestly one of the best early alpha's i have ever played for a game that is in sutch an early build it was soo much content but as allways there are still a few draw backs but hey its an alpha we should expect it.i look forwad to this game coming fully out and hope the updats to this game come out quick and have a lot of content
76561198054953139,Recommended,302670,17463565,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,torres.luis718,"this came is commenly like men of war assult of sqaud 2 , the problem its giving me alot of lag issues...........i hope the updates fix it."
76561198114254302,Recommended,302670,17467129,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Praxert,"This is my first review and I must say I really really do love the game but you do get the occaisonal disconnects from servers and such. As for server population, it is usually quite low. There are always less than 300 people in game when I am on and sometimes it can take a while to find a game room to fill up.The game is decently optimized (though the graphics aren't super beautiful) and I'm able to run it at high/ultra settings with AA off at 1440p with an r7 360 at 40+ fps. The gameplay that i've been able to play has been fun and AI isn't horridly stupid so that's good (though sometimes they take the path right into the line of fire when there is another way behind cover).For a game in early access it has a decent amount of content and there are plenty of mods out there to make it more exciting such as more maps, ""tactical"" mode to make it a bit more challenging, etc. I'm excited to see what comes and I hope more people will play so servers are more populated! And I hope the devs will fix the occaisional crashes and disconnecting issues."
,Recommended,302670,17481162,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Hype Soup,Call to Arms I Believe is a great modern based Game. Although it is still in Alpha I look foward to seeing this game develop.
76561198029069901,Recommended,302670,17923923,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Unknownaussie,Well Worth the Money Great Game  alot of new features aswell as old features that are good keep up the great work devs :D
76561197998934643,Recommended,302670,17951321,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,This is a really good game.  It is only going to get better as they bring to a production edition.  So far the alpha is working good.  Enjoy blowing up the funny looking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with diapers on thier heads.
,Recommended,302670,18384882,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Lt.Black-Fire,"as me .. i feel the game if it stays like this it will be amazing , I have sawen games that were bad and they becomed amazing because the community base and the Dev responses .and any one that says : "" Omg dont wast money on it "" .. What did tou expect from ((ALPHA)) game play ... i have fate in this game .. i dont care who you are and what you are , I know the game play is a ""Not Good"" but with every update they give , it becomes better and better .. Give it Fate , it will Give you Fun .Keep the good work and i hope this game become better than most of the New RTS games out there-Black-Fire(Ealry Acces)"
76561198024274145,Recommended,302670,20403195,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Viking171986,"Up-dated review Jan/8/2016. Current build of the game is playable, however, In order to play any mods you need to revert to a previous version of the game. at this stage though it's very buggy but it is alpha still. It seems like Instinct has started listening to veteran players about issues in game which is awesome and the fact that IMO the best modder for this franchise is now on the dev team # SirHinkel this game could shape up to be pretty epic.Review in depth (this is still a work in progress game so I will write a final once it is finished)Gameplay: Single player is super fun, Missions are bugggy but playable some balance needs to happen still such as            insane rates of fire for bmp/bradley and fix the hit boxes on some of the aiming with direct control.The new direct control: is pretty buggy still IMO it's worse than the original, however, you can use your mouse wheel to zoom into a kind of 3rd person view and can literally snipe anything on the map making direct control aiming soo much easier. I still think that it should be optional to use both I know I would like the option to switch between the two for movement and for shooting ( the new system makes it tricky to position and fire on the move)AI behaviour and pathing: Much better than MOWAS2 however you better have your anti tank units on hold fire or they will waste their precious rockets againts infantry. The new grenade system is fun, it shows the arc of your throw. Some balance needs to happen and some realism issues are abound too. such as there are no infantry units at least in the US Army that uses smg's I was in the Infantry for 10 years. Stealth has never been a strong point in the game if this is going to be a thing I suggest making the mission specific units more accurate or powerful to negate the derpy AI behavior when attacking or moving. Vehicles still take the worst paths available such as driving over weapons or ammo boxes. Infantry still has horrible pathing but oh well.Inventory and ammo re-supply system: It's been dumbed down, but the new version isn't too bad the ammo for the weapon is actually in the weapon so the automatic re-supoply fills it up instead of putting individual rifle/MG ammo in your inventory. The Auto re-supply as had an overhaul and works a lot faster so you can get your precious elite units back on the line quicker. I miss the old system but this new one grew on me and I like it now too.Graphics: actually looks better and runs better than AS2. I run this game on a mid-range normal person computer so it's playable on medium settings or higher for textures without the extra sprinkle options. and to be honest I would rather be playing a video game then doing this new age VR stuff anyway. I'm sure when I get Oprah rich and can offord a 3000$ rig I will change my tune.Mod support: Currently broken and have to play on a previous version of the game so it's un-playable unless you revert.Multiplayer: Level lock and honestly I hate MP in strategy games unless it's a co-op mission so read other  reviews for in-depth MP aspects of this game.Overall: This game still has a lot of potential and good enough that I had to change my intial negative re-view to a positive."
,Recommended,302670,17374687,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kazlyn,"Love it, but cant wait for British Forces! SAS!"
76561198076860662,Recommended,302670,17481866,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ALASTAR,i like the concept of the cool game and i cant wait for more content to show up for this game
,Recommended,302670,17698504,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Simon1279™,"This game is in very early stage, but if devs are going straight on thhe actual direction, then..... you definitely must buy it, this game is great, it is all i was waiting from a modern era RTS, you won't find a better game than this one, once it will be in final release, this will be the best of all time RTS on the market, i do prefeir this one to MOWAS21 year and a half laterI've Paid for an early access game which means the features may change during development and the current version is not representing the final product and that's OK, but early access for deluxe edition preorder should not means early policies access and i'm talking about Ultimate edition and season pass, this sucks. I preordered giving my moneys for development of this game 1 and a half year ago, bought the deluxe edition and now i have to buy the season pass to gain access to all of the future features of the game..... really? this is not good! why should i give to these devs my moneys in future for the next game early access? looking at these bad policies that are make me feel being fooled to just have given my trust and support to these devs!I won't change my review on the game because the game is good but about current policies about: season pass-ultimate edition and deluxe edition early adopters i would give a huge NO! just because you fooled us devs!"
76561198031444906,Recommended,302670,18038718,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bill Shamrock,Good for what it is so far. Cant wait till the end.
76561198176568599,Recommended,302670,17786935,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,ZEBlueCrab,"Great game so far, hope to see a lot more content added to it."
76561198038639483,Recommended,302670,17479569,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Luna Sakara,"As some one who loves the devs behind the Men of War Games, this might sound Bias. So, to start the formula is the same in principle as the other MoW games, even in its Alpha state the game shows significant polish and refinment from the last iteration AS2.Guns now act as a sub invitory item holding a cache of ammo in the gun, rather than ammo stored loose on the unit.Vehicles how have a forced camera position, and while abit wonky for those of us familiare with the MoW games befor. I like the direction."
,Recommended,302670,17925323,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Carl the sedate,Still in Early Access but the idea where this is going with a successor for MoWAS2 is shining through. Reworks on nearly everything but keeping true to the core gameplay mechanics which make this game-series so unique and worthwhile. RTS for the hole family from intense heavy micromanagment multiplayer games to chilling singleplayer missions or bot-bashing in a modern war fictional scenario. Promissing Aplha.
76561198049993470,Recommended,302670,17944836,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ounkhamph,"this game is similar nearly almost the same of the Men OF War, i love this game the most and i would like to know when will this game fully completed ? currently there are very few missions  and we could play only US side, how could i play the opposite side of US ?"
,Recommended,302670,20608630,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Junta,"Right now it plays like Men of War... with BIGGER GUNSModern setting means infantry wields assault weaponry putting out a lot of fire and vehicles are all large caliber weapon platforms on wheels with different kind of shells, guided missiles and smoke launchers.Plus the recently added (and heavily WIP) Armored Warfare is a MP game mode that is all about controlling tanks, with infantry taking only a secondary role. Direct control was also improved for that - now you can control your vehicle almost through first person perspective, arcade-style, which is pretty fun.The one major downside is still there however - you need to grind levels to unlock the better stuff. And even then the way the game is currently balanced in usual game modes it's nearly impossible to see a tank, unless you actively idle for reinforcement points. But where's the fun in that?Overall however the progress devs have made with this game is quite promising."
,Recommended,302670,17473792,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,iFx BeAtZzZz,This is a great game and i cant wait for single player for the normal version
,Recommended,302670,17475863,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,RHI | Blackhawk,"I have really enjoyed the 2 hours I have played this game. It is spotty but that is expected beens it came out a little over a week ago for EA. I was on the fence between this and Men of War Assault Squad 2 but I figured eventually more people will be playing this because it is basically the same game as MWAS2. A lot of people bring it up that is essentially a DLC for Assault Squad 2 but as a first time player of this kind of strategy, I really like it and look forward to the future of this game."
76561198196361867,Recommended,302670,17480366,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MythicGameProductions,I like the game all together its something different to the usual RTS games even thou it has most of the men of war placeholders and features it doesn't really matter like the devs already said alot of it is subject to change soon it will have its own style and features which is something i look forward to seeing.the gameplay is a little different for me because i'm use to the men of war gameplay normally all i hear is rifles going off and tigers and shermans killing each other now it fh scars and ak 47s going off humvees and BTRs firing and trying to see who blows up first.the only thing i wish to see is a better campiagn becuase the men of war campiagn was crap reskins of each other which was a major let down in this game i wish to see the USA have their own campiagn and the GRM have theirs.now one or maybe two more thing i need to say before i stop my babbling1: to all the people who say its just a reskin of men of war catch yourself on because i bet you've only looked at the screenshots and judged it there and then without even trying it which is where i have the right to call you idiots yea sure it a little over price for a early access game and is still in alpha this that money that you spend on this game helps it grow and it also allows you to adapt and grow with it.2: I'm in college and i've always had the dream to make a game like this since i first started playing games my first ever game that i played was battlefeild 1942 and i was 4 years old lol my dad couldn't figure out how to fly the planes but i could with just using the keys and the mouse lol and then i taught him how to fly the planes and then he told all his work friends how i did it and then all started flying the planes just like me lol but as i got older i discovered RTS games and became the greates commander that ever lived lol joke anyway i hope this game becomes bigger and better with more factions buildings maps ect... and one more thing i hope i get to work for Digitalmindsoft someday oh and to anyone who reads this sorry i couldn't shorten it with 21st century slang that all the kids use these days because i was brought up the old school way which is better lol.oh and one more thing the direct control 3rd person mode is a little different and unusual i know alot of people find it annoying and useless i find it to be intresting even thou it gets me killed half the time its kinda fun it gives off that kinda realistic feel.
,Recommended,302670,17723604,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Smith2k,Fantastic potential. Hope community produces SP missions like it did for Assault Squad 2.
76561198129772746,Recommended,302670,17732097,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,3 Percent Tom,"Call to Arms to an Modern RTS set in the middle east, made by the devs of the wonderful WW2 Men Of War RTS titles.I highly recomend this for men of war vets, and stratgey fans. Fast paced and crazy multiplayer with plenty of alluah akbars to be done as the GRM (They are pretty much a playable ISIS faction). Though as of writing this review the singeplayer is yet to be finished as well as some aspects of the multiplayer. So if you wanted to play his game for a singeplayer than you should wait untill its out, or buy the Deluxe Edition which as some playable yet still uncomplete singeplayer missons. But if your in for the multiplayer like me you will be exicted to know it is decently well balanced and a blast to play with wonderfully designed maps perfect for flanking and other avenues of attack if your stuck in a choke point. The maps are also nice to look at and great fun to use in the games editor which (though takes time to learn) alllows you to desgin your own missons and even maps. (Or just do what I do and have murica airstrike everything after a staged ambush). 8.5/10 would Allauh Akbar again."
76561198032983213,Recommended,302670,17782547,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,[M8B] High King Yirgar,Good.
76561198062654101,Recommended,302670,17402455,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,henkka.t,"Hi,I bought this early access based on my experience in Men Of War - Assault squad 2, which I found very entertaning realtime strategy!!! As an old school player (started with Commondore 64 etc...) MoW AS 2 was best I have foud in long long time!Now about Call to arms, I understand that there is some bad reviews about this, but this is only because people doesn't realize that this is early access, not full version of game and that's why it lacks features, content and is bit buggy at the moment, but as you realize this fact, and you are familiar with earlier games this grew has done, there is no doubt that this is going to be awesome... I just played my first internet game and even with the bugs and lack of content etc etc, I got the feeling that this is going to be as rock solid kick♥♥♥♥♥war game as MoW AS 2, AS IT WILL BE READY!  So, if you don't understand what early access means, don't buy this yet, if you are new to this game and game series but you like realtime strategy, start with Men of War series first and experience this great game series and buy this when it is ready and finalized!I can't wait till this is ready!"
76561198167208553,Recommended,302670,20775335,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,WsK TacticalToaster,Really nice game overall.I've never played the other Men of Wars but I certainly love this game.There are some downs since it's in development but it's really good for early access. There are a few glitches and bugs but the constant updates easily fix them. Developement seems nice and more features are constantly being added.Do I reccomend this? Heck yeah.My rating? I r8 8/8 m8. I just had to.
76561198067313618,Not Recommended,302670,23408109,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,intel gsg6,This game isint even worth buying on sale. I'd rather spend my money on CS:GO skins.
76561198017695300,Recommended,302670,23147144,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[R.o.D]Larry,"So far no crashes or any other issues.Multiplayer-Gameplay is great till now but I hope it gets even better.You can play with 16 players even local is an option.The game got a few gamemodes like base defend, Conquest, Armored Warfare and some others.Singleplayer campain is just awesome but not finished yet.Many different settings day and night time, 1st person Tankshooter elements, sneaky beaky missions.You can even play Co-op.Remembers me of Commandos.2 factions so far and more units are getting added"
76561198039442198,Not Recommended,302670,35218027,Posted: 26 September,all,zXaV93RoXz,"I will not recommend this game for the player who own Men Of War Assault Squad 2 don't buy this game but if you not own any of the game then you have two choice  Men Of War Assault Squad 2 or Call To Arms ,if you want Graphic look nice then this Call to arms is for you but if you don't care graphic I better suggest you take Men Of War Assault Squad 2 cause main reason there is no difference between MOWAS 2 and CTA it just add little thing to the game  .Overall I still will take Men Of War Assault Squad 2 Over This cause Men Of War Assault Squad 2 have alot of mod then this.PS:kindda Regret Having this game ."
76561198039967171,Not Recommended,302670,24143058,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Big Papa Belial,"There is nothing differentiating this game from Men of War. Nothing at all besides Call to Arms being in modern times. Aspects of the UI are pulled directly from MoW, pictures and graphics are pulled right from Men of War as well. The cover system and game play are exactly like Men of War.These glaring problems can all be put down to it being an Early Access Game sure, but that still screams that the Devs are too lazy to make their own game.It's a good game, it's gameplay is simple to understand if you have played Men of War. The controls of vehicles are a little odd, but it has potential.Is it worth almost 30 dollars? No. A huge resounding NO! I'm glad I got this game during steam sale. Because it's worth the fraction of the full price I paid for it.Just go buy some of the Men of War games, they are actually playable, you can understand what's going on, and they are actually complete. Then when this game is complete, and those stolen elements are replaced with unique elements this game might be worth while to get."
76561198286957445,Recommended,302670,31260876,Posted: 20 April,all,joelh211518.jh,Great game
,Recommended,302670,22153689,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"very fun game, some missing features id love to see added like off map air support that drops troops off or provide gun support for a time limit. movement of the vehicles need work"
,Not Recommended,302670,24235998,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ｎｏｓｔａｌｇｉａ,"I don't recommend this game at the moment due to the lack in single player content, every 2 years digitalmindsoft releases a new game similiar to the first Men of War: Assault Squad, and they don't seem to have much big changes, honestly these games could just be DLC/Updates, the only improvement I see with Call to Arms is that it actually fixes a bunch of bugs and made it a bit smoother, different camera angle when in direct control, as well as flying vehicles easier to control."
76561198133975266,Recommended,302670,33425007,Posted: 10 July,all,jackjet921,"Hello, I definitely just want to flat out say this game is ok...but that is definitely expected with a beta game. I think the models in the game look great and it has some great up and game features, and I'm glad that digital mindsoft studios finally went to the more modern era. For this game only being in beta it has a great community and the steam workshop always has new mods out almost every other day. I'm glad I was able to purchase this early to see it really grow. For only like 25 developers this game is full of content and is so worth the money."
,Recommended,302670,33751142,Posted: 23 July,all,BigLeagueGaming,I think this game is freaking awesome!
76561197991380357,Recommended,302670,30986952,Posted: 6 April,all,Merlinboy,"If somehow they will upgrade the singleplayer campaing and it will be fully functional in all sense, than it would be money well spent (I am also interested in voice acting, as for the time being there isn't any..). This genre is dying and all the hate regarding this title isn't helping at all. A lot of you (including me) bought this on sale and I am pretty sure I made a good deal, of course at this time 40 euro for the deluxe version is way too much, but if the producers keep their promises regarding the singleplayer campaing than it will worth the money for sure. And that even if you don't care for the RTT genre, you can surely benefit from the first person mode, as it has 2 different modes - the 3rd person mode and one first person. A few other developers tried to implement both modes, but they failed for sure unfortunately....Let's give them one more chance this year before ""demolishing"" the developer... that is if they keep their promises, because a great title is ahead of us, I am confident in this statement ;)"
76561198063899460,Recommended,302670,17492199,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AltareS✪,"Great game, needs more content.9.9/10 m8rekt"
76561198039842892,Not Recommended,302670,22576787,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,bbetts03,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. This game has been Alpha for years, has♥♥♥♥♥♥variety of units, and even those are level locked because the devs are ♥♥♥♥nut turds that never played a proper strategy game."
,Recommended,302670,19588209,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,CaptainMacTavish,"Has potential, keep this game on your wishlist and wait for new updates!"
,Recommended,302670,20346628,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Eagle16,The game could be improved abit more but its a-okay
,Recommended,302670,20931485,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Adam The Wolf,not bad game but they should work on a bit on the low fps
76561198055647877,Recommended,302670,18943460,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Banana Man,"It is a great game that has very tactical gamplay and is all about manging your troops and destroying the enemys. As of right now thought it needs more content and tweeking along with some bug and gameplay fixes, other wise great buy."
76561198115756363,Recommended,302670,19390340,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,hunteradams302,Super fun! Favorite game right now. I do wish you could disable that weird view when you control a tank or Humvee.
76561198041010182,Recommended,302670,19691780,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Aaron,"***Update***Just got Men of War: Assault Squad 2, and it's amazing!  Defenitely recommend getting that game until Call to Arms is finished!Call to Arms is also great, and has the potential to be even better than MoW: AS2, but as it stands now, the current maps and missions can only hold one's interest for so long.Both are great games, and both should be owned.  Great job by the creators of these games!*Original Post*Pros:The AI doesn't seem to magically know where your unspotted troops are, so It's possible to setup actual ambushes and flank enemy positions without them already having troops aimed in on you (unlike WarGame: Red Dragon, where the AI sends troops straight towards your Command Vehicles hidden way off in the coner of the largest maps in extremely dense forests).The combat is very close to realistic without being too realistic (ex: higher caliber weapons will take out enemies with one or two good hits.Distance and hit location affect the effectiveness of projectiles (ex: a bullet from 100m will do less damage than one from 10m, and one bullet in the leg will not kill an enemy).Uses RNG, so the weapons don't have pin point accuracy every time (ex: squads can sprint or crawl from cover to cover under enemy fire and possibly survive.Most units carry medkits and can heal themselves as long as they're not incapacitated.Each unit can be controlled individually for better placement.Being able to manually control a unit from 3rd person is great (vehicles can be controlled in 1st person too).Cons (most of which maybe resolved in the final release):Balancing.  GRM is definitely superior to the USA.Riflemen don't shoot at vehicles that should easily be penetrated by bullets like technicals.Riflemen don't shoot at manned turrets even though you can manually aim and kill the gunners.You can literally spawn 1 technical at the beginning of the round and take out 4 AI players with just that vehicle.  Spawn a small squad after that, and you can cap their base.In Annialation, spawn points and bases are too close to the main battlefield.  Most matches can be won very quickly by capping the enemy base after whiping out their first few squads.Battlefields should be larger to accomodate the use of the modern weapons, especially for the vehicles.Some of the current maps have too much crammed together in small areas (ex: the middle area of the airfield and military base have way too many objects placed closely together...no room to strategically place troops).Use of artillery seems pointless at this point as the maps are too small to use it effectively.Don't know if much can be changed about the AI, but it just send troops straight towards objectives rather than going from cover to cover; so you can easily mow them down as they charge accross the open towards the objectives (They do however utilize cover once they get to the objective).It can be tricky trying to place troops on upper levels of buildings.My thoughts:Even in Alpha, this game is amazing.  I can't imagine how much fun it'll be once it's finished.  I didn't have Men of War...just saw Call to Arms by chance on steam and started reading up on it.  I was an avid fan of COH and was hoping this would fill the void...and it has.  At only $30 for deluxe...CtA is definitely worth it.  Hell, I'd pay $60 for it!  Great game!I've fiddled around with the editor a little as I'd like to eventually create my own maps and missions, but it will take time to be able to do that.  I can see the replayability of this game being virtually endless.I'm assuming the Multiplayer lobby doesn't have many players at the time since it's still alpha but hopefully that'll change.Even while still under development, it's one of the best strategy games I've ever played.  It took me about 2 days to understand how to play.In all honestly, both CtA and MoW: AS2 are a must have as they both cover completely different times very well.  However, if you can only get one of them now, I think MoW: Assault Squad 2 would be the better buy.After watching Pixel playing MoW: AS2 with his buds, I'll definitely be getting it...hope CtA progresses to be just as good."
76561198052735862,Recommended,302670,18481059,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirDrinksalot,"I recommend this game, its great fun, struggling with finding multiplayer servers here in Australia but I like to play the AI anyway.Buy it so that it advances faster. Make sure you buy the deluxe and download Sir Hinkels Campaigns fo SP fun.What can I say, the developers frequently update the game but it is totally playable and doesnt crash, they are just adding functionality weekly.A typical mission.Choose US start off with Marksmen to keep the enemy at bay. Kill enough enemy to get another squad, choose some US Assault team and storm the flag, move marksmen up to cover you from new enemy forces.Kill enough enemy to get another squad of Marksmen to assault another flag, try and get your assault squad to help them, get pinned down by enemy toyota with cannon on the back, pick some US support AT Troops, sneak up and blow up the Toyota, assault the flag, get another Marksment squad to cover you.What, enough points to get a Humvee, get humvee, take control by pressing Q and drive into enemy guns blazing, get blown up and die.Get another Hummer and hold back providing fire support, get another Marksmen squad over to flag 1 to support battled troops running low on ammo, kill enough to get another squad, Marines, hoohar. Storm the third flag with marines humvee and assault squad.Hold out...10/10 - would request the game adds ""hoohar"" button so I dont have to shout it every time I move them."
76561198096972887,Recommended,302670,19304796,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Muvahhid,nice game
76561198119798643,Recommended,302670,19324312,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MiniHammMN,"Ifyou like men of war, this is a great game to continue with, but be warned as of early access its very laggy/glitchy and obviously not finished, mostly recommending in hopes of getting some extra support for this, but it needs more help right now for it to be greater. Definitely worth a look at the least."
,Recommended,302670,19816203,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Wolfy8178,First off i downloaded the wrong game i meant to download men of war assault squad 2 but either way it is a great game and i would definetly recomend this game.
76561197993725730,Recommended,302670,20117833,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rufus McDuff,"If you like MOW2, but want a modern day setting, then this is the game for you.  It is still lacking on units, but it is a lot of fun."
76561198159962172,Recommended,302670,20490860,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Destroyer_Of_RobZ,"This game is a Follow on from men of War Assault Squad 2 but with a Modern Twist Its only in alpha but it is a amazing game to try out it has Infantry,Tanks,Jeeps,Trucks,Planes And Heli's at teh moment more to come in further Updates What all of us players of this game are waiting for. :)"
76561198005437188,Recommended,302670,18363742,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Slammedc,"This is my Early Access review of the game so far: I absolutely love it! The units work well and I am excited to see what the future holds. Remember, this is an Early Access game and none of the content within it should be considered finished until the full release. I will say though, the content the game currently has is great and I would imagine it can only get better. If you are/were a fan of the Men of War series you won't be disappointed with the current state of the game. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,302670,18899026,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RBG Blackout,Awesome game can't wait to see the heavy armor!
76561198045102084,Recommended,302670,19438952,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Montefire aka Hatham,"Direct control Sergei gun on top of the truck (ZSU), fire up the whole drum on metal, kinda get that feeling im the king of the battlefield !"
76561198203795260,Recommended,302670,19560074,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,m.mill3085,i like this game it's cool
,Recommended,302670,19648649,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,อุอิ,Good Game
76561197976527440,Recommended,302670,19776126,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,spartanshalo,"I love the Men of War series. But so far this feels like a reskin through and through. There is much improvment over the Assault squad games, but it feels almost Identicle to AS2. And, Just like AS2, I am unable to reliably play the game. Both Call to arms and AS2 both crash randomly, lag out randomly, and outright freeze all the time. I get a billion notices that ""video quality has been reduced to improve performance"" while I play, if I even get through a game.  Crank it to Minimum...just as laggy, just as freezy, and have to close it out.However, I do see enough change in direction with the game mechanics to justify a new game. Hopefully it will become the best Men of war game yet. Or Perhaps this is a new series as the MOW moniker has been dropped.  Overall, I still recommend the game."
,Recommended,302670,19984553,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Turtleswim,not bad but i find my men die faster than the enimy and i dont really like that
76561198040997218,Recommended,302670,21166163,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dil Kirk,"I am recommending this game because when it is finished it will be just as amazing, if not more so given its modern setting, as its predecessors...but thats the kicker ""when its finished""  right now the game suffers from horrible lag due to lack of optimization...all the other games just like this I can run on ultra settings with extremely smooth gameplay...this one, not so much, still has hiccups on medium settings...but this game has tons of potential"
76561198006994603,Recommended,302670,21166204,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,crlmjohnson,"so far it looks good.   I hope in the final game release, there will be more voices added to the individual units."
,Recommended,302670,18537830,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,JägerMane,"it is just a very fun game to play and remember it its only in alpha so at least give it a chance or just remember that all games were not as good as they are now like call of duty, battlefield, and any other game fully released"
76561198221787220,Recommended,302670,19044071,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Undeadsniper84,It was a good game when i bought it but now when I close the game I am playing it closes the entire game.
76561198000543072,Recommended,302670,20172899,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Robkilerrabit,"A good improvement on Assault Squad 2. If you're a fan of the MOW series, I'd recommend it. I'm rating this as an alpha however, and imporvement do need to be made before anyone can call this a full game."
,Recommended,302670,19477616,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,oberkommando130,We need Chinese language
76561198088230278,Recommended,302670,19824936,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Capt.Bouthillette,This game isn't just strategy it's like a third person shooter beacuse you can have direct control over one of your soldiers or vehicles.
76561198066873387,Not Recommended,302670,22417978,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Europa,Wait till its fully out first.
76561198017055816,Recommended,302670,23318809,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nuts,"Love the feel of the battles, excited to see what extra the add, hopefully more factions"
76561197989506908,Recommended,302670,19476387,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,স্টান্দিন.রগ অ.ন.ব.উ,Owesome Game
76561198128259774,Not Recommended,302670,30706103,Posted: 24 March,all,LeafyIsHier,"This game became free to play and went full money seeking retard. Take away free to play ,  make the game cost money and get all the features while you can still save the game. Used to love it and this used to be a good review."
,Recommended,302670,19878308,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Van Weapon,"This game has a lot of potential, I see a lot of people complaining about the amount of content vs price, and what they dont understand is that buying into an Early Access game is effectively investing in the potential that the game has, and directly financially supporting the developers so that they can make it happen.I love the level of detail in this game already, and I'd love to see that expanded upon. At time of writing, there's not a massive amount of variety, but the building blocks are there for some really ground breaking gameplay that has been missing from the Military RTS for too long."
76561198217023448,Recommended,302670,21227156,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,kitman200220022002,Great jobs guys I love this game.
,Recommended,302670,23563041,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zinkaghost,pretty decent game. not much of a tutorial and infact after playing it thru im still not sure if i fully understand all of the controls. still fun game i had no problems running it just has a long way to go from being finished. (game sorta reminded me of full specturm warrior from way back when) ((SORTTTAAAA))
76561198285920238,Recommended,302670,24831671,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Golden™,Старая добрая В тылу врага.Только теперь она преобрела контекст современной войны то чего давно не хватало как полноценной игры.На тематику В тылу врага про современную войну очень много модов.Но внимание заслуживает как отдельная игра именно Call to Arms.Буду с нетерпение ждать обновлений и русификации!!!
76561197965142337,Recommended,302670,20219750,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tetrahydrocannabinol,Very fun game!
76561198050162242,Recommended,302670,22135749,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Scythe434,"A Modern update to the Men of War series.Reasons to buy:Good GraphicsFast-paced actionUnforgiving combat, mistakes will be madeGreat maps with lots of tactical advantages to exploitAmazing vehicles and units, each fits a specific roleReasons not to buy:Carbon copy of Men of War: Assault Squad 2 with modern skinSmall online community (hopefully grows)9/10"
76561198160736771,Recommended,302670,23993245,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,scorch3455,"Very good game, like MOWAS 2, but modern and more technology, plus a third person vehicle direct control, and with a mod I have, with infantry too, which will be implemented later in vanilla. As an early accsess game, it is awesome and with a lot of potential, however, there is a bug for me that the voices in campaign in the boxes (ex. the player), don't have sound, but the soldiers too.10/10 for me, you should buy this.Edit:I'm having a problem, I've played 8 unranked games, have gotten no exp, and I still can't play ranked matches, which it says you can after five UNRANKED games, please fix this bug, as i am stuck on lvl 1 with now exp, when I should be at least level 3 or 4"
,Recommended,302670,24788164,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bishtaw,"First off I'm very disappointed so far with this game. However for the right price I will buy any MOW game and 8 dollars for the deluxe edition is a fair price. So why am I disappointed? Well, it's mostly due to the fact its MOW AS 2 and 1... in a modern tone. Think Red Rising but lower quality. That's the thing about Call to Arms it feels like a very good mod for AS. Expect the game deals with stupid AI issues the biggest one is vehicles will often engage units with either extreme force or none at all. Often I have lost a Bradley simply due to the dumb thing not attacking the technical with an SPG on it as it fires point blank at it. That or the Bradley will fire everything it has at the thing. Its almost insane how something that feels so mod like doesn't have a semi competent AI for a MOW game. (Note I have not tried online matches so this may just be a single player issue). That brings me to the next part the single player missions are boring after one play through and there are tons of small issues. (One which is very minor but is in black hawk down the pilot isn't a pilot he's a desc/units/etc...) Why is it that a modding community can do so much better at making a modern MOW with AS 2 then a company being paid?Now the good of the game.If the AI decides to be responsive then the fire fights are quite entertaining.Visuals and models are also nice to look at (Red Rising looks better but still a positive)Game hasn't crashed yetnew direct command is kinda cool but would prefer to be able to switch to old camera (checking what I damaged only to need to realign my shot gets very annoying)Still in Early Acess (Might be positive?)Overall Great game to get on the cheaps, If you own AS 2 just play Red Rising its overall a better experience currently but could change depending on how they continue with the game"
76561198180192183,Recommended,302670,30861476,Posted: 31 March,all,Da Battle Ace,Awesome game! I love every part of it! It is a great stragity game and great physics! My review is 10/10! Im always having a great time. I hope others are too!
76561198027994218,Recommended,302670,20289533,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mr.Tetris,It's early acces so its good for that.8/10
76561198247488494,Recommended,302670,19225720,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Kryptek Drake,Great game if you like military stratagy games if not this may not be the game for you for a low price and for still being an early access game its amasing good work devs keep working hard!
,Recommended,302670,20133540,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,goat boi,"Open Beta Review Update:The game now has a Free2Play option, but it requires grinding for units and lacks singleplayer.  In addition they have added microtransactions, as more and more developers are on Steam.  On one hand I see F2P being good for boosting a dwindling population, but doubt it will last for long.As a deluxe edition supporter I don't have to worry about grinding for units, and get a couple extra factions for free.Development has certainly not been fast by any means, but a lot of the changes since early access, til now, have been quite nice.  Including improved vehichle controls and camera, more units and vehicles, and just general improvements to the game.I look forward to features such as individual unit/squad control. However, I feel if the game doesn't see some growth/sales, features like this may get cut.Overall this company is struggling and it's blindingly obvious. The F2P release is designed to encourage those users to buy XP packs in game, instead of having to buy the entire game."
,Recommended,302670,20058692,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,HOWBOWDAT,so far i tried out the game i would say this game has a lot of potential when the full version comes out but i would really like to see a different squad besdies the USA and GRM.
76561198089429128,Recommended,302670,22146431,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,The Mini crit sentry,"Very good game, great graphics, glitchy though. Still fun"
,Recommended,302670,20513822,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KILLH4WK=VX9=,"Great community, Great user-content, Great RTS."
76561198030224122,Recommended,302670,23364713,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Zygerion Scammer,"This game is fun really only for RTS fans. I play many RTS games and I've played almost every game in the Men of War series. This game reminds me of Men of War, more specifically Vietnam with its lacking content but over all fun to play. The game is pretty much a reskin of Assault Sqad 2 and it doesnt hide that very well. Its a solid 5.5/10 for me, take it or leave it, good weekend time killer and multiplayer is decent but not of AS2 quality. Buy on Sale if you have the chance otherwise, wait until the game progresses and take another look."
76561197970141881,Not Recommended,302670,17566625,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,jimbob010,Recently bought the'deluxe' upgrade just so I could play SP (pretty poor in itself..).Wish I hadn't bothered.  Crashes evertime it auosaves in mission.  Don't waste your time on this game.  Thats coming from a guy who's favorite game is MOW AS2
76561198063028719,Recommended,302670,22134176,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Disdain4Plebs,"Right now, you should only get it once its on sale. Its an amazing game, lovely graphics but the multiplayer mechanics is s**t. Or just wait till the game is out of early access."
76561198234672752,Recommended,302670,22171688,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ethyle X Elthye ✪ l4d2,do i need to write something to express my thoughts for this game?maybe not....
76561198201834102,Recommended,302670,22775565,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,假kennyS,"Everything is good except it's really hard to upgrade. I wanna try Apache but it needs level20, it takes me a long time to get it. And, in this game with robots, you got a tank means you win the game."
76561198129916203,Recommended,302670,23500803,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ishee,The game is fun but quickly becomes less so after time due to lack a variety in its units  but I'm willing to give devs the benefit of the doubt and assume more units will be added  as the game gets updated
76561197994766601,Recommended,302670,23519381,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TheFineSelector,"Best game after Man of War assault squad 2 so far! Setting and graphics are very nice. Good mod support, awesome sounds and so far one of the best single player mission design ive seen since Man of War Red Tide! Overall if you love the Man of War Series, keep his game in mind until its full release. Its definatly a mutch better conversion, has more spirit from Man of War and is technically more up to date than Battle of Empires ( wich also has his charme).(PS before smack: please ignore the lame playtime that is showed here, cause Steam dont counts it in offline mode )"
76561198119249189,Recommended,302670,23489360,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The_Space_Man,this game is a lot of fun when you want a strategic modern day war game
,Recommended,302670,18451265,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DwarfOG,"I have been a fan of Digitalmindsoft since i played Men of War: Assault squad, and I have hoped they would make a modern war game and im happy to finally have it!!!"
,Recommended,302670,21184920,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TAR4C,I really like it!
,Recommended,302670,22249036,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Omaha,"Progression system FOR AN RTS? WHAT in the living hell is this bull-crap?The game is a great idea, and is good overall. I really had alot of fun, and probably will as my friends continue to buy it and we get to play together.. BUT A PROGRESSION SYSTEM? FOR AN RTS?I don't think the Dev's know what they're doing... Hopefully we'll see in the future.I will be editing the review as the game progresses."
,Recommended,302670,22620489,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ruthless,Great idea but they need to fix the system
76561198120839707,Recommended,302670,24071614,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,wmarucha99,I love men of War AS2 and this game has a lot of promise though is still a work in progress
76561198013958787,Recommended,302670,22446424,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,=ΣMC= Buttman,"Looking at the updates and such ... hopefully later on providing infared and thermal to APC , Tanks , and light armored humvees etc ... i think this game has lots of potential to become better ... ALOT better. The maps and art are well detailed and well designed. For a beta this is good. I am glad the devs are not rushing this. Much can be improved and i wait to see it.Edit: they added the infared and thermal optics for Tanks and APC XD i love it.Whish they had some dedicated servers for multiplayer though because it is really laggy."
,Recommended,302670,23496570,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,(Friendly) Koskenu,At first it was good.Until IT happened...THE PAK ERROR CAMeE
76561198067774312,Recommended,302670,24051823,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JonBax,"Early Acces Review:Re-skin of Men of War Assault Squad 2, same engine, same mechanics. which is great, especially if u have played MOW before. The game looks good, and works fine, i am looking forward for more content and a bit of optimization. Keep up the good work Devs!"
76561198072087826,Recommended,302670,24099633,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,THE_BORING_CANADIAN,I love Men of war assault sqaud 2 and i love Call To Arms so Win Win :D
,Recommended,302670,22232087,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Saucy Memer,Was delightfully surprised at how amazing this game is after being skeptical of buying it
76561198086946948,Recommended,302670,24605152,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Green Jacket,"Still needs work but is still fun. anamations, sound affects and unit ai need work. 3rd person direct control veciles is cool."
76561198128151128,Recommended,302670,24560459,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheLostChampion,"Great game, good potential.. Just needs more players, i have talked to the devs a bit and they said they have some big plans for Call to Arms including bringing up the player count.... He wasnt allowed to go into specifics, but all he said was there are several big plans coming soon..."
,Not Recommended,302670,17797636,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Painless,"I am changing my review on the basis of the business practices of the developers.2 fractions were turned into DLC and cut from the base game.Men of War AS2 is a much better buy.  5 fractions, 5 campaigns."
,Recommended,302670,25038445,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Warkarma,"This game was on my scope for a long time, so I gave it a try with a ""Student version"". Fell in love and bought it. It plays something like COH but doesnt have annoying base building."
76561198308365085,Recommended,302670,35496368,Posted: 5 October,all,starhawkthepro,it is good game if you dont buy the full game becase you only get ten levls whel you do also get work shop so that is the big thing if you buy full and the work shop suck compeared to other game s
76561198018460505,Recommended,302670,17323127,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"Obviously there is still alot of work to be done, but this game is an excellent representation of modern war. With the ability for the addition of user content, I really hope this became becomes the new standalone Modern War simulator.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0a-GagLiZk&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z12ouldykzjmjlgbi04chd2rcxqjdlphjws0k"
76561198051129291,Not Recommended,302670,17654882,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Husky,"Do not buy this game, If you want to actually play you must by the more expensive delux version.. Otherwise it is multiplayer only and laggy as hell internet wise."
76561198011119666,Not Recommended,302670,26758426,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NapoleAn3,O k.u.r.w.a!Gib back mony.
76561198033984592,Not Recommended,302670,20656042,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Steve,"game is total ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥devs wont listen to customers requests they just say ""if you dont like it check back later after some updates""Arabs are way too over powered as i write this im currently in a 8 US vs 3 Arab bot match and the arabs are winning by alotunlike past MoW titals this game is unrealistic in every possible way damage models make no sense (a technical can survive and AP round some how)and units are Level locked... you may not think this is a big deal however it is matches become impossible to win because you are not given any decent base anti tank units so as soon as the other team spawns a tank then you may aswell leavethis is double for the Arab side you get NOTHING that can damage an Abrams there's been matches where i have to just leave because the other side spawns an Abramsjust this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and there's no way its going to improve in the time frame they have for full release"
,Not Recommended,302670,28295688,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"this is missing alot. i cannot even create number groups, a ""group of control+1."" I've played better games like what this game trys. Just play Company of Heroes 2.. its much much better.."
76561198054870043,Not Recommended,302670,21081825,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Tye Tass,"Bad blanceing issues, need mods to make the game more injoyable (why remove the lock units by level option?) American tanks can snipe and kill the russian tanks from across the map but the Russian ones need to be 4 meters away and have a side on shot to even damage the Abrams. Russian AT soldiers are a joke, after shooting 6+ RPG's into the side of a Abrams and having nothing happen gets a little tiring. But dont worry, when one Mlaw hits the frount of your T-80 and instantily explodes you'll feel really good. Russian squads are bigger then the American ones i guess to try to make it fair, but considering your base units are pretty much hajis with Mac-10's and they have M-60's, it doesn't make much of a difference."
,Recommended,302670,23300445,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,IC,"Не, ну за соточку-то можно!"
,Recommended,302670,23316820,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Vac,"This game is a modern day men of war you can say and its 10/10 it doesnt feel the same cuz the new engine its on it feels a bit better and the gameplay is smooth it runs so good it doesnt crash as much as it would in mowas 2 if you have mods in and they frequently update after update they put so much effort and they listen to what you guys want and ever since i heard it was coming to ealry acess i got it from then it made big steps like adding in tanks to adding new maps, also its not a as2 reskin the explosions are better effects are better the whole ui is nothing like the old games i recomend this game to all rts players and people that are fans of the men of war series."
76561198286619035,Recommended,302670,29813285,Posted: 9 February,all,gavinweber504,I have to say out of my 55 or so hours on this game it is great and all those negative comments the people who write them only have a few hours in game so they have no idea what there talking about. The only thing the game needs is more units but that being worked on.  Overall it's a great game
,Not Recommended,302670,29434592,Posted: 22 January,all,Jake Is Thonking,"Payed probably 30 bucks to get full content when first came out... ""sorry consumer you dont get full content and Dlc"" then this games becomes f2p, This is so sad"
,Not Recommended,302670,30235612,Posted: 27 February,all,[GSB] Dux LongTree [BFK],Do not buy this game the MP nations are really unbalanced (U.S) is better just go buy men of war AS2 or Battle of Empires please dont buy this game
,Not Recommended,302670,28158203,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SimonjoBGR,"Phew when I first bought it, I didn't like so I refunded it. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
,Not Recommended,302670,21167676,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Knugen,"I laughed myself in anger in the first&second mission then I ragequitted.Why?So, the UI and the gameplay basics is exactly the same as Men of War, which in some grade is acceptable since its the same developers.BUTSame sounds? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ random soldiers that shouts the EXACT same taunts as in MoW? How cheap can you be?And there was alot of annoyements with AI, as usual.Vehicles not shooting towards the enemy unless micromanaged, and they get confused between targets and just go back and forthfirst person has in vehicles been CHANGED, not IMPROVED.As in when those times you actually want the old MoW style, seeing from above, but steering as it would be first person, you cant. Its super annoyingIts cheap game, so... Its up to each one to determine if its worth it, but... I was just dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,302670,19925518,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,benimars,I purchased the delux edition hoping to be able to play single player but still unable.
76561198054215946,Not Recommended,302670,29448223,Posted: 23 January,all,[insertgoodusernamehere],i paid 30bucks on this game just for the fact that it will later be an f2p hell no i want my money back
,Recommended,302670,26758973,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DØGMA,"this is an amazing game theres a few bugs that need to be fixed but its only the beta so you cant hold it against it,1. a very cool semi realistic game2. strat game3. online games4. can be really tactical with friends5. more fun with friends"
76561198163434196,Not Recommended,302670,17938960,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,brandon.walker45,access to play a mission?
,Not Recommended,302670,30057459,Posted: 20 February,all,yung cash register,Almost no content whatsoever. Skip this and play Assault Squad 2 instead.
,Recommended,302670,17932247,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,omar_uav,wow game.
76561198028591429,Not Recommended,302670,19960388,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Solider 76,"Almost nothing change since the game launch, still sh**ty as f**k. They must be working in their dreams. Pretty much a reskined MOWAS2 even worst."
,Recommended,302670,17321888,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dessert Fox,If you like Men of war or Battle of Empires its basically the same thing.7/10 at the moment.
,Recommended,302670,26990017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mofu mofu,เกมสนุกดี มี f2p ให้ลองเล่น
76561197995611277,Not Recommended,302670,29748075,Posted: 6 February,all,drknssbfllsme,"cant get it to run the same version everyone else is playing if it even starts,cant get mods to run and no imformation on how to fix it"
76561197984709100,Not Recommended,302670,28261578,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dipshot/Rickoshay,"Wow.  I just got screwed by the developer.  I purchased the full version a while back when it was early release.  But the thing is... It's STILL EARLY RELEASE and they've now released a Deluxe version.  Did they reward us for buying the full version early on by giving us the Deluxe version?  Nope... we just go screwed over.  Now, we have to pay an additional $16.99 for DLC to an Early Release game.... and $27.99 for a seasons pass... to an early release game that we bought ages ago.So ask yourself... do you want to pay $$$ to a developer that seemingly rewards their ""early adopters"" by charging us more $$$ for DLC to a game that is STILL early release?   AVOID THIS GAME AND THIS DEVELOPER.  We go screwed.  Don't fall into the same trap.    Thanks Digital Mindsoft..  thanks for nothing.."
76561198120981379,Not Recommended,302670,17417074,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Prison Bitch,the game dosent let me select my units it just crashes and says access violation. is it just my luck or did i buy a failed copy of men of war?
76561198191135198,Recommended,302670,28833034,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,clark0844,"Regardless of the F2P, I like this gameIt's a RTS game combined with TPS. Units can either be controlled like any other RTS or controlled directly. When vehicles are under direct control, it feels like playing the modern World of Tanks, and the UI is pretty well developed, at least for me. As for the infantry direct control mode, it seems that the game cannot run smoothly but perhaps that's because my desktop is not powerful enough.For the upcoming updates, hope the new factions can be added asap and devs really need to hurry. This game has been at the Early Access stage for ages."
76561198163262152,Not Recommended,302670,23327037,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Bubba,The lack off content is real.The game is short and the multiplayer is bugy as ♥♥♥♥ for me!In a beta i expect more content from the game...There are like 2 factions in hole ♥♥♥♥ing game!I give it a 5/10 in a beta maybe it will be better but now its not worth a buy...And the updates are slow af.
76561198115902913,Not Recommended,302670,28550878,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Locke,"Bought this game last year, I also bought the deluxe edition because it looks promising, but WTF, now that I checked this game now they want us to buy the season pass. Just wow, RTS games aren't what they used to be nowadays because of microtransactions. smh"
76561198105187989,Not Recommended,302670,24464792,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GERxHood,its bad ....... play MoW2 insted
76561197973149646,Not Recommended,302670,20406739,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,garyp156,"If you think this is the new MOW, then think again.  It looks and feels close but HAS NO SINGLE PLAYER.Sorry, none."
,Not Recommended,302670,22211830,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Elkaj Gayt,Would not recommend. Really laggy multiplayer. Odd movement mechanics. Could see it improving later.
76561198005971204,Not Recommended,302670,34443794,Posted: 23 August,all,MPLAY7,"Score 1/10 Please see headmaster.- F2P BS- Microtransactions BS- RTS or FPS?? Who knows.- Main Menu is trash- They should have made a propper offline skirmish mode aggainst differnt AI playing styles, with abililty to save anytime with 30+ maps and 10 differnt factions.Digitalmindsoft clearly doesnt know how to make a game. This is how to NOT make a game.Let down too many times. Digitalmindsoft, never again.Still waiting for a new Command & Conquer game.Note: sorry for spelling"
76561198012601109,Recommended,302670,17377627,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,GefreiterLV95,good
,Recommended,302670,17324431,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hawkeye,"Its more than a modern men of war and shows so much more potential to be a great game, Having much fun and the maps aren't bad either The Dam is a particular favourite reminds me of C&C Generals. The textures are great and craters actually look realistic though in some parts a bit to clean needs a bit more of a weathered look that I expect will be perfected as the game progresses. I bought the deluxe edition can't be happier I'm going by the logic you get what you pay for that's how much of an optimist I am, yes the AI is a little dumb, but its first days of early access its expected. Its your choice but I don't reccomend listening to the negative comments I dare say they put negative comments on everything, if you want a finished game wait till it's finished.EDIT."
,Recommended,302670,17340389,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Peshka,Great RTS build around direct squad control. It's refreshing to see a modern setting instead of in space or WWII.
76561198253503316,Recommended,302670,20104658,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,amaarkash,"nice game, direct control cam wont let you see anything, men of war direct control camera much better and very nice view from above+direct control"
,Recommended,302670,17364325,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,ERROR 404 Team not found,Multiplayer only play?? not play Singleplayer?? or to buy Call to Arms - Deluxe Edition??
76561198119612261,Recommended,302670,21779230,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Xnueks,I LIKE IT
,Not Recommended,302670,23686510,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Defective_Merp,I'm honestly a bit dissapointed by this game.The game showed a lot of promise in the beginning but after a while it's become a bit of a drag as this is only a modern version of Men at War. I would have preferred to see this game made by the same designers who made men at war or company of heroes 2. The game lacks flow and half the time the ai just stares at eachother and doesn't even shoot.
76561198026354659,Recommended,302670,29571247,Posted: 29 January,all,General Cookie,"I've played Call to Arms for a short time, I know it's not enough to make a fair judgement of a game that is actually a mod to Men of War:Vietnam, I found this out when one of the soldiers yelled out ""For Uncle Sam!"" That's the same line in Men of War:Vietnam. I could have easily played the real Men of War game than this, but this game does come with a nice look for a game and it's not at all bad, it's impressive for a mod that's for sure, only wish that everyone else could see it. Though, most of the reviews were people who've most likely not even played Men of War, this is a good alternative to it at best. Seeing as the game plays just like Men of War if not better with a First Person mode when controlling a soldier, easily switch from third person to first, though it's a little...clunky. The soldier doesn't happen to fire about half the time when you fire, sprinting is jagged as well.Now, the game is fun, yes, but it still has some things to fix, which is what you can expect from an Early Access game. I'm sure it will be fully fleshed out once it's fully complete."
76561197993506369,Not Recommended,302670,19766409,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Sagira,Bought it because i really loved the MoW series. Good for them that i bought it before the Steam refund policy. Dont touch it.
76561198160462636,Not Recommended,302670,25333198,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Padruig,I played for half an hour and immediately lost interest.  Always play a demo or watch an LP before you buy.
,Recommended,302670,18818704,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SucoVidya,"Don't know enough about this yet to make a decision?Its a top down styled rts which has features a akin to that of games like Commandos 3. Variable camera angles and the ability to take command of your soldier individually or a vehicles and correct its aim for better accuracy in exchange for a loss of perspective on the larger scale battle.This is where Command and Conquer meets Commandos with a squirt of Company of Heroes.If you like games like ARMA 3 and Company of Heros this is the hybrid for you.It literally feels like you were to put Commandos' character contol into the engine of Company of Heroes within the evironment of the Arma 3 RHS mod.Some of the more intimate character commands are a but tricky and less responsive than to be desired but for it's current state ad an easrly access feature it has enough controlability and content, not to mention the already growing Workshot Content, to warrant several hours worth of addictive gameplay per session.As someone completely new to the franchise, this is a refreshing game with a unique mili-sim / sector control / conquest / survival cornerstone to its foundation.Worth the money to pay for it in its current state. As mentioned there are bugs and some frustrating mechanics for individual unit functions but we can only hope they will be smoothened out.== pro's & cons ==My biggest con about the game  is that this may not be for friends who live far apart to play together. When I was uploading to my youtube channel whilst playing this my entire lobby suffered lag that would cause the game to stop momentarily, quite often, when my ping surpassed 350ms. When not uploading and having enough free bandwidth to keep my ping below 80ms there were no issues. I havent tested any further ranges of ping between.My biggest pro woul dbe that to play this with your friends is one of the most interesting and engaging games to participate in as a team. Roles can be given or you can just play it your own way. Theres are so many playstyle possibilites for this. You can choose to just control a small group of specialists and leave the rest of the companies within your force to be managed by your team mates or you can choose to have a little bit of everything. Do you prefer to play the sniper elite or the vehicle company or do you want to play them all?I reccommend this game, for its target audience; which would be people who want a milisim / rts  or as close as they can get to it."
,Not Recommended,302670,28081356,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bandage77,denis game
,Recommended,302670,28928357,Posted: 1 January,all,funplay2004,"although i cant really play it due to issues between it and the work shop, only being able to do safe mode i still love just hope i can get that issue fixed but, buy it i doubt it will happen to you"
76561198152975748,Not Recommended,302670,33160335,Posted: 2 July,all,PostwarGamer,did not work for me
,Recommended,302670,26755678,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Anderson,"I havent played in a while, but i like to see that the developers are doing everything to improve the game. I rather they milk some stuff to finish the game rather then just abandon it. And the game even unfinished is good. I just hope they add more SP stuff as i'm don't play MP much."
,Not Recommended,302670,32065474,Posted: 30 May,all,[ZSU] ScottyDontNZ,"I'm super confused, I brought this game nesrly 2 years ago, have not played it for ages, just came back and now it wants me to buy it again!? WTF!"
76561198101696160,Recommended,302670,30878189,Posted: 1 April,all,LTylercc,"Hit a T-80 with 4 anti tank rockets, then one shots my abrams10/10 would tank again"
76561198141567992,Recommended,302670,17335979,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,skjarvis102812,"what a freaking awesome game, i didnt like it at first becuase it was hard. but once you figure it out, you will love it!"
76561197968533929,Recommended,302670,17473951,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,magnetmannen,"If you like to MICROMANAGE EVERYTHING in a whole battle then this game is for you, if you like intelligent soldiers who can take orders without running directly into enemy fire , all on a single line, then this game is probably not for you.crashes a LOT in current beta."
76561198008822225,Recommended,302670,17606476,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Rhah,KA BOOM
76561198022444046,Not Recommended,302670,18415958,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,zebowic,"Just downloaded yesterday by sale off, however singleplayer is EMPTY!, nothing to play there and hitting the skirmish button will redirect you to LAN in multiplayer... Something is wrong"
76561198021579137,Recommended,302670,17358711,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,nrak555,Not much content yet but it follow the Men of War formula. If you to see how it developes get it now but most people will want to get it later down the line when has more content.If you liked Men of war you will like Call to arms but you might want to wait a few more patches.
,Recommended,302670,17476373,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ciaphas Cain,"Ever since this game has been advertised, I considered it a very likely purchase. I enjoy the MofW series myself, and thought that a modern version would be interesting. Nothing beats a classic humvee ambush ! :PI definitely recommend this game to those who like excellent strategy and a refreshing take on modern military RTS."
,Recommended,302670,17890879,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Keg,My balls like this game.
,Recommended,302670,17405725,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,iMPERIALSTORMTROOPER,"Awsome gameplay from what i have played so far, wish there were more vehicles to use and play with"
76561197970893776,Recommended,302670,17700059,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Herr Waffeln,"One helluva weekend activity! I love the new 3rd person control feature, but the tanks could move a little faster. But... who cares when you get to play through specialized levels, like sneakin' around in Ghillie suit or even flyin' a helicopter. It's an absolute gem of a game. There are few better buys for your money."
,Recommended,302670,20766950,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ex +1s,I know Why US ARMY can't win that war.....
76561198039300814,Recommended,302670,23289941,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,2017,worth a buy
76561198082985691,Recommended,302670,23332706,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ZephyrXZ,"Its a great game all in all for being in early access, though there are quite many bugs and some are game breaking.Mentioning one i am experiencing is that whenever i go to the second SP Mission called \""unbreakable\"" i cannot finish it, whenever i finished both objectives after defending the base and clearing out the village, the mission wont end but all the objectives are marked with a checkmark.Hopefully a developer reads this review so they can fix this as its truly game breaking and its preventing me and problably others from progressing in the campaign"
,Recommended,302670,19045680,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Amphore,░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,302670,29624236,Posted: 1 February,all,Tixo,very nice game8/10
76561198281306913,Recommended,302670,25219520,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Stargatesg1cdc,I love this game but will this be coming out on mac later
76561198158556100,Recommended,302670,23048776,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dragon747,"This is a pretty fun game, the only down side is, there arent very many vehicles."
76561198159634016,Recommended,302670,23234630,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Andrei,"Давненько не играл в игру. Не давно зашел,увидел обновления установил его, обновление понравилось. Но куда подевались онлайн баталии? За целый день получается сыграть одну игру."
76561198151898464,Recommended,302670,27414855,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,REYNALDI VALEVI,THIS GGWP :D BUT WITH DLC NOT GG :3 :'( -_-
76561198089667034,Recommended,302670,19699522,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,julek.89 (Busy with gf <3),This game has got a lot of potential just like every other other MoW in the series.Mods offer tons of interesting scenarios in editor and the community isnt very toxic.Would recommend for anyone that loves RTS games.
76561198097976993,Not Recommended,302670,22178958,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,㊏Beelzeboss,"not saying the game is bad, i just think there are better startgey games out there. I dislike the fact that i cant click on a group of soliders and send them somewhere. insted it only selects one solider. the layout for new units isint the great either. and your units just die way to quickly. And from what i have tried there is no quick map select. so i cant click on a point off the map and go there i have to drag the mouse over and by that point my men are dead. after more time with the game my opnion has not improved. my units die even with supior cover. when they make contact they just stand in the open insted of moving to the cover i sent them to. and even if healing the units it does nothing. throwing graneds is pointless because your guy sprits out of cover to do it. given this is early access it has time to improve."
,Recommended,302670,24788760,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,HipaHipa,"This game is like dream come true, since i am fan of Men of War series, please don't hesitate to buy this early access game the game is worth your support."
76561198349231402,Recommended,302670,29617895,Posted: 31 January,all,Redcat121,fun
76561198013397733,Recommended,302670,29430029,Posted: 22 January,all,Trixie,"Get it if you're a fan of the MoW games and always wanted a modern era game from the MoW series, it's still in early access but I haven't encountered a single crash or a bug that made the game unplayable.The biggest issues I found with the game was the AI and its pathfinding, sometimes enemy or friendly AI will get stuck in places or completely stop moving their vehicles mid-game, but nothing too bad as the vehicles could still fire at anything that moved into their range.The current units look pretty good with a lot of detail, both infantry and vehicles, animations are a bit lacking and could use more polish, but again, it's an early access title, saying that doesn't mean much since everything still needs polish.Hopefully through out the development the game will lose more and more of the MoW look, like the UI and voice lines are straight from the MoW series so the game still gives a sort of feeling that it's just a modern era mod for the MoW games instead of being a full game of its own.if you're interested in the game, then get it, it'll help the developers finish it properly, too many early access games are being abandoned by devs these days, but at least these guys are ready to go through with it, they interact with the community, answer questions on the forums and even made me reconsider my opinion of the game as my previous review was negative."
76561198033023650,Recommended,302670,33565062,Posted: 15 July,all,Godfather,7/10 amazing game but shouldn't have made this free after me paying for the normal game and not the deluxe edition
76561198151344695,Recommended,302670,23356188,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DiamondXD,"Dear  Digitalmindsoft,Please listen to the community, if they want to play Tetris in a call to arms game do it.The community / buyer is always right and I promise you the rating will sky high if you do this.A happy community bring good rating.Good rating bring attention.More attention more publicity.More publicity more opportunity.More opportunity more costumer.More costumer - Add to cart.Yours sincerely,Nobody"
76561198056048507,Recommended,302670,17392265,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tyler.linsley,it wont let me play single player? does anyone know why
,Recommended,302670,21166202,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HotShotSlug83,great game with a lot of fun behind it
,Recommended,302670,21396316,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Sherman19985,It is a very good game
76561198195240987,Recommended,302670,18333019,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,chrstopherq2003,The game wont let me play it keeps saying excetion this program will be terminated
76561197987172823,Recommended,302670,30099496,Posted: 22 February,all,‡The Brigadier‡,great game pathfinding is abit dumb
76561198170309501,Recommended,302670,28454741,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,callguygamer,what i liked was how detailed every think is and the units but what i dislike is not many units i know its still in development and the one thing i most dislike is the first pirson i wish there was a option for 1st pirson and 3rd pirson other tan that i like this game
76561198087568489,Recommended,302670,19795279,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,VAZGHOUL,super nice game. i like it so far.PRO: - realistic combat- good strategy combat.- have editor to make your own map to share- mods  YES! and you can also make your own mod.CONS: - so far none
76561198073903738,Recommended,302670,33492565,Posted: 12 July,all,THE DON,IT GOOD LIKE ♥♥♥♥Y ♥♥♥♥Y SLAG FOR QUID
76561198277406128,Recommended,302670,22745079,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,hunterbuddygames,"This is what it says word to wordExceptionProgram will be terminatedAPP_ERROR: Not SDL file! (eSDLReader.cpp, 17)EIP=74ffdad8 [main_loop]EAX=072cf2b8         EBX=0c720600            ECX=00000004EDX=00000000ESI=072cf480           EDI=0c720604             ESP=072cf2b8EBP=072cf310> > core:init>file ""@/profiles/317140400/keys.set""Call to Arms (Beta) - vo.830.0 - standard2016.05.01 12:18 - 0x00C25DC1After I fixed it this game is great so if you ave problems just contact a developer!"
,Recommended,302670,30937520,Posted: 4 April,all,TheMacauOne,I got the Ultimate Edition and i can't use any other faction other than The US and that isis thingUPDATE:kinda hype for the end of beta now :)
,Recommended,302670,19155282,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,shrouded lemon,plays well looks swell 10/10
,Recommended,302670,23636065,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cold Demon,"[Update 20171007]Since the latest update, I can't play anymore missions. Whether it's the single player or multiplayer.Everytime I started the mission (SP/MP), it'd crash saying something about music pak. Even opening the ""Extras"" tab made it crash. MEHIt seems I need to redownload all of the ♥♥♥♥ data, with this limited internet speed and quota. I dunno whether redownload will fix the problem or not. But please..............I thought I'd buy the season pass, but NAH. I'll see if it's worth it or not.As for now, I'll just wait for the next update_______________________________________________If you love Men of War, then you should buy this.Exactly like MoW..Just love it, really :3Have the deluxe version."
,Recommended,302670,28314632,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,~S9~ Jango_Fettkill,Pretty dank meme
76561198084407213,Recommended,302670,25233251,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,avi312singh,"Get it, amazing RTS strategy game.. Waiting for more content to be added as in beta atm.... New controls new graphics new units etc etc!! Amazing"
76561198084468678,Recommended,302670,21283266,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,WAROFTIMEWW3,"Love this game, verry fun and way better than MOW"
76561198066208966,Recommended,302670,20593144,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RCMPDEERE,Great game just like Men Of War Assult Squad but 10 times better
,Recommended,302670,21325385,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SADU,Perfect War Game 1000 %
,Recommended,302670,34205773,Posted: 12 August,all,Crazy Leprechaun,What is the difference between  0.094.0 and 0.094.1 and why won't they connect in multi player
76561197984748509,Recommended,302670,23968887,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,S-triker,Good game!
76561198152353159,Recommended,302670,23930115,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Frostkher,"the UI is messed up and tank shots are not so good, but other than that this is a good game"
76561198335470699,Recommended,302670,33250427,Posted: 4 July,all,shrenshah007,The game is fantasticFinally detected my nvidia cardBt unsure whether to ask for refund or nt cauz multiplayer is still locked and that is what ill be playing
,Recommended,302670,32271306,Posted: 8 June,all,Not Father,just for play with mod
,Recommended,302670,32239890,Posted: 7 June,all,Capt_Nomad,best fps game ever xD
76561198242642306,Recommended,302670,32138575,Posted: 2 June,all,sirnedyah,good game
,Recommended,302670,18114763,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hentai Warrior,"Same good oldMen of War, but set in modern day themePros:Great graphicsThey finally made the camera look where your turret is aiming (Vehicle ""Direct control"")Better animationsCons:The game is inAlphastate and crashes regularlyNot much tech (yet): 3 Tanks, a few APC's and carsOptimisation isnt good, i can run most of recent games on High-Max settings with a smooth stable 60fps, but here i get fps drops and stutters, but keeping in mind that its Alpha, it will probably get fixed closer to releaseThe game looks good so far, but at its current state, its too early to buy it, i would recomend to wait till the release"
76561198215236191,Recommended,302670,18289525,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GusGelber,awesome game does need to be finished and polished
76561198064104848,Recommended,302670,18094400,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,majorcamo,"Well to start, everyone looking at this should be aware that it is in an alpha, problems will occur. However, I have only ran into 1 so far: an invincible enemy soldier.Pros- Is probably one of the few if not the only modern strategy game where the only strategy isn't to make fourty of every unit and just throw it all at the enemy's base. You must use caution and use your units wisely.- Kind of goes with the above statement. Armored units are not abundant, you cannot throw armor at the enemy like in ""World in Conflict"" and hope you win. With that being said, World in Conflict is still a very good game.- Ammo: In the original Men of War and Assault Squad 1, you had to drag ammo to each individual soldier, this gets tiresome when you have an entire army to re-arm. In Call to Arms, soldiers are automatically rearmed when close to an ammo box, no more pointless dragging.- Realistic units and weapons: Has many up to date firearms and vehicles. Should please gun nuts and vehicle gurus alike.Cons- Currently limited in terms of actual gameplay, only 4 SP missions currently, and a few more MP maps. but it is still in alpha so it's not that big of deal.- Audio: Currently uses Men of War's voices and weapon audio (cant say for all weapons). Again, hopefully this will be changed in the beta or final release.- Bugs: have only ran into 1 bug (invincible enemy) not that big of deal but I did have to restart the map.- Workshop- currently a lot of the workshop content is unusable as they need to be updated, but that can change at any moment.To finish, it is a great game for a person wanting a modern strategy game that doesn't involve spamming 30,000 tanks and attacking the enemy. You will need to strategize. Also, GET THE DELUXE VERSION, save yourself $5.00 and just get the deluxe to begin with. I would strongly recommend this game to my friends."
76561198067817526,Recommended,302670,18307156,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Vert-boi,"Very good game! :DCannot wait for this game to be finished, it is still in early alpha but it still is a very good game!7/10 at the moment"
76561198024049393,Recommended,302670,21799134,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TinhNghia,"Nice Game 9/10 at the moment, first time playing this type of game i enjoying it at the moment hope there more content and improvement, more factions to pick from would be nice"
,Recommended,302670,22387534,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,JERry,"In-game: The game handles pretty well, and has little to no bugsEditor: CRASHES EVERY TIME I TRY TO SAVE"
,Recommended,302670,23992868,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wick71,"If you enoy MOW, you will enjoy this. Enough said."
76561198102310637,Recommended,302670,18251090,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ksean091,"This game is a piece of crap right now....love men of war games, but what the hell."
76561198040721528,Recommended,302670,21379079,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,stoney,"I still give the game a try, ever so often to see if it's improving. Not soo much. The Graphics actualy got worst, started to get blurry, then I hit ESC and BACK, and it better. I feel the first person perspective is all wrong, use Assault Squad 2 perspective. Things just getting slower. Don't like the LOAD game option not showing my EXACT SAVE NAMES. Please, work on the BASICS, get them working....don't nibble, Just Bite, Swallow, Repeat. Just had to add the Walking Dead. I'll keep checking in."
76561198060964051,Recommended,302670,24474075,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DRY TRUMPING,"As a tactical RTS, this game does everything right and you would be doing yourself a disservice for not buying this game if you are an RTS player. There are only two things wrong with this game: the framerate for my high end pc is below 30 when I'm directly controlling vehicles, and it isn't very populated at the moment. Other than that, 10/10."
76561198063023124,Recommended,302670,32659431,Posted: 22 June,all,Andrejavic,"It's like Command and Conquer for adults. Minus the hearing of ""silos needed"" every minute."
76561198009334538,Not Recommended,302670,19450514,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,swoop34,Update on this game  : DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY - i bought this game at the original price and they are now tellilng me after they orginally said we would have access to everything in this game we now have to purchase additional content - do not support them - they lie -they dont have any real updates. They change their developer log and thing people wont see it after the fact - and try to say oh now we didnt say that - then you have the screen shot to prove that it did say something and they just stop responding. WORST COMPANY EVER - cheating and swindling - DO NOT BUY - this was great to play prior to this update -
,Recommended,302670,27893398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Power Turtle | DK,"I love this game, i bought it as soon as it came out in EA..Same engine as MoW:AS2, a lot less content, but i feel that everything have gotten better..."
,Recommended,302670,24784073,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Chris Hansen,"A lot of fun, Couldnt really grasp the MoW series but this one is just better, I Will say that I prefer modern units but I think the modes and game mechanics are a lot of fun. I hope as time goes on they add more maps for extraction and maybe more factions like UK, Israel and others."
76561198031564612,Recommended,302670,27870528,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ChaosManor,The game is great. But you would probebly get a better bang for your buck if you just get men of war assault squad 2 and download the red rising mod. Or you could buy this game and get the cold war mod.
76561198092445363,Recommended,302670,25199352,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[Styx] DOOMSDAYDEVIL24,A great game concept but for a game that is in beta I would expect more polishing.
76561197962064766,Not Recommended,302670,17304693,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Jon,"I really wanted to like this game, but I sadly cannot recommend it at this point. 3/10Don't let the screenshots fool you, it's essentially a modded version of MOW: Assault Squad, updating it from WWII to modern day. While that may sound cool, you can already do this... with mods.. that don't cost $20. (Remeber when Steam tried to charge for Workshop items?)It's also in extreme early access, so all you can do is play small infantry battles with crappy AI, or try your luck at matchmaking (which crashes the game half the time). I'm sure this will improve with time.I've been following the developer blogs for a few months, and while they do have great 'plans' for the future, I'm not convinced it's enough to open my wallet for."
76561198073437709,Not Recommended,302670,20713775,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,VIETBOY,yo get rid of the level ups for the factions
,Not Recommended,302670,19978160,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pablito,"I bought this game, spent 45 minutes trying to join a game.Every time I joined a game, I would get kicked because i have a low rank.There are only around 7 lobbies open at any given time so it is impossible to rank up.After I get in a lobby that doest kick me, the host kicks about 10 people and then my game crashes.No single player.10/10 will return again."
,Not Recommended,302670,30106840,Posted: 22 February,all,Warmonger,"I tried this game out and I'm glad I didnt buy it. The only thing this game has going for it is the modern units. But you don't have access to them, You only have access to multiplayer and skirmish. Singleplayer isn't even worth the price. 10 missions. And you have to pay for that. Seriously stick with assault squad 2There are mods out there that already accomplish what this game is trying to do, and they are free..With all the benefits.(Update)I Tried it again. Still garbage."
76561198087362806,Not Recommended,302670,17393117,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,billybourne217,no sp?
,Not Recommended,302670,28423458,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Desperado,"So I bought this game knowing the series I thought I put my money to use...Only to find out that they went free to play and basicly screwed you wallet over, again.These devs seem to have a problem finishing products and are already bussy on the next project knowing this one isn't even finished for 10% and if you call that bad.These games are nothing else than a reskin of the older engine with a tiny upgrade here and there. Until they get their sh/t together and bring us top nots games like men of war vietnam... f*ck digitalmindsoft..."
,Not Recommended,302670,19272733,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,flarg,smh
76561198206022305,Not Recommended,302670,22200860,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Daddy Ethan,Ok so I played MOW2 and loved it so I bought this game hoping for the same great thing to happen but instead I get 4-6 FPS and on MOW2 I get 60 FPS. I would love to play this game but I cant do to the FPS being at 4-6 all the time.
76561198100897427,Recommended,302670,26989110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-UF- Specter,"Well I don't know what happened to my first review for this game but whatever.So where to begin. Lets start with the F2P thing as people currently don't understand it. The F2P version only incudes multiplayer, not the campaign nor does it work with mods, if you pay for the game you get all of this and the fact that you know you are supporting the developers create this already amazing game.Next, onto the new update. There have been lots of new and cool features added into the game. Now you are able to play as the infantry in 3rd person which is really fun and I enjoy it alot. The also upgraded the textures and graphics from what I can tell. It also runs smoother now, I mean it ran smooth before but now there is now problems whatsoever.Now the season pass, I myself have not purchased the deluxe edition nor the season pass but I do plan to. Basically the deluxe edition gives you early access to stuff while in the beta as well as some items to show that you own the deluxe edition. And the season pass, the Devs have confirmed that they will not be releasing DLC during early access, however once the game is finished they plan on releasing new campaigns such as a Russian and German campaign as DLC. It is much like what Rainbow Six Siege did, if you purchase the Season Pass you will recieve betas for the new DLC as well as the fully finished DLC early. Not a bad deal if you ask me.And finally the game itself, graphically the game looks really well done. The UI looks really cool and it feels like a modern version of MoW: AS2's UI. And with the recent update the textures as I said before have all be upgraded. Soundwise the game is pretty good, the music is really well done and the weapon fire sound like their realife counterparts. Now for the real question, ""How does the game itself play out?"". Well the answer to that is simple, it is much like MoW: AS2. It is very obvious that this is a modern version of MoW: AS2 which I really like. All is all the gameplay is very fun and well done. Congrats to the devs for making this game as great as it is.Final Rating: 9/10My main reason for not giving it 10/10 is because of a current lack of content but hat can be expected with a game in early access. Once more content is added in I will update the review. I highly recommend this game."
76561198157714160,Recommended,302670,17366767,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,specter4432,"If you love the mow series you should give call to arms a try,though single player and vehicles are not yet available you can still takem for a test run using SirHinkels mod in multiplayer,though the game is lacking some spit and polish as of yet it gives you a good feeling as to what the finished product will be and i had fun fighting a modern war game for a change(i confess i missed my Tiger while fighting off those darn t80's).Waiting for the finished product may be a good idea unless your really into this type of game but so far so great and it will only get better,in my humble opinion of course.UPDATE After all the updates and polish this game is definitely a must get and the mods are really good,its worth the price for SirHinkels mod alone!"
76561197975327127,Not Recommended,302670,17401122,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,VCWIZ,Total Bulls**t.  There's no single player mode and there are no players out there to support multiplayer.  Save your money.  This is obscene.
76561198263603136,Recommended,302670,29454720,Posted: 23 January,all,Anonymous 2,this game is great. I met a dude on here who introduced me to my dream girl.10/10 would join random server againGameplay? WTF is that?
,Not Recommended,302670,29975771,Posted: 16 February,all,Needles,Unimpressed.
76561198071541078,Not Recommended,302670,17442072,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Liam,What the hell happen to direct control mode ?!   I can not even tell which direction my vechicle is heading !
76561198002589014,Recommended,302670,22083940,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,One of the deepest and most satisfing RTS experiences!Brilliant even in beta...
76561198008259826,Recommended,302670,17322963,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,TheDog,"came back to rewrite this, i been playing the crap out of this after initially being disspointed. i had to remind myself that this is in fact early access, so the lack of content is no longer surprising. the combat is hard but rewarding. using actual tactics like support by fire, flanking, bounding etc actually leads to victory.so lets do pros and consPros:- attention to detail is pretty neat. in the real world US army support units (aviation, transport, etc) often still get issued m16a4's while front line grunts will have m4's. this holds true in call to arms.- using tactics leads to victory. support by fire, flanking, bounding etc. actually help you win. you dont just simply send in all your troops onto the X and let it play out.- the games seem fairly balanced most of the time- gameplay is just flatout fun- the market place already has content, so it shows the potential for a good communityCons:- for some this might be a con so i will list it, not using tactics will lead to your demise. if you dont want to micro manage your units then this game is not for you. if you dont, you will probably loose a lot.- its early access and thus it still lacks content. no vehicles in at the moment so its strictly infantry combat- no singleplayer campaign, just MP pvp. you do have the option to enable bots though so you can setup singleplayer matches in a multiplayer environment."
,Recommended,302670,17316936,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[AVRG] TaB,"I think Real Time Tactical games deserve a little more love. This one feels a blend of XCOM and Call of Duty, which is a combonation I can get behind. It's looking like it could be the spiritual successor to World in Conflict, and I would definitely not be upset by that."
76561198196879828,Not Recommended,302670,34514750,Posted: 26 August,all,Jaysh,This game just feels and looks like a money grab
76561198047125082,Recommended,302670,17375389,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Shaunn,i would recomend this game its great game and have alot of potential.i recomend that u buy this game and support them.its worth the 21.99 $
,Recommended,302670,17317255,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Frank Castle,The Combat is sick nasty.
,Recommended,302670,18405111,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,WestDEng1991,Take my money!!!
76561198229064028,Not Recommended,302670,22981280,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Татар,"Тупые янки,выкупили проект у отечественных разработчиков,которые переделали технику в современную,затем оставили речь бойцов,как в Тылу Врага,сделали отвратительную компанию из 5 миссий за своих же глупых американских солдат,забыв про другие нации после того,как я удалил эту игру затем установил она не запускается за 400 руб вы получите 5 миссий компании за янок и имбовую технику,старую,ржавую технику для РФ вплоть до Катюши и старых машин,для разведки с пулеметом с броней,которую хабибы пробивают с СВД,а нового танка Армата хватает на 2 мин боя,но это не все новейший Абрамс США 780мм брони,горит,взрывается одни выстрелом по всем критериям уступающиму ему Т-80 в этой игре у Американцев бронированные хаммеры,грузовики для пехоты,а у русских Уралы и УАЗ-31512"
76561198142097821,Not Recommended,302670,17457789,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,NigaHiga,"Somthing is wrong with the new update. Before my gpu runs on 35-50 c now its up to 90c!. Also every time i host or join a game, the graphics are all blurry and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I run this game in 50 fps before this update. I still recommend the game, if they fix the problem"
76561198133377366,Recommended,302670,17323482,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,TheTestyDuck,"Although buggy,since in beta,I really suggest this game.Pros:The Modern Era introduces two factions,GRM and USA. With Workshop,people prepare for more factions soon. The amount of editing the creators have done in order to create this is impressive,with new AI,animations,vehicles,and more. Also,I have begun using helicopters. Those REALLY Need work however. Both factions have had alot of work for texturizing and making it feel modern instead of a ww2 reskin. I have not experienced any crashes in game.Cons:Only one con,which is really picky-ish. A few buildings are not texturized."
76561198038713273,Recommended,302670,20132385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,rexpw622,"A really great game, people are just impatient and write bad reviews because of stuff the Devs say and are working on. You know they could of just released the game in a year or to when they where done. But they released it now so we could give feedback. Anyways it is a great game, go watch some gameplay."
76561198028463467,Not Recommended,302670,28690994,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,superspartan2,Wow it's ..............  F2P...........  know ........... great ..................(KILL ME!!)
,Recommended,302670,26765056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ilexa,Black Hawk Down is a good movie.
,Not Recommended,302670,24816114,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,cANe,"Stay far away from this game, 1-year of early access and the core gameplay is still downright unplayable.Clunky UI, poor performance and downright stupid AI are only some of the things that will frustrate you when you are trying to play this game.Even if you do love the previous Men of war games, like I did, I would still not even close recommend this mess of a game"
76561198057556638,Not Recommended,302670,28263500,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dawso,"good game, love the series. but the devs decided to follow the usual money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and grabbed our money in early access then leave us hungry for the game we were promised. wait till this is finished before you buy"
,Not Recommended,302670,30421505,Posted: 9 March,all,Michael,y u do dis? :(
,Recommended,302670,26797142,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mikehobbit,thumbs up play it
76561198162252222,Recommended,302670,27603973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CFG100,"This game is very amazing. I will not lie. it took me a few days to get it to work, but it was worth it. People may call it a clone of Men of War, but its not exactly. It is in its way a unique game. The problem in this game is that getting it to run is complicated. I had to look up old forums and stuff to figure it out. I will leave a small how to get this game to run in the review. This game needs alot of work to become great, but i can see it becoming a great game on steam. Just know as soon as you download the game will be a pain in your♥♥♥♥♥and say no untill you get it what it wants.So now ill do my best to explain how i got it going, I don't take credit for the methode, because i looked up how to on the forums. this is just to save you time if your even reading the reviews.1. Check you computer in update center for any OPTIONAL updates. I emphasize this because the materials required to get the game are not considered essential updates.  Download the ones that say somthing like (redist.x64) or (redist.x86) NOTE THAT THAT IS INCLUDED IN THE UPDATE NOT THE WHOLE NAME so you may have to do some reading.2. Once you have done that, you must go to your computer files go through this path (It may not be exact as mine if you have moved files around)    Files / C drive or OS (C:) / program files / steam / steam apps/ common / Call to Arms / _common redist / vcredist / 2015 / vc_redist.x64.exe or the other one vc_redist.x84.exerun the vc_redist ones as admin to make it workIt may also tell you if you tried to start the game through files and not steam that you are missing a file calledapi-ms-crt-string-1l-1-0.dll   or   api-ms-crt-convert-1l-1-0.dll    or   api-ms-crt-runtime-1l-1-0.dllI had to download the first 2 from a website calledopendll.comyou just need to enter the missing file into search and then add download at the end. It will not be at the top but be somewhere on the first page of the search list. I would leave a link, but it woudn't let me enter in the review for whatever reason.At this point you MAY have to extract it (I didn't for some reason) I don't think you have too so it is if you are able to or not. When done extracting or not extracting at all, simply drag the file into your Call to Arms folder.It should work. If it does not you can look up the forums and find a better answer. I just wanted to help anywone so that way you don't have as much struggle as I did. Hope it does end up helpful."
,Recommended,302670,17325254,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,albertnikolaus24,can u help it says  not SDL file ???? CAn u help
76561198033603190,Recommended,302670,17336931,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,CPT Scraggly Beard,Very fun there are already several Workshop missions that make this well worth the investment. More to come from the Devs and this is fun as it is.
76561198131612537,Recommended,302670,17343859,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,THE REAL AMERICAN,where do i go to report bugs in this game
76561198203113859,Not Recommended,302670,23329130,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,seamanaviator,Black Screen after the Invasion Mission.
,Not Recommended,302670,17975936,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,gogach,Dont know if this is because of alpha but if it is it sucks. Can't start a singleplayer campaign (only option is skirmish).
76561198176030527,Not Recommended,302670,21251856,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,pejalan_maiyah,"only two faction, USA & GRM, is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. only has abrams & T80 in tank battle is boring really. its will be great if this game add more faction and more vehicle, or at least add more MBT like leopard from germany."
,Recommended,302670,24485694,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Acekiler 45,I miss being able to blow the helmets off the US soldiers please add it other than that the game is good.
,Not Recommended,302670,30417329,Posted: 9 March,all,Margret,"I paid £20 for a free to play game, well thanks fo f***ing me over, what do i get for £20 not even a season passs......"
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,302670,24773973,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NIN2,frustrating
76561198268803248,Recommended,302670,29568146,Posted: 29 January,all,leothelion404,amazing ol o lo o l o l
76561198091599512,Not Recommended,302670,23657850,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Vyyrakk,♥♥♥♥♥♥ expansion for MOW.
,Recommended,302670,18594850,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Scumlyz,great game but one thing if anyone could help me out. i cant play missons
76561198133988885,Recommended,302670,18948241,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pvt. Smith [2nd RB],Recomended to all. It's better than all Men of Wars combined. (My opinion) And if you need help the developers are very friendly and helpful. It is a perfect game with many possiblilities with many of the best modders from Men of War who made the best mods.
76561198115527889,Not Recommended,302670,22641849,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,neo-nazi,wont work on most computer absaluty♥♥♥♥♥♥dont get it for you own sake and even if  it works it is laggy as ♥♥♥♥ unless you have a good laptop
76561198150007249,Recommended,302670,31582946,Posted: 6 May,all,赢=TeamWork,cant access to the game
76561198126068915,Recommended,302670,23326839,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,funny dogs,i do like this game but it is very slow and dus not let me in the game
76561198084547333,Recommended,302670,29992981,Posted: 17 February,all,FunnyMemePunJokes?,it ok senpaiiiiii
76561198298050092,Recommended,302670,23882900,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ghostgaster23,I cant play?it a bug
,Recommended,302670,33324854,Posted: 6 July,all,Milkman,Pretty much a Men of War 2 (Yes I am aware it was moddled after the game) in modern times.
76561198045268417,Recommended,302670,30972648,Posted: 5 April,all,BobPOS,Were is the hard copy of a list of controls???
76561198137102257,Recommended,302670,21488015,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,nypdblue42,I can't update the game to the new beta and I already downloaded the link to it. Can someone help me.
,Recommended,302670,21188745,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Onyx,america is op as ♥♥♥♥
76561198098880402,Recommended,302670,21481482,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Biggsrd™,Ran over a friendly squad with my abrams 10/10
76561198127884219,Recommended,302670,21635462,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Albert,This is on of my favourite modern warfare strategy.  It's really nice to see the developers working on the game and listening to the feedback.  I recommend getting this game and it is worth the 24.99$
76561198179205075,Recommended,302670,21637995,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LxP*,"Very nice , game  gameplay 10/10"
,Recommended,302670,22147721,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,HAZARD,shap game!!!
76561198161553992,Recommended,302670,20715092,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,blu3 slay3r,cool
76561198268131718,Recommended,302670,22754306,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,9211getdown,Crashes when loading saved game.....EVERYTIME.
76561198097705451,Recommended,302670,24561986,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this
,Recommended,302670,24744333,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zoms101,"Call to Arms is a very good stgrategy game. With a good mix of fast-paced action, calculated tactics, and a high level of detail and customization, you'll be absorbed into it right away.The only problems I've encountered so far is that my game recently began to not start up. It will act like Steam is launching it, but then that window goes away and the game's status goes rapidly from ""Running"" to ""Syncing"" and then quickly goes away. Also, on the second mission for the USA, I can't pick up the intel after I kill the tribal leader. Please help!Improvements I'd like to see:*Farther zoom-out function, maybe a tactical map (a bird's eye view of the entire map)*The ability to toggle whether soldiers will stay in place, but run from a grenade then go back to where they were*Rechargeable support options (i.e., artillery, airstrike, care package, paratroopers)*Airial units*Field guns (i.e., artillery guns that you have to spawn and then manuever into place, rather than off-screen support artillery)*Errectible fortifications (i.e., sandbags, roadblocks, barbed wire, etc. can be removed by engineers or destroyed)*Anti-Tank/Vehicle mines (can be set/removed be engineers)*Anti-Personel Mines (can't be seen by enemy, but can be found and removed by ""minesweeping"", an ability of engineers)*C4 (or other remote-detonation explosives, can be removed/set by engineers)*Better accessiblity of buildings and their rooftops*Medic units (units that give an automatic health recharge effect to soldiers near them and are able to revive fallen soldiers)"
,Recommended,302670,24679472,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,main target,Call to arms a very modern game a game that deserves its name while the content and maps may be lacking personally I have had him hundreds of enjoyment in gameGraphics 10Realism.  8Content4GUI. 10Accessibility 8Overall :                  7.5Enjoy
76561198052789752,Not Recommended,302670,31822014,Posted: 18 May,all,LEO,I just feel like this is more AMPED up then what it really is. I feel the developers have strayed away what this game should be and are focusing on features that dont belong in an RTS
76561198170095223,Not Recommended,302670,29283556,Posted: 15 January,all,The Sneaky Gamer,A failure. 1C tried to take inspiration from Modern War Mods of Men of Waar but it failed. The modding community isnt active or expansive and the editor and singleplayer are below average. Dont buy this buy one of the Men of Wars.
,Not Recommended,302670,31782667,Posted: 16 May,all,GreaseGunner,It's just terrible. Instead of expanding on the gameplay of MOWAS they've made a game with such lethality that there is no fun to be had then turned a game I paid for into a free to play game.Free to play should be enough to scare you away from this hot garbage.
,Not Recommended,302670,17497426,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Stuffed In The Crust,Would play this game if i could actually play the single player with out having to spent 15 extra dollars. Really? Some thing that comes with all base games i have to pay extra for. I came for the singleplayer to play a nice RTS. Now I have to wait for a refund.
76561198074056044,Not Recommended,302670,31672894,Posted: 10 May,all,segert,"So i came back after a while to see how the development is on this game.....What the.... i paid full price and was a backer now i got this♥♥♥♥♥♥now it is even free to play... so i paid for a free to play game?what i have in game not even a base game because it is early access?but you are selling a deluxe and ultimate edition? that is just money grabbing and a big middle finger to the community that supported this game. what is more? THEY SELL A season pass with no dlc? are they mad?why i wont recommend this game. early access backers are screwed out of their money. They wrote i nice article about how we are wrong and that they gave us everything. and that the backers are lying and now they asking for more money while the game is not even finished.. fun ideas but none of it works. microtransactions...... this is a rts game. let that sink in.. have not deliverd on promises and claiming they have and gave us even more. they did not promise a choppy game with little assets and almost no campaign have they? i believe they promised us like 100 vehicles and multiple campaigns. my verdict they are liars.I wil try to get a refund form thes devs. but as i backed them back in 2015 i my chances are small that i will. never again wil i get a game form these devs. they cheat people out of money, So? plz dont buy this game. dont support these greedy devs that cares nothing about the people that gave them money."
,Not Recommended,302670,21962505,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ninja,It's meh to say the least.
76561198254499602,Not Recommended,302670,29107015,Posted: 7 January,all,thatAC130,Plays Men of War II: plays on medium settings.Plays Call to Arms: swear to sacrifice your unborn child if you want to be able to AT LEAST play on the lowest settings with lag every once in awhile.10/10- would remake the same game with different skins again
,Not Recommended,302670,29207747,Posted: 12 January,all,Alanii,"Aside from the whole free to play thing, I don't really mind it.I do mind the lack of effort in some of the gameplay mechanics. They're talking about creating new factions and the like when they haven't even finished the current two factions.The AI is also much dumber than it is in the game this game is obviously a player made modification turned stand alone game. Most of the maps are quite unfinished and some of the items that appear to be used as cover for your soldiers don't even work. I get they want to balance things, but making the player's soldiers have the awareness of a potato doesn't make sense. You have to order your soldiers to kill each individual enemy for them to even make an attempt to kill them. Otherwise the AI will walk pass your soldiers who are behind cover and easily kill them like they're shooting non moving targets."
76561197970739282,Recommended,302670,17319353,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Polar Bear,Nice game.
,Not Recommended,302670,26355769,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,満貫,"Alright, lets do this boys. Where do I begin?I wish I learnt my lesson before supporting Digitalmindsoft by purchasing the Early Access. See, they also developed a game called Men of War: Assault Zone 2 and ripped off everyone who supported them from the Early Access to Release to Deluxe Edition to Complete Edition to Remaster. This time its worse.At first the game was announced to be Pay 2 Play, but a year or so later it changed to Free 2 Play. One can imagine, that anyone who was only interested in multiplayer was disappointed because not only did they dish out 30$ for a free game, but the game plays and is bad. If that wasnt enough any and all negative critisism was dealt with a wave of forum and in-game chat bans. Just wow.We could speculate whether it was studio's financial situation due to bad reputation or changes that were made in contrast what the community was looking for.Do not support bad marketing and developing practices. If we all as gamers say no to such kind of behaivour, then we will have better games in the future, instead of yearly releases of reskinned garbage like Call To Arms is.#boycottdigitalmindsoftFood for thought:http://imgur.com/a/zNQXVEdit: 27th of March 2017Wanted to make sure I wasnt being unjust in my reviews on the game and base them off of personal experiences when dealing with DMS.Sadly the game still wasn't what was initially advertised - a next level RTS experience with direct control set in the modern day. Game played even worse than some mods for AS2.THE GOOD:* NoneTHE BAD:* Aesthetics were unfinished and unpolished (everything on ultra)* Animations were glitchy and unfinished* Gameplay was glitchy, choppy and unfinished* Models were unfinished and unpolished* Sounds werent finished either, but the gameplay and aesthetics were so bad that I ignored the sounds* RTS Mode turned the game into a sub-par RTS game and with the FPS gimmick its a sub-par FPS game - making it all and all a sub-par game.You want modern FPS? Get Arma III.You want modern RTS? Get JTF - Joint Task Force.There probably is a long list of games that are superior to this, but those are the first that come to mind.Do note this:/*Why Early Access?“Early Access is a fantastic opportunity for us as an indie developer. We believe, that our players will provide the most valuable feedback that we can collect.”and later they addedHow are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?“What matters to us is that you are enjoying the game. Needless to say, that feedback is the most valuable tool to improve our game. We have an open ear to the needs of our community and we are eager to craft an extraordinary game. Even if you may end up with a game that is not perfectly tailored to your needs, you will still have a wide range of modding tools available to forge your very own experience.”*/Well no♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sherlock. With Unity, Unreal Engine 4, Lumbermill or countless of other game engines I could forge my very own game and make sure competent people were handling the community instead of buying this game. Again, EA backers paid for direct control and other features, not FPS and 4k Textures. This game is long forgotten by the time 4k becomes a norm. Why spend backer money to develop useless gimmicks and future proofing instead of improving the core gameplay, matcmaking, ai, etc? Oh its because its the easiest way to bill new customers for a triple a title without actually doing any work.PS! Yet to confirm whether the ""FPS DIRECT CONROL"" was just an implementation of ""IRON FIST DLC"". Still no clue why legacy direct control was removed, even though EA backers backed the project for that reason.PPS! For those who would like to see how the game was initially advertised (2015) as and why it got the backing from the AS2 community:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvaqTuGlpCUAnother one:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=io76keaTmw8THESE VIDEOS  DO NOT REPRESENT THE PRODUCT THAT WE HAVE TODAY. Instead we have a buggy Call of Duty wannabe with inferior graphics and gameplay.We can speculate that the changes made within two years had something to do with 1C, some IPs and the greed of DMS. Don't worry about the video, if it gets taken down Ive already saved it. Internet never forgets."
76561197984448346,Not Recommended,302670,19594599,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,123,Balance this crap. You would think this game is a recruiting tool for ISIS the way Americans get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in it.
,Not Recommended,302670,23346473,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Limey21,"Amazing how crap this is for 2016, lucky for me i got it for 7 pounds, i feel very sorry for the ones that payed 30 pounds plus, the game runs like crap on a R9 380 4GB not super expensive but not cheap either."
,Not Recommended,302670,19098920,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,why do ♥♥♥♥ did i buy this
76561197973080662,Recommended,302670,26093384,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Stenk,"If Call to arms was a Kebab sandwich (paid 5€ for the game), that's what the negative review you got for this game would look like- There is meat inside and killing animals is very bad- The bread is made of cereals and killing cereals is very bad- You can eat it only from one side, how stupid is that- You have to pay to eat- There are strange smiling people that takes your money before giving you the sandwich- You can not always sit down- It's open 24/7 so it's probably illegalI could go on forever, if you don't understand why the game is bad you are a wise one because it's not bad at all. It's not a copy paste so what's wrong?The more i play the more i feel those negative reviews comes from competitors because it's total non sense. DMS is LISTENING and ANSWERING to whatever message you post. Plus, the communication during early access was excellent (see news) and deadline are respected (read the early access stamp). In order to enhance the player base, DMS took a radical decision by turning the game into F2P (a limited version compared to paid one), didn't know how to receive that but in the end i don't see negative point. We'll see when it's out.So yeah, go ahead, downvote the review and go very far from this game. The community is great and we don't need angry people around. I'll keep playing this mostly negative game and i don't care. Your review means nothing, no arguments just salty people who probably bought no man's sky.For the rest, join us, you'll keep coming back to enjoy the modern theme warfare, a unique engine for a unique game."
76561198055016361,Recommended,302670,31395885,Posted: 27 April,all,Blades,"This is basically Men of War in modern times. FIRST, the game used to be a paid game but then it was switched to free to play which really infuriated everyone that had already purchased the game. (ME) Then, they are coming out with paid DLC and offer nothing to the people that supported the game when it was a paid platform. Is it a dic move? ABSOLUTELY. But...The game has been in early access for ever it seems now and the devs are putting a lot back into it. The tacticality is good and the play to unlock new crap system is gone so you are no longer forced to play online or anything to unlock new units. The game itself has improved a lot and new things are being added and it is unfortunate that the devs needed more money to complete the game and in turn lost a ton of their original fan base. Yes, they consider it a shift to a ""lite mode"" and not free to play, but yeah it is still a free to play if you can read.The game is getting better and it is fun to play online or the AI but that being said, its just whether or not their ethics is worth supporting or not. Assualt Squad 2 is a much better game but if you want that in modern times this is your only option for the time being until a better mod comes out and nobody really plays this game anymore as a community. As it sits, maybe 100-250 people are online at any given time.Game itself: 4/5Digitalmindsoft: middle finger"
,Recommended,302670,26774796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Friik | Automata | Masterpiece,People who gave negative review didn't even read how the F2P is going to work.10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere
76561198128173233,Not Recommended,302670,29052421,Posted: 5 January,all,OpTic_Rice,WTF I bought these game for $20 and now its free. I want my money back plz!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,302670,28264885,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Dogma,"Paid for this garbage and never played it, now I'm being asked to play it by the devs for a free item and find out the game itself is now alsofree♥♥♥♥ off ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,302670,28343655,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,RickyTan,Very Poor
,Not Recommended,302670,32354563,Posted: 11 June,all,-hg- Bobster707™,"There is one reason and one reason alone that i do not recomment this game, i payed full price for this game a while back and now the multiplayer, what i wanted to play is now free. I do not get anything for paying i just to play a badly made singleplayer.other than that its actually not bad, but it lacks complexity of units and factions that some MoW modern mods had."
,Not Recommended,302670,22171014,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,hot ice,Worst and Buggiest RTS I have ever played. I don't even care if it's Early Access. It was Garbage.
,Recommended,302670,27535267,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ A2R -iwnl-,69/69make me wait for years and waste money
,Recommended,302670,17303758,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zivios,"One of the best RTS games I've ever played. Awesome community, easy controls, beautiful graphics.Pros:Easy to get the hang ofCool mapsSmooth gameplayCons:Early AccessSlower computer will have a rough time running this game"
76561198054798235,Not Recommended,302670,21311724,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nick,l
76561198113871977,Recommended,302670,17345469,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,juniormendoza486,you guys are goimg to put skirmish mode?? and why you have only two missions ?
76561198136870183,Recommended,302670,21311794,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,WolfBlitz128,Goes to Online play joins a server and team up with Donald Trump and we pwn the enemy. gg 11/10 would play with Donald Trump again.
,Recommended,302670,28297350,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Schmime,GG
76561198072172412,Recommended,302670,30951815,Posted: 4 April,all,Acidround,For everyone complaining about paying full price for the game to have it go F2P. You did not get your money taken away for nothing you bought the whole game not just MP. On another note digitalmindsoft has yet to stop from finishing a game for example look at men of war assualt squad 1 and 2.
,Recommended,302670,23397277,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,RAC Warrior,"i just bought this game yesterday on the sale for 5€. and i went and played some skirmishes pve, and thought to myself why i bought this. but then i tried some multiplayer pvp, and i got to understand the game mechanics a little bit more, and the possibilities this game has. and i can't say i regret spending the 5€ one bit.pros:-a lot more in depth strategy game than you'd inititally think-the direct unit controll brings a whole other level of tactical gameplay to it. especially in pvp.-game has decent graphics and performs well. no perfomrance issues so far.cons:-very small player community. hardly multiplayer matches going on. (at the time this was written. not sure how it is now)-untis don't have natural movement to them, they just stand around as frozen, which makes the game look a little bit dead.-too many russiansoverall i'd recommend this game much! especially since it needs alot more players for pvp. so get it!-EDIT-performance is good until you go into 3d person controll. at least with max to- almost max settings. (on a 980ti)"
,Recommended,302670,18308146,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Black Monster,THE ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD GAME THE BEST GAME TATTICS FOR EVEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRR
76561198051895883,Recommended,302670,19361582,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,S.W.A.T,"It’s so nice but it looks in test, Because the campaign is no voice = = , And I found some BUGs in this game,1. If in press Ctrl perspective into the chariot, then loosen the Ctrl ,The perspective can’t be back.2. If If there are soldiers into the container when he was found, then the enemy will fire to him rather than detours and shot . I think this game can be more camp and hero like men of war ,Oh and rarely player =v=...,I hope official can change it to be better =v=... ,That‘s it =v= THX =v="
76561198047898857,Recommended,302670,21674487,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Abnormal Genital,"Played this game when there was MAYBE 5 people in the lobby if we're lucky. Was addicted at first and grinded this game, it's fun with friends for sure.Quit and moved on to different games after a patch, my skill levels was sort of too high to have fun with beginners (I was sh*t but had more experience than newbies.)It's an alright game, needs a bigger community to be fun.It was a struggle for us early access folks best of luck future losers that play dis game."
,Recommended,302670,23910135,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,testoo7,+1
76561198010936126,Recommended,302670,26768525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackDog1247,"This game has made a comeback with the recent updates, I like to see progress"
,Recommended,302670,28183677,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SHAN3,Amazing game!
76561198124986315,Recommended,302670,21241546,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Snow,Love it the game it self is great
,Recommended,302670,26092869,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,joebird1991,love it need more units i would think but amazing RTS
76561198025750013,Recommended,302670,17304775,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Cocklate,Mortar Simulator 2015
76561197973689033,Not Recommended,302670,17323801,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,StalkingShadows,"This game is a rip off of Men At War right down to the user interface.Tried the game again after almost a year, still cant recommend it, game has not changed much since last review still a rip off.  Side note none of the mods I chose off the workshop even worked. and they were some of the most popular! And there promise to make it less like Men at War is not kept, recycled interface, cover system, ammo, squads,...really recycled everything from Men at War.  And did a horrible job with it all."
,Not Recommended,302670,17838667,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,a bear irl,"no content, after 2+ years of development there are no vehicles in game. absolutley no progress made on netcode, no engine upgrades. one player with a bad connection or performance still slows the game to a crawl. what this means is that when ivan from vladistovok running the game on a ti-83 plays with you, your game will run just as slowly as his does.key series features like individual soldier inventories have been ""nerfed"", you can't pick up helmets anymore for example. the body armor item has been removed as well, despite this being a game set in the modern era. direct control, a major selling point of the previous games, has been effectively removed because the developers felt it was ""unfair"". if you played the previous men of war games and appreciated the depth these two changes should be enough to scare you away.the developers have force-enabled unit lock, there is no way to disable it. if you're new to the series, unit lock is a ""feature"" the developers have put in meaning that the game plays like a F2P mmo, think war thunder. you can expect a 100+ hour grind before you unlock everything and yes, the higher tier units are better and yes, you will be forced to play against them despite not having them unlocked yourself. you may find yourself trying to kill an M1 abrams with a BMP-1, unable to call in your own tanks because you have not unlocked them yet.the developers have fallen short in virtually every area relevant to long-term series fans. the major problems the game had in 2009 are still there. the best way to describe this game is as a flawed but ambitious full-conversion mod - but mods don't usually cost money. the final insult from DMS isn't the game, though. it's their behavior outside of it, where they've gone so far as to make a VAC banned cheater their community manager."
,Not Recommended,302670,29176153,Posted: 10 January,all,Detective James Carter,"THEY REALLY JUST MADE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥FREE TO PLAY WHEN I PAYED THEIR ASSES, In the words of Kurt Russell from the great film the THING. ""YEAH ♥♥♥♥ YOU TOO!""."
,Not Recommended,302670,29452532,Posted: 23 January,all,strong dog,honest to god absolute poo
76561197960676848,Not Recommended,302670,29695830,Posted: 4 February,all,ANGRY WALNUT,call to arms is one of the most dissepointing games ever first they hade the delux version and they said everything was included with that and now we got a season pass gg never buy this game
76561198146391771,Recommended,302670,26428370,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,K-Doge,Great Game
76561198247941688,Not Recommended,302670,24284034,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,devindog197,"You really can't seem to make a game that will acually work can you? I had hoped that this game would be an improvement on it's predicessor, Men of War: Assault Squad 2, but that is not the case. It is litterally a rehash of the same garbage game. Don't get me wrong, the gameplay is good and the level detail is impressive. That is, when the game ACTUALLY WORKS! Like it's predecessor, Call to Arms is prone to frequent crashing and bugs that are consistent with that of an Alpha or Beta version of a game. Perhaps the saddest fact is that this game literally has 1/10th the content of its predicessor and with the Red Rising MOD, MOWAS2 has at least 50 times more content. Thats not an exageration. Its also free. So, in summation, this game is a Lemon."
76561198046783935,Not Recommended,302670,29104674,Posted: 7 January,all,chickatees,"I hate this, this is now the fourth time i have bought a game only for it to end up f2p. not happy"
76561198007312425,Not Recommended,302670,29118601,Posted: 8 January,all,athornton78,"I honestly don't know if I should love this game or hate it. In many ways, the fact that it's been in pre-release since the Land that Time Forgot and shows no real sign of moving forward is a big part of my problem. The DLC of course is another as in order to play multi-player or skirmish you have to buy the enhanced edition, I mean Jesus. On the other, it offers a realistic though limited in terms of units combat experience. The units are very detailed, but mostly pointless in terms of gameplay. There are future plans for DLC, but nobody has a set release date and unless you buy the season pass for extra money you won't have access to the big ones. I like playing it, but overal it's a bit of a let down."
,Recommended,302670,17326870,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[RKW]Fredrick Zoller,Does anyone know how to get vehicles?
76561198091740407,Not Recommended,302670,24414143,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TEHammer,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! There is a game breaking bug that I haven't been help with for a little over a month.I cant move at all.:(
76561198156551127,Recommended,302670,22138337,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,m.rickert,THIS IS THE BESTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!
76561198106261222,Not Recommended,302670,23324264,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,(Rex),Add Russia or a new faction.
76561198015964864,Not Recommended,302670,24579901,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jamman35,Bad guys disappear making missions impossable.♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Not Recommended,302670,29709466,Posted: 4 February,all,DeadBryant,what is happening to Call to arms? its saying error and idk what the properties set up is for it so it might be the properties set up idk but it wont let me play Call to arms
,Recommended,302670,17317373,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DarkMyth,"For an early game it's good but like another reviewer said on here it really is the clone of ""Men of War"" same interface, same controls except with modern vehicles.  My only complaint is it needs a better re-supply mechanic like stand near this to re-arm, if there is a mechanic in place the game needs to really explain that.  I also found a glitch where troops won't deploy on roofs of buildings."
76561197963290071,Not Recommended,302670,19541223,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hagrd_Datsun,"As of the time that I am writing this review (which I never do) the game is horribly broken. I watched many youtube videos of the gameplay and really thought I would like it. I tried to like it, looking past the cons I really wanted to like it. Its almost a solid RTS.Pros:Graphics were good to me, not cartoony like most RTS'sChallenging game play (During a skirmish things could change in an instant based on cover)Variety of units that seemed to be better or worse at certian thingsCons: (where to begin)*Paid and Downloaded only to find the single player non-existant. Attempted to verify download and still nothing. (Be nice if the description said something other than Multiplayer BS with special gift for the deluxe version)*Skirmish options basically limit what YOU can build. Numerous times I changed to only infantry (learning the basics due to no single player) and guess what? I can only make infantry but little do I realize I have about 5 humvees and 3 tanks attack my position.....maybe I forgot to make sure to unclick that option? Nope only infantry units SHOULD be available.*0 tutorial on how to do anything in the game, I learned more from the youtube videos prior to purchase than the game ever showed me*Difficulty settings mean apparently nothing in this game. Set on Easy (again learning how to play because no single player or tutorial) got crushed. Ok lets level the playing field with AI allies to help on same setting as opponet, got crushed again.  Lets see how Heroic Allies does against the 1 easy opponet, Yup Crushed Again. Turned the opponet to Heroic and got the exact same gameplay level as on easy.*Creating a map is great , but why is it so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to upload it and play it?Literally the first game I've paid for on steam and this is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I get. Not sure how/where all the Youtube videos came from but it is definately not this build of the alpha.Overall listen to the negative reviews about this alpha and wait for it to atleast turn into beta (Although that doesn't seem to happen anymore on steam) Likely the first and last time I pay for an alpha version"
76561198118813231,Recommended,302670,28814977,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shogun Kerem,its ok
76561198046747192,Recommended,302670,23338965,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,WitchingSnake,Its getting there.
,Recommended,302670,22142675,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,.
76561198077170164,Recommended,302670,24644111,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ruhaedy,very fun to play
,Recommended,302670,24363515,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Chris Redfield,Very unique (in a good way) and fun!
76561198006168381,Not Recommended,302670,29384057,Posted: 20 January,all,voodoo35355,This is a lesson in what not to do as a game Dev. I will never purchase a game from this company again.
76561198052972573,Not Recommended,302670,18254949,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Baphogir,"A BIG NO!Why?There is no tutorial, well yes there is but its not interwoven into the gameplay u need to look it up, so there is no learning curve there dismissing time and attention away from gameplay plus u need to have excellent retention to remember any of it.Community frown upon newcomers quickly label them as noob l2p all that tired old jazz. Wont help and wont let u into ""they're""gamefurther more u cannot play singleplayer in the traditional sense unless u buy the ""deluxe"" edition witch is the same as the regular but unlocked.This really limits you're gameplay to custom maps filled with bots witch can be fun but tedious upping skill lvl ofthese AI makes it challenging, but that's about it.Last thing get you're refund in quick before you're checked it out more then 2 hours  (which is next to nothing)or haven't given up on it just yet giving it might come in 2 weeks. <- it over in a wink then u lost you're money.so in all save it for a more deserving game."
,Recommended,302670,17331094,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,BigCannonGaming,"WOW..Just WOW. This game has my heart pounding and my brain stressed. The sounds, look and feel put me in ""WAR MODE"" and I love it! If you like MoW then you will love Call to Arms! Now, GO BUY THIS AND STOP READING REVIEWS!!"
,Recommended,302670,17309558,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Bobmang,"Looks like a promising game, Played a few matches with my friend tonight and thoroughly enjoyed it. If you liked the Men of War games, you'll for sure like this one."
,Not Recommended,302670,29716628,Posted: 5 February,all,uabboat,"way toooooooooo much microing individual soldiers, bad AI, bad Tutorial"
,Not Recommended,302670,24795434,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,nuclear icbm,"no tutorial checkkills your pc check [ 15 fps]to be honest the game is good in how indepth it isbut...how do i understand what to do when there is no tutorial and the fps even at min is 15 not even trying to reach 20 fpsyes i do under stand its a beta but atleast try to make a tutorial many people will start playing it if you add a tutorial because people will understand what to do and the only single player is a ♥♥♥♥ing campaign no ai skirmish (atleast in the normal ""singleplayer"" gui there is no ai matches) so it kinda forces multiplayer 5/10"
76561198021967176,Not Recommended,302670,28962382,Posted: 2 January,all,Louis C.K. On Ice,Trash
76561198036796066,Recommended,302670,17316635,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Birdflyno,Of course its only an Alpha but you can already see the potential.
76561198103664125,Recommended,302670,17303253,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Spartanator13,"Call To Arms is one of the best modern strategy games to date the sounds, the units, this game has everything i have ever wanted in a modern strategy game i cant wait to see this game porgress and see what this fine game has to offer in the future if u like any of the men of war games this game is for you."
76561198261052801,Recommended,302670,23294290,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,LIAMINACTION8,i love this game but its a bit laggy
76561198149073972,Recommended,302670,24744863,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sgt. Something,US: Knock Knock. GRM Forces: Who's there? US: Murica! ♥♥♥♥ yea!
76561197990974205,Recommended,302670,25842477,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,one9Delta,great game worth the buy.
76561198159405279,Recommended,302670,25810733,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SC.McDaniel,"the dumb automatic reduction of graphics needs to be gone it is very dumb, other than that this is a very good game."
,Recommended,302670,18891663,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HEvel,No.
76561198098426775,Recommended,302670,26561770,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Swindle AK79,"hey can someone please help me when ever i start the game theres this pak error were it says it cant open the pak resource and i have no clue how to fix it it statesprogram will be terminated.APP_ERROR:Can't open pak resource/map.pak.Error -200 (Unknown error). LE. CS=3AEFEFF8 L=1029555(eZipFileReader.ccp, 45)EIP=74f9a6f2 [main_loop]EAX=0668F2F8 EBX=00000000 ECX=00000004EDX=00000000ESI=00000000 EDI=0668F470 ESP=0668F2F8EBP=0668F350> core:initCall to Arms - v0.905.0 - standardunknownSOMEONE ANYONE PLEASE HELP ME!"
,Recommended,302670,17322798,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jihad,Allahu Akbar
76561198040359862,Not Recommended,302670,17307504,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sharpster,Downloaded three times...no single player or multiplayer access. Many bugs....
,Recommended,302670,17319306,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Malakie,What sold me is them using the Men of War: Assault Squad 2 engine..  this should be pretty good when completed...
,Not Recommended,302670,17417778,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Papa Soma,Unbalanced and racists piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't bother.
76561198136535526,Not Recommended,302670,29216201,Posted: 12 January,all,Commanderpanzer,"Wow...this might be the first time I've ever disliked a game using the GEM engine. Sure, the graphics are pretty and the UI is an improvement, but the devs have just gotten so money-hungry...paying for units, making the game FREE to play (a huge middle finger to people who bought the deluxe edition *cough* *cough* such as I) and, worst of all:MICROTRANSACTIONS•TL;DR: Buy Men of War: Assault Squad 2 and download some modern warfare mods. If you do want to get this game, get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,302670,29372589,Posted: 20 January,all,Bluegoon,"mmm.. I paid for this, refund please?"
,Not Recommended,302670,24781369,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Cute Anime Girl,This game is great if you enjoy 5-10 minute load times and driver crashes.
76561197972636156,Not Recommended,302670,24788627,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kieme(ITA),"Too far from being a playable game, got my refund (not worth even at a big discount)."
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,302670,26737398,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"You have been permanently banned from all Call to Arms discussions.You were banned by a Steam Community Moderator.Reason: ""His 17:nth ban and using the insulting name ""KillahInstinks a queer Mod"""""
76561198034737124,Recommended,302670,21969259,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,The Outlaw (In Poland),"SHOOT AS I SAY FALLBacon out of 10Wouldn't play MOWAS2 anymore, maybe MOW1 for the missions"
76561198039236356,Recommended,302670,26748409,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,african warrior,I do not understand the negative reviews....if you ever wanted a modern warfare version of the Men of War classics then this is it!
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,302670,29342946,Posted: 18 January,all,Massiv Igel,Nice Game ;) performance is better than in MOW 2 and it seems more polished :)
76561198130869394,Not Recommended,302670,23362367,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Moon Truther,I enjoyed this game so much. great cover mehcanic's. great everything. but when i messed with the editer. i saved over one of the campains. and now i cant even play the game. i asked for help on the steam forms. but all the developer said was ''re-download the game.'' and ''verify the game cashe'' i did that. and i asked for more help. he/she hasn't replyed. i really didn't like writing this.Edit/Update: it took somebody else's time to help me fix the game. the developers are quite worthless. i love the game but i hate the developers support. sorry guys. its a great game. but dont buy it if your looking for a game with careing developers..
76561197994123605,Not Recommended,302670,29323066,Posted: 17 January,all,🌌Draugkir🌌,Too hard to control all the untis.This game should have been turn based. With theese graphics and ambiance it would have been wonderful..
,Recommended,302670,26748351,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,AsOiX,"Why this game is so down voted is beyond me.This is Men of War, but modern."
76561198028539283,Not Recommended,302670,24813940,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,www.tobiassippl.jimdo.com,Badest Game I ever bought ... EVEN 80% OFFGraphics is horrible .... absolutely no idea where the Screenshots came fromMenue is horrible .... badest of its kind ever seenThere is no AI .... No CoOp Gameplay against AI possible !!!!!kick it !!
76561198221986892,Not Recommended,302670,23424151,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,FOOD FIGHTER,"do not waste 25 dollars for this game.your troops do not respond with what your telling them to do.i wanted two of my troops to get out of a car but they decided to get shot and killed. i also wanted my tank to shoot out of the cannon but just used the machine gun. i also needed ammo for my troops but they do not tell you how to get more ammo from an ammo crate, which ended up making half of my troops not have any ammo. if you do not want to waste money do not buy this game."
,Recommended,302670,26528054,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Father Who Has Fallen From Grace,HEY THAT'S PRETTY GOOD
76561198132044654,Not Recommended,302670,24725188,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,swiffer,I was playing with a friend he had one Abrams tank and I had a T-80U and T-80BV both were shooting at each other none was able to take each other out then my friend moves his Abrams closers to my T-80U and shot me point blank and nothing happened to my tank but then both of my tanks gets one shot by a Humvee tow
,Not Recommended,302670,23279807,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,-TSD- The Sleepless Doge,what a horrible optimization!!!dont waste yoiur money
,Not Recommended,302670,23285368,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dr. Joshua,Add the Russian army plz.
,Not Recommended,302670,23043450,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Buck Nasty,Best edition is the Pirated edition.
,Not Recommended,302670,19329074,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Fisher,"First I recommended this game, but now they switched to f2p even tho i paid the full price? WTF devs, thats not how you build up a community!"
76561198128753471,Not Recommended,302670,17435677,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cheeki Breeki iv Damke,Now its free?I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,302670,18386663,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rise Wolf,"After almost one year of playing I have to say.... Community su*ck, why? There so much players who cant deal with losing, so they just leave the server in better case, worst case is when the host leave the game! So u lose all points for game and time. And yea, they will call u ""cheater, hacker, etc..."".... Not sure if want to continue in play when there will be no ban for those whos scr*wing up the game."
76561198114519633,Recommended,302670,23433317,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shamparov,"The developers of CtA are working hard! CtA is MOWAS but with better graphics, modern vehicles, helicopters and 1st-3rd person direct control. 10 veterancy 9000+ soldier/10 technical cars with explosives.Best wishes from Russia, dear devs!"
76561198059411672,Recommended,302670,22714459,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TheNewAgeOfRage,the name of this game shouldnt be call to arms it should be men of war badass edition
,Not Recommended,302670,22395530,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mk365678 [Fallschirmjäger],missions way to idiot 57man go kill 600 man with no back up
,Not Recommended,302670,21306246,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Poltulov,The new vehicle control is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥and is forced on you in the single player.Hardly any units and maps. Units are unlocked with XP.What a ♥♥♥♥ing disappointment.Buy it years in the future for 75% off if you want.
76561198072852232,Recommended,302670,17618939,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Steelrain1992,It's a great game!  For the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the packages it takes time and money to make a game great if you have never done coding before for a game then get a simple game making software and learn some C++ codes and try to it out you find it to be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007237024,Recommended,302670,21491830,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Steckifranic,"If you don't feel like reading, yes I recommend Call to Arms. I give it a 7/10. It's a quality game with some distinct flaws, which I reference later in the review. This review will be broken up into multiple parts, the Content List, listing the content, the Game Summary, summarizing the game, and then I'll provide a quick history lesson on Call to Arms' engine which highlights the games biggest faults. If you're a pessimist, stick to the end. Heads up before we begin, I'm no professional critic, just a dude who purchased Call to Arms over a year ago.CONTENT LIST:First, here's a the main content of Call to Arms:-10 Singleplayer/Coop Missions-23 Total Multiplayer/Battle Maps-An indepth Map/Mission Editor, a standard of the GEM engine-2 Factions, USA and GRM, both with many different infantry, vehicle and support units-2 Additional (Free?) DLC Factions, Germany and Russia, coming in the future-Complete Workshop Mod support-A functional, but dated RTS-A functional, but lackluster FPS capabilityGAME SUMMARYCall to Arms is a unique game, a combination of and RTS with a FPS. Not many games do this, and frankly, that may be for good reason. The game is a solid RTS experience that has been developed by an experienced team. It has AAA quality modelling with some equally impressive textures and audio. The optimization of the game is questionable, but it is no doubt a visually impressive game to play. It is also the first FPS experience designed with the GEM engine, and also the first FPS designed by the developer, digitalmindsoft. This inexperience shows as the FPS addition is no doubt the weakest part of the experience, even though it isn't exactly an integral one. When Call to Arms was first introduced in early 2016, the FPS addition was not present - so it is clear that it was not an initially planned part of the game. However, since it's addition in early 2017, digitalmindsoft has been sticking with the 1st person/3rd person direct control experience, and have made great strides in improving it. As of March 31st, 2017, a few months after the original introduction of FPS, I still have to say it is a weak experience with low quality textures, animations and incredibly choppy gameplay and control. digitalmindsoft has noted these flaws, and are soon introducing high quality textures to the weapons and soldiers - an addition that is almost required to make the FPS experience in any way competent. The FPS gameplay is enjoyable, but it's clearly the weakest part of the game. Otherwise, Call to Arms is a solid RTS. It's fun, intense and enjoyable with a surprisingly strong audio system. Still, Call to Arms is essentially Men of War with a new skin but it has some very interesting new mechanics - functional medics, air vehicles and an enhanced vehicle and infantry direct control experience - that all freshen the gameplay from previous MoW games. If you enjoyed Men of War, you will enjoy Call to Arms. The price point is certainly high, too high in my opinion, so I would suggest purchasing the game while it is on sale.HISTORY LESSON - CALL TO ARMS BIGGEST WEAKNESSThe GEM engine powers Call to Arms and it is no doubt the greatest hinderence to the game. The GEM engine has been used for over a decade - even before the name Men of War was concieved - with the release Soldiers: Heroes of World War II being the first game to use the engine back in 2004. Sure, Call to Arms technically uses the GEM 2 Engine, but this engine was made in 2009 - and it shows. The animations are clunky and robotic, the RTS controls are archaic and force micromanagment (don't even get me started on the choppy, awkward and buggy FPS controls) and the AI is incompetent and infuriating at times. digitalmindsoft have made the best out of this engine, but I think the cracks are certainly starting to show. The game lacks the ability to toggle a unit's posture when they are not in cover, doesn't allow movement while crouching (this is a big issue for the FPS component) and the lack of autonomy by the AI is another big issue when controlling multiple units in large battles. Call to Arms survives on the GEM engine, but that's just it. It doesn't blow away the player, it doesn't innovate (the FPS ability shows some promise, but doesn't necessarily support the RTS gameplay) and it doesn't do anything drastically new. When it's firing on all cylinders, I do certainly enjoy the game, but it's not mind-blowing. I believe this lack of innovation rests solely on the GEM engine and the limitations that come along with it. It's old, and it unfortunately shows.It is unfortunate because upon reading early plans for this game, it was intended to use Havoc, similar to Company of Heroes. However, apparently due to economic strain, those plans fell through. It's a shame, because this game IS very enjoyable, but it's clearly dated and that is important to note in the review.To sum it up in one sentence: Call to Arms is a fun and competent RTS hybrid, but it's core engine's age certainly shows in animation, control and AI ability."
,Not Recommended,302670,18072163,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Corolla,"I cannot support this game any further. I believe that the development of this game has gone into the wrong direction by making this game free-to-play making me feel that I've been scammed.The game play is pretty much identical to Men Of War Assault Squad 2 and is your average RTS, however I cannot support the developers of this game for their recent actions regarding the future of Call to Arms. Would not reccomend."
76561198075037658,Not Recommended,302670,17347891,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,burdock,"clunky, invisible walls galore"
76561198004316095,Not Recommended,302670,17441253,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Alexander,"Its alright. :|EDIT: The ♥♥♥♥ing Devs really just made it free, and added cases, its a strategy game. SKIN. CASES. ♥♥♥♥ing downvote now, greedy."
76561197993715865,Not Recommended,302670,17389867,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,The_Pike,"EDIT:So, although this game receives good Dev attention - the biggest let down is the p2p hosting - you wait about 5mins for a lobby to fill (even 2v2 games), then you can wait another 10mins for each individual person to load (dependent on PC and connection) and then you get in the game and it's lag city OR all fine until the end when your host crashes... If this fundamental element is improved I expect this title to be a winner - until then, I'm tired of the fail."
,Not Recommended,302670,17311378,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,☠GθNZzZ0ŦHΞϟϟคm∩ЯÅI,"Release Day:This is even better than MOW series, it has much more action and with the modern setting, it has alot of potential for some new units, its definitely worth the low price of 20$ for now there are only infantry battles, but from time to time they will add more stuff to the game :)--Nov 2016well pretty much all the content is for multiplayer game is free to play and we all paid money for it...they also added lucky boxes like the ones from CS:GO... just mention this is a RTS Game this is wrong this is so wrong you did exactly what you should not Devs."
76561198025897448,Not Recommended,302670,20628944,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,J2 Ninja,"Well I am truly sad and salty with this title now. As such I am modifying my initial early review and if you are interested in reading why, read on.I have slept on this for a few nights, to make sure I not just raging but no, this is not right.The Devs recent ""fact check"" whilst at the same time defensive, aggressive and patronizing is a thinly veiled attempt to cover the fact that the Devs have taken the decision to release the game  devoid of content; such content only being accessible by making a further purchase of DLC. To placate early backers there is a free ""allied"" pack containing little in the way of any major new factions which again will not be available at release.This is managing supporter expectations very poorly and when you consider the effort and feedback supporters have made, to be hit with this put down, it is just wrong if not in breach of UK consumer law.The devs will no doubt claim that early backers at no point had it represented to them that the game would contain X amount of content or that it would be X type of game. It was implied, with reasonable expectation and samples that the product would contain more content than is being released under the early access, as an updated and improved successor to MOWAS2. In real terms, very little from the changed from early Alpha (tanks and vehicle were added) though the title has mutated into a poor FPS and which in MP is very much a infantry kill fest ala COD on an RTS scale.I just hope that (prayer to Gaben) Modders fix this game and make it what fans of the series wanted it to be. The current multiplayer is unbalanced and frequently suffers from performance drops. The creates a fustrating experience trying to get a game from an already dwindling player base and when you do, results in poor matches with exploits abused.Whilst I like the engine, aspects of the game (what of it there is), as it stands I can only recommend the free to play element. The single player is not worth purchasing and the DLC based on what it offer is not either. Frankly this content should have been in the game to begin with. If a game of the year comes out with all the content that the game should have had, on sale, then yes get the game. If you see this studio developing EA in future, steer well clear.3/10"
,Recommended,302670,17312192,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Himmuguegeli,Previously I gave this game a thumbs down. Because it introduced nothing new to the previous men of war titles. But now this changed drastically. The Visuals are still not the best of the genre but the performance is now outstanding since the engine update and the game introduced a first person / 3rd person perspective for vehicles and infantry. This give the game a whole new level of immersion and depth. If you´re a hardcore strategy enthusiast I definitely recommend you to support this game.
76561198040525444,Not Recommended,302670,20013327,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Thor,"so after paying for this game over a year ago,  it is now a free to play model that was never announced.  really?"
,Not Recommended,302670,24770307,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kozak,"It was pretty good.But the Dev obviously got greedy as hell.Im not angry, Just dissapointed"
,Recommended,302670,22099231,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PuttyKitties,"===========LATEST REVIEW NOV 30 2016========The devs heard our cries and made a whole lot of improvements. Do give this game a try, but you'll need a quite capable machine to really enjoy it at the fullest.===========PREVIOUS REVIEW================Really liked this game, the direct control of your units is freaking awesome. But the levelling system is completely bullcrap like others have mentioned. I rarely play offline as I don't have the time, mostly I like jumping in to my own customized battles quickly in skirmish during office lunch breaks and just have fun blasting tanks off. But the locked units seriously turns you off.I know this is Early Access, and I hope the levelling unlock unit mechanism would change. And the game could do more in terms of optimization before it leaves Early Access.Until then, I don't recommend this game."
76561198006681349,Not Recommended,302670,17882739,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Anubis,"♥♥♥♥, this is an updated review 2017 - F/ Item store?!"
,Recommended,302670,22897890,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ze_Wolf_O_Canada,"It's been a while since i've played the game since I found it wasn't nearly complete. Now that I come back to it, i've noticed that it's gotten much better and I might start to play it more. My one issue is that they seem too be focusing too much on the multiplayer and not so much the single player missions. But what they have done in the multiplayer is very interesting and seems to have a lot more in store for it. I really want to see some interesting single player missions though that get really intense."
,Recommended,302670,28084437,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TimmyPwn,"Free to f*** play? NO, i bought it. will i get my money back? NO, will i get what i payd for? NO. wtf*edit*I got mentioned there is a bigger playerbase right now, this is a good thing ofcourse."
76561198106023508,Not Recommended,302670,23406632,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Blastem25,"So much wasted potential, It was foolish of me to overlook the terrible reputation of Digital Mindsoft and hope for an awesome game.I was onboard with this game when it first came out, but almost nothing has changed, and they are announcing paid DLC for game that is nowhere near finished."
76561198013079061,Not Recommended,302670,29516642,Posted: 26 January,all,rross25,the ♥♥♥♥ing tanks are just sittin in spawn point holy christ
76561198009495431,Recommended,302670,26751146,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,RobinoSVK,At first I was dissapointed about the f2p model and session pass.. But now I see a really hard work of developers and I am really interested where  it goes.Just miss the old direct control from MoW: AS2 and FPS is a nice feature but I am not going to use it
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,302670,18166309,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Jekkel,"So I originally paid for the game, when campaigns were released i needed to get the super ultra deluxe mega millionare edition to play them, so I got screwed....now its free but you have to buy a season pass... screwed again........last game I ever buy early access, retail theft...."
,Not Recommended,302670,18401012,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lochlann,"FREE TO PLAY?!ARE YOU FU*KING KIDDING ME?!?!I want my money back, everyone report. This game had so much potential."
76561198074823172,Not Recommended,302670,29452576,Posted: 23 January,all,laestrygonian,this sorry excuse for a game feels more like a mowas 2 mod for which they have modern assault mods that are more complete than this. The infantry will walk past targets they are order to shoot. I will say they first person was a cool idea but is poorly executed. Do yourself a favor and DON'T BUY THIS GAME!
76561198019350609,Recommended,302670,17619771,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Valkyrie,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../................. _____.......__............._____............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸.............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___|........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...')........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...|.........\.................'...../.........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____..........''...\.......... _.·............|_____./.....\______\....\_____|............\..............(..............\.............\"
76561198048417808,Recommended,302670,24507458,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ROFLwut?,"This is not even a review. Read the comments! It's a disturbing display of stupid troll posts from at least one internet hack that's been spamming every single positive review he could find, masquerading as a person that has an IQ over 25. Hopefully, the comments from my older review will remain and everyone can see the idiocy in the comments section. Idiot #1 deleted all his idiot posts but idiot #2 doesn't even have enough brains to do that. But then, maybe I'm giving idiot #1 more credit than he deserves since he thought it was a good idea to carry his idiocy over to Imgur to make sure that even more people see what a butthurt little child he actually is.Really, this is the mentality of at least two people (Who I am not convinced aren't the same person. Their writing styles and posting habits are nearly identical.) crusading against this game. There's no reason to think that they don't represent the mentality of a hell of a lot more of them.A message to you people that think because you play Assault Squad a lot this game was made especially for you: You are not special and the game would exist with or without you ""ponying up the dough"". A hell of a lot of people bought this game that don't kiss the ground the Men of War franchise walks on and you all need to put on your big boy pants and come to terms with that.How do I feel about the game? Well, you see my logged hours and you can take it or leave it. What I've played of it was fun and it was well worth the $8 I paid for the Deluxe Edition on sale. I only care about the singpleplayer though. Multiplayer may as well not even exist as far as I'm concerned. Do I know a hell of a lot about the game? Nope, nor do I pretend to. I'm pretty much done buying Early Access games because they're cheap and then playing them so much I don't care about them anymore when the full releases rolls around. I'll pick it back up after that happens but as it stands now, if Steam thinks two hours is enough time to decide if a game is worth the money logic dictates that 2 hours is enough time to decide whether I ought to recommend others spend their money on it, too.You don't like that? You can't strain out anything better than to harp on my logged hours? Kiss my ♥♥♥."
,Recommended,302670,34812889,Posted: 8 September,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,"There used to be a playable yet half complete World War II mod for this game.It's gone now.I'm not sure who removed it.But I think we can all have a guess right, DigitalmindSoft?You dodgy devs.Edit: The developer came up front to explain they didn't do it. I decided to believe them."
76561198033350121,Not Recommended,302670,28521995,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nick,"This game is utter trite.Now that that's out of the way here's why! :Graphically the game is just like Men of War Assault Squad with a modern tinge to it, nothing really large scale in terms of how things look has been changed most of the buildings are the same Clay / Stone huts that one could see an artist lazily piecing together due to a time constraint.Moving swiftly to gameplay, the gameplay is for lack of a better word, frustrating. This game is supposed to be a Men of War title, but instead it feels like a terrible mod made specifically for those with gargantuan erections at the thought of two squads of 5 fighting in high wall cover with full automatic machine guns. The worst, absolute worst, part of this game for me was what they did to the by now legendary manual control mechanic, it's horrid how they've implimented it, the third person manual control now sponsers a massive obnoxious and screen consuming bright green hud meant to ""assist"" with your aiming but only ends up gobbling up the screen like a monster from a bedtime story.The absolute madness these devs have to charge people 30 U.S.D. for this game is disgusting, It is hardly complete too. In it's current state it doesn't have fully destructible buildings like in Men of War, it doesn't have any semblance of balance with the U.S. for the most part being vastly superior leading up to when the opposing faction get's it's elite units, then suddenly even U.S. Navy Seals can't fight a rag tag group of ""elite"" muslim extremists. There's also a very sub par unit roster, in Men of War we had machine gun teams, mortars, anti tank guns, light tanks, etc. Now obviously this is modern combat and I understand such classifications might not be there for the sake of keeping the game ""realistic"" but why do they have such a limited roster of vehicles. For the U.S. the majority of your ""tank"" equivallents are APCs with anti tank weaponry strapped to them, how is that a tank? you could've at least tossed in a Patton or something not a Striker Mobile Gun System as the answer to a T-80. Other than the poor unit roster the units themselves are so odd in the way they function. Infantry have various types like U.S. Army, Marines, S.E.A.L.s etc, but they all play just about the same, the only difference is the rate of fire it seems.All in all this game is missing quite a lot, it feels like an extensive cash grab made by the Men of War devs who at this point have given up on actually trying and simply want to make their ""Call of Duty"" RTS equal. And it's absolutely baffeling the development process for this game, first they charged you for the tip top premium package or the standard game, now they've got that and a free to play system.. what on Earth are these devs thinking?I'll leave you with this, it's a poor game, a poor attempt at recreating a money making machine, and I'd suggest personally just buying Men of War Assault Squad II, it has everything this game doesn't and then some.Also the game has been in ""Earl Access"" for what, three years? and the progress they've made is making a free to play version of the game with no major fixes or updates. What an absolute joke."
,Not Recommended,302670,25792764,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,HABS,"Little to no content has been added for the last 2 years the game has been out. Optimization is god awful, and the FPS mode while neat simply doesn't belong in an RTS such as this. Updates come out few and far between, and when they do, the things they add don't actually fix the games problems, and no devs, making more expansive FPS controls is not fixing your games problems.The devs continually add things that are broken on release, for example, the FPS recoil was trash because for some reason even mounted machine guns had massive amounts of recoil  making it impossible to use them. This was fixed over a month after the devs released their recoil to their FPS mode, they pretty much have no idea what they're doing with this game now and keep adding unfinished features that break the game. This is an overall trend that has been plauging the game since release, Digital Mind Soft refuses to listen to critism and as a result their game is now dead.While most people here are complaining about F2P, I really don't think it's a big deal, they simply wanted to try and save the game by making it free to play as a way to inflate player counts. This worked for a solid 2 months with the game reaching a peak of 600+ players per day, but it has now dropped to little over 100 because guess what? If you your games trash no one is going to play it F2P or not. This was exacerbated by the fact that the F2P version didn't even have multiplayer, which was a conscious decision by the devs to lure people to buy the full game, well filthy prank Instinct, no one wants to buy this game or apparently play it because of how♥♥♥♥♥♥poor it is.Call to Arms should be a lesson to all indie devs, if you don't listen to your community or have any self reflection on your decisions, your game is going to be garabage, and unlike the AAA games who have loads of money to take a loss, you can't. Call to Arms is dead, the devs have ran out of money, ideas and options, this will be another game stuck in early access for the foreseeable future, and in the chance that it goes to a full release it will still be garbage and no one will play it because the premise and game mechanics suck for an RTS.On Some Ending Notes:If you enjoy this game go ahead and keep enjoying it, you can become part of the niche community of 100 players who will play this game and becomes masters of Call to Arms.The only hope I have left is that some dope mods will come out soon and free me from the base game."
76561198126973492,Not Recommended,302670,18160388,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TERMINATOR 01,"The game is good for Men of War fans like me. I have played almost every Men of War game, and Call to Arms comes from the same devs. The idea is pretty good, a Men of War with new mechanics set in a modern warfare setting, mmm, really attracting if you are a Men of War fan.Why I cannot recommend this game:-the graphics are still pure shi.t, I would even say it is a cash grab men of war like the Assault Squad 2 is too. DLCs, Deluxe Edition, Microtransactions, etc. Sure it can be fun, specally if you play with friends, but the graphics will let you down.I only talked about the graphics as a downside, but those are a huge deal. I also dont agree that they made the game free2play because people that havent paid any money can have the same as me while I purchased the game for 30 $ and they didnt pay nothing, and also they will probbably put negative reviews for a game that has been free for them.It could be better, they keep adding stuff, but the graphics are like the orignal Men of War with some improvements. Free2play allows bad people to come and say what they want without paying anything. I remember there was a modern warfare mod for the MoW AS2, so basically this is a cash grab game."
01020102010101111,Not Recommended,302670,27507840,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joe Kurr,"Money hungry devs made this a game about microtransactions and absurds amount of dlc for such a barebones game to begin with. Dlc,Deluxe and Season Pass all before leaving alpha. Nobody wants free to play trolls/noobs in their games, the devs know this is wildly unpopular but want those microtransactions at the expense of the last of their old fans leaving the community. It's sad to see truly, MOw and its kin always had promise but the devs have never delivered."
,Recommended,302670,23359093,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Deus_Drone,Great Game and is being actively worked on
76561197967643963,Recommended,302670,21760592,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,K. Penney,"This games pretty whicked sick for a clone/mod of Men of War, but it crashes lot :( Still, enjoyable.Most notably, this game makes Men of War assault squad look like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥in gameplay, at least comparebly. but it's even buggier in return. Still, don't care. Is excellent game!"
76561198064604035,Recommended,302670,25086681,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Joe357777,"This is my second time reviewing this game, and I still very much enjoy it, while 38 hours isn't much compared to my other games, I've really taken a liking to this one over time. Unlike MOW:AS2, this game actually needed time before I enjoyed it. Now I understand that the game is still in Beta, and is not complete, but as of right now, here are my thoughts, and hopefully if any devs come on here and read what I have to say, they'll take it into consideration.Direct Control===============First off, I wanna discuss the Direct Control (DC). Unlike the Men of War titles, which had a top down DC feature, Call to Arms  (CTA) features a third/first person direct control, which definitely has its pros and cons. Personally I LOVE this feature, it gives it a more realistic feeling, and a chance to interact with the environment and take advantage of all the destruction and environmental obstacles for cover. This also makes it harder to ackquire and eliminate targets, since they too can utilize cover, unlike MOW, where you could just pick em off from a god's eye view. It introduces new strategy and makes it feel more like a RTS with tactical shooter elements.That being said, the DC is far from perfect, the first person is extremely clunky, with the frames moving in a very choppy and almost blocky way, making it feel you have dropped to 15fps on a real first person game. When ""aiming down sites"" however, it is very smooth, though you lose a massive amount of your fov. The next issue is issuing order while in first person. I stumbled across using my mmb to issue orders to my squad while in dc, which allows me to tell them to move to a location or behind cover, while this feature is amazing, and definitely finds its use in game, I had to stumble across it entirely by accident, as there is nothing to denote this feature in the ""controls"" options. Furthermore, this feature is lacking since I can't order parts of the squad behind seperate peices of cover, nor command individual soldiers without leaving the DC mode.While you can change which soldier you are controling using the function keys (F1-F10), when you switch back to other members of the squad, the soldier you have just switched away from will often remain stationary and thus get killed unless you leave DC mode, making it extremely inconvenient to switch while in combat. Furthermore, you cannot interact with the environment in certain ways while in direct control. You cannot pick up weapons, enter vehicles or loot bodies, and you cannot maintain cover, for lack of a better term. An example of this point is this. You move your squadmember behind cover, crouch, and switch to another member of the squad, the AI will force the soldier to go into prone as it would if he were out of cover, rendering him useless if he was placed for a line of fire.For vehicles, I have no issues with DC mode other than that I can't send someone out to repair it while in DC mode, meaning I have to trust my AI to pick off the right targets while I send someone to repair.Now I get this was very nit-picky for the DC mode, especially since it isn't a first person shooter, but why incorporate first person at all if you aren't going to make it more user friendly.Campaign=====================I have no issues with the campaign other than this one, extremely annoying thing. I don't get to choose my units until the very last mission. I am forced to play with who I'm given with, and am given little to no space to tackle the situation as I see fit. While I don't mind the story mode, it would be great to have a classic MOW feeling where I take flags and spawn my units as I please. Why can't I have a column of abrams tanks, half a mile long? Why can't I create an artillary line and move up slowly? Why am I stuck using 2 squads an maybe a vehicle each mission? It lacks the feeling that MOW has which made it one of my most played games. Nothing beat building up a huge tank column and slowly advancing on enemy positions to unlock the next unit.Units======================Again, I get this is still beta, but the units are a bit lacking. Nor artillary other than a mortar and grenade launcher, no using cars littered around the battlefields as a quick and easy mode of transport (Would be usefull for resistance players looking to ""Car bomb""). I'm looking forward to these new factions that are supposed to come out to beef up the units.No ammo looting=======================Why can't I loot ammo off friendly bodies? I can take the gun, but that bulks down my men.I am cutting this review a bit short, and will return to edit it, but I do want to say that this game is absolutely fantastic, and definitely one that I haven't grown remotely tired of playing. It's just not very well polished, and a bit lacking. Even after all these updates and for the time it's been out, I haven't felt much change."
