user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,302850,12419512,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,JD,"I have buyers remorse and I don't have buyers remorse at the same time. Would I recommend people play this game? Not really. It's just a game without substance. The platforming is very generic and the whole big gimmick of the game has been done before it's just this time you have characters from other indie titles to help you out, sometimes not even with their gimmicks from their own games. The main character you play as looks incredibly dull and boring compared to the cast of other indie titles. Most of the stages feel as if they came from a teenager making their first Steam Workshop levels. This game is a shocking missed opportunity to really make a well made product considering its potential. Currently as it is though, it's just bait. I'm not saying the game is down right horrible, it's just a game with nothing interesting or ""cool"" about it. Now while the game is an incredibly dull and mediocre experience so far, I will complete the game and possibly change my opinion.Oh right i'd also like to state, the music is terrible. Now while I do make music I am by no means that great of an artist. But this music is competing up there with Sonic Chronicles and Yoshi's New Island. Music is a core part of an enjoyable experience for me and i'm not a fan of what seems like 15 second loops. Generic Dream Pop schlock artists have made longer length in repeating notes than that.If you are hardcore bent on actually picking up this game, i'd wait for a patch as well, me and a friend who also owns this game have both experienced our own set of glitches and we've both only played nearly an hour of it at the time i've posted this review."
,Not Recommended,302850,17251236,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Tejan,"Pros:The level design wasn't too bad.The idea of mixing games like this is pretty creative.Cons:Animations of everything felt really stiff and janky.The enemy and main character's designs felt bland and boring.Level backdrops are either floating sky island or floating crate in the sky. The slightest bit of variety in backdrops could have made the game just a bit more interesting.Hitboxes are often not where they are drawn.The game mixing idea is clever, but the characters from other games feel awful to control compared to their source games. (Not to mention small things like Dustgirl's standard jump being shorter than the main character's and Clunk being faster than Commander Video all lend to the game feeling off.)The levels often came down to ""Oh no, this jump is too high, better use that jello to make a platform."" or ""Oh no, there's something in the way better blow it up with Clunk."" making them dull. Then on levels where you need to properly time stuff for Commander Video the levels felt monotonous because you needed to guess at Video's timings and then redo the whole thing once you realize you were off by a bit.All in all, this game is clearly a love letter to the games showcased within, but I feel the developer just didn't have the experience to make a good game out of the idea."
,Recommended,302850,12466835,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Hugkyu,"Allow me to start this review off by saying that this is one epic gem of a game.It's nine well-known Indie characters helping a kitty across the video game world. The game revolves around using the specific characters each level gives you, often with challenging puzzles that require using that character's special ability. After clearing a level (or a part of it) with one or more characters, you must play as Marvin the Cat and let the other heroes assist you by clearing paths of enemies and obstacles, in the exact way that you played them.What I like about this game is the fast-forward feature. After all, it may take you a while to solve a puzzle, so when you're playing as the cat and waiting for another one of your characters to solve something, you can speed up time. I think that was a very well-implemented feature.You can't go wrong with crossover games. When I was younger, I always played Nicktoons Unite as well as the games that came after it. For some reason, seeing characters from other universes working together sends happy chills down my spine, and this game pulled it off beautifully.The level design was fairly good, I must say. As with most games, the earlier levels are far easier than the later ones. But, when you first come across a new character, their introduction level is often easier, to help you get used to their gameplay mechanics. These abilities are often very true to the character itself, and you must use them in ways that make you think outside the box, to complete levels as well as collect all the crystals and medal boxes hidden throughout the stages. The levels become very complex towards the end of the game, but not quite enough to make you rage in frustration. The game is hard, like most Indies should be, but it has that nice little spot on the difficulty scale that makes you want to keep playing and solve whatever part has you stumped. The game is fairly new at the time of writing this, so I never used any walkthroughs. At the end of a world, which contains about 10-20 levels, you'll be challenged to a boss stage to test your skill with your newfound characters. A really nice touch that I liked, was that each boss is based off a boss in another game in some way.Another thing I enjoyed was how they used ""runs."" Each time you switch to another character, or reach some kind of checkpoint, and you die or ""undo"" the run, you get sent back to said checkpoint. You can go further back as you like, up until the very beginning, allowing you to practice more freely and not being too worried about messing up. Because, let me tell you, you will mess up a lot in this game.The music is beautiful. It's simple in the first few levels, but as I entered the second world, it started to grow on me. I'm listening to it right now as I type this. In the credits, it says that the boss music was from Audiojungle, but I liked that nonetheless.The gameplay is smooth, and the animations fit nicely to their respective character. It makes the gameplay with each hero feel like it has a lot of variety. My only problem with this game is a very small one; there will occasionally be a few glitches that send me flying through the wall or floor, unable to get out.I am highly sleep deprived, so sorry if I missed anything. This game is amazing, and despite having unlocked everything already, I keep replaying levels because I hadfun, which is what a gameshouldbe. People have said that this is merely fan bait, but when you think about it, doesn't every game have some sort of selling point that would make you want to play it? And Team Indie did a splendid job with that.Recommended? Definitely. If I were you I would use that coupon and stack it with the release sale for a total 30% off. This is one of the most wonderful games I've played recently, and it certainly deserves to be more well known.I wouldn't have known of this game's existence had it not been for that coupon I got.Truly a masterpiece and a work of art. Well done, Brightside Games!"
,Recommended,302850,12482995,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Athari,"The good:* Mixing numerous game mechanics is fun.* Animations are rather pretty. Backgrounds are satisfactory.The bad:* Almost all levels are as linear and straightforward as they can be. They leave nothing to imagination, you just have to find the one and only correct way. Hidden collectables are ""try finding me outside of the screen"" kind rather than ""I'm right in front of you, try finding a way to get me"" kind.* Not even close to as polished as the original games. You'll have to redo runs just because a level designer didn't expect you to jump one pixel earler or because runs of two characters are half a second away. Collision is often confusing.* Overall, just tedious.The ugly:* Numerous bugs: falling through level, resurrecting enemies, duplicated objects etc.* Music is repetitive and incredibly annoying."
,Not Recommended,302850,13238720,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dani,"This is the worst game i've ever played, and i mean it.It all begins with a discount. I had a coupon for this game, i don't know where it came from, but sounded like a good idea to spend some money on a indie game with great indie game characters. I don't have words to express how much I regret my decision.They managed to ruin EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER they used. Braid was a great game, tiny and big was fun, awesomenauts was awesome but when they are togheter on TEAM INDIE they suck, and they suck hard. Even the Commander from bit trip runner was ruined. THAT CHARACTER ONLY HAS TO MOVE FOWARD, HOW CAN THEY RUIN HIM? But they are TEAM INDIE, the worst team of all. The time travel feature from Braid put me inside various walls, same for the tiny's grapple. Sometimes the explosion from the awesomenauts character didnt work, or work and when you time travel it didn't and the commander is not fast neither accurate enough.I don't know what to tell about the music of the game, because I have to turn it off: it was so bad it really make me dizzy. Yes, this crappy loop music make me dizzy, it was the first time a game music make me dizzy, so maybe there's some credit for team indie after all.I know a game can't be perfect and always have a few bugs, but jesus ♥♥♥♥in' christ. Time travel didn't always work properly, i lost count how many times I entered inside a wall and couldn't leave. There was aa stage when you change character, it just freeze. But they launched an update which fixed that, which was bad, beucase it made me go through the end.If you still reading this and realize I beat this game, maybe you are wondering ""why?"". Well, I think I have a disease. Every game I buy, i have to finish it, and I did, 41 levels of bugs, horrible game design and incoherent puzzles.When I bought this game, my friends laughed at me, really, they did, but I didn't laugh, I cried.In the last levels it was actually fun, because I gathered my friends around me to laugh of the horribleness of the game. When I entered inside a wall using time travel from Braid everybody laught. It could be a good drinking game if the main rule was ""every thime Team Indie bug, we all drink a shot"".Well, I guess thats all, this game is BAD. Bad game design decisions, too much bugs, crappy graphics (what's wrong with the main character? is it a dwarf cat?), horrible music and stiff gameplay. 0.5/10 I hate this♥♥♥♥♥♥and I glad this is over."
,Not Recommended,302850,16866473,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,stubar,"I played this for a little bit as there is a motivation to proceed further into the game.  Unfortunately the most important aspect of the game is done poorly.  The actual platform mechanics feel nasty.  Trying to make two fast jumps in succession often results in the second jump not registering, which is very frustrating.  The characters don't feel solid and the game as a whole feels more like a mobile game from yesteryear."
,Not Recommended,302850,33585506,Posted: 16 July,all,Dragoslove,"A tad dissapointing honestly.  This is a slow paced puzzle platformer.  I was hoping for something a bit faster after seeing the inclusion of the Dustgirl.  My review might be negative, but if you enjoy puzzle platformers this might be for you."
,Not Recommended,302850,22271824,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,digivampire,"This game is a mish mash platformer trying to combine different indie game mechanics into a single experience. While the idea is noble the execution is severely lacking.Pros:+ Interesting ideaThe game has around 40ish levels, each of which combine multiple characters that help each other overcome obstacles. You will play a piece of the level with one character which will then open a path or help the next one as the game reverts to where you started this time with another character. It's a nice concept and works fairly well given the interactions between different character abilities.Cons:- The gameplay is not very engaging, artifical difficulty via annoyanceThe challenge in this game is built artificially by tidious repetation especially in the later levels. Certain characters are a nightmare to control (the bird and knytt in particular, to lesser extent sweeper), which will lead to a lot of frustration. Backtracking is another major issue. For instance you will realize that you didn't fly the bird high enough in certain levels to carry your cat across, you now need to undo last 3-4 runs and repeat everything all over again, only to reach the end of the level and realize in order to get the medal you needed to have done the whole thing in opposite direction when you just spent 45min replaying this over and over to get the run just right.- Bugs galoreEspecially as you cross level 36 and forward (when Knytt is introduced) you will see bug galore. The game breaks down so much its not even funny. Your character will be falling through walls, getting stuck past a wall, spotentiously disappearing. The camera will at times decide to zoom in impossibly close to the character and never reset, making it next to impossible to finish the level. You guessed it, reset everything lets start over again.- Hitboxes are horrendousJanitor is especially problematic here as you will be required to make some tough jumps with him and it will drive you insane. You will slide through trampolines instead of bouncing off of them and hit the ground they rest on.  Last few levels are by far much more difficult than the rest, which is compounded by this issue and others above.- Graphics is nothing to write home about, very simplistic and it shows, not necessarily a con for an ""indie game"" but no plusses here eitherVerdict 3/10:Don't expect to finish this if you get it (on a severe discount) but you might enjoy the levels up to and past the 2nd boss. Everything after that is just an exercise if frustration, since the game is so broken. If you don't have already as part of a bundle you got elsewhere, suggested to pass."
,Recommended,302850,20323589,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jossy,Superb game! Haven't had this much fun in a while! :)
,Recommended,302850,17496776,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DarkWolf4564,"1st_Launch game2nd_Beats a few levels, had a lot of fun doing it3rd_Gets to first boss level, ""Oh my god, the boss is a glitch!"", I got frustrated a lot on this level. Then I finally beat it.4th_Goes back to boss level guess of the epic music! Waited until I calm myself down.5th_Starts lvl & sees this hideous cat thing & ""Oh god! What happened! It's hideous! Change it back to the glitch!""6th_Beats boss lvl a few times, after that I went to beat a few more lvls. The End...Even though this game is really frustrating, I had a blast playing this.It's a really cool Puzzle, Platforming game. My favorite character is the Dustgirl from Dustforce."
76561198074264915,Recommended,302850,12507567,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,][sentrop|[,"Team Indie is a success on the whole, and combines a large range of differing characters with engaging puzzles and fun mechanics.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay of Team Indie is clever and entertaining on the whole. Each new hero is introduced well, with some straight forward puzzles to let the player get a feel for how their specific abilities work. The slow drip feed of characters and the gradual meshing together of their skills, keeps the early game feeling fresh and I found the trek to level 30 a pleasure.The overlapping of multiple runs to achieve a goal, is extremely satisfying and implemented well. Level design is solid, with the transition points when changing between characters used as a check point system. These transition points are where the player is rewound to when they die, or where they can choose to rewind to if they want to re-attempt a run.A fast forward button is on offer to try and limit the amount of time the player spends waiting around for their previous run to move some blocks or flick some switches. The waiting around is minimal in the early levels but becomes excessive in the later game. I started to get particularly annoyed from the late 30s onwards, when completing puzzles with Tiny, from Tiny & Big - Granpa's Leftovers. Tiny uses a grappling hook to move boxes into different locations, and due to the nature of this, and some uninspired level choices, a lot time is spent waiting.VISUALSThe visuals of Team Indie have a hand drawn, cartoon feel and are perfect. This cartoon look allows the different characters with differing art directions to be combined seamlessly. The less serious looking graphics, with bright colours and rich backdrops, also help to ease the frustration this game can cause.MUSICThe music of Team Indie is also spot on, with the sound effects being true to the various games the heroes hail from. The music also helps to ease the frustration with its fun, light tune, but during pressure levels and boss stages, ratchets up the intensity with a well timed rock theme.OVERALLTeam Indie is a success on the whole, and combines a large range of differing characters with engaging puzzles and fun mechanics. My main criticism is that the later levels start to feel cheap, and leave the player sitting on fast forward far too often, rather than giving them something to do. The art style and music work great together and really help to make this game feel fluent and cohesive. I had a great time, controlling time with Team Indie and give it 8.5 out of 10.For my full review and heaps of other delicious content seeGlitch"
,Recommended,302850,12968951,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BanditPig,"This is one of those games with a great concept. It is very fun and challenging to play. But you end up getting bored after about 10 minuits, then you want to play it again, then you stop, then you play and so on. I rate 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,302850,15366973,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"Im honest, the idea behind this isnt really bad but the outcome is not that what it ""could"" be, sadly."
,Not Recommended,302850,12481827,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Boblankin,"The graphics are the worst part about this game. Sometimes the green flare of the background can cause you to miss a jitter's platform. Sometimes jitters is glitched inside a wall. Sometimes, you cannot determine the hitbox for things. Sometimes, you get can stick in random places, and finally, your own teammates can become your own demise.But really, once you get past that, it's a fine game. I'd wait for steam sale."
,Not Recommended,302850,12610923,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jebaited,Game felt cluncky to me. The fan service is great but prehaps less of that and more focus on actually making the game a more enjoyable experiance. I know i have only played a short while but i lost intrest when the game couldnt hold my attention which it should have been able to do with a concept like this.
,Not Recommended,302850,12456562,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Redbl0odx,"It's not a bad game. The concept is cool, a lot of well-known (kind of) indie characters come together to help a cat out of his owner's computer. But...here are some issues. The animations are lacking, the music is about as generic as you can get...the game feels like an android port? Or something you'd see pre-packaged on your computer in one of those stupid HPGAMES or whatever things you see on pre-built computers.For the price, I wouldn't recommend this game...and I wish I could because I love indie games and I love the characters in this. But really the game seems like it was built for little kids, and looks the part. Again, it's not a BAD GAME. But as others have said, there is no substance."
,Not Recommended,302850,13175584,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Akuma is my waifu,Why isn't this smash bros
,Not Recommended,302850,13602953,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Deputy,I dont know why but i thought this game looked good but its just... Ugh3/10
,Not Recommended,302850,12800251,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",I recommend buying this game if you absolutely HATE fun and well made games or if you love aneurysms and crashing complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198074070845,Not Recommended,302850,12480636,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Chellzoide,Controles are not the best and very difficult to handle. Over all not one of my favourite games.
,Recommended,302850,17007470,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,エズィデニアサ,Even it feels like a free game that you get in a box of cornflakes it at least feels like it would have been in a Kellogg's box.
,Recommended,302850,17479026,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kaze no Fuusuke,"Not much to say about this game. It's fun, and sessions are short, bite sized even. I'd almost rather see this on mobile, just for how casual this game is."
76561197976528105,Recommended,302850,33619193,Posted: 17 July,all,Mexicutioner,"A great idea, not the greatest game. Still a solid game though. Has some interesting levels, idea's, puzzles and gameplay."
