user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,303210,18948101,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,America Chavez is a massive gay,"I've been sitting here for five minutes trying to decide rather to reccomend this or not. I do want to say, this game is sad. Thats how I want to preface this review, this game is sad. Ok now lets start. First off, this game is NOT The Stanley Parable. Do not go in expecting The Stanley Parable or anything like it. Second, this game is not fulfilling, it leaves something to be desired, but that is also its intention. Last, this game feels intrusive. I feel like I just read someones insanley personal diary. I played this in one sitting and its not the kind of game you say 'wow that was fun and enjoyable.' I am speechless, I am uncomfortable and I'm going to be laying awake thinking about it. So yes I reccomend it, but only if you think you can handle it, because it's tough."
,Recommended,303210,18306196,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Arskiainen,"This work is monumental. I didn't know what to expect when I started playing. I bought the game because I enjoyed Stanley Parable. I just bought this, without hesitation. I didn't even look at the store page untill after I finished the game. At no point during this whole thing did I know what to expect. After the end, I'm still not sure what to expect... I'm puzzled. I remember thinking that it doesn't make sense for this thing to have a pricetag. Everyone should have this, play this, experience this. But maybe not. They wouldn't get it. Not the way I do. Not in the exact way I do. I guess I don't get it. I was brought to tears by this thing. I feel like... I feel things. I'm rethinking things. This is not your everyday game experience. Maybe I'm overselling it. Maybe I shouldn't write this. Maybe I'm ruining it for someone with this. Maybe I'm being too presumptious. This.. thing. It made me rethink everything I thought I knew about making games. I so desperately want to make games. I just don't.. I haven't really looked at games from these perspectives. I dabble. But not in the ways described here. I want to know more. More about this world. The world of this person. Well done. Hats off to you. I guess I shouldn't post this, but... then again. Maybe no one will read it."
,Recommended,303210,18304634,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Med,Don't think someone is broken just because you can't understand him.10/10
,Recommended,303210,18291298,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,gallifrey,"I finished this game about an hour ago and I still feel a mix of being both emotionally charged and emotionally drained. If you like games that make you feel something, then you will like this. Don't look up anything more about the game until you have finished it. You need to experience it as something completely new and unknown. It will only take you about an hour and a half to complete, but I have a feeling it will stay with you indefinitely, so I don't consider it a short game for that reason.It's very different from the Stanley Parable, but if I didn't know it was made by the same person, I would've linked back to it. There is a similar feeling of unease to both games. Sort of like an outer body experience. But where the Stanley Parable has a lot of humour and light heartedness, the Beginner's Guide feels intensly sad and desperate. And it really did make me feel that way. There were parts of the game that made me want to throw up, and other parts which I played with a constant stream of tears on my face. It was a solid visual interpretation of anxiety and depression.Don't go into this game expecting the Stanley Parable 2. I think that's where a lot of the negative reviews come from. This game has one ending, and there aren't places where you can change things or veer off track. If the game tells you to do something, it won't progress until you do the thing. And it's more like an ineractive movie than a game. You are simply listening to a story while you walk around the scenery. There will be people who won't like the game for that reason. And there are other people who will find it hugely effective and immersive, as I did.If you have finished it, here is my interpretation. (And please please please only read this if you have finished playing.)Coda and Davey are the same person. The game is about a lonely man talking to himself. Davey is struggling with the fact that he's too afraid and anxious to show his work to people, but at the same time he needs validation, attention, and to be loved and understood. He's trying to understand himself through his creations, and he's trying to figure out if other people will see who he really is through his work. But he is wrestling with his own anxiety, which causes him to cut himself off and leaves him with only himself to talk to.Ultimately it's about the things that we all create. Whether it's games, drawings, writing, food. Or even our friendships, relationships, conversations, our existence and place within the world. We are all creating all the time, tangible things like art, and abstract things like thoughts, feelings, and experiences. Do we hide these things from people because we are anxious they won't like us. Do we share them with people because we need to be understood, and does this cause us to share too much. Do we only create things to understand ourselves. Will that even help us to know ourselves if we aren't showing them to other people? A one way conversation can only go so far, afterall.In the end Davey has realised that he wants to experience the world with others instead of alone. He is sharing his various creations and has even provided an email address at the start to invite discussion. His games that once involved conversations by himself have now been opened up. We provide the answers to the qustions that are asked. We read the notes that he wrote, imagining no one would ever see them.I'm still undecided if the ending is happy. I don't know if he is only showing the games because he is desperate for validation. Or if it's because he has decided we are all better when we open up, and share our creations, our thoughts, and parts of ourselves. He doesn't seem to be at peace with himself in the end. But what's clear is that he has overcome a huge amount of anxiety.That's my take on the game. Everyone else's interpretation might be very different, but I think that's partly the point of it. It was a very charged insight into the human condition, and I loved it. I would love to hear other people's interpretations too."
76561198094438341,Recommended,303210,18350883,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,drbanality,"I GUESS PEOPLE CAN ONLY COMPREHEND SPOILER WARNINGS IF THEY'RE IN ALL CAPS, SO SPOILERS AHEAD PEOPLE. ALSO, AND FOR GOOD MEASURE, IN CASE YOU SKIP THIS LINE, TOO-*SPOILERS AHEAD*The Beginner's Guide will inevitably polarize the slice of gaming public that plays it (as evidenced by the reviews trickling in). And that is as it should be. It's a game about the death of the author/programmer, and it is deeply ironic, confusing, and sad. It also questions the cultural desire to canonize some things as ""art"" and discard others, as if there's some apotheosis of meaning to be found in a so-called grand narrative.The hour and a half narrative experiment features a narcissistic auto-narrator named Davey Wreden who tries futilely to grasp the meaning behind a collection of unfinished micro-games that his friend, Coda, presumably made, stored away, and forgot about. The player explores these little interactive abstract expressionistic games and observes as each programmed space gets increasingly desperate, dreary, and claustrophobic. Most of the time Davey annoyingly lectures about the meaning of each game, which actually violates player agency in a way few games manage (and I think that that might be what makes so many people uncomfortable. It certainly made me uncomfortable). Whereas most games contain programmed boundaries for the player--and the meaning of the experiences in these games unfold based on the choices the player makes or is impelled to make--in this case the narrator acts as an extra constraining force that imposes meaning on works that otherwise feel deeply ambiguous.I feel the need to defend this game for precisely these ambiguities, as well as for Davey's constant need to fold those imposed meanings back in upon himself (something that I think we all do when looking at an art piece). Many of the criticisms leveled against this game range from thoughtful (e.g. unlike Stanley Parable, which forces players to reflect upon their choices by showing how games constrain mobility, this game spoonfeeds meaning to players and holds their hands during the experience) to irrelevant (e.g. why pay this much for a bunch of unfinished games?). I'm interested some of these responses because so many of them showed that the game caused a stir, and the most compelling of those responses were ones that almost couldn't decide what to think. Stanley Parable was a complicated game because no other game before it had intentionally done the work of exposing the boundaries of the game world. No other game had discussed so completely how games are such powerfully rhetorical devices (a discussion we need to have more frequently, especially given the legacy of brazen violence in video games that comes, in part, out of a history of military involvement with the games industry).But The Beginner's Guide is something different. Instead of forcing players merely to reflect upon themselves as they engage with the game world, it also asks that the player recognize how one's interpretation of an artwork is colored by personal experience, and that as a consequence it is always already misguided to attribute an absolute intention behind an authored piece. So what do we make of Davey, the actual author? Leaving aside for the moment that the auto-narrator is nothing more than a mirror (or picture, or simulation) of Davey, the author of the game is always inaccessible and non-existent. Once the product is out there, it is up to the player to decide what it means. In other words, everybody's interpretation of a thing is simultaneously subjective (lonely) and socially constructed. That makes meaning both dynamic and intersubjective. Because Davey is an added constraint on the player (metaphorically figured in-game as imprisonment), the player is left to wonder what the hell they just experienced. Was it someone else's loneliness? Was it a desperate game designer crying for help? Was it a massive cliche about how tortuous the creative process is? Or was the game just forcing us to ask these questions in ways we never have before?The player sometimes occupies multiple subject positions in order to feel loneliness and uncertainty. For example, the player is at one point a student in a lecture hall. With the exception of a professor at the podium confidently spouting off pseudo-intellectual nonsense, the entire lecture hall is empty. The camera shifts to different seats two or three times before settling on the professor, who perceives behind the lone student in the auditorium (his pink cube head reading ""listen"" on all sides) a massive black hole sucking in everything around it. Meanwhile, the player gets to choose what the professor says. Yellow highlighted phrases are what the professor would actually say to his students. The grey options, always vulnerable or crass or self-defeating, are the honest ones. Maybe I found this scene so touching because I teach college, too, but it confused the hell out of me because at this point in the game I was so critical of Wreden for being an absolutely pompous jerk, and yet I found myself needing to fold this moment back in upon myself. More than anything, that's the sort of confusing push and pull that makes me endorse this experiment.I recognize that my review might come off as a little ironic, since it seems like I'm attributing absolute meaning to this game. But I'm not. I am just offering a way of thinking about it, and a lot of people might find this way misguided and stupid. That's fine. In the end, it doesn't matter if people do or don't like this game, because what it did is it elicited a confused response that didn't before exist. The cool thing about meta-narratives in games right now is that they suggest game designers are starting to leave behind the tired narratives of hyper-masculine men lugging around heavy weaponry through destroyed cityscapes. Instead, gamers now have to think about how lonely the experience of playing a game is. They have to reflect on the types of questions games are able to raise in ways other media cannot. The possibilities are utterly exciting, and I for one look forward to what developers come up with next."
76561197980443185,Recommended,303210,18299043,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Peaceful Daemon,The Beginner's Guide to existential crisis.
76561197993205533,Recommended,303210,18998436,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,I want to clean my room now
,Recommended,303210,18306750,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Causa,Becomes emotional in a way I didn't think would be accessible to me. Recommended.
76561198043894746,Recommended,303210,18565326,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,piratecheese13,"NOSTOPSTOP READING REVIEWSSTOP WATCHING THE TRAILER AND BUY ITthis is the kind of game that can be spoiled by even knowing there are spoilers, ive already ruined it for you, why didn't you listen?"
,Recommended,303210,32155572,Posted: 3 June,all,^^MrCypon^^,It's not a game it's an experience
76561198050678980,Recommended,303210,18943534,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Team Spectator,Maybe he just likes making prison games
,Recommended,303210,18301138,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spooky Protagonist,Crying wasn't on the agenda for today.
,Recommended,303210,23773596,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,teenalphabro,How do you write about a game that destroys the idea of interpretation of art?Simple.You don't.
,Recommended,303210,19325888,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,h4pZ,Best cry while you press W simulator.
,Recommended,303210,23911421,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Notebook,"So, I don't normally write reviews, but for this 'game', I'm going to make an exception because it seems to encourage the discussion of how one interprets it.To begin, I have to say I was kicking myself after it ended.I felt like I'd jumped to so many conclusions about whoCodawas, only to get backhanded by The Tower.The one thing that hit me hardest though was the message'Stop putting lamp posts in my games.'I just never expected the narrator to lie to me. It made me question what was genuinelyCoda'swork and what had been altered.The whole thing was a real emotional ride.As someone who loves to perform on stage, The Stage was the hardest level. I immediately looked at it from a performer perspective, rather than a gamer's perspective and I just wanted to cry.Being told to back away from the stage and the giant steel bars coming down over and over broke my heart.The levels regarding themachineresonated with me. I've always viewed my creative 'source' as a lone flame. Sometimes it's just a little spark and other times it's a great roaring fire that will keep me up all night as I write stories.So I felt a mixture of sympathy and fear at these levels thattried to find the source, interrogated it, hated it, demanded it to apologise until eventually tried to kill it completely, as if removing the source of creativity would remove the frustration when the ideas wouldn't come.I suppose it scared me a little.At the time I couldn't imagine someone so frustrated they would willfully simulate destroying their own creativity.Of course, then I reached the end of the Tower and felt like a real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥forjumping to conclusions about this person who in reality was just going through a low point and knew full well that the engine can't run at full power all the time.Overall there's just so much to talk about.But despite that, I guarantee that once you finish playing, you'll feel just a little bit empty inside.For me at least, I went into this expecting a thought-provoking experience that I'd have to work hard to understand, but wouldeventuallyunderstand.Instead, I feel as if I simultaneously understand it completely, and yet will never be able to understand it at all.Because, I know someone like the Narrator; someone whoneeds outside validation to feel fulfilled. That, without external praise and acknowledgement, they can't function.I can't relate to that, I struggle to understand that frame of mind. Which is funny, because the Narratorcan't imagine not needing external validation.So it dawned in me that I relate more toCodaand that's where the empty feeling starts. Because what if people interpret my work, my performances, my creativity the same way I initially viewed his?I don't need external validation and I definitely don't need people assuming things about me based on what I've created.And... just likeCoda, I've cut people off for being overbearing and clingy. I've always been aware that it's not pleasant for the person I cut off, but I've always justified it because they're a negative presence in my life and my happiness comes first.I never expected that doing that could have such a catastrophic effect on someone's state of mind.Or, I dunno, perhaps I did.Look, tl;dr this game is not really a game. It's an emotional experience that'll leave you reeling.It's a work of art in truth and if you're into that kinda thing, this game is for you."
,Recommended,303210,18365859,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Naetshade,"""Where did I screw up?""This is an interactive story told through the games of a mysterious developer ""Coda"" and a peculiar narrator. It will probably leave you at a loss for words and make you think about people you've known.A suspenseful, unsettling, brilliant, and emotional tale.I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,19286482,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Farron,"I did not cry, I did not cry. I did not cry, I did not cry, I did not cry. I cried."
76561198037961289,Recommended,303210,23340322,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Artisio,Dear lit. teachers:Play this game.
,Recommended,303210,18707866,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Your Cool Uncle Spoods,"This is not a game, this is an experience, a story, and a great one at that."
76561198031490499,Recommended,303210,26449339,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ReveNaught,"TLDR; Nothing like the Stanley Parable, If you're looking for a goofy game to make you smile, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a game you can burn through in around an hour that will just make you think about the nature of people, give it a shot.This is a difficult game to descibe. Most of the negative reviews I've seen can be summed up with ""bought it cause I liked The Stanley Parable, nothing like Stanley Parable, I hate it."" So yes, if you're looking for another Stanley Parable, look elsewhere. This is an entirely different experience that is trying to convey an entirely different thing.That is not to say that it is bad, no it's just very different. SP was a narrative driven goofy game. You were given instructions, and you obeyed or disobeyed. You made choices and listened to the narrator react to said choices. You always had junctions, forks in the road, choices to make. The fun was making a new one and seeing where it takes you, standing in a closet doing nothing for 5 minutes so you can listen to the narrator get frustrated. There is nothing like that here.This game has an experience it wants to convey and you're along for the ride. When I finished the game, I just sat in my chair. Listening to the credit music and reading the names. I wasnt clicking or pressing enter or trying to find some way to skip the credits. I just waited, just thought. I dont regret buying this, and I could probably get it refunded considering how short it was. But i'm not.I just want this game to be here, in my Steam library. The name just occationally catching my eye and making me remember what I experienced. Maybe driving me to reinstall it and play it again in a few weeks or months.This is barely a review because this is barely a game. It's a story, a book, a movie that you can move in a bit. You dont have choices to make, you follow the narrative, and that's okay. Because at the end, you're left with your thoughts, how you feel about those involved and that's it.I dont know if Coda is real or not. Since the game isnt free, I cant imagine he is. That does not mean, however, ""Coda"" didnt have some form of influence.Is this game just Davey poking at our heads? Being a bit pretentious? A cry for help or big laugh to see how people react?  I dont know. So give it a shot. Take from it what you will and just think about it.Just think about it."
,Recommended,303210,19044230,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kity,"Emotional, Depressing, Intriguing, Mind♥♥♥♥ & ½"
,Recommended,303210,30067754,Posted: 20 February,all,Creamium,This game achieves in 90 minutes what 90% of games fail to do in 20 hours: deliver a story that you won't ever forget.
,Not Recommended,303210,18328461,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Leto Atreides II,"I probably won’t make a lot of friends with this critique, because it deviates quite a bit from the popular consensus. This isn’t really a problem, neither for my point of view, nor for what everybody else seemingly thinks about this game. Suffice it to say that I’m not in the camp that calls this the apotheosis of narrative games.Before I qualify that statement, let’s back up a bit. BecauseThe Beginner’s Guideheavily relies on the fact that you’ve playedThe Stanley Parable, and because of this, it’s nigh on impossible to talk about this game without spoiling both it andThe Stanley Parable. If you do not wish to read how I discuss the flaws in these game, don’t continue beyond this paragraph. To you I merely say thatThe Stanley Parablemakes a promise thatThe Beginner’s Guidedoes not keep.The Stanley Parablewas an examination of what a game is and isn’t and how interactivity plays into that.The Beginner’s Guideattempts to superficially be about game development, but is in actuality a breakdown of a human being and how his outlook colors your own perception of what you experience. Everything after this will be spoilers.So let’s recapThe Stanley Parable: It’s a game that relies on the player being aware of what it wants to tell you. If you follow the instructions of the narrator to the end and think that’s all the game has to offer, you’re gonna have a bland 15 minute walk through some offices. If however you realize that the game is about the choices you make and how it’s difficult for developers to account for all the meaningful choices you should be able to make in a game versus the actual limited palette you get to choose from, you’re granted a lot of freedom to explore this concept, because Davey Wreden successfully mapped out all the choices you can make, no matter how trivial or insubstantial they may seem. This was the genius ofThe Stanley Parable, it made you think about why you play games and why you play them in the particular fashion you are playing them. Depending on how many endings you found on your own as opposed to reading guides, it says a lot about who you as a gamer are and possibly indirectly predicts what type of games you’re attracted to. It spoke directly to you as a gamer and made at least me more aware about the things I do in games, the methods I employ to discover all these new and unique worlds.The Beginner’s Guidetakes some of the cues fromThe Stanley Parableand implements them for completeness’ sake. Narration is the key to both of these games and sinceThe Stanley Parablerelied so heavily on you defying what you were told to do,The Beginner’s Guidehas multiple cases where trying to do anything other than what’s expected of you will result in narration leading you right back on track. Ostensibly, there’s no way to “break” the narrative, and believe me, I tried my hardest to do exactly that.So if the narrative is this important this time around, what exactly are we being told? We get to experience a bunch of little “games” as they’re called, though in all honesty, none of them are games to speak of, since they have no mechanics, no challenges and no failure states. They’re simply interactive pieces that serve to illustrate certain points or thoughts of the person who made them. We’re told that this person is not in fact Wreden himself, but some other person called Coda who created all these short little vignettes without the intent of ever releasing them to the public. We’re supposed to analyze the work of Coda, to get to know this person from his/her work and in some way become familiar with their thoughts, since apparently this person believes that all his/her work is only part of a unified whole, there to express his/her inner workings.What seems like an interesting idea is unfortunately undone by the actual point the game wants to drive home. See, throughout the game, none of the interpretations drawn from these “games” come from the player. They’re directly told to us from the narrator (Wreden himself). As such, we get to see a second-hand interpretation of the work of someone else and what that work might say about that person. In actuality, the game never was about Coda. It was always about Wreden himself and how his interpretation was dead wrong. This creates a hairline fracture in what the game is and what it tries to tell you. The game wants to be seen as an apology to Coda for Wreden’s wrong interpretations into Coda’s “games”. For this to be true however, it makes no sense for Wreden to introduce us to Coda’s games in the way he does. This whole idea of Wreden sharing Coda’s work and then coming to the realization that his interpretation was wrong and maybe the reason why Coda stopped making his/her “games” breaks my suspension of disbelief, because the narrative is already written in stone, so to speak. So my involvement with the title has no bearing on Wreden’s realization, hence why before he published this game, he must have already been aware of all of this.You see, there are elements missing for this scenario to be believable. By making it personal, it opens up a plethora of questions that first need to be answered before I can believe what I’m being presented with. I don’t know if this Coda person is actually real or if everything I’m shown in this game is mere fabrication. Or if Coda is supposed to represent Wreden himself at a different stage, since there’s a good chance that might be true, if the telephone conversation with yourself has any meaning. The problem with this is that for it to resonate with me, I would’ve had to know Wreden and by proxy Coda personally. Because my interpretation of a person will always be different if I relay it to you than your own if you actually meet and interact with that person. Remember all those people who wronged you in some way, who you can’t stand for some reason or another? They have friends who love them for who and what they are and if you were to give your interpretation of that person to their friends, you would be met with confusion.So why exactly doesn’tThe Beginner’s Guidework? Because it’s interactive. The ultimate irony of this title is that the interactivity – no matter how limited it may be – undercuts the narrative it wants to present to us. Because the interactivity plays no role for the player. The interactivity is there for the developer’s sake, not the player’s. That is admittedly an interesting idea, but the idea already spells out why I as a player am not engaged by the interactivity. I’m not part of the narrative, I’m being told something, in a very clear and explicit manner, directly through narration. And it doesn’t tell me anything through gameplay at all. Even the weirder “games” feature basically no gameplay at all, and what little gameplay we do see has no bearing on what that particular “game” is trying to tell us.The Beginner’s Guideis basically the interactive version of an abstract expressionist painting, where the creator desperately wants to make you believe that the work in question has meaning when it really doesn’t, or when it only tangentially touches upon what it intends to say but never actually expands on the central premise. It’s like wanting to get to know Zdzisław Beksiński from his apocalyptic paintings and then finding out that he’s actually quite a nice guy to be with, with a sense of humor that clashes with what his paintings show you. Fittingly, he was also a person who despised other people interpreting things into his work. Or to put it more bluntly,The Beginner’s Guideis artsy for artsyness’ sake, without any redeeming qualities on the gameplay front."
76561198046384593,Recommended,303210,32642996,Posted: 22 June,all,ABircch,There is only one thing you do in this game:Intrude.It is emotionaland it is brilliant
,Recommended,303210,18491956,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Otts,"Wow, I have just finished and I am left speechless....this is one of them games where you should just jump in and watch no videos, read no reviews, just play, I am so thankfull I did that, I didnt spoil the expireence, I advise you do the same."
,Recommended,303210,32029313,Posted: 28 May,all,QuirkCentral,"I expected something from this, but I wholly recieved, emotionally, what I could have never anticipated out of this game. I'm sitting here on my break, crying in the middle of a Panera. Play it."
,Recommended,303210,25005779,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Around The World,"This is a game that everybody needs to play.And I'm going to tell you the best way to play it. This may seem like a very snobby thing to say, but just hear me out... The odds that you're reading this are low, and I don't want to waste any more of your time than I need to.Play this game with an open heart. Open up your emotions, let this game touch you. I don't often do this myself, but this one time... I chose to actually listen and digest everything that's being given to me, and I need to say that I didn't regret it in the slightest. Here I am, 1:00 in the morning, writing a review for a steam game. I never write reviews, ever. No game has ever touched me to the point where I deem it necessary for me to give my two cents on a game. Ever.So please, if you're reading this and you're on the edge about buying it... Do so.The graphics aren't the best, but don't focus on that. Don't focus on that at all. Focus instead on the words being poured through your headset, speakers, or earbuds. Focus instead on the love and time put into this game. Focus instead on all of the little things, learn to smile, learn to cry.I highly suggest this game to anyone and everyone."
76561198042515365,Not Recommended,303210,18292023,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,btgregory,"I was expecting it to be pretentious, but, damn. While there were a couple legitimately touching and insightful moments, the ending fell so flat as to spoil the whole experience for me. The occasional flashes of depth largely just furthered to highlight the overall weakness. It's a game that seems to be about interpreting games, but which leaves you with very little to interpret in the end.As a fan of The Stanley Parable, picking this up seemed like an obvious choice. I wasn't expecting more of the same, but I could have in no way imagined the humorless bludgeoning I was in for.I imagine this will be well received among game devs, which may well be the extent of the intended audience.Anyway, I'm having a bit of a bad luck streak with buying new games on faith, so this review may be a bit more harsh than is warranted."
,Recommended,303210,32115886,Posted: 1 June,all,Hamsteak,"A truly amazing game that reveals the ethics and mistakes of one man.I have no cons. A game meant for someone who wants an experience that makes you go ""Oh my god"" at the end.10 out of 10. Masterpiece."
,Recommended,303210,23769350,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Not So Average Joe,"Let me start this review with the fact that this game is not like anything you have ever played.It does not involve shooting, car chases or any type of sports. instead,it tells a story.I won't include any actual info about the story since it's the only thing this game has to offer. it might sound like not enough, but once you'll play this game start to finish, you'll understand what i'm talking about.The game maybe be a bit short, but it really does not need any more time to prove itself.it's just so deep and sophisticated, you will ponder it's meaning for days after you finished it.If you have time, spare cash or just looking to diverse a bit, i definitely recommend this shortgameexperience.."
,Recommended,303210,33072329,Posted: 1 July,all,Borracho,"An intriguing exploration of the creator's psyche. Not for everyone, but it's heart is in the right place. There is truth here."
76561198142760139,Recommended,303210,28913182,Posted: 1 January,all,thebiguglyalien,This isn't a game. This is an experience.
,Recommended,303210,23413716,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[TiC] Nicky87645,Makes game. Includes door. Cannot open door. Thanks.
,Recommended,303210,18655151,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[REDi]1R LCPL Brad Cage,"I just played this game from start to finish in one sitting.Wow.That is what I found myself saying.Wow.Just wow.This is why I play games. This is what I live for.I love to see this sort of personal journey. This journey through feelings. Through life.It is so meaningful, so deep. Haunting even.This is art. Art of one’s self; of one’s mind.It was beautiful. Beautiful.Beautiful.Thank you Davey.And thank you Coda."
,Recommended,303210,19367415,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Oh Geez,The Beginner's Guide to Feeling Bloody Awful.
76561198029114626,Recommended,303210,24814119,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,hachiseiko,"I played through this, not really knowing anything or expecting anything particular.I feel like I was violated and violated someone or something in return.I cried so much. This game is part me and probably part you.I showered while sitting on the floor afterwards. I thought I was done crying.I'm not."
,Recommended,303210,26257635,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,IMainAsMissPauling,"This game made me weep.This game is beautiful like precious few things in this world are.I haven't read any other reviews, but I'm sure I won't be the first to say that this is one of those games that is better off not described or summarized. It should just be played."
,Recommended,303210,19809510,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Uranium Lollipop,"The Beginner's Guide Review.Developer:Everything Unlimited Ltd. (Davey Wreden)Genre:Walking Simulator, Story.Price:$9.99Played on:GTX 650, Core i3, 1920x1080 Res.""You desperately need something and I cannot give it to you. I literally do not have it.""The Beginner's Guide is a narrative driven game where you as the player get to explore the many creations, they're not really video games as seen by the screenshots above, they are just creations made by a man trying to describe how he feels through making these creations.Or is he?This review is hard to write because there is no good way to describe this game, it's very different to anything I've played to this day and I feel like different people will come out of it thinking different things, that's not anything new, people have different thoughts on games all the timebutthis game is very different from that. This isn't a fight between is the game good or is the game bad. It's more of what the game means to you.Throughout the game, you see all kinds of enviroments and walk through them. They are all very linear and they are all unique and pretty odd. I wish I could describe these enviroments but I really don't want to spoil the game and each one of these enviroments aresuper importantto the game and again, I don't want to spoil anything.I found the game oddly satisfying to play even though I usually don't like fully narrative games. The game just works, it's not a game to be critizised and it's not really meant to be rushed or played slowly it's just avery very verydistinct game compared to other games I've played. Some people might not conisder it a game, some people might consider it a breakdown of a man.In conclusion, The Beginner's Guide in my opinion should be bought and played without knowing anything about it, some people might not like the game, I feel like some people will like this game more than others and vice versabecausethe game has so much to discuss and to talk about while having almost nothing to confirm. This was a weird review to write just because this game is so unique.I recommend The Beginner's Guide only to people who want a story, no gameplay, no quests, no weapons, no fighting bad guys. Just a weird emotional crazy story.For breaking my mind slightly with just a narrative, I give The Beginner's Guide a9/10.For more reviews like this, check out my curation pagehere!"
,Recommended,303210,18299665,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TFW no screaming soaps,A game that is a must to experience for any creative individual.
,Recommended,303210,28429703,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,pixxi,Never before have I experienced anything quite like it.It takes you away and makes you feel completley submerged.This game is very personal.Beware that it might hit you in the feels.I feel emotionally drained.10/10
,Recommended,303210,22897711,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Alice,"As a game: not really that good.As a rollercoaster of emotions: wow, yes.I'm not entirely sure quite what the intention of this game was (or even the facts behind it), but you end up feeling a lot of different emotions. It draws you in very well, and I know it's going to stick in my mind for many years.I can see why some people would completely hate it, but I quite enjoyed playing it, and even enjoyed mopping up the tears."
,Recommended,303210,19479916,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Downward Concept,Stop reading reviews and buy the game.
,Recommended,303210,32788781,Posted: 25 June,all,Dekker,If you're a sensitive soul or just enjoy a compelling story I strongly recommend this game.This is the first thing I've ever played that I would consider more art than game.
,Recommended,303210,18867671,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Action Hero Daft Punk,This game is good.  You should play it.  Let's get broken together.
,Recommended,303210,27986508,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jammy4312,"The Beginner's Guide is a roughly 90 minute movie-type-thing that invites you to explore the games created by Coda, a friend of Davey Wreden. Davey narrates the experience in much the same manner that Kevan Brighting narrated the Stanley Parable, which makes sense given that Davey was one of the writers for the game.Ihighlyrecommend that you play this game without looking up any discussion of the game. Go into the game blind, and you'll only enjoy it all the more."
,Not Recommended,303210,18288220,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,King Kasai,"I went along with the whole experience hoping that the contrived nature of the story was intentional. It seemed clear to me that the character Coda was not real, that he could not be real. I admit I hoped that at the end some plot twist or heel turn would validate the experience. The way the story was told, the way the levels were designed... even the oppressively unsubtle nature of the developer's 'insights' gleamed from playing these games were, at first, all very genuine and charming. I felt like I was at an interactive one-man show, a cooperative poetry slam, something very unique and interesting.Unfortunately, the mystique and charm of the story began to wear thin as I neared the end. My initial suspicion of contrivance came back in force as I reached the saccharine climax of the story.As much as the sentiment is echoed in so many negative reviews, I genuinely wanted to like this game. But I simply cannot ignore the egotistical nature of the story. As I see it, there are a few possibilities:1. The game is a true story, and the author is actually seeking to reconnect with this person. Besides my own cynicism preventing me from believing such an enigmatic yet loosely described person existing outside of shallow fantasy, I cannot believe that the developer is so fiercely ignorant as to charge money for such a supposedly heartfelt message. Which leads me to 2.2. The game is a work of fiction. In which case, the game is not only manipulative; it also loses pretty much all of its value when you realize it's just a hollow sentiment dressed up as a cry for help. But there's one more possibility.3. The game is an experiment dressed as fiction. There is no community support on steam as I write this review. This could just be a glitch, but it got me thinking about the possibility that this is all just a means to send a message, but not the one stated in the game's conclusion. Is it a daring critique on the medium, or a thoroughly callous misappropriation of player trust? I’m not sure, but I suspect we’ll find out after the reviews start coming out.I admit, the third conclusion is far-fetched, and assumes a lot about the developer’s character, but I struggle to find an explanation for how thoroughly disappointed I am with the game’s conclusion. It might just be that the game is either a naïve cry for attention, or a vacuous and misleading experience.EDIT: More directly and succinctly stated:Is it 'artistically viable' (lacking a less robotic term) for a creator to slice their heart open in front of an unwitting audience, and expect them to forgive the shortcomings of the actual work in lieu of their suffering? Is that honest? Is it right for me to criticize that person for how they feel, when what they really need is support?Indeed, does the fact that I'm considering these questions openly mean I have no right to pan the work, since it's given me some artistic insight?Ultimately, I have to stick with my gut reaction: This is a moving piece, but pouring an emotional deluge over an unsuspecting audience should not be praised when so many works can do the same with more subtlety and grace. I do not know the man, I do not resent his suffering or seek to add to it, but I definitely do not want to be charged to experience what eventually amounts to an unfiltered look into his emotional issues."
,Recommended,303210,18348884,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,"Lemmings ""R"" Us",This game is not really a game. It is more an interactive menotional phycological walkthough. Which is perfect if you really want to feel something. I wish their are more games like this.
,Recommended,303210,18656676,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,basic,"I'm not the type of person who usually gives reviews on games or buys on the internet. To be honest this is my first review on the Steam plattform ever. So why this time? Why giving a review to this game?Because this game deserves it. I'm not going to talk much about the content and spoiler the experience for you. The less you know about this, the better it gets. It touched me in a way, that after playing it, i instantly had to talk to people and hear about their thoughts on that game. I grazed the internet for theorys, about the big picture behind. Shared my thoughts.None of the latest books, movies, games, AAA titles whatever left me with this feeling behind, or even made me think about it for several days later.So my recommendation on this one. Go get it, take yourself 2-3 Hours of time and enjoy this special experience!"
,Recommended,303210,32154966,Posted: 3 June,all,Creatismus,"This might be my favourite game of all time.If you look at the time I've played this (which is technically inaccurate since my first playthrough was on a cracked version, I'm sorry :c) and think that 2 hours is not worth 9€, you're thinking about it in the wrong way. In these few hours, I have felt more emotion than in, say, playing Rocket League for over 700 hours.I'm gonna say it, I cried like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ after my first playthrough. I'm not saying you will, too. But you should still give this game a chance, as it is not only very emotional, but also very expressive and philospohical.It is probably the best example I know for video games as art."
,Recommended,303210,19891873,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RocketRabbit??..,4:37 PM - Rocket☯Rabbit(trading): i just bought a game4:37 PM - Paul ツ: what game4:38 PM - Rocket☯Rabbit(trading): The Beginner's Guide4:38 PM - Rocket☯Rabbit(trading): its suppose to play with my emotions4:38 PM - Paul ツ: lol4:39 PM - Paul ツ: you have noneAfter Playing5:38 PM - Rocket☯Rabbit(trading): im crying10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,303210,32136655,Posted: 2 June,all,Glazed_Toaster,"For anyone who has yet to play this masterpiece, stop reading this comment right now. Maybe glance at other comments posted by other users, but only look at one or two. Don't even watch the trailer if you haven't already. I keep talking to you, the reader, because I know that you haven't stopped reading this comment, because I keep prolonging it. This is where my warning ends, as I ask you to please purchase this game. What I am about to say next is meant for the creator of this game, if he's out there, along with the users who have played this work of art.I think that at the end of the game, we can all relate to Davey. We interpret things all too much and begin to over analyze to the point where you start to believe something is wrong when there really wasn't anything wrong to begin with. It delivers a personal connenction that you wouldn't have thought that you'd have to think about when playing this..experience. We interpret things the way we want to, and sometimes come to the conclusion that something is wrong. Naturally, when something is wrong, we want to solve it because that's just what makes sense. We want to feel like we can solve something to make things better, and in turn we feel good about ourselves, and start to only get caught up in the fact that what we/you are doing is a good thing. We subconsciously block out the fact that what might be doing good for us, isn't necessarily the best option. Davey, if you ever read this, just know that I don't blame you for what eventually ended up happening at the end. I think we all can relate to this, and take a lot from it. Through your pain and through the pain that Coda felt, it teaches us a lesson. That some things ARE the way that they seem. To respect someone's wishes that they know is best for them, and not to do what YOU think is best for them. This is a very difficult situation, because when you interpret that someone is going through pain and depression, your natural instinct is to help. But maybe, just maybe, it's okay to stay out of some things because not everything is what you interpret it to be. If Coda ever plays this game and gets to the ending, I hope that he accepts your apology just as you hope for the same thing. I also hope that you realize, and I'm sure you do, that Coda may not make anymore games, let alone tell you that he's made more. Games are supposed to have thought put into them, but don't necessarily have to be shared with the world. Making a game can be used as an outlet so that whatever ideas spark in their head, they can make it into a real thing so that they have a sense of accomplishment. It can also be a thing where it's just out of pure joy, because they love to do things their own way, because it makes them happy.I would like to thank you for realizing the wrong that was done on your behalf, and for teaching us this very valuable lesson. It's something that we all can relate to, and touched very close to heart."
,Recommended,303210,18572141,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,damdam,"I'm sitting here in my chair, speechless. I can't feel anything. This isn't a game, this is an adventure. Adventures have ups but just as many downs. This ""game"" is one of the few that really touched me. I can't say anymore. I beg you, if you're looking to buy this game, do not read any reviews about the actual experience. This has been the happiest and saddest 2 hours in my life. I cannot tell you more, you must tell it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18353334,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,GasMask,Wow... I don't know what to say... Just... I don't know...
,Recommended,303210,23238979,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zawghu,"Too often, people equate a game's value and its length, when they really shouldn't. I don't have that much free time, so it's hard for me to really get invested in long games, so when a game like this manages to condense a meaningful story into a short experience such as this, I'm usually satisfied.A lot of the game's themes were personally relatable, and I'm glad I had this experience. If you're hesitant, and haven't really liked other walking simulator type games, then you probably won't like this one. But if you're willing to try playing a game and analyzing it in the same way one would a book, then I wholeheartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,18527500,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,espacio vacío,"The lamp posts got me; they got me good.Seriously though, this is one great yet somewhat depressing experience.three dots out of ten"
,Recommended,303210,18295135,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Metadigital,"Note on recommendation: This game is roughly the length of a movie, and I got about as much enjoyment from it as I would a movie. Therefore, I'm going to go ahead and recommend this game despite its length and lack of interactivity. That being said, this game is for a very niche audience. I would not recommend it to the general gaming audience.Note of reviewer: I make games for a living, and this game talks about people who make games. As a result, the messages in this game are going to reach people like me. It will not mean as much to others.Note on the game: This game deals with depression and people pleasing, which could be uncomfortable for some players. Be sure you're ready for some heavy material before diving in.Actual review:What more needs to be said than what I already said? This is a rather heavy examination of some of the psychology that goes into creative works. There are parts that feel very contrived throughout. I didn't actually feel like I was looking at what I was told I was looking at. People don't really make games exactly as presented here. Nonetheless, there are facets of it that ring painfully true for anyone who has attempted creative work like this. It'll get you to think about your relationship not only with your work, but with other people's work. For that, I think this game was overall a success.If you're considering getting this game, I suggest you find someone who has played it and who knows who you are first to see if they think you'll get something out of it. Otherwise, you may find yourself disappointed.Steam offers a refund for any game you've played for less than 2 hours. As this game is about 90 minutes long, this means that theoretically anyone who buys it could get a refund after playing through it. Please don't do this to indie developers. If you buy this game, keep it in your library. If you're not willing to part with $8-10 on 90 minutes of entertainment, then... well, maybe these kinds of games just aren't for you."
,Recommended,303210,31405081,Posted: 27 April,all,Azir,I cried.
,Recommended,303210,26261489,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Pacing and overall tone of the storyThe the feels I had during the game (no joke)What You Need to Know:This game is not for everyone, and that's ok. Just wanna say it has zero gameplay from a normal perspectiveIt's a walking simulator with dialogue and some dialogue choices or are they really. O.oSince the whole reason to play this game is for the story, I will try to describe it without spoiler muchFirst it is an interpretative story and one that will get the most out of if you can relate to feelings of self worth, life's purpose or validation, and loneliness.Not saying that if you don't care for this game, you don't have feelings. It's just it's a story formost and one that you just walk through and reflect on.If that sounds boring, lame or stupid. Don't buy this game, you will not enjoy it. Otherwise get it. That's pretty much all I can say without spoiling or enfluencing your perspectiveMy Score:BPrice:$6Completed in: 1.7 hoursGames similar:Stanley ParableTalos PrinclipleThat Dragon, Cancer"
,Recommended,303210,31641234,Posted: 9 May,all,%20&amp;%20,play through a bunch of rejected steam greenlight games until the narrator bursts into tears
,Recommended,303210,18330908,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Phelyne,"Do I recommend this game?No. I'd not recommend this to anyone without feeling terrible about myself afterwards.It's so depressing. It makes life seem hopeless and stupid. It makes you confused about how to feel about the developer of The Stanley Parable.But on the other hand, I do recommend it. It's a very unique experience and makes you see things from another perspective.10/10, 0/10, 69/420. I'm confused. I don't know what to rate this game, but in the end, I have to rate it positive."
76561198066253605,Not Recommended,303210,18372139,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SABINA,"While this is a Not Recommended review, I can really only recommend it for other game developers. I do not recommend it for the average gamer. It is, in places, visually interesting. The narrator (and author) is actually a decent voice actor. It seems to attempt a deeper meaning than is readily clear and it may be compelling for some to think about. There are many theories and ideas about it's meaning popping up, and it has created some interesting conversations. There is some value in generating this kind of open table discussion, so far without any input from the author, but it boils down to third-party speculation about one individual's personal head space. Interesting for a philosophical symposium, but ultimately futile. Most reviews and threads I've read about it could be summarized with the statement ""Because I do not understand it, it must be deep and meaningful.""The author seems to have a message he wants to convey, but struggles with how to convey it. I think this was a rather personal game, made as a message, or apology, to a specific person. There is an extant interview with the author that backs this theory. The narrator is a sort of devil's advocate, playing as the person he wants to apologize to, while the fictional second character is the author himself. A kind of role-reversal, as if to say ""See, I know how you feel, and I'm sorry.""In any event, it didn't leave me with a good feeling. The parts where the second character was railing at the narrator for needing a purpose or point in a game, felt like the author himself railing at gamers in general. In fact, it gave me the feeling that gaming itself is a futile waste of time and life. A strange message to convey in a game, and a depressing notion for a gamer. Even the part with all the notes left by fictional gamers felt like a condescending mockery of gamers in general, as if we are all a bunch of selfish, immature cretins demanding that the emotionally complex genius of a developer gut his poor soul for our entertainment. It seems to me The Beginner's Guide to disenfranchising your customer base. A feeling of unease, almost nausea, builds throughout. There was some potency in the final sequence, but mostly I was just glad for it to be over. After all that, the mopey song at the end just felt like cynical manipulation.What I think in a nutshell: the few negative reviews for The Stanley Parable really got to him and this is the result, a figurative middle finger extended to gamers. I could be entirely wrong, but that's the feeling it gave me. If it were free to play I might recommend it, but no one should pay actual money for what amounts to an expiremental, self-indulgent foray into a game developer's emotional state, personal life, and thought process. The message I got was -- making games is hard, emotionally taxing and psychologically draining for the tortured genius. Though a game may be published, it was not made for you, but is simply an expression of the author, a catharsis of artistic talent and technical skill which you do not deserve and could never possibly understand. It reminds me of juvenilia, the kind of poetry that teenagers write; deeply personal, self-centered, overwrought tripe that has little to no value for most other human beings."
,Recommended,303210,18365224,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Hidden Knight,I am ... Sad.
,Recommended,303210,27981831,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luna,"This is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, yet it's so sad and..dark."
76561198080687982,Recommended,303210,18553129,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rengle,"This game made me take a good hard look at myself and made me contemplate all my friendships. I won't say anything about the game, but if you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ person, this game will let you know. As far as walking sims go, this is one of the best.10/10 Would never play again but had a large impact on my outlook on life"
,Recommended,303210,27930112,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,"Wow, I can't believe I did not write a review for TBG.Very few games in my life made an impact of such tremendous scale as TBG.This is most charming, deep, dark, clever and witty game that tries to answer the questions that I really don't even have guts to ask myself."
76561198040854782,Recommended,303210,29596001,Posted: 30 January,all,Scabida,"I purchased this game without any investigation, so I had no idea what to expect.  I just finished it a few minutes ago, and I am, without complete understanding as to why, wanting to write about it.  The story itself could be a complete fabrication, or the stone cold truth... I don't think it really matters.  I enjoyed the telling, real or imagined, and as little as I know about Davey or Coda, I feel for them both.  Not as though I understand them... I have been moved by classical music and felt disconcerted by modern art, without really understanding any of it... I do not pretend to understand the motivations behind this game, but I do believe in the necessity of its existence, and I do feel better for the experience.  Thank you for putting it out there."
,Not Recommended,303210,19420376,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MJR,"(This is a long one, TL:DR at the bottom)I really wanted to enjoy this, in the sense that I wanted to get some sort of emotional experience with it. I often find myself yearning for deep stories and intersting ideas when it comes to games, and I really thought this was going to fulfill that, especially after reading the plethora of recommendations and watching the interesting trailer.I went into this game knowing that it was only going to be about an hour and a half long, knowing that it was going to be nothing more than a visual novel-esque experience/game.What I was really looking for in this game was something to make up for that, with all of the praise it's getting in the reviews, and all of the recommendations describing it as a deep experience, that is what I was expecting.What I got was an interesting story, but it felt very shallow, forced, and like it was trying to be something but didn't really know how to do it. Yes, I understand what it is trying to do, and I really wanted to like it, I overlooked a lot of the cheap things like the corny voice acting (that I don't believe was trying to be corny, it was trying to be dramatic. If it was trying to be corny then it was uncalled for anyways) and the fact that some things were immersion-breaking. Yes, I know it's fiction, but the point of getting into a story is to suspend disbelief, and a during most of this game, I struggled to do that, it just didn't feel meaningful.Edit (Side note about appealing to game developers):I've also heard that this was a game that would be appreciated by game developers even more so. As someone who has created several projects using various engines and / or programming languages from GML to Unity to raw Java to the Source Engine itself (My Dota 2 mod can be found on my page, although I would hardly even count that as evidence of my work, as it involved little to no programming and was mostly like a map creation than anything else, which is what I would classify these ""games""), which is what is featured in this game. HOWEVER, I think this only DECREASED my enjoyment of the game! The game has you go through a collection of ""games"", however I can hardly classify these as games at all! Rather, they seem to just be maps / mods made with the source engine! And the time frames that were given for each game? Hardly seemed realistic at all! Yeah, it was made by one guy, but like 6 months for map with a house where you click on things to clean them up? I could whip something like that up with no engine in less time, let alone using the Source engine itself! The only explanation I can think of is that he had a lot going on, like a full time job and what not, and he wasn't a full time developer. Not to rant or act as if I know a lot about game development, I still have a long way to go to even consider it a side hobby, but with this knowledge, I feel as though my suspension of disbelief was only harder to achieve!In the end, I was expecting something impactful to make up for the lack of other content. I see people praising it for being impactful, invoking emotions like sadness and awe at what was done. But for me, I was left with disappointment, as I found myself feeling nothing more than as if I was trying to make myself feel something about the game because I just dropped money on the thing and wanted to get SOMETHING out of it. It wasn't a meaningful story for me, and it almost seemed like a waste of money.This is not a bad project, it was interesting in a sense, but even after trying to force myself to experience some sort of response and looking for at least some kind of interesting interpretation, I am left with little to nothing. I'm sure that there are plenty of people who would feel the same. And for that reason, I can't recommend this for the price it is charging.I am still looking for a reason that this game is getting praise, however. If you feel that I am wrong, or disagree with what I said, please feel free to leave a comment on here and share that with me. I am interested in why this game is getting such high praise from people.TL:DR - This game was disappointing for me, it did not invoke emotional response and could not hold my suspention of disbelief. I can see what it was trying to do, but the drama felt shallow and forced. Thus, not worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,18340328,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Subliminal Smile,"As soon as I saw this game, I bought it on impulse, without a second thought. I went into this without watching any trailers, or reading any info. Other than knowing I had enjoyed his other project, The Stanley Parable.That's probably the best state of mind to play this game, as long as you're not expecting it to be another game like that. This is a completely different experience; more experimental and evoking entirely different emotions and reactions. As someone who struggles with my own creativity in terms of expression and finding a balance between seeking validation and keeping certain things for myself...this game was almost uncomfortably personal to me. I've never actually played a game before where it felt like the game was speaking directly to me in some way, or presented to me in such a way that it elicits such a intimate response. I would suggest it to anyone who has a folder full of unpublished games or notebook full of unfinished ideas, or just a mind full of untapped potential. This game is like a secret, warm space you can take some comfort in, because you are not alone."
,Recommended,303210,20038846,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,caleb4est,"What... what... what did I just witness.I can't say anything. I won't say anything.But you need to buy this game. Few games have made me feel the way I feel right now.The Last of Us was tragic, The Old City: Leviathan was thoughtful, The Stanley Parable was confusing... and this game is all of that and more.I can't explain to you, without spoilers, how good this game is. Please... trust me.I give this game 10/10. No lie. For what it is, I give this game 10/10. I see no flaw.If you'll excuse me, I need to go rethink my life now. Peace."
,Recommended,303210,33691148,Posted: 21 July,all,Phoenix,"Every artist, whether they draw pictures, make music, write stories, develop games, or just come up with ideas for fun without using them, should play this game. Especially that last one. There is a lot here to unpack about the nature of art and what it means to people, but I'll leave it to you to figure out what this game says to you personally."
76561198036538000,Recommended,303210,18320321,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jashbread,I have never played a game that has affected me as much as this one. I'm not sure I was even supposed to play it.
,Recommended,303210,18316609,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,KillingArts,"I had no idea what I was getting into, when playing this game. All I knew was that this is the new game of the creator of The Stanley Parable. That was it. I didn't watch the trailer. I didn't read anything about it. And I recommend you do the same. This was one hell of a ride. And it's not over. I finished it like an hour ago. And I can't stop thinking about it. I know I will think about this for the next days. I guess I have to play it again. Sorry, I can't go into detail without spoilering. So I won't. All I will say is, this is an experience well worth the money. It's an insight in someone's psyche. It's very well narrated. And it probably will let you sitting in front of your PC for minutes, if not longer, after you finished it, thinking about its meaning - as it just did with me.Thank you, Davey, for exposing yourself like this. I don't think I could ever do that."
,Recommended,303210,22838864,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Chdata,"A fun and short psychological game with excellent story and surrealism.It's more like an ""Interactive Movie"" than a game. A concept that I'm interested in seeing done more in the future, especially with Virtual Reality."
,Recommended,303210,30216686,Posted: 27 February,all,Pingu,This was truly an amazing experience.I don't think I've been so emotional over a game in a very long time.I'm glad I played this game.
,Recommended,303210,18455901,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Are We Cool Yet?,Play this game without knowing anything about it. It'll make it all the better.
,Recommended,303210,18299710,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kelso,"The Beginner's Guide didn't deeply change me. It didn't fundamentally alter the way I look at games. It ultimately doesn't provide any life changing revelations that alter the way I perceive things.In the end, what it let me do was: to think.Take a moment, it won't take up too much of your time, and do me a favor.Just think.So...What did you think about?"
76561198035606390,Not Recommended,303210,21543961,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Shovasta,"To be blunt I don't think I'm smart enough to ""get"" this.I wan't able to relate to anything that was being said nor did I pick up on any messages or themes the author was trying to get across.I just completed the story and I'm sat here feeling nothing except mild confusion."
,Recommended,303210,30912498,Posted: 2 April,all,mark hyukerburg,"This game. Don't watch anybody play it. Don't talk to people about it. Experince it for yourself. For ten dollars, it is the greatest emotional rollercoaster you can get.Buy this game."
,Not Recommended,303210,18295526,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,tfortrannc,"To start off, I really liked The Stanley Parable, like REALLLLY REALLLY liked it. So I don't inherently dislike this type of game.This game is trying too hard to be thought-provoking, and skimps on some of the polish due to that. The story is too angsty and doesnt develop into anything until the very end. The gameplay is shallow, even by 'walking-simulator' standards, the choices you are allowed to make, which are entirely sets of three dialog options, affect the game in no way whatsoever.I can't really comment on the graphics, becuase the bargian basement newgrounds aesthetic is part of the game, Anti-Alisasing is off by default by-the-way.Overall 3/10; I did not enjoy this game, and got very little out of it. If you are looking for something to provoke thought The Stanley Parable or SOMA will do a much better job."
,Recommended,303210,18319516,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Jit,"Narration-heavy, but not in a bad way. The gameplay helps draw you into the story, even with it is a ""walking sim"". Definitely lends creedence to video games as an art form. So if you don't mind the lack of gameplay and treat it like an interactive exploration through a story, it's definitely a nice 1.5-2 hour experience.Also recommended for creative types."
,Not Recommended,303210,22069332,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,exapaw,"I loved The Stanley Parable, but this title just seems too pretentious. It tries to tell a deep story by letting the player walk through Source Engine levels of increasing complexity - or rather detail. The narration is good, but the whole thing just seems fake and gets boring pretty quick."
,Recommended,303210,29346237,Posted: 18 January,all,Loyalty,"I recommend this game to game developers and only game developers.This isn't really a game for everybody. Although, it did make me cry, so...To game developers, this game is more than just a game, it's a powerful message. This game... well, it isn't much of a gameplay game, it's a story game. If you don't like a good story, then don't buy this game.It has multiple messages, actually, and I don't want to ruin the game for anyone who happens to be looking at my review. It picks up very slowly but it's actually very interesting, great story, and doesn't take up too much time. If you do play it, I recommend doing it in one sitting, otherwise, the experience won't be as good.I give it a 10/10, because it's important to remember that this game was made by an actual person. (It's... a reference... Ah, forget it.)"
,Recommended,303210,28834023,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Valdraen,"I went into this game not knowing that it was purely a work of fiction. Until halfway through, I still held the belief that it was mainly just a guy trying to reach out to his friend. Then, it slowly ramped up the madness, and I began to realize that it was, in fact, fiction- but, even as a fictional story, this game hits home it a lot of ways.Very much a philosphical work, and if you intend to play it, be sure to have an open mind. It speaks to the values we hold today as a people. It shows why external validation is not necessary, and even harmful. And it makes you think about context and how we judge the people we know based on our miniscule amount of knowledge on them.Overall, a good game. I would give it an 8/10.I also found the narrator's voice very soothing. 9/10."
,Not Recommended,303210,20367238,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,I'm Not Sue,"This is going to be an unpopular opinion, but that's okay.  Its just my opinion.  I do not think this is a good game.The game presents a story of the narrator interpreting the creative work of a friend who ultimately cut contact with him over his interpretation of the works and mis-assumption that creative works are necessarily a reflection of their creator.   Not enough information here is presented to know if the story is true, or what parts of the story may or may not be accurate.  As such, I am taking the game on face value, just the story as it is presented.The game presents no real meaningful discussion on its premise, just imagery and an emotional narrative about how the narrator felt about the 'games' his friend made and how it caused a falling out.  These games are not games, it is more accurate to say 'interactive creative works absent of themes of play structure.'  The problem is that the story just seems to boil down to two people who did not really agree or understand each other about one of their creative expressions, and nothing more.  You are not given enough information to make any sort of reasonable assumption on what transpired, or gain insight about how the two interacted.  The Beginner's Guide presents no meaningful discussion of its own on the topic either.  Its 1.5 hours of someone saying 'this inspired me then I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the guy who made it.'  Does it seem like I'm repeating myself?  I can't think of how else to say it.  Theres nothing else to the story but that.The 'games' made by the narrator's friend are shown to you in game and you are free to poke around them, but they aren't particularly meaningful or thought provoking.  Maybe its because I don't identify with the presented themes of idolization, creative burnout, drama, social anxiety, or whatever else people seem to see in this game.  Maybe it's because the presentation is too shallow.  The narrative states that the 'games' made by the narrator's friend were never made to be shown to other people.  This probably explains why.  Maybe its because the themes seem to be the struggle of an immature person who isn't very good at figuring out his life or approaching things logically, perhaps why the game is titled 'The Beginner's Guide'.  This isn't a jab at the creator if the story is true.  Young people are immature because they are inexperienced, emotional relationships cloud logic, and so forth.  Thats just how things are, and that's not a character flaw on anyone.  But its not a situation that appeals to me.  I see it and on top of the narrative and presentation being too thin, it just does not appeal to me.So overall, I don't recommend it.  I bought the game at $6 and felt like the narrative presented was so lacking that my time was wasted.  I requested a refund.  I cannot believe that he would ask $10 for this title, and I don't even think it would be worth your time at $5.  The value of your dollar is up to you, and my opinions often run contrary of popular ones.  Feel free to dismiss my review, and if you buy The Beginner's Guide I hope that you enjoy yourself even if I did not.I want to put this last because it is somewhat tangential to my review.  To top off the rest of what I have said, the non-fictional potential of the narrative puts the game in a possibly negative light.  The narrative says that the games presented in The Beginner's Guide are ones that the narrators friendexplicitly forbadethe narrator from sharing and that he put them in the game as a cry out to the friend who severed contact.  This puts the act of putting them in this game into moral and legal question.  Obviously the narrative is, once again, incomplete.  The narrative states information about events that occured at just one point in time, and that may have changed in events not included in the narrative.  I can only assume that permission was given or legal concerns accounted for, because otherwise The Beginner's Guide shouldn't be on steam.  If it was the creator's intent to evoke this reaction with the story, it seems strange.  Am to assume that the narrator's story is true and the creator of The Beginner's guide has done something reprehensible and immorral?  If not, why is it trying to make me think it is?  It seems underhanded, and just underscores how the game is so badly lacking."
76561198078993075,Recommended,303210,23230152,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,watyrfall,"Made me think about friendship, loneliness, boundaries, creativity, and a bunch of other stuff."
,Not Recommended,303210,18287740,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Iclucian Dance,"I see what this game is trying to do (it's not as much a game as it is a message) but I can't help but feel ripped off.$8, 1.2 hours of gameplay, and overall just an unsatisfactory feeling at the end of it all.If you're looking for top keks like in The Stanley Parable, you won't find it here. I went into this game blind, and in the end I wasn't pleasantly surprised like I thought I would be.If I had to describe this, it'd be like buying a $8 cup of coffee at some Brooklyn coffee shop and feeling that ""this was unique, kinda interesting, but absolutely not worth $8"" afterwards."
,Not Recommended,303210,21130596,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Weick,After  you played it you feel so dam dirty and used.
76561198164499364,Not Recommended,303210,18298308,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gyaraga,"I was a fan of the Stanley Parable, so I thought I might enjoy this. I followed recommendations not to find out anything about it or watch the trailer, and bought it without knowing anything other than NOT to expect Stanley Parable 2.I have to say, I just didn't care for it. I found it self-indulgent. I see what it was trying to do. The concepts and ideas were conveyed clearly, but I don't feel they were executed well. It seemed like a narcissistic, heavy handed This American Life story, rather than a fun game.It didn't make me feel anything but regret."
,Recommended,303210,26498286,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tomsthreem,I love and hate Davey Wreden at the same time.
,Not Recommended,303210,19340253,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,cactuscoffeecheetoschicken,"You are paying for someone's form of therapy.It's hard to elaborate or say otherwise on why this game isn't worth buying (especially for the full ten dollar price) without spoiling the entire plot of the game which is the only thing of (questionable) value that the game has. The game managed to hold my interest until the end, but thinking about it after finishing the game, it really didn't tell me anything. You just walk and listen to someone's narrative that barely involves or affects the player at all.If you are REALLY into the whole ""artsy"" game genre, and this game still piques your interest, buy it when it isextremelydiscounted. I bought this game at 40% off--six dollars--and I still wish I had waited for it to be cheaper or had never bought it in the first place.And before someone asks me about it, no, I did not take the entire game literally and I do realize what the developer meant this game to be about. But the meaning's value to the player is extremely dubious at best."
,Recommended,303210,19697275,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,KazzualGamer,"I have been wanting to give my take on this game for a while. I suggest playing the game before you read this, or any reviews for that matter.I, like many others, went into this 'game' with Davey the narrator walking me through, introducing me to a man named Coda's art. By the title, I assumed this was going to teach me how to begin making games. It started out really confusing, and almost boring, as Coda's first set of games were just him goofing around with the development, not making finished products on purpose. Ok, i've seen many unfinished games before so nothing special. Davey starts giving his interpretation on these games, how raw they seemed, and in my personal opinion, I wasn't following the hype he was putting out. It sort of reminded me of those English classes that questioned any and every part of a story, as if every word spewed is some shakespearean masterpiece that we just don't understand yet. When Davey expressed his worry with Coda's prison games, it put Coda in a light that made him seemed troubled, and made me feel sorry for him. Of course, hearing it from a supposedly 'reliable' narrator with no reason to lie, would give me no other word to believe, as the viewer is under the impression that these two people know each other quite well by now. At this point, i'm subconsciously applauding Davey for his unsolicited concern with a friend. Between the door puzzle, lamposts, and seemingly eerie atmosphere, I started coming up with my own idea of who Coda was through his games, similar to what Davey did.Here's where it gets sketchy for me: Davey shows us an infinitely looping cleaning game by Coda. He says ""This is the first game he actually called me up to show me."" At the beginning of the game, when Davey is telling us how he and Coda met and became 'friends'. He admits he was being a little pushy and over zealous with getting to know this guy. This is implying that every game shown to Davey was solicited, giving no reason for them to have to be playable or coherent in any way, if he was never planning on releasing them. It leads me to believe that Davey is being a little over dramatic with his diagnosis of Coda. It makes me wonder if they are actually friends, or is Davey just some guy that Coda met and asks him to see his games?Things get a little more intense as his games get more personal and self destructive. Even though by the end of the game we are exposed to the fact that Davey has some problems of his own (his constant need to be the hero of someone else to compensate for his own shortcomings), we can't ignore that some of Coda's games did touch some topics that made you question his emotional health.Whether this game was a true story, or elaborately staged, it was phenomenal and thought provoking. I'd recommend to anyone that doesn't mind interactive stories with not much physical involvement on your part."
,Not Recommended,303210,18286820,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gamer Girl,"Pretentious, wanky nonsense.If this was a free game, fair enough. The overall idea is fine and reasonably interesting, but the voiceover and execution means a fair bit of suspension of disbelief is required to ""buy-in"" to the ""story"".The entire thing lasts barely over an hour, and even being able to somewhat relate to some of the themes explored, the entire thing just came off as trite and even slightly cringeworthy.Get it when it's practically free in a Humble Bundle, I suppose. You know it's going to happen."
,Recommended,303210,18403694,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kiwi∆,"This game changed my perspective of myself and my life. Your experience really depends on your personality and your past...All I can say is that, while it is incredibly beautiful and emotional, your experience of the game is directly related to how uncomfortable it will make you feel. This game states what I have been trying to come up with an answer to my whole life.I cried for half an hour during the house cleaning scene...TL;DR- Magnificently uncomfortable. Something you MUST experience."
76561198020713059,Recommended,303210,18282088,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,jonmckellan,Not sure what I expected. Not sure what I got. 10/10.
,Recommended,303210,27402461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ｍ　Ａ　Ｘ　¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I think this is one of the few games that actually struck me at a really deep emotional level.It's hard to describe this game, and its best to experience it for yourself.I'm nominating this game for the ""I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"" award."
,Recommended,303210,32854878,Posted: 27 June,all,Sakuya Fantabulous Pigeon,"Just because you're correct, doesn't mean you're right.Also... I feel a bit horrible after playing it too. Not in the bad way, the game is great, but in a sad way, because I can relate to this so much.To all artists/authors/game developers/anything involving the creative industry, or perhaps you are friends with some of them... (ESPECIALLY if you are friends with some of them.)Please, play this game."
76561198006541362,Recommended,303210,19966744,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,stranger1982,"The Beginner's Guide starts as a story, narrated by the game creator Davey Wreden himself, about the games created by a fellow developer named Coda: this narrative slowly turns into an heartfelt tale about game development, society, dreams, creativity and what ultimately makes us who we are.What follows is a walking simulator that, thanks to a strong narrative and surreal level design, will easily capture your attention with its nice visuals while challenging you to reflect on the story you're listening to.PROS:-great art and gorgeous, surreal level design-extremely nice minimalistic soundtrack-great narrative backed by an excellent use of symbols and metaphors-I personally found it quite emotionally engaging, even downright moving at times-lots of food for thoughtCONS:-the value of the game is all in its message and narrative, if you don't care about them there's no gameplay to be found and the gorgeous vistas won't simply be enough-the narrative can sometimes feel a bit too direct or pretentious-quite short at 1,5 hourshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=584200002The Beginner's Guide was a truly emotional journey for me, what started as an interesting voyage inside a developer's mind slowly turned into a reflection over the creative process, over how being recognized and connecting with others can help or hinder our identity, over how willingness can at times be a dry spring and a multitude other things.Levels vary from interesting to awe-inspiring and the muted soundtrack helps create a truly surreal experience, one that helps making you feel as if you're traveling through not only someone's work but also their mind.The true strength of The Beginner's Guide is not the fact that it feels like a metaphor in motion, nor how well its story describes Wreden's train of thought though, but how said story and thoughts can be sometimes be a mirror in which we see ourselves.I consider The Beginner's Guide an essential purchase to be honest, but I can also easily see how this is a very divisive game: if you are ok with walking simulators, want a great, surreal narrative and desire food for thought then I urge you to experience it. And if you are in any way an artist and/ or familiar with the creative process I feel you'd absolutely experience this story as it'll surely touch you and make you think about what you do."
,Not Recommended,303210,22090474,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,wariowariowario,"TL;DR You're better off if you just watch a walkthrough of this game really.It is the same guy who made The Stanley Parable, how could this game be a disappointment?!...Well it actually is a bit disappointing, regardless of its creator.Now, there's literally almost NOTHING to talk about this game, because, for short, it is just a ""walking simulator"" as The Stanley Parable, but the main difference between this game and that one, is pretty much that little gameplay present in SP which is totally ABSENT in this game.The plot is actually pretty nice, but i'm not going to spoil anything because if you already know the plot of this game there's literally no reason for you to buy it in the first place; let's just say that you're a player who plays someone else's games, with a narrator in the background....And this is where the game falls off pretty quickly. Unlike SP, where you are given a story which you can shape and remodel as you make several choices, you're left here with a really linear storyline you can't interact at all with.This game is basically like this:""Here's the story, walk to the end and remember to solve a few puzzles while you're at it""This game is so OBSESSED with its unique and only story that you can actually explore a bit the surroundings of some maps, only to be told by the narrator itself that basically ""doing X won't take you to Y"" several times, as if it had been done just to mock off everyone who was waiting for a game akin to SP (!).So yeah, this is a BAD game with a GOOD plot, that fails where The Stanley Parable succeeded: creating a game whose main focus was the story while still retaining some bit of entertainment and/or extra stuff and such to make you actually WANT to play the game even with its lack of proper gameplay.In The Stanley Parable, you get to hear very hilarious humour as you make the story itself yours, familiarize with the only other character in the game and still find the usual morale at the end;In The Beginner's Guide, all you get is jogging time with an obnoxious narrator that actually laughs at your (pitiful) attempts at finding something to make the game more... gamey.And just for the record, one could think that comparing this game to The Stanley Parable might not be a good idea, but then again, this game would still be just a walking simulator with a story that either gets to you or bores you to death while you can't find anything else to entertain yourself with in there.5/10"
,Not Recommended,303210,23935721,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JMonty42,"I knew what this was going in (ie, not a traditional game). I knew it was short. I knew it was basically a narative. I did not like it. I get its message, it just didn't particularly resonate with me."
,Recommended,303210,18403525,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,kirbyintron,"I don't know what to say anymore. I expected to be able to write a funny review, but I feel like that would be in an insult to the game.Despite how fantastic this game is, Coda is probably not going to forgive you for sharing his games again with a price tag"
76561198154743978,Recommended,303210,22759851,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MrNoirShade52,''One Of The Most Powerful Experiences in a game i've ever had''.
,Recommended,303210,22599622,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Comrade Beaglsky,"For the first time writing a review, I feel utterly stumped with regards to what I should say about the product.It's deeply, intrinsically personal - despite purpotedly being a critique of another developers work. In its way it exposes some fundamental flaws of the creators character, and as someone who suffers from social anxiety, I find that the themes presented by the game are intensly relatable.I didn't find myself as affected as I was lead to believe I would be by various other reviews, but I can say that I found myself reflecting on traits of my own personality having finished it.Some might consider The Beginners Guide to be pretentious, or invasively heavy handed with the message it tries to get across - but I see it as a no-holds-barred insight into the thoughts of another.It's not a ""game"" in the traditional sense, but I can recommend it."
76561197983011932,Not Recommended,303210,18287337,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mattrex,"Having just completed Undertale--a thoughtful, emotional game that touched me deeply--when I read that The Beginner's Guide was a thoughtful, emotional game that touched people deeply, I made the mistake of assuming that it would be of a similar vein: that it would cause me to stop and think, to change or at least influence the way I thought about certain things, to give me new ways to relate to the world.The Beginner's Guide did not do this.To be clear, the price point of the game doesn't bother me, nor does the fact that it's essentially an hour-and-a-half narrative with minimal interaction. Putting together a project like this isn't free: it takes time and effort and talent and I have no particular animus about paying the price of a Big Mac Value Meal for something like this. And minimal interactivity that stretches the definition of the word ""game"" doesn't bother me, so long as I feel like I've gotten something important out of the exchange.The Beginner's Guide is a guided tour through the collected works of an independent game developer, Coda, narrated by one of his friends. The narrator, Davey Wreden, discusses at length his relationship with the developer and the games, and talks about how he wrestled with the meaning and significance of each of them individually and as part of a greater whole. He tries to make sense of Coda's mental state, his motivation for creating, and how his works relate to himself and the world at large. These ruminations make up the bulk of the material. This in itself is not bad, per se, but the reason that I cannot recommend this game is because the ruminations come with no payoff: it's a shaggy dog story with no conclusion and precious little food for thought.The only emotion that this game made me feel was mild anger and annoyance: by the end, it becomes clear that we are not listening to a story about how someone's games reveal the depth of their humanity, but instead a story about a passive-aggressive, petty, cruel, self-centered game developer and his emotionally fragile, self-loathing friend--though judging from the way that Coda treats Davey, ""friend"" is perhaps a debatable term. This game contains no heartening insights, offers no ""a-ha"" moment, does not leave one with hope for the future. It is two troubled people's dirty laundry aired in public, as emotionally deep as a pothole. I came away feeling contempt for Coda and embarrassment for Davey.Technically, there is nothing the matter with the game: the price is fine, it runs flawlessly, looks fine, sounds fine. The script is fine, the pacing is fine. But the story, such as it tells, instead of serving to uplift the human spirit, drags it through the mud and leaves one feeling unclean. Rather than embrace our shared humanity, all I wanted to do in the end was avert my eyes from the embarrassing spectacle."
,Not Recommended,303210,18296513,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,poochyena,"Honestly very disapointed in this game. It is literally just a story, nothing more at all. Definitely not worth more than $2.I was expecting something atleast somewhat like The Stanely Parable, but it was nothing like it at all. I kept waiting for the game to get good, but it never did.I really don't see how this can even be considered a game really. There are no real choices in the game. Watching someone on youtube play this will give you the same exact experience."
,Recommended,303210,29082580,Posted: 7 January,all,Sprite Guard,"I've never been so profoundly affected by a game before. It touched on ideas that are very close to my heart, and used layers of dramatic irony in a way that I've never really seen in game writing before. I burst into tears at one point, and I've found myself thinking about the game for a long time after I stopped playing, turning its ideas over in my head."
,Recommended,303210,21017234,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:Can not be ranked.Recommendation(s):Seriously ask yourself, are you ready for this?Major Theme:Intangible, only humanly possible thoughts.Bought at Price:Steam saleThis isn’t something I thought I’d end up “playing” so soon, let alone write a review about. It isn’t a game. Games are closely linked to game theory. Someone looses, someone gains. Can we all gain? Sure, but it really hasn’t asked or answered, what if there was only yourself to play the game with?This “game”, rather title, or art work, is not worth it. It’s not worth the $20 or the $10 or whatever it is currently listed at. Being a one in a life time experience, there’s no price tag to be placed on it.Sure, someone, or a group of people had to come together, piece all the parts together, and that work should justify being paid. But pause for a second; is everything able to be placed under the cover of “monetary value”? Are personal experiences able to be placed under that very same cover? Is that a thing only humans are able to do? Distance and distinguish from “want”, “need”, and a completely different category that you can’t label?I didn’t want to play this “game”. I’ll be honest. It was cheap because of a sale, it had some relation to the Stanley Parable, and it runs under the Source Engine. So it ticked all the right boxes, but I didn’t really “need” to “play” this “game”. I didn’t really “want” to “play” it either. It just so happened that I looked at in my list of games, and thought “hey, let’s play this game. I need to kill some time anyways”. Little did I know that I’d probably spend the rest of my life tinkering about with its ideas.I wouldn’t be inclined to mention this “game” to others. Heck, even if I did, I couldn’t be in the same room as them. This is an experience you have to see for yourself and by yourself only. You might have looked at the “gameplay” on YouTube to see if paying money for this game is worth it. Simply put, you should come to your own conclusions while “playing” this title. In the next few sentences, I would usually be inclined to talk about the key ideas of the title or game. With this, I couldn’t. It would wreck it. Gameplay is not even a word I’d see myself using in this review.That being said, you should probably talk to a psychiatrist before and/or after “playing” this “game”. If you would be unable to distance yourself enough, I think it could damage you. This title is dark, really dark. I am being quite serious. This is not a joke, or a pun on my name. You should prepare yourself, or know that you would be able to distance yourself from what you will see, and hear from the narrator.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618152270http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618152646While I’d recommend that any person could play Stanley’s Parable, you have to be a select few to “play” this title.In the Stanley Parable, you could walk around, “play” and be done. You would completely miss the whole meaning of the game, the actual content to the game and still be ok.(hint: it's about a view on modern games).Sure, what you see on the screen is a game, or something worth paying money for, but that is not why you should be there. There would be a lot of things I’d place in this review (like my many other popular ones), but I simply can’t. It just wouldn’t do the title justice. Perhaps you have finally picked up on that point. You shouldn’t be reading the reviews, just go ahead and try it.What you will leave with after tinkering about in this title are the many questions left unanswered. One being, is the author of this title actually “Coda”, the person who makes the parts in the game? Why did it take this long to package this all together? Where is “Coda” now? What’s with the three dots? And… I should probably stop there. There’s a lot I’d be willing to talk about, but not before you sit down and “play” the “game” by yourself.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=618129499I will leave this review with this question: What does self actualization even mean, and what is it worth?"
,Recommended,303210,18333069,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lambchop,"I think what makes this game stand out to me, as a player, is that I would occasionally have the same urges as the narrator. Where he would accelerate your movement, construct bridges, and remove walls to further each game's completion, I would often find myself deliberately fighting his suggestions (for instance, walking slowly when he's offered to speed it up.) He's polluting the ""games"" with his thirst for completion and meaning (with complementary witty, dry, and often misguided commentary,) and I'm trying to break it in my own way. This fact really helps the game hit-home at the end.tl;drLots of meta-analysis and very intimate game. Makes you ponder."
,Recommended,303210,18451135,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,CyN1c,"This game... this game is really just something else.Before I start, the less you know about it. the better so go out and buy this, I'm sure 10$ won't make you broke. Just finished this work of art. But starting off, a story driven master piece, nothing less. The emersion and feel of this game really brings you in and drives you to another level. I'd say, find 2-4 hours of time where no one can bother you, where you're in just absolute focus and sit down and enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Honestly, I can play this game, over and over because it really just takes you in and it means something, not just some other walking simulator and some tacky story. No, this is what a true author and poet would write. I'd consider this to be an epic, no less. So sit down, grab your headphones and enjoy the beauty and ride this gives you. Honestly, this is what a story should be. This is what you should feel everytime you see a book or read a movie.Conclusion: Play this game or your life has no reason but existance, and that's honestly not good enough."
,Recommended,303210,18422692,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Crairos,"This game is beyond unbelievable. Davey Wreden pushes the limits of interactive art with this incredible game. As cave paintings evolved into  the Mona Lisa, so are video games becoming more and more passionate, complex, and beautiful, and this game is absolutely at the forefront of that trend. If you haven't played it, then do. Enough said."
,Not Recommended,303210,23767037,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hemmels,"One of those if you have an hour or 2 free, go for it. Presented well enough with you and the narrator going through it together. It's just an interractive story exploring themes about anxiety or general acceptance fears. Might be worth one or 2 quid if you're into that sort of thing.Not for me at the asking price though. No need to explore or play twice, there's literally nothing else. maybe a metaphor in itself, but probably not."
76561198047694546,Recommended,303210,31592992,Posted: 6 May,all,buki1997,"When I first started playing this game I thought to myself; I cannot believe that I spent money on this I should have bought a different game instead, I hate this game.  It seemed to be pretentious like it was trying to hard to have meaning it acutally did not have.  I actually had to pause playing it for a little while and while I was not playing it I debated if I was even going to finish it or not.  I figured I had already spent money on it, I had a little bit of time to kill, so why not?. . . This game was one of the most meaningful, beautiful games I have ever played.  The story that it tells is compelling and I saw a lot of myself in it.  I even cried at the end.  At one point of the game I was so immersed I paused when I got to one of the rooms, I couldn't press ""w"" for a few seconds as the room caught me off gaurd.So, yes, The Beginner's Guide is well worth the price and I would highly recommend playing it.  It explores a lot of the insecurities that a lot of us have in a beautiful narrative.  I can't guarantee that it will affect you the same way it did me but I would highly suggest at least checking it out."
,Not Recommended,303210,18286632,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Drethelin,"Interesting but fundamentally unfulfilling. If that was the point, well, good job, Davey. It's possible, as some of the early parts of the game ""hint"" that there is much more than meets the eye to this game, but if there is it's too well hidden for me to care about finding it."
76561197967653417,Not Recommended,303210,22327135,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RaNd0m,"I have mixed opinions of this game in that I think it might be good and maybe essential for some people but it definitely was not good for me.In my humble opinion this game might be good for adolescents and people in their early 20s, at least it might have been somewhat enlightening and/or meaningful to me when I was that age.Unfortunately the conclusions were similar to what I had been thinking for almost the entire game, this made my gaming experience very frustrating without payoff.For me the story was megalomaniacal and narcissistic rubbish that came from what one might imagine is a pretentious maladjusted hipster who has serious antisocial personality disorders.The game is not without its merits as it uses a relatively untapped form of narrative to deliver it's unorthodox content which culminates in a very different gaming experience.I give it 5 out of 10Despite my misgivings I like having new and diferent experiences so I am happy that I played this game.I am happy to support this developer."
76561198051139261,Recommended,303210,30927466,Posted: 3 April,all,codleusc,"This game is, without a doubt, one of the most thought provoking games I have ever had the fortune to play. It really brings to light the fact that just because you may know someone, you can never actually -know- them. It is short and beautiful, and will leave you feeling just, well... sad."
,Not Recommended,303210,18378940,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BattleCat,"This is a tough one...As an aspiring game developer (and artist) this piqued my interest. However, to someone who hadn't had a similar experience, and/or empathy for the narrator (Davey) I'm not sure it would have any appeal. I didn't hate the game and I didn't love it, but there was something interesting about it.Lots of people love to judge games on a time vs dollars ratio and this game is without a doubt a short one at ~1.5 hours but that doesn't bother me. There's more to a game than how long you play it.It's tricky to recommend this game because it's such a niche experience. Most people aren't going to be open to a game that's less about gameplay and more about delivering a monologue. In a yes/no system of voting, I'd have to say no, I can't recommend TBG."
,Recommended,303210,32934815,Posted: 28 June,all,Kafei,"Amazing, please don't play this"
,Recommended,303210,22807930,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,jfk,"[All of the following is my opinion.]I absolutely adore The Beginner's Guide. Truthfully this is one of the most valuable experiences you will find for sale on Steam. Make no mistake, this is not a game (at least in the conventional sence of the label), but it perhaps surpasses that standard.If you buy this game, keep an open mind, and realise that perhaps you won't enjoy it in the way you're used to enjoying games. But if you have any doubts as to whether you want to buy a walking simulator (which this most certainly is not), then you should reconsider either your choice to play this or your definition of worth the price.Personally, I believe that The Beginner's Guide is one of the best things you could spend $10 USD - heck, just ignore the price. If you truly are after a rare experience, an indescribable notion, an emotional meteor shower, or even just food for thought, then I recommend this for you. However, if you're after just another game to enjoy and to consume, highly acclaimed or otherwise, then maybe this isn't for you, and just maybe you should go rethink your values."
,Not Recommended,303210,21668173,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zormal,"The beginner's guide depicts itself as an interactive documentary of a single indie developer's game snippets, and consequently falls apart. It's supposed to be an exploration in human nature, but its symbolism is inflated and the contrived story doesn't pull together.Do yourself a favor and play Stanley Parable again. It, unlike this game, is a work of art."
76561198119132000,Recommended,303210,35006070,Posted: 16 September,all,silenceisred,"The realism of the story makes me believe that someone on the team creating this game has in some way been on one side of this story. Or at least has seen/known people who have had similar experiences. Either way, I felt a connection and I think that in of itself was incredible."
,Recommended,303210,18280344,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"I'm never going to play this game again. Not because it's a bad game, it's one of the most well thought out, incredible games I've ever played. I'm never going to play it again because it's so emotional.It's a game everyone should play before they die, but you'll only ever need to play it once."
76561197976990391,Not Recommended,303210,18296121,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ferawyn,"It teases a lot, but the actual traversable parts are limited. Even though I'm dealing with depression myself, the story did not grab me or felt relevant. I often just sat clicking/tapping waiting for something to happen. The final twist puzzle could be seen coming from a mile away.After the stanley parable, this just feels very much meh..."
,Recommended,303210,23189650,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Snappyg,"A game where you begin to understand others. A game where you understand you don't understand others. In a modern day and age in which video games give you a task or tell you to kill something, this game doesn't. We as human things cannot and will not understand the real idea of a goal. For some, it's completeing a task, for others it's creating a task in which it cannot be completed. No review or lets player could ever experience this game for you. This game is an insite of the mind, it really explains the thought of The Stanley Parable. It gives a bigger meaning to Davey Wreden's The Stanley Parable, when you play the game you will understand the idea of never completing Davey's other game..."
,Not Recommended,303210,23936440,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ruffle607-BestRhymes2017,"Started off intriguing, but rapidly became boring. I'm glad it's a cheap game, but I won't be playing it multiple times like Stanley Parable. I just didn't find it to be fun. It's like a movie that won an Oscar for artistic presentation, but the common person just doesn't enjoy."
,Recommended,303210,18569196,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,S.R.R.MonsterDavid. [⇄],"I cant say anything bad about this game, its just purely amazing!11/10 ""Would Play Coda's Games Again!"" -MonsterDavid, 2015"
76561198116873769,Not Recommended,303210,18362942,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,XIIV OMEGA VIIX,"This is not a game. It is an experience, and if you like that kind of stuff than this is for you. If you're looking for something to play or even laugh at this is not for you."
,Recommended,303210,18577687,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Flamov,"Haven't felt such satisfaction with a game in a very long time. It's left me thinking about it constantly, all day, every day since I finished it; and it's a lovely, rare thing to feel. It's difficult to say much about it specifically without spoiling it, since it's such a delicately and intricately crafted game. But understanding the reasons why it's difficult not to spoil is so satisfying at the end should be enough to pick it up and play! Brilliant, fantastic game."
76561198159250067,Not Recommended,303210,22362653,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ih8everything,"I don't know why, but it just felt like a waste of money. It felt short and pointless. I felt sorry for Coda not Davie. Leave that guy alone, bro."
,Recommended,303210,18378542,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Everything Unlimited LtdPublishers:Everything Unlimited LtdInitial release:Oct 2015Genre:Walking Simulator#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationAn exercise in futility regarding the existential crises of humanity and ones deeply personal want for purpose within a given system.At first I wanted to ignore this game until I saw Ken Levine and Peter Molyneux speaking to each other over twitter about it. Two of my favorite game developers.I wish there were an option for giving this a sideways thumb as I can't easily recommend my experience with this game and it is a game. I'm not about to have that argument. But its.. lacking. I feel personally, that these things have been said before.Now, is this game art? Are games art? I don't care, I'm not here to tell you that. What I can tell you is that this is an interactive guide though some builds of games that “coda” made while a narrator explains what the build is, what it was and what his own interpretations of why design choice “X” was made over design choice “Y”Its hard to explain; and despite what you've likely heard. While it does not make sense on its face, around the 1 hour mark I felt I had an understanding of what the narrator was trying to convey. At least, to my satisfaction. In short, being creative... as well as existing derives its meaning from those who give it meaning. There is no external force pushing you forward, there is only you and your decisions living in the now, the present.Why is that there? Ask 10 different people and its likely you'll get 10 different responses.Its a reflection piece summed up best in a quote from BioShock 2 (which I know Ken Levine had nothing if very little to do with BioShock 2 forgive me) made by the character Eleanor Lamb“Love is just a chemical, we give it meaning by choice”Follow my curation for more"
,Not Recommended,303210,22311730,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,emptor12,"Not sure what others got out of it, but what I took away could have been better said in a one paragraph tumblr post and I think this game's author is a good enough writer to have done that and save me the cost of the game."
,Recommended,303210,20245858,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bipolar Polar Bear,"The last time I was deep in thought after playing was Spec Ops: The Line and Life is Strange,and then I found this.."
76561198058511713,Recommended,303210,19752861,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kiterkate,i thought this was going to be like the stanley parable. i was wrong
,Recommended,303210,33437534,Posted: 10 July,all,Yemek Yiyen Sincap,Deep as my browser history.10/10
76561197997239395,Recommended,303210,33410197,Posted: 9 July,all,[Ψϕ] TheBeautifulVoid,"Some people have argued that The Beginner's Guide is not a game since the player cannot lose. They are mistaken: I tried to understand The Beginner's Guide, and thereby lost at it.Other people have argued that The Beginner's Guide is not a game since it is single-player only. They, too, are mistaken: The Beginner's Guide is a two-player game, in which Davey Wreden (playing in 2015) defeated me (playing in 2017.)This is clearly a game. It is also a commentary upon games (including itself), a commentary upon game designers (including Wreden himself) and upon people who play games (including me.)If you think this game wasn't made for people like you, let me assure you that you're mistaken. If you think this game was made for people like you, let me assure you that you're right, but not in the way that you think you are.Play it."
,Not Recommended,303210,19652860,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Perkins,"The beginner's guide is quick and linear journey about the length of a short documentary, spanning a little more than 17 different experimental source engine maps. The content attempts to be thought-provoking, and i guess it achieves that well enough. My main issue with this game, is that i payed $7.99 expecting something on par with the Stanley Parable, instead i got something about 4 hours shorter, and with much simpler content. The game, if you can call it one, isn't actually bad, its actually fairly interesting. However it's not worth $7.99 to me, let alone $9.99. i only recommend getting it if it's $3 or less, or just torrent it, experience it, and uninstall it"
76561198171787094,Not Recommended,303210,21515325,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,stephkpoole,"Only positive thing I can say is thank God it was a short ""game""."
,Not Recommended,303210,21150273,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Randy Marsh [OpenSUSE TW],"I was expecting so much more from this game and it almost pains me to leave a negative review because I sort of feel sad that I'm doing so as well as requesting a refund.It almost felt like I paid $6.50 USD for a ""walking-simulator"" whilst the narrator talks about a time in his life about him and someone known as ""Coda"" who is either a version of himself or another individual. It's quite a sad story, but it does get kinda boring and it almost felt like it was shrouded with pseudo-intellectual talk that isn't worth the $6.50. If you're thinking of buying this game, all you do is walk around in unfinished levels while the narrator talks about his feelings and thoughts about Coda and his game development. Each ""game"" is merely just a different level that either makes no sense, requires cheats to pass obstacles or is a metaphor for some emotion.However, I just couldn't get immersed in it. I do sympathise with the narrator, which is exactly why I feel bad about requesting a refund and  giving this a negative review, but that doesn't mean I hated this game at all. In fact, I think buying it did give a positive outcome in some ways, it was insightful - at times. But I didn't find it worth my time.Although that could be because I've already passed a point in my life where these thoughts and emotions are unnecessary, or that I have different problems and emotional struggles that require more work rather than what the narrator is suggesting.You may like this game and be able to learn a lot from it. I couldn't (for a number reasons) which is why I'm leaving this review, as well as the price of the game (as a low-income earner) leaving me expecting more as I didn't gain much joy or experience from 2 hours of walking.At least some people will find something of value in this story/experience. And another positive is some of the levels look beautiful like the house and the big stairs made me feel comfortable."
,Recommended,303210,34341757,Posted: 18 August,all,BreadBred,"this is how you make walking sims good.not only, in my opinion, is it a tear jerking story of a friendship squandered, but also a deep examination into the mind of the creators friend.weither this story be made up or real, buy this game and feel the story, dont let this one get away from you.but get it on sale."
,Recommended,303210,30670044,Posted: 22 March,all,Emperor Panda,"It's more than just a game, it's an artwork.8.5/10 - I wish it were longer."
76561198241737528,Recommended,303210,22951731,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,you will never find happiness,This game made me sad.
,Recommended,303210,18668854,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ingamous,It's a powerful game.   I'd avoid reading any reviews before you play it.
76561198032549549,Not Recommended,303210,18284865,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,fab1973,"Not a game, more of an ego trip"
76561197998005878,Not Recommended,303210,31404744,Posted: 27 April,all,:       -´),"I truly love philosophically-driven games. Stanley Parable was a masterpiece that I really enjoyed. Nevertheless I don't feel connected to either of the two (whether they are fictional or not) characters in this game. I'm starting to think that it is meant for game developers only and having played it through I think it's meant for the developer himself. I had to buy this game after I've read all the positive reviews/emotional outbreaks and I really tried to fully perceive what this game tries to tell, but it just didn't had any sort of impact on me. Maybe I'm too stupid, although I'm pretty sure that the story just doesn't affect me that much.If you like surrealistic art that can be interpreted into any direction then you might like this game. To me unfortunately it was waste of money."
,Recommended,303210,18459628,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,DinHerio,S'good.Can't say anything of importance without spoiling the whole point of the game.
,Not Recommended,303210,18379415,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,i am a meme,"I wasted 1.5 hours of my life on this game.Like The Stanley's Parable, this ""game"" is a narrative. It is designed to make you think about yourself and, for lack of a better phrase, the human condition. What made the Stanley's Parable great was a combination of factors. First off, a great narrator and dialogue. It kept you interested in the game, and the humor he offered kept you engaged during those long, empty hallways you went through. It made you forget about the boring parts of the game like that. Secondly, the options. When you chose a path, you chose it, and when you would ultimately learn what that told you about yourself, it made sense, because YOU chose it.Now to this mess. It is completely linear. Not inherently a bad thing. You follow the narrative of the creator, also the narrator, a very uninteresting man (I think the goal was for it to be more relatable that way), through his friend's games. The problem is, with all of this, through the 90 minutes you play it, you play through EXTREMELY uninteresting landscapes, with nothing but the narrator's boring, dreary voice the whole time. The whole game I was just thinking, ""Okay I'll make it through this part THEN it will be interesting."" It never did.I made it to the end of the game. But WAIT! It could be worth it if the message is just strong enough! It could tie it all together! No. Literally, (without spoiling anything), it does not share a message, but rather just tells you everything you saw in the game was wrong just for the sake of putting a spin, and then it's over. Nothing learned. Nothing gained. I just played through the game for a twist at the end so I can say, ""MAN I DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING BECAUSE IT WOULD BE COMPLETELY UNINTERESTING AND CONTRIBUTE NOTHING TO MY LIFE.""In the end, the message I took from the game was ""Don't judge a book by it's cover. Or it's contents. It's all wrong. Ask the author what it really means."" Obviously someone's work would convey something about them or the meaning, but this tells you to do the opposite and just, not think.I'm really disapointed in this game. I really wanted it to be great. But it wasn't."
,Not Recommended,303210,20569387,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ronnie Filyaw,"Offers some good insight into both the author's mind and the feelings the player can insert into games sometimes. That said, it's not worth paying for, at least not at full price. Get it on sale  if you really want to play it or don't get it at all and just watch a playthrough, you're not missing anything."
,Recommended,303210,34210705,Posted: 13 August,all,Weeddrunken,"7.5/10""Something totally different.""Fromoneperspective this isn't a game, fromallperspectives it is.There are no pros or cons to this game, like in all my other reviews - except either you belong to the audience or you don't.Pros:+ you belong to the audience & enjoyed it.Cons:- you don't belong to the audience & hated it.Verdict:It's an experience, either you like it or you don't, but it sticks to your head."
,Not Recommended,303210,22619164,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Pessimistic Page,"After coming hot off the heels of The Stanley Parable, I was very excited to try this game out.  Unfortunately, it seems that my expectations for the game overhyped me and gave me a very different idea of what this game is really about.This game is a story.  It's not really a game in any traditional sense. It's an aparently true story about the developer of the game and his friend, and the relationship they had, and the games that they made.  When I say this isn't really a game, I mean that the only real mechanics of the game are walking around and hitting button promps every now and then.  While you do these things, the game's narration plays in the background and adapts to your actions.  Some of the 'levels' of the game are actually pretty intresting, and I have to admit, the ending of the game got me.  However, this game can be completed in like 2 hours with very little replay value.  It's more like a library of levels, or like reading through the letters of two pen pals.I would recomend this game only if the premise of this game interests you and if it's on sale.  I would say this is a better game then other walking simulators like Dear Esther, but not an amazing game overall.  I don't regret buying it, but this game is not what I expected and not really advertised well (to be fair it would be very hard to advertise a game like this).  Honestly as I'm writing this review I think I'm convincing myself more and more that I enjoyed the game, but I'm sticking to my inital impressions."
,Recommended,303210,19487433,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hackwode,"I would argue that ""The Beginner's Guide"" is an improvement on the introspective of ""The Stanley Parable"". It was an enjoyable, harrowing, sorrowful journey through someone else's mind, and it brought with it all the narrative twists and turns I've come to expect from the writer.Even though you're expecting the ride, it still takes you and holds you in this emotional grasp.Thanks, Davey. Know you are a good human."
76561198052694106,Not Recommended,303210,22427034,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Missy Deadpool,"After playing the Stanley Parable (which I loved!), I was very excited to pick this game up.To say I was dissappointed is an understatement.I know a lot of people praise this game, but in my opinion, it just doesn't qualify as ""game"". Simulation, maybe. In games, you can do things. Make decissions, for example. In this ""game"" however, all you can do is walk along the path laid out before you and do what you are told to while listening to the narrator, who is trying to deliver a message while you walk. That message doesn't feel ""delivered"", but forced onto you. A lot of people wrote about this game touching them and speaking to them because they have depression and what not - yeah, so do I, pittily, but still this game is nothing but boring to me.Spoiler alert:Not to mention that the whole ""look at the depression and anxiety""-theme turns out to not actually be the message that the developer wanted to deliver, so to all those people who dug into that - sorry, but please replay the last chapter.Since every walkthrough is exactly like the last, the replay-value ist exactly zero.Sorry, but I consider the money I payed for this wasted."
76561198083869808,Not Recommended,303210,23908623,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ipsees,"I love these types of games that hint at some deeper meaning as an ""experience"" and folks are all ""you either get it or you don't"" well I could see how it was going to end as all the threads fell in to place but I've hit not recommend because I had to force myself to finish it. They also say ""you'll be thinking about this game for days to come!"" Right now I couldn't give a monkey's hairy ----.I don't think this is meant to be a game nor is it meant to be entirely enjoyable either. Felt like you were inside someone's Youtube 360 vid while they are making it and talking to you.  It's very different and unique yet same old and simply boring. I could see how it could resonate with some people and how it's a pile of tripe to others."
,Recommended,303210,33296930,Posted: 5 July,all,jpc1918 ---{TIL}---,"It's short but it's one hell of an experience...I'm however never going to touch this game again, it's not the introspection i fear it just...I...I walked away a guilt ridden even more broken mess. Trying to ignore it for my own sakeThis is probably one game that's going to stick with you for life, hell i even feel guilty recommending this"
,Recommended,303210,22071173,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bassem,"Do you like movies that spur endless internet discussions about their meaning? Then this game is for you.(Please note the game wouldn't launch for me. I had to check the Steam forums and add launch parametres-novid -window -noborderto get it running.)Let me start with the bottom line.Is this game suitable for me?Don't expect anything like The Stanley Parable, it's nothing like it.This game isn't meant to be fun or enjoyable, it's rather supposed to make you think and feel. I'll let you decide if that's for you.In terms of gameplay, this is very much a walking simulator. As the Steam store description says, it has no play mechanics, no goals or objectives. It is basically a guided tour. You walk around, look and listen, and click on stuff.90-120 minutes gameplay, and no replay value.It touches on themes of creativity, friendship, depression, anxiety, obsession, dependency, and projection. If it clicks with you, it will keep you thinking for a long time. It will remind you of people you know, maybe yourself. Remind you of situations you've lived.I said earlier that it's nothing like The Stanley Parable. But inevitably, people will compare the two. They both are ""games about games"" and they both feature walking around listening to narration. And in a way, the two are related. You can't help it - the same person is behind both.The fiction of The Beginner's Guide (TBG) is that it's a guided tour by the developer, Davey Wreden. ""Davey"" (I use the quotes to denote the in-game Davey Wreden) narrates directly to us, the players, as he takes us through a compilation of small games made by a friend of his nicknamed ""Coda"". ""Davey"" says he compiled and released these games, in the form of TBG, in order to encourage Coda to start making games again after he stopped, and to help him out of a depression.""Davey"" clearly admires Coda's work, pointing out all sorts of ideas, patterns and themes in Coda's games, and wondering at the thoughts and feelings that gave birth to them.Through the tour, we get to know Coda and ""Davey"" better.It's difficult to say much more about TBG without spoiling anything. What I've written above will have to be enough for you to decide if you want it.Now I'll continue with my opinions on the game with major, complete spoilers.SPOILERS FOLLOW.No, seriously, there's major spoilers after this. If you're at all interested in TBG, don't read any further.Are you sure?Okay, I'll continue now.Really, really sure? No going back after this. I just want to be certain you know what you're getting yourself into.Alright, here we go.TBG really is about The Stanley Parable. Rather, it's about Davey Wreden's conflicted feelings after the huge success of TSP. On the one hand he felt a sort of disconnection from his creation because it was in the hands of so many people who saw their own meanings in it, and on the other hand he craved every bit of admiration that came his way. ""Coda"" and TBG's version of ""Davey"" are two sides of the real-life Davey Wreden, and TBG's ""Davey"" is also an avatar of the masses.Wreden details his post-TSP feelings in this blog post:http://www.galactic-cafe.com/2014/02/game-of-the-year/But what I also liked about TBG is that it also has a much broader interpretation. Several in fact.""Davey"" fawns over Coda's games and finds all kinds of meaningful, intellectual, emotional themes in his works. But they're really nothing but a bunch of unoriginal, unfinished games. ""Davey"" projects his own anxieties and depression onto Coda, becoming dependent. This shows between the lines in his narration, and then is practically blared at us by the end. One of the game's poor points - Wreden abandons all subtlety and spoonfeeds us at the end of the game.So it's about overanalytical fans who see meaning that is not there, and ascribe their own emotions to an artist's work. ""Stop putting lampposts in my games"" was the most chilling line in the game.TBG is also about perspective in relationships. This is apparent in The Tower chapter, where Coda addresses ""Davey"" directly, making it clear that he does not consider him a friend, that ""Davey"" makes him physically ill, and that ""Davey"" seems to think this is all about himself. This comes as a shock because ""Davey"" makes it seem like he and Coda are good friends, throughout the games.On top of that, TBG is about how we sometimes go about helping people in all the wrong ways, because we make assumptions and act selfishly while thinking we are being altruistic. It's about how we put emotional lampposts in peoples' lives.TBG may be heavy-handed, but I feel that's a result of the weight of Wreden's frustration that he felt compelled to portray and lay bare.And in a contradiction to itself, TBG will make you assign your own meaning to it. It's inevitable.Yeah, I'd say I recommend this. It's food for thought, and it's an admirable portrait of a creator."
76561198040855634,Recommended,303210,20380090,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,el Tron,"I absolutely loved this.Can't say too much about it, as I think even a premise of what ""happens"" would be spoiler-ish, but if a first-person journey into the troubled mind of a game developer manifested via a series of short narrated ""video games"" sounds like something that would interest you, absolutely check this out.It's difficult for me to say something to the effect of ""OMG go out and buy this immediately"" simply because I know that The Beginner's Guide isn't something that everyone will enjoy. It's less of a ""game"" than even something like Gone Home or Dear Esther. But like those games, it uses the medium of video games to tell a story in a way that is infinitely more effective than it would be in any other medium. And The Beginner's Guide's story is as effective as they come. I hope to see more things like this in the future.If you even think that you would possibly enjoy this, you probably will. I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,303210,23866591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TreasureGhost,The press needs to shut up sometimes...
76561198097155117,Not Recommended,303210,18391544,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ornch,"I didn't really like this game, I didn't like the narrator, he managed to make the whole thing about himself and that's just unattractive. I really had no idea what it was going into it, but I was at least expecting a game. This isn't a game, this is an hour long video that you walk through and listen to someone talk the whole time. I seriously regret buying this like I just spent 9 dollars to listen to a guy complain for an hour and a half. 3/10 because I liked the song at the end."
,Recommended,303210,30609601,Posted: 19 March,all,thentity,"I can't play this game without crying 😭. But I love it, great and powerful work."
,Recommended,303210,18383868,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,castorquinn,Just the right number of lamposts.
,Recommended,303210,21415091,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Vic,"Easily one of the most intriguing, subversive and intelligently constructed games ever, The Beginner's Guide is an absolute masterpiece and definitely worth playing. Dub it a walking simulator if you must, but it is a damn good one."
,Recommended,303210,20104549,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Orange Enigma,"It is one of a kind. I came into it knowing nothing about it other than it was by a co-creator of The Stanley Parable and let me say, it shocked me. It is one of the better walking sims out there. A lovely story, a lovely game. Pick it up, buy it. If you haven't watched any of it, that is the best way to experience it."
76561198024946398,Not Recommended,303210,20789965,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,haderach,"The definition of a pretentious video game.While I liked the Stanley Parable, this ""experience"" had me rolling my eyes by the end.The themes of creativity, friendship and fame it leans on are fine if you are fifteen but felt like navel gazing compared to conflicts other games explore."
,Recommended,303210,19913980,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,hawthorne007,"Did I play the game, or did the game play me...An absolute 10/10 game for me. If you're the type of person that likes games that make you FEEL, then this game is essential for your library. It may only be 1.5 - 2 hours long, but it was an INCREDIBLE 2 hour experience. If you're thinking about buying it, buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,22349746,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,chainreaction,"This project seems to explore the ideas behind exploring ideas. I think. But at its core, The Beginner's Guide is a story. A thought provoking story. The narrative is nothing short of amazing. I really don't know what to say. Completely recommended to anyone interested in creation and a story about the mindset of a creator. Not just videogame creation, really. I can see it being relatable for a lot of different reasons. I think. Well, I can assure you that it means something. I don't really want to go into what it means, though. Best if you go into it completely blind. I think Wreden and whoever else would want you to find some answers for yourself. And lampposts.EDIT: This is one of the best experiences I've had in a long while. Again, don't even watch the trailer. Just play it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,23096039,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Pancaked_Src,GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING GO BUY THIS GAME WITH OUT YOU KNOWING ANYTHING
,Recommended,303210,18282453,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Normally when I write reviews, I'd make it long. But all you need to know is this: This game is fantastic, unique and a must play. Don't read long reviews, watch the trailer, look at screenshots, anything. Just play it.You won't regret it."
76561198030271729,Not Recommended,303210,18288877,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MrsXIV,"After playing The Stanley Parable, I was really looking forward to playing this game. Unfortunately I am kind of disappointed by it. I was prepared that it probably would be a little weird at times like TSP, but after playing the game I was left with this feeling like 'that was it?!?' 'really, that was it??!??'. I have been walking around in this game, hoping it would eventually lead to something, or the game would start right after this very long introduction, but no. So, curious to know if I was the only one out here with this feeling, I started reading some reviews and comments, everyone seemed to praise this game. It apparently made most people emotional, reflecting on their lives and so on.. But a fair number of people also experienced this game same way I did, glad it's not just me. So it's hard to say if I would recommend this game to anyone simply because there's no way of telling if you'll like it before you play it. It seems to me you have to experience the entire game to see if it does something for you personally. I checked 'No' because of my own experience and because I think he should release it for less money, like a symbolic 1 euro/dollar/pound/.. I know this sounds really cheap, but yeah I do think I paid too much for this. But as for now, I'll just let it all sink in for a while, maybe play it again someday, maybe not."
,Not Recommended,303210,33205537,Posted: 3 July,all,Limbo,"Kind of wish Steam had a neutral option but having played this through, I'm afraid I would not recommend it to my past self.To start, advertising that can feel misleading:  Attaching the Stanley Parable name to this game just fools people into thinking there are choices, or maybe even a bit of humour or wallbreaking.The Beginner's Guide is the opposite.  It's you, a narrator and a selection of one-way corridors.The trailer in the store page makes it seem that as a player I would start this game and be presented with multiple snippets of games to play in any order and piece together an understanding of the creator through them to interpret as I like.In actuality the narrator picks which games (or rather short corridors) you go through and forces an idea of the creator on to you.  Think of it like an English teacher at school who overanalyses a book to the nth degree putting meanings that never existed to add a depth that just isn't there.While this forced viewpoint is given a twist at the end, the suspension of disbelief required to believe this story was simply too high to me.I can see where people would enjoy such an experience but I would prefer a bit more clarity in showing people what they are getting into first."
76561198085780016,Recommended,303210,29747595,Posted: 6 February,all,NdNd,"My total playtime on this game is 1.6hrs and the game finished. It is a very short game with only 1 ending (unlike stanley parable).Actually you cant call this a game because it doesn't fit into the description of traditional game. its like watching a documentary or readings ones letter but not deffinitaly playing a game.If you want to have fun dont play this game. This game is depressing. This game gives you chills. This game makes you sad at the end which it aims.Nevertheless despite being short and not being ""fun"" in my opinion this game deserves my money and my time spent on it to the last bit of it."
,Recommended,303210,32749503,Posted: 24 June,all,[FDG]Banyon,"This ""game"" was very deep and emotionally moving. The story line about how frail the human mind is and the dark emotions that can be experienced. It touches you in a very personal, but confusing way."
,Recommended,303210,20296415,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,shrimpah,"Uhm.Why are there tears over me?Help.10/10 would question my life again.Jokes aside, this game... this is not a game. It's an experience. You could say this ""game"" changed the way I looked at other people, and it's definitely in a positive way.Buy. Play. Cry.This game is still awesome."
76561198010756421,Recommended,303210,18289622,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Buuwelka,"Well, this is akward. I loved it. Though i don't know if I would recommend it. Don't expect anything from this game and you will enjoy it, that is my best advice.If you are interested in the process of creating games and experiences, definitly buy it. If not, be aware that this is a short but unique experience that will make you see the world differently, and most importantly see yourself differently.On the over hand it is very intrusive, that can lead to real discomfort, it is really emotional and personnal."
,Recommended,303210,20738724,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Buttonbasher,"The Beginner's Guide was surprisingly personally affecting to me, as someone who has struggled with their creative work. Everyone should play this. Don't look up stuff about it, just go in blind. It's really well done."
76561197971697158,Not Recommended,303210,18343867,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Milquetoast,"This is less of a ""game"" and more of a piece of art.  However, I wouldn't really consider it a deep piece of art.It touches on the creative process, fanboyism and psychology, but doesn't delve quite deep enough to be truly thought provoking (for me).It is somewhat interesting, but I wouldn't say it's REALLY enjoyable.I don't recommend this game not because I hate it or anything like that, but rather because don't think this will be for everyone."
,Recommended,303210,18556534,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kaffeebohnson,"The only thing I knew about The Beginner's Guide was that it was made by the guy who made The Stanley Parable. I expected to be surprised, and it delivered. The less you know about this, the better.If you like interactive fiction, this will be a treat."
,Recommended,303210,19985230,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ALT-F-X,"While playing this game I wanted to write a review. I wanted you to know how this game spoke to me like no other game has ever done. I wanted to talk to you about my crippling depression and social anxiety. I wanted to tell you that identify with Coda.But I can't.For I am not Coda, I am Davey.See this is the conundrum I face, If I hit the ""post review"" button I am vile as Davey. I am seeking validation for my review, for my emotions. If people mark this review as helpful then my experience was not in vain. If I don't hit the button and simply close my tab I will be Coda. I will simply leave because I did not create my artistic work for anyone but myself, this is an outlet for my own creativity.But I am not creative, I am not Coda. I am Davey and I hate myself."
,Recommended,303210,30159351,Posted: 24 February,all,rjblue9,very very sad game
,Recommended,303210,18445981,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Alexi_TV | Twitch,...pain...
,Recommended,303210,31192326,Posted: 16 April,all,jpierznik,"This game is an absolute feels trip as well as a mind♥♥♥♥, 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18313950,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,haamukassu,Probably the best game I've ever played.
76561198306868915,Recommended,303210,28436598,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,spencerp,"A beautiful game.  It's short but moving and reading reviews will spoil it.  If you're into game design then DEFINITELY get it.  If you want a new, interesting narrative it's worth taking a risk on this title."
76561198000357469,Not Recommended,303210,21133918,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dybo,"It's one thing to show someone's work without their permission, but to monetize it?  Shame on you"
,Not Recommended,303210,28636709,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Carr,"SPOILERS AHEAD: I'm a fan of Stanley Parable and this game bothered me considerably. Once you do some research into the game, you realize that the ""Coda"" character Davey keeps narrating about is a stand-in for himself. I even went as far as to read Davey's personal blogs after the game since he leaves the idea about Coda being an actual person relatively ambigious, only to have my suspicions more or less confirmed.I really enjoyed the unique, fresh breath of air that Stanley Parable was in the gaming industry with thousands of hours logged across many games. This game, however, perplexes me because of its allegory for the developer suffering such anxiety and stress over having achieved much more success with Stanley Parable than he originally anticipated. This is odd in itself, but let's say The Beginner's Guide is actually Davey's way of coping with the stress: Why am I paying him 5 dollars for it? That sounds like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to say, but hear me out.Ultimately, this game made me feel like Davey tore himself apart after making Stanley Parable. If he wants to make games to help himself feel better or communicate that to his audience, that's cool and whatever, but it's a bit immoral to ask for cash while presenting a veil of artistic integrity for what is essentially a self-destructive sob story in my eyes. If anything, the cash compensation's only purpose would be to affirm that Davey's negative feelings are appropriate, especially with the acclaim this game got. That may sound harsh, but it's really because the dev that made Stanley Parable has some amazing talent, and I feel like I wanted him back after playing this game. If anything, The Beginner's Guide shows you still have the skill to write a good story, but I would want to see it used for less self-destructive things if the success of Stanley Parable was so heart-wrenching for you.-Carr"
,Recommended,303210,29280076,Posted: 15 January,all,Smoothie Wolf,"It's easy to write paragraphs explaining exactly whatThe Beginner's Guideis about, but a big part of the experience is the player's own interpretation, thus it's better to go in blind - try not to spoil it for yourself beforehand.The core gameplay mechanics are fairly simple however and the developer makes use of the same style of naration used inThe Stanley Parable, to help the player progress through the game.Going into this and expecting a sequel or a similar type of game toThe Stanley Parableis a mistake, it's a refreshing experience and stands well on it's own - however keep in mind that it won't please everyone since it takes quite a risky route in terms of game design, to some the game might feel slightly 'lacking' or unfinished, which is to be expected.Verdict:The Beginner's Guidewill make the player think about the message being conveyed here long after the game has ended. Despite being fairly short and repetitive at certain segments it remains a quality title. *tears*8/10★★★★"
76561198148558564,Not Recommended,303210,21483722,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,russell.greyling,The most impressive thing about this game is how far it managed to crawl up its own rear end.
,Recommended,303210,18306936,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Olly Skillman-Wilson,"One of those rare games that raises some uncomfortable truths about the nature of creation, truths that may also apply to yourself. The game then just makes you sit with them for a while as it pokes them a bit and asks interesting questions. Massively self-indulgent it may be, but I found the experience to be valuable, it moved me."
,Not Recommended,303210,21518648,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Volte,"""LOL"" no.Haven't ever played a more contrived game. The narator is clearly the ""protagonist"", so this is just a completely self-indulgent game in an effort to showcase some of his work in a format that reduces criticism. He's right about one thing; he has some emotional issues he needs to sort out.In conclusion, your door puzzle wasn't that fascinating or challenging, which clearly you wished/hoped/thought it was based on1. your repeated use of it (despite trying to defuse the obviousness by confronting the issue head on through your naration) and2. your ""notes"" you left in your game about how difficult the challenge is and oh goodness developers please help!Ultimately the best word to describe the game brings us back to ""Contrived"".The Stanley Parable was great. Fantastic even. Borderline genius (but not genius). This one was forced, egotistical and smacks of someone who needs attention and praise.I dislike the disingenuous naration with phrases like ""I met Coda early 2008..."" you're yourself. Stop dancing around the obvious and trying to be poetic and clever. Nothing worse than someone who thinks they're clever trying to be clever when they're clearly not.Anyway. I'm done here."
,Recommended,303210,18408366,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Chris Hewson,"*Spoiler*I just saw a flying penguin, I have to tell you it was the most majestic thing I've ever seen! I don't feel like living because I feel nothing will ever be as majestic as that. I never want to see again if nothing will ever be that beautiful again. I am crying now and plan on ripping my eyes out. I must go now to do that.This statement is about as coherent as my understanding of this game.I may as well recommend it!"
,Recommended,303210,18777867,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SkyShark,"This is a difficult game to write about, but a few hours after playing it, I was left with several thoughts and feelings still floating around about what I’ve experienced. There’s a lot to process and possibly more than I think I’ll be able to get to here. I’ll be interested in replaying it and seeing where things stand from there, but for now this is what I’ve taken away from the game.I heard good things about The Beginner’s Guide but not any details about what it was. At first I assumed it was a video game about being a rogue leftover part of a game in the middle of being made (The Magic Circle, I think) so as it turned out I knew even less than I thought about the game. It’s by Davey Wreden who made The Stanley Parable, a fantastic game which my brother introduced me to the demo of by insisting it was entirely different to the game itself. It was and the game is something fantastic to experience. This is a little along those lines as far as using the mechanics of a video game to tell a story.The game stars one speaking character; Davey Wreden. He narrates the games which make up The Beginner’s Guide, acting as a kind of documentary of the works of a person called Coda. Coda’s a character whose personality and backstory is only provided by the commentary of Davey and the designs you walk through. I guess in a way you are the third character as the audience member walking through Coda’s world, curated by Davey.To start off with, you’re wandering a Counter Strike map designed by Coda and right away there are things wrong with it, only visible once you start moving within the world. I knew a few people who tinkered with CS back in the day and it places this designer firmly in the era of people modding games that I know of. The errors look like they could be due to a first-timer learning what they’re doing but Davey tells us of recurring themes in the work of Coda. There are floating boxes, strange cubes and dead ends. It’s alienating and within or without the fiction it’s entirely on purpose to set the tone. We are not a person in the world, we’re a witness to a game being designed.Once you have had a bit of a search and heard what Davey has to say, we skip ahead in time to the next project of Coda’s. It’s a space game with a non-working gun and an actual maze. Again, it’s something an amateur or an artist may have made and Davey has his own insights. The look of the levels are oddly charming in the same way that I find using the old graphics as to see how the original looked back in the day. There’s a moment where you die and Davey talks about Coda’s intent simply be that you die, only he experienced a bug which he replicates. You’re elevated into the air and can see the maze, the ship, all without a ceiling and the edges of the game world. There are sharp corners on the background and space itself is just a box you’re in. This is important, this change of perspective.The narrative of The Beginner’s Guide is presented through the game’s mechanics, but on several levels. One of the next games is one where you play a character who can only move backwards through a level. This section is something which I could imagine standing on its own easily enough and has messages unique to the game as well as to the greater narrative. It reminded me a little of Passage which was a game asking whether you want freedom with loneliness or companionship with restriction. There was no right answer in that game. This one the restriction’s a little more linear and you switch between the ability to see what’s ahead or the ability to move without seeing to navigate. Again, this is important. All of it is. There are puzzles, but not many, this is more of a journey than anything else, but a ‘walking game’ which uses the minimal mechanics of the game to its’ advantage. In games like Dear Esther, you would be in awe of a heavily detailed world but at a loss of what exactly to do between chunks of narration. Here, the worlds are small and bite-sized, the worlds can be as small as a single room or massive and awe-inspiring.Davey talks of the grander designs being experimented with and the meaning behind it all, as well as his experiences with Coda in real life. His interpretation of things like the series of small prison games, the domesticity of one game. There are recurring styles presented and some aspects evolve which reflects Coda’s growth as a person. His voice is only really experienced by little floating circles in one level and the dialogue options in a handful of games. Otherwise we’ve got the mechanics and Davey’s accounts as all you have to go on.It’s fascinating to see and for ninety minutes as a documentary, fake or otherwise, it makes for a great use of the medium. The games themselves are fairly small and definite works in progress, but there’s something which has inspired the narrator and hearing his analysis of it helps drive us through. And this is where we get to the spoilers.I don't know how this community is with spoilers, so I'm going to link to my site where the rest of the information is. There are a couple of flips in the narrative where it made me think deeply about one thing, then turned it round and made it all new again, all in a really short game. It's impressive and sticks with you. As I said, this all goes to spoilers. I hope you don't mind being shielded from them by me linking to my site here.http://fakedtales.com/2015/10/15/the-beginners-guide-review/"
,Recommended,303210,32297902,Posted: 9 June,all,Babaloga,"A fascinating exploration of creativity. More a first person narritive experience than a game, though in this case that's not a drawback.Very different from The Stanley Parable, but if you liked that game I'm willing to bet you'll like this one."
,Recommended,303210,26995576,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gup Gup,This game reminds you to think about why you do the things you do
76561198200574041,Recommended,303210,22712198,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nitroad Shadow,the Beginner's Guide is a moving and capturing experience that i truly truly recommend. ( 9/10 a bit too pretentious but a brill game will be recommending to my friends )
,Not Recommended,303210,18350194,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Potassium,"I was so excited for this game, especially upon hearing that it was made by the mastermind that created ""The Stanley Parable"". When I started playing it, I enjoyed the fact that it played a lot like Stanley, but after a few minutes, I realized that  the game was moving incredibly slowly and I really wasn't doing anything in the game except walking. I figured that the game was building up to something and eventually it would speed up.It never did. This is game is literally nothing but visiting different unfinished game worlds, listening to a story and walking. So much walking. So it's basically The Stanley Parable but with all the fun stuff taken out. Don't play this game unless you're fine playing a completely uninteresting game with no challenges and a boring story. It's not worth the money and although some people may appreciate it for being ""deep and artsy"", it's also flat and boring and wasn't for me."
76561198013357109,Recommended,303210,30231325,Posted: 27 February,all,ub3rlord,"If you make games, art, music, or do anything else that takes passion and creativity, you should play this game.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20598083,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,girldoesrant,"Absolutely brilliant. It's definitely a very aquired taste, especially In leiu of the style of ""The Stanley Parable"", for which this is a large stylistic and narrative departure. But the unique quality is there and you end up with a very surreal, twisted and emotional experience."
,Recommended,303210,25896835,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,墨染胧月夜,"Actually,if on the side of a game,I REALLY DON'T RECOMMEND it.But That's not a game.It talks about game and discusses what it really is.Is it full of choices?Mazes?Puzzles?Coda is finding the reality of game during his making,but the narrator doesn't understand him.He focuses of whether it can get much money,or whether the others will like this game.But Coda JUST WANTS TO MAKE SOMETHING HE WANTS."
,Recommended,303210,22904822,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Stupermaniac,"A very memorable experience from start to finish. ""Feels trip"" is accurate."
76561198113800783,Recommended,303210,27804163,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♥Weeble♥,Great Game.I cried. You cried. We all cried.r8 8/8 m8....yee :3
,Recommended,303210,18584654,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Neerak,I just... wow.I'm not going to try to explain why you should play this.But you just should.You just.Really.Really.Should.
,Recommended,303210,31017408,Posted: 8 April,all,Kirby,It is very unique game. The game experience is strange and doesn't look like anything else. I can't give it a definite score. Try it and see it for yourself.
,Recommended,303210,20886225,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kurumi=life,.....I don;t know what to say.......thanks
76561198136150333,Recommended,303210,34006479,Posted: 3 August,all,Lyserus,"I don't know what to say, reallyAs the game goes I thought I am experiencing the life of a game developer that killed himself. I really thought that will be the end. The part that the wall is breaking everytime he say something that is not true for himself and the part that shooting all his own creation is just so depressing. And yet in the end...... are we the problem?Will you please stop adding lampost in my game?"
76561197991090980,Recommended,303210,35122616,Posted: 22 September,all,clampton,"I'm surprised at how many reviewers seem to feel betrayed by this game, but I guess I shouldn't be. If you go into it expecting The Stanley Parable, that's not what you're going to get. The ony resemblance is that both The Beginner's Guide and The Stanley Parable are games about games and their relationship to their developers. To tell you more than that would be unfair, because the game is primarily about...finding out what the game is about. I will say that you need to be willing to open yourself emotionally to the story, because if you're not willing to do that you will indeed feel betrayed. If you are willing, then you'll find The Beginner's Guide to be a powerful and unexpected experience. As for the game being a walking simulator, it's only a walking simulator in the sense that a book is a reading simulator. The walk is how the story is told."
,Recommended,303210,34674856,Posted: 1 September,all,mael,"A short but deeply moving walking sim. It defies any further description, and has to be experienced. Set aside 2 hours and go in blind."
,Recommended,303210,24261295,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,PoGo is a FILTHY WEEABOO,The game is a short and yet deep. Play this game if you ever get the chance 10/10
,Not Recommended,303210,20005896,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Emberhard,"After reading and hearing the glowing reviews I went into this game knowing it was a walking sim but expecting it to make up for it with some sort of very moving experience.I certainly don't regret giving the game two hours my life to play it, and its not a bad game, obviously by all the glowing reviews out there. But it is certainly not worth 10$, probably not with 5$, maybe 2.50$, and I would probably recommend it if it were free.I also want anyone going into this game to know that they might not have some sort of moving experience from it. The tropes and ideas it displays are all things any mature person has probably already encountered, and hopefully worked thru, displayed in a somewhat interesting way and new way. The sort-of underlying meanings and morals of the story are nothing new from your after school specials, just communicated differently.---That's pretty much it for the main review but I do have my own interpretation as to whether one might get something special out of the game, so if that interests you read on.---It seems to me the game indulges two sorta psyches.If introversion and extroversion were laid out on a scale of 1-10 (since very few are complete introverts of extroverts)With the lower spectrum being introversion and the higher spectrum being extroversion, the game caters to those who land on the outer edges of the scale.So if you are a 1-3 introvert, like have legitimate difficulties interacting with people,or a 8-10 extrovert, can't stand to not interact with people,then I think you might have a deep experience with this game.However if you are someone more so in the middle, like I feel myself to be, then there's not much for you in this game.At least that's my interpretation."
76561198272043149,Recommended,303210,29412306,Posted: 21 January,all,EloraTheCrafter,"I-I'm not crying! There's just a lot of stuff in my eyes! Okay, in all honesty, I loved this game. It was truly well done, and gave me an ending that made me run to my bathroom and grab tissues. Definitly, a feels game. I came into this game being like ""Oh yeah! Let's get into this!"" But by the end of it I was bawling. This is definitly a must play game. Have fun playing!"
,Recommended,303210,18279874,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gonads,More Esther than Stanley.
76561197990963501,Not Recommended,303210,22371923,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,JollyJack,"I believe that the question “what is art?” can be summed up quite simply: if you have to explain what something is, then it’s not art.“The Beginner’s Guide” spends its entire duration explaining what it is by way of increasingly neurotic waffle: a message in a bottle that you’ve been asked to pay to read."
,Not Recommended,303210,19690107,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Siezure Salad,"This is like watching a movie, except to watch the movie you have to hold down the play button the whole time. In this case, the play button is the W key. There is no exploring. There is no game ""play"" with the exception of one puzzle that is copy pasted four times. This will only help you explore your emotions if you have no idea or concept of emotions."
76561198005405360,Recommended,303210,23922533,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hitler with an Arcana,"This isn't a game, it is simply a story. It is just a walking simulator that requires audio, yet it has some of the deepest emotions tied to a real person's life. It isn't fantasy, it is from a person just like you, or me, and it couldn't be more heart renching."
,Recommended,303210,21804304,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,T5 Vonk [29th ID],"Do NOT think of this game as a game just like the Stanley Parable, do not think of this game as an adventurous, full of action first-person shooter of any sorts, simply put; do not think of this game as your average today game. Think of it as an interactive movie.That put foremost, all I can say is that I'm almost speechless and there's still a bunch of questions going through my head at this point, I've literally finished the game just 10 minutes ago. I feel like this game reaches out to the depressed, anxious and isolated out there. Some of the messages left behind to me are the epitome of such a person experiencing the above.The game is not for everyone, some may experience little to no feelings from such an experience, but for creative individuals this game is for you."
76561198165547263,Recommended,303210,20396574,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,R_volution,"Was tempting to make some explanation about the game before I start playing itDecided not to explain anything about the game after finishing it10/10 for the game for telling me not to explain anything about itself0/10 for myself for still wanting to dig somethingI don't like myself now, either"
,Recommended,303210,29891507,Posted: 12 February,all,my microwave,"This game is truly special. Its got a great score and narrative. The experience it gives is truly unique and entertaining, don't think that once you play this game you wont think about it again. It definitely sticks with you, great game."
76561198099287153,Recommended,303210,30458912,Posted: 11 March,all,12aLiSon34,"This game is beautiful and sad and I don't know what to think anymore. It's very short but the emotions are insane, you feel all the emotions of the game... I just am shocked"
76561198028711579,Recommended,303210,20593964,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"After just finishing ""The Beginner's Guide"", I was left with a sad, sombre feeling. But I was moved & had experienced something real within a game enviroment. Something that doesn't happen so often. Most of the time we are aware that our feelings are being manipulated by the media we have chosen, be it music, books, films or games. ""The Beginner's Guide"" is both art & a form of letter, thrown out there for the right ones to get.It is not really a game, but in a sense it is a puzzle. If you expect a game though, you may be frustrated with what it offers. It is nothing like the ""Stanley Parable"". In fact to link the two titles together, as many promotions and trailers have done, is a huge mistake & doesn't do this title any favours. This isn't for everyone.It starts off almost like a documentary & ends on a highly personal, emotional note. Like someone opening a floodgate of inner thoughts that aren't even filtered or sorted, & you're left with sorting out your own emotional response to it.It is a unique experience, for better or for worse, depending on how you take it, or what you read into it.It made me think about what I love so much about games generally. That you usually have clear goals, even if they sometimes are hard to achieve, you have goals, solutions, you reach an end. You feel accomplishment. Unlike life, which doesn't have clear goals, a given path, right or wrong, even when you might think it does. Life and all it's variables are infinitely more complex than anything else we experience, it's the sum of everything, and it continues on until we die, whether we follow lines & achieve goals along the way or not. That's why playing games can be such a comfort at times. Little pieces of clarity amids the sometimes chaotic feelings one has as a human being.""The Beginner's Guide"" is not comforting to experience, but it feels important, & it enriched me. And therefor I recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,30809659,Posted: 29 March,all,7000 miniature mangoes,cabbage shapes our nation
,Recommended,303210,21072230,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,1U©iF#r,don't fix it
,Recommended,303210,19367598,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Squire of Ramsalottington,"This is an intense experience. It's a slow build and you must do it one sitting, that's not too much to ask as it only took me 90 minutes, but once it's done and finished you will be thinking about. It makes you question the relationship between creator and audience, between YOU and the art / media you enjoy, and most of all it makes you question exactly what you just went through. It's an insidious journey through several layers deep of metaphor, one that just may make you cry."
,Recommended,303210,24032393,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nontheist,"First, read the description for the game.  No, don't just read it.  Take the time to understand what it's telling you.  Are you ok with an interactive narrative?  Are you ok with being a little uncomfortable (or a lot)?It's hard to really write a review some something that is like this.  I think I learned a lot about myself and I felt I had to take a hard look at how I was treating other people.  It was fun and it was enlightening."
,Recommended,303210,23773377,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScubaTank,"I can't explain this with words...Less, not even in a review..."
76561198013529169,Not Recommended,303210,20210466,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rodario,"To everyone thinking about buying this because they liked The Stanley Parable:The Beginner's guide is also a narrated walking simulator, but that's where the similarities end. The narrative is not influenced by what the player does, nor is it funny or the least bit interesting (to me).The creator of TSP leads you through a series of very short ... instances, which are supposedly the unfinished works of ""this friend of his"", as he goes on about creative process and ""his friend's"" emotional/psychological problems and whatnot. Mostly, you'll just walk around a bit and when you've seen what little there is to be seen, you'll wait for him to stop talking and load the next half-finished demo level of a very weird, but mediocre intended-as-art ""game"".I feel like I just paid money to listen to a guy vent, but shouldn't it be the other way around?Forgive me for being presumptuous, but if you are not the type to find (or even look for) deeper meaning in abstract pieces of ""art"", you will probably not enjoy The Beginner's Guide either."
76561198035622198,Recommended,303210,29484337,Posted: 25 January,all,Cosmic Penguin,"This is not really a video-game. It's a story. An amazing and heartwrenching story, that, to my surprise, brought me to tears. It has little gameplay or replayability, but the story itself truly makes up for it."
76561198092134228,Recommended,303210,18364515,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MrOgilvie,*heavy breathing**Contemplates existance**Doesn't say anything*
,Recommended,303210,24310140,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AngryMuffin,This game made me fall in love with narration style games. I was captivated every single second I played it.
,Recommended,303210,33156241,Posted: 2 July,all,Guardy,"Okay, let's make this short.Nice Things:-It's one of those games where your first thought is probably just ""I'm vaguely weirded out now"", but it's also going to stick with you for an uncomfortably long time. Emphasis onuncomfortably.-It can be actually genuinely unsettling at times-On a very much related note, it's incredibly surreal-Foreshadowing, baby!-It's probably going to give you emotions in some kind of way. Currently, I'm not entirely sure if that qualifies as a Nice Thing.-For something that's deliberately made to look like it was made by a hobbyist, the graphics are surprisingly atmospheric. Not necessarilygoodin the traditional sense, but very fitting and occasionally quite stunning.Not Nice Things:-Let's face it, it's not cheap for something so short. I'd say it's not egregious, but... well. Depending on your discretionary income, you miiiiiight want to wait until it's on sale.Further Notes:-The conceptual scenes are frequently quite interesting and pretty dang weird.-I kid you not, my first thought while playing the game was ""I bet you he had to rip those games from his buddy's metaphorical cold dead hands"". I also called the entire ""the games are being over-analyzed against the creator's intention"" bit. If you do creative stuff, a few things in this game are probably going to resonate quite strongly.-On the other hand, the entire part aboutexternal validation and... well, popularityis something a lot of people should take note of. Myself included.-That said, the part aboutrespecting creators and their workisalsosomething a lot of people should take note of and learn a few very serious lessons from."
,Recommended,303210,30697357,Posted: 23 March,all,[558] Forcystus9,Absolutely excellent. Forced me to take the deepest introspective look that I have taken in a long time.
,Recommended,303210,18288457,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,scarletcatalie,"A really nicely-paced, solid little narrative game; with a nice cementing of Wreden's style that makes me eager to see what more he can come up with. A lot shorter than the Stanley Parable, but exactly as long as it needs to be and worth the 5 quid I spent.I don't want to say too much about the story, because it's the entire meat of the game and to spoil it would be a sin, but it touched on themes that really hit me hard. I absolutely reccomend it."
76561198002762451,Not Recommended,303210,18287739,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,HashBreather,Emotional bait and switch. It's a subsidized apology.
,Recommended,303210,20553998,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Matt Mock,"I...I broke down crying twice while playing this game.  The last time I shed a tear over a game was the ending of The Last of Us, and that was only a mild wetting of the eyes.  I imagine that there are players who won't connect with this game.  They have lead lives that have taken them down different paths and don't identify with either of the two charecters in this game, but if you have ever felt like a failure in life or if you have worried about if it is possible to make a real change in your behavior, then you might understand and empathize with what this game is saying.  Is that a recommendation? That this game can make you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't really know, but it's enough to make me give it a thumbs up.  The game is a 2 hour short story about creativity, connecting with others, and depression with basically no player agency.  If that sounds like something you want to experience then this game delivers."
,Recommended,303210,23575193,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,naavis,"Fairly short, but wonderful experience that made me rethink the world of games completely."
,Recommended,303210,32666983,Posted: 22 June,all,DoorMattarino,"If you've played and enjoyed The Stanley Parable, this game is an absolute must have.If you have not yet played The Stanley Parable - GO DO THAT RIGHT THIS SECOND.If you did not enjoy The Stanley Parable - FIGHT ME.In all honesty though this game is great for those who like a game with a simplistic style and meaningful story.  It's very well made as well.Also you can bhop in it which kind of ruins the immersion but bhopping is life."
,Recommended,303210,20573182,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TheIronicGamer,"Wow, just wow! What an amazing experience.The beginners guide hit me hard. I've seen such a tragic story told in such a creative way. Coda is a game developer. The story is told through narration over every game he has made. Link's between his games and his life are made by the narrator. The narrators just tells the story so incredibly well and it had me hooked the whole way through. I can't go into too many details about the story due to spoilers but I loved it.There's not really a whole lot to the beginners guide aside from the storytelling. Gameplay wise there isn't really anything apart from a walking simulator. But if your looking for a game solely for the story, like me, then the beginners guide is definitely for you.The biggest issue with the beginners guide is the game is very short taking only around 1.5 hours to complete. But I feel this length is perfect. The story is told without rushing and any longer and I would have gotten bored.Honestly I had no idea what I was expecting when I went into the beginners guide, but i'm so glad I purchased it. It's an incredible experience that will probably go down to me as being the best storytelling in a video game.Obviously this game isn't for everyone. If your looking for an actionpacked game with lot's of gameplay then stay well clear of this.If your happy with a game solely based on the story then go for it. To know what it is that makes the beginners guide just so good you'd have to experience it for yourself. I also believe for the amount of content offered £6.99 is a very reasonable price.TheIronicGamers rating systemDon't ever buy this game.Maybe consider it on a sale.An average game.A good game that should definitely be considered.A must play!"
,Recommended,303210,34360023,Posted: 19 August,all,sypolar,"One of my favorite games. It delves into the psyche of a man named ""Coda"" who makes games. You play through Coda's games one by one.Pros:A different type of story telling I've never seen in a game. Stanley Parable is similar but played for humor and laughs. This game is serious and involves a great deal of self reflection.Cons:Short, under two hours"
,Recommended,303210,18335326,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,sashimi taco,"I admit I was annoyed with this game at first. I found the narrator too pushy with his own opinions.However. This game is a lot more than that. And If you have the patience to finish the game (only an hour and a half), you will experience a really great story. I have not had a story experience like this in a long time. And I even enjoyed that the game made me annoyed. Because it was trying to tell me something.I really liked this game a lot."
,Recommended,303210,18379131,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Liam 🍋,"There is very little I can say about this game which will not spoil it for you, so all I say is Yes. Buy it. Play it. It is good."
76561197971652506,Recommended,303210,18392895,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,phr33ky,"I recommend this game. That's all I can say about it. Even if you don't care about game developement. Buy it, ""play"" it, experience it."
,Recommended,303210,24477291,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,David S. Pumpkins!,"This game disturbed me on a very personal level. This game made me feel a lot of emotions regarding decisions I have made over the last couple years. This game moved me. Far.Maybe I'm being a little arbitrary. But that's all I really can do. This game needs to be experienced in order to be explained.It explores the complexity of some very important points regarding being a creator, a friend, and a person. It made me rethink what it means to create something, be it a piece of art or a video, and think why someone even started creating it in the first place. But aside from that, as I am not a creator of any sorts, it made me look in to relationships I have had, close friends I have kept, and how I thought I was being nice and a great friend to them, but I was really destroying them. It hit me really close to home. At some points I felt like I could have been in the narrorator's seat at any moment. I connected with this game on a such personal level.However, I wish not to spoil. Please, play this game if you are a creator of art or know one. Play this game if you strugge with your creativity or your relationships."
76561198132298668,Recommended,303210,33440653,Posted: 10 July,all,TheLaughingPineapple,"More than another walking simulator, more than a powerful story, it's a fresh look at gaming and experiences in life that not only reach the two people centered, but the ones playing."
,Not Recommended,303210,18360946,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Andrack,"If what's going on in this game is real, Coda needs to lawyer up.If not, then I feel like there's not a whole lot to be gained from this other than journalist thinkpiece-bait and a neat idea for how to make money from old abandoned throwaway projects.I'm going to assume the latter until I hear otherwise."
,Recommended,303210,22308519,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dr. Übermensch,"It was my birthday a day ago. I had some money to spend on games, so I look onto my wishlist, grasping my digital forty dollars in my hand.Two games, Killing Floor 2 and The Beginner's Guide. A real contrast, if anything.I download the games, yeah, cool, and I hover over the button to play this game. For some reason I stop myself.Do I know what I'm getting into?Do I?I booted it up, played it for a bit, and faintly struggled to put it down after about 4 levels, as I was also intent on playing KF2. Played that awhile, real nice game. But that's not what I'm here for.A day passes and I sit myself down to play Guide once more, I'd actually felt like I needed to play it, to grasp it, to know what happens.And... well. Now I've finished it.I'm not sure on what to think about this game, it's a tale that comes once in a blue moon.It left me feeling empty, alone, depressed, lonely, somber.But, ...it gave me something else.Find it for yourself. Find it in the game.You'll know once you're there. Trust me."
76561198286055151,Recommended,303210,22787914,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,尾上Serika,"For my English is not that good so i could impossibly understand the full meaning of the game, but it still makes me criedwhen i up into the sky and leaving maze beyond myself. i am not a individual game maker, but since i was a middleschool student, i found myself fund of telling stories, this is how i started writing. Everytime i finish a work, i always print it on the papaer at first time and give it to others, force them read the story i made, wanna show them the world in my head. As the it said in the game, it would be much interesting when people get their fun when traveling through the work u made, feeling like building a theme park but not with steel nor conceret but words.But none of those happened. people mostly said my works got stuff and somthing great in it, but they just could not point it out. Yes, it's the ""idea is good but still missing something"" type, but i could not see this point or i just ignore the point, as result, even at this moment i haven't combine the ideal work i wished.Here's what i think after i worked through this guide, maybe i've go to far, why couldn't turning back to the funning park, the story is not that interesting? May it's because i lost my insipration in the hope that i want myself to be admired, i need to receive something from it.When makeing a story becomes the only way to connect the world or to identify yourshelf, what could be the fun that left?And so does the game.And so the artworks of the world.So will i see the whole picture of my work when i am outside that box?:)"
76561198261707986,Recommended,303210,22628316,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ShaharWeizman,"this ""game"" is beutuful and makes you think about life"
76561198402552546,Recommended,303210,35172842,Posted: 23 September,all,Fynn,"This is more of a story than a game. So if you play games for the story, you may love this. If you need difficult puzzles and body counts, you may not. You won't get stuck on some boss fight or run out of ammo and have to restart a level. No bosses, no ammo that matters. But you may question what gaming is, mull over how audience and creator interact and have a real think about what you just saw.But I love that so I love this.Three cheers to the creator... even though he doesn't need my approval, I changed all the meaning to suit my world view, and it isn't for me anyway? xD"
,Recommended,303210,18392182,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Wif,"Deviating from my usual review format, this is more of a personal, thought provoking journey than a game.  If you buy it expecting The Stanley Parable 2, you'll be disappointed.  If you are after a 'game' you'll be mostly disappointed.  If you want a great narrative and experience then you should give it a look."
,Recommended,303210,18394347,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kootiepatra,"It really makes you think about some deep and heavy stuff. Would definitely recommend playing it all in one go, preferably by yourself, taking your time to absorb the dialogue and environments. It's as effective at getting into your head as The Stanley Parabe was, but takes you on a completely different kind of emotional rollercoaster. Be prepared for some serious soul-searching.If you hate ""walking simulators"" on principle, you probably won't enjoy this game. But if you want a gripping and thought-provoking narrative that effectively makes use of its medium, they don't come much richer than this."
,Recommended,303210,19988079,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Karma,"""The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.""Himself."
,Not Recommended,303210,32675290,Posted: 23 June,all,AncientRadiation,"TO THE PERSON WHO HASN'T PLAYED THIS YET:I'm not entirely sure if you should buy and play this game. It has been helpful for me, but I feel like I'm gaining something from another person's pain and folly. It doesn't feel right, but at the same time I'm better for having played it. If guilt is not something you're willing to dabble in then I'd stay away.That sounds really nebulous and doesn't describe the game. Describing the game itself would break the effect of it. The only way I feel I can share without spoiling is to say this:This game brought me out of a bubble I thought I had gotten out of and didn't know I was still living in...Theres more to that statement below.TO DAVEY AND CODA (and in general to add to the conversation/help anyone also going through these problems):I am unsettled because I feel that this game is something I should not have been a part of as a buyer and player. But at the same time I needed it.This game brought me out of a bubble I didn't know I was still living in by bringing me into someone else's and watching theirs burst. My life is better for having been shaken back to reality with this game's narrative.To elaborate for the 0 people reading this; this game has made explict, a piece of knowledge which I have known and taken for granted over the past year or so. I've walked around for quite a while now thinking that I do not need external validation to define myself. I went through a troubling time, mentally and physically, trying to figure out what this life thing is about and finally decided that the point is for me to decide my own meaning and purpose, not for others to tell me what I mean to the universe.  I only found this after years of looping through what was probably a very destructive existence. I had considered my war against outward validation won.However, the narrator's revelation about his relationship with the games' creator has made me realize that there are still actions in my own life (completely different from ones described in this game) which I subconciously take to attain validation from peers, family, and even strangers. This game has shown me that this war I'm fighting does not end until I am dead, because the part of me conditioned by thousands of years of human socializing is my true enemy."
,Recommended,303210,18299006,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Welshe,"this is a art form, although really short, just play the game"
,Recommended,303210,24779468,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Codrin Bradea : Satana,10/10
,Not Recommended,303210,35028027,Posted: 17 September,all,rcgamergirl,"I loved The Stanley Parable and had high hopes for this game, but it didn't appeal to me. It reminded me of exploring test levels in a game. Once in a while you find something interesting, but you wouldn't want to pay for the experience.While some of the areas were interesting to explore, for the most part I found it tedious. Perhaps that was mostly due to me not feeling anything for the characters in the story. While I personally don't recommend it, many people got far more from it than I did. Maybe give it a pass if you're not a big fan of dramas or find talking about other people's relationships boring."
76561198100200808,Not Recommended,303210,18323734,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nick,More Artsy than Game.If you're into that kind of thing give yourself enough time to play it through in one go. A couple hours will do.Don't expect anything like The Stanley Parable.
76561197992439195,Not Recommended,303210,18281168,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Masklin,"In this game, you will press W for 2 hours while someone explains to you how making a creative work can be depressing.There is literally nothing else."
,Recommended,303210,18365091,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Xlis1,"this game... i dont know what to say, if you are a gamer and you dont quite know whats goiong on in your life or are depressed like i was, buy this. I dont know what it was about this but something clicked inside my head, i think i feal better, i dont realy know. This is a amazeing game never the less, go out and buy this if you have the money to spare, it will change your outlook on life. Or at least it changed mineEDIT:its been a while seience i last played this, and i came back to it recently and played it again, still just as wonderful as before."
,Not Recommended,303210,19930439,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ariyanna Moon,"I did not cry, except for the money I spent on this ""game"" ON SALE.  I trusted the ""good"" reviews, the video looked interesting but the ""game"" itself was SOOOOO boring. It was not atmospheric, it was not story rich, it is a walking sim but that's it. It did not evoke raw emotions in me except omg, I'm bored already when can I get out of this stupid maze.I'm sure this review will get buried with the other ones that smartly tell you not to buy this but I tried to help you out. Don't believe me, find someone who did a Let's Play and watch them play it, you won't be sad you didn't do it yourself.edit: the reason it has 2 hrs on the game play is because I got bored and started checking my email, looking at fb, you know all those things that were far morei interesting than listen to the narrator drone on about, I'd pick it up again just to see if it go better. It didn't."
,Recommended,303210,18356994,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,zoid,This game really told a story.
,Not Recommended,303210,19890490,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Omega,A walking simulator and (possibly fake) story about the creator of The Stanley Parable befriending an autistic hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,303210,18365625,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hydra,This is probably unlike any game you've played...
,Recommended,303210,18359719,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Adzy 👻,wow...
,Recommended,303210,18281727,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DANGO OOM-eh-holla,Touched ma soul.ty coda
,Not Recommended,303210,18334104,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LIVE: twitch/bellehelene,"This game doesn't give you ANY satisfaction when finishing. It's a sort of indy-like-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game without any point. Sorry, but I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,303210,18303968,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Run4It,This made me feel like I gave money to a televangelist.
,Not Recommended,303210,24076352,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Snack Attack,"If you don't want this game spoiled for you, don't read this review. There won't be too much detail, but enough to tell you the game's basic attitude.So basically, this game is [spoilers] hella feels. The trailer made it look like something else, so I bought it (on sale luckily). Why not look through some dude's personal computer biz, right? Well apparently not. The folder labeled ""my work"" that's mentioned in the trailer is basically the whole game. But you don't get to pick anything. You're just in for the ride. It's definitely atmospheric, and interesting, but kinda short and boring. That's just me though. Hope if you read this, it kinda helped you understand what this game really is. Don't let the trailer fool you like it fooled me."
,Recommended,303210,18285038,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Interesting game.The narrative, by virtue of it's very being, simply demands that you experience this without any pre existing knowledge of its subject matter. So, i will honor that by not writing anything else about this game except to simply say that it is worth experiencing as long as you go in willing to simply absorb what it has to offer.Definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,303210,21154569,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,JAKE The 3Z1KK,It tells about the truth
,Recommended,303210,18886062,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mr.Game and Audio,"This game made me feel something that I hadn't felt in a long time. I Enter the game with curiosity, and left it questioning everything I knew about games and game deveopment.  This is a story told through short vignettes and the message it gives you at the end -- reguardless of what you take away, is ultimately very powerful!"
76561197975859481,Recommended,303210,30127299,Posted: 23 February,all,MadMartigan,Unexpected.It certainly stirred something in me. Why? The music notes? The narrative? The wandering through mostly lonely feeling levels with the above in my headphones? I dunno. But it was worth 10 bucks. Definately an experience and some sort of strange lightly interactive art story piece.Id recommend it if that sounds intresting to you.
,Recommended,303210,18401194,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bean boy,Play this game for fun timesand maybe some sad ones.
,Recommended,303210,18435263,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The Doge,"It is a story. I don't know how to ""review"" this game but to comment about it.--Since the narrator is a `real` person, it's hard to think about this. Is Coda real? I really don't think so.Most of the time I think Coda is `made-up` for the narrator to reflect about himself alone all this time.Also, the icon of the game is a symbol named ""Coda"" (nice touch)"
,Recommended,303210,18438591,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,default,This is not a game.Yet it is the best game ever made.0/0.
,Recommended,303210,18283845,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Verion,"I don't know what to write, i don't even know what to think, but this game deserves far more than just money.play it, and you wont regret it."
36574357658456785,Recommended,303210,20138182,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Phil,"I recommend this game.And I will be 100% honest, I was not expecting the game to be the way it was. Not that I was expcting a humorous game. Not that I had any expectation from The Stanley Parable (seeing as I only played it for 15 minutes on my account, but I played a lot when my brother got it.)And it's not that I was upset that it wasn't what I expected. It was a really good game.And what I really want to know is,What was I feeling? What was it because I felt everything, there was happy and sad and everything else. I found myself tearing up and I didn't even know why.It was sad but it was beautiful. (Doctor Who Quote)And is this a true story? Did this really happen? Was this an actual person, was Coda a real person?There was one person who unfortunately left a negaive review, but they brought up a good point, with deep analysis, this could all be a fabricated piece of workAnd that isn't bad, because it is still a great piece.And someone else left a negative review(Thats fine they are allowed to have an opinion, and this is all mine), saying they think the game was meant more for an audience of game devs""I imagine this will be well received among game devs, which may well be the extent of the intended audience.""Idk but I enjoyed it.Overall:A piece of art, true story or not (and if i could get an answer on that)An amazing storyDefinately recommended if you like feels and deeperish thinkingGreat experienceWorth the time (1.5 hrs)I don't even know what to say or how to explain itUpdate: From someone else's words I can explain it""Not to be missed"""
,Recommended,303210,20167500,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Croy,"I want to leave a positive review, but I don't want to spoil any content."
76561198095868285,Recommended,303210,21181514,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,An Astute Potato,"The less I reveal about this game the better, so all I will say is that it is amazing, with masterful voice acting and an emotionally drive story. Although i wasn't crying or anything this game got me more emotional than any other game ever has. It took me just over 90 minutes to complete and there is nothing at all like it, so I recommend this game to anyone with an hour or two when they can sit down and play it in one sitting as it is best played in this way."
,Recommended,303210,18432365,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Outlawful_,"Where The Stanley Parable was a dynamic and living converstion about the relationship between authorial intent and user agency, The Beginner's Guide proves a more linear narrative experience. Through iteration and narration, you'll eventually be allowed to observe and interpret the relationship between those that create and those who consume. Decide for yourself the virtues of the creative process and whether or not they can exist in a vacuum. Everybody will walk away with different interpretations, but this is a must play."
,Not Recommended,303210,19900602,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Spearitless,"Let me just start this off by saying I want to recommend this, I really do. I love the developer and I loved The Stanley Parable but I just can't rightfully recommend this game.Let me just start off by pointing out the price, as it is slightly pivotal. It's $10 ($6 if you're getting this during the winter sale. as I did) for about an hour and a half to two hours of gameplay. And while I understand that The Stanley Parable did this as well, it did this in a way that even once you've completed some of the stories there is still more dialogue and more to explore and more to be done, and it is genuinely fun.In this ""game"" (I am not using quotes to undermine it, merely because it is more an interactive story) you follow a linear path through the past games of a creator, told by a narrorator who just so happens to be Davey, the creator of both of these games.SPOILERS AHEAD:Towards the end of the story it becomes more and more clear that he was searching for meaning where meaning was not, and that this game did not delve into the troubles of the fictional character ""Coda"", but instead into the mind of the developer himself and his struggles with self worth.And while this game is good for what it is, it has a very select audience. In my personal opinion, I would have most likely given a more positive review for this ""game"" had it been only a few dollars, but this much money demands a game, or at least some replay value, that just isn't there.In all honesty, if you want to play this ""game"", save your money and go watch a full playthrough on YouTube, you get the same effect and get to see everything this game has to offer without spending the money on it."
,Not Recommended,303210,20020811,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cipheroo,"Starts off well and covers interesting topics, but becomes a bit of a mess by the end. I really enjoyed the use of prisons as a metaphor and the idea of someone's games being a window into their true feelings.These points are unfortunately undermined, if not outright contradicted, by the conclusion. I'm not convinced that there's a deeper meaning beyond this, other than, ""how we interpret things is a reflection of us"". I wish the game's message(s) were more coherant.The levels have interesting concepts and some of them are quite beautiful. Unfortunately the linearity prevents you from ever really caring about them. They're memorable experiences, sure, but you'd miss very little watching a playthrough instead of playing. I don't really like let's plays, but this is one game where I'd recommend finding one.While I haven't created maps in the Source engine, I don't feel that any of these were particularly complex in nature. They convey a lot of meaning minimalistically and have great atmosphere, but this simplicity also takes away from the game's message. Given what's presented, some of the game's points about the creative process feel unconvincing.Even if the concept interests you, I'd only recommend buying it if you think it being playable will make a difference. I found that it didn't."
,Recommended,303210,18323811,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Patler²³,I must say this game is really deep.But maybe thats a point why you should play it.The game is really amazing.And it even gets really emotional.It has a cool style and is really good looking.You should really play this game
,Recommended,303210,23906127,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DragonAether,"I felt so bad with my self when at one point i realized that i was trying to play this game like a normal game.It's a powerful experience.I saw emotion shine, from the narration, from each single game.Thank you for this living game"
,Recommended,303210,24314392,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,LevFendi,"Thanks to this experience certainly worthy of the ""Indie"" tag, my view of lampposts has changed forever.BE WARNED: Despite common traits existing, this abstract game is indeed quite unlike The Stanley Parable or A Whirlwind Heist. It's not really adventurous, but it is extremely personal and quite emotionally rich.There are two things about this game that I highly praise:-It casts light on some of the struggles of game developers and game development philosophy, although the messages can be generalized to all artists. I found certain parts quite relatable with my struggles in literary writing. The themes include self-expression through art, dealing with creative stagnation, the push for innovation, reclusiveness, and social anxiety, among other things.-The game has excellent storytelling without relying on the traditional methods, making it original. For example, indirect characterization (along with its consequences) plays an immense role here.This game gives you a lot to think about, especially when it ends. It is not only open to interpretation seems to demand it too. I suspect that some of the abstract stuff is forced, or intended for a specific audience, or perhaps it simply takes time to sink in.I just finished the game but feel like I might play it again to pick up new things. I'd recommend this game if you can relate to the themes I listed earlier, or like unusual experiences in general."
76561198053474628,Recommended,303210,24153418,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,56skt26,"I have three things to say about this game:1 - It has nothing to do with The Stanley Parable.2 - It's not what we tipically think of as a ""game"".3 - It's a pice of art."
,Recommended,303210,18384432,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,FlipZFox,"This is the story of a man named Coda. Coda worked for himself in a big building where he was a game programmer and developer. Coda's job was simple: he sat at his desk in his room, and he pushed buttons on a keyboard. Ideas came to him through a monitor on his desk, telling him what buttons to push, how long to push them, and in what order. This is what Coda did every day of every month and every year, and although others might have considered it soul-rending, Coda relished every moment that the ideas came in, as though he had been made exactly for this job.And Coda was happy.And then one day, something very peculiar happened. Something that would forever change Coda. Something he would never quite forget.Aside from the fitting Stanley Parable joke, this game really does speak for any artist who struggle with depression as well as the negative impacts of game developement (or rather just anything artistic in general) it can have on one's life. I recommend you getting this if you want to want observe the nature of how one struggles through it all. Otherwise I wouldn't because it's basicallly another freaking walking simulator.Though if you aren't a big fan of walking simulators I'd think it's best to avoid it."
,Recommended,303210,20082282,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BlondyHell,"First, sorry if the english isn't perfect but it's not my main language.I'd like to say something useful about this game. Something to help you to decide if you should buy it or not, but I've just finished it and ... I can't.At the beginning I was bored. I wanted it to go fast and end but as people was saying good things about it I wanted to continue.During the game I sometimes felt like someone was r@ping my mind, forcing me to feel or say things that was true but couldn't admit to myself.And at the end, and still now, I just feel like I r@ped someone else mind, forcing his intimacy.It's a confession. It's touching. And if you have a heart and listen to it, it's strong. Really strong.Actually I thought I couldn't say anything to help you doing your mind but it just seems like I did it, didn't I ?"
,Recommended,303210,18284995,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fatally Gingered,This hurt.
,Recommended,303210,18462252,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dangus,I really like this game.
,Recommended,303210,18421948,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bambi‽,"Wonderful in it's own special way, but bound to make some people disappointed. If you're looking for a fun game then don't bother, as it essentially lacks any game mechanics. It's quite short, meaning that the $10 asking price will not be worth it to many people. It also is very different from The Stanley Parable, and in fact it is very far from comedic, so fans of that might wind up disappointed as well.It's a game that is difficult to explain without revealing some aspects of it and spoiling the whole thing, and it's best to go in totally blind. Blind faith is hard to sell, however, so if you're not willing to take a risk don't bother. It appeals to a niche audience that finds the medium of video games capible of being captivating and telling good stories without being a traditional ""game,"" and this particular story heavily benifits from having some limited interactivity. If that sounds pretentious or uninteresting then stay far, far away. Others, however, might find something that resonates with them, as I and several others have.It's an ambitious game, but it's also very small and personal. It finds a balance, and it's beautiful. It might even be the best ""walking simulator"" game to date, although that might not be fair because it's so different than any of those games that came before it.In short, don't buy it unless you are fine with spending $10 on a story. It is, however, a damn fine story if you can buy into it."
76561198119197082,Recommended,303210,19895258,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JellyJeffrey,"I feel sort of weird reviewing this game after playing through it. Play it, but only if you are cool with walking simulators with a deep meaning. It won't necessarily be fun, but it is an experience that will change the way you look at video games and developers.Also, play this game with at least one other person. It is really nice to be able to talk to someone immediately after playing it."
,Recommended,303210,20198024,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Candybar121,Did not expect that to be so good
,Recommended,303210,20140580,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sgt zookles,"This is not so much a game, but an experience. For those that say it's pretentious or stupid, you probably just don't ""get"" it. And that's fine, not everyone is going to ""get"" this game.One of the most interesting, personal experiences I've ever had, especially considering it was just me wandering around for 90 minutes listening to some dude talk about short kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video games that weren't even his own (in the context of the story, of course).Absolutely brilliant from start to finish, and in the future when we can erase any part of our mind at will, you bet I'll be erasing this just so I can play through it again for the first time."
,Recommended,303210,19902374,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mediz,Never underestimate the fallability of the egomaniac.
,Recommended,303210,20305478,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,BillingsBro,"Well... I don't know what to say, though a review is needed.This ""game"" is great.  Nothing close to what I expected.  I expected something a little more humorous, or adventurous, so sitting down and launching this game, I had that in mind.HOWEVER, just because it wasn't what I had expected, does not mean it was bad.  Throughout the story, hearing Davey's analysis of the games, made me think more about myself, and my friends.  How am I presenting myself? How am I helping my friends? (if that is what im doing).This is great, nearly made me cry during some parts, good tears. Very relaxing game, glad I actually sat down and played it. Going to show it to my friends, and hope they like it as much as I do.9/10.  9 because it wasn't what I expected, but the experience I got kept it up. Highly Reccomend."
76561198253201379,Recommended,303210,18375603,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,AceNoir,...wow. just... wow.that wasn't a game- that was an experience.
,Recommended,303210,20903772,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Seereh,Psychology Simulator: 2015
,Recommended,303210,23520563,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FlamingYeti,"The Beginner's Guide is not a game. It's a story. A story told about a single guy, a journey, and an experience, narrated by the developer of this and The Stanley Parable, Davey Wreden.Please, pick up and play this game. I completed it in 80 minutes, and at the end I sat on the home screen and reflected. As someone who spends their time in interesting Rogue-Likes, and First-Person Shooters, to be able to experience the journey of someone and hear such a tale of intrigue and zeal was incredible.Like I said, The Beginner's Guide is not a game. It's a story. It will make you think. Go into it with an open mind, ponder over everything said, and you will be awed. Go buy this game."
76561198001371305,Recommended,303210,23922408,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CEMBLE (Star Lord),"Coda you go make games bro, i am here for you and i am ready when you are ready, make my room jail for me."
,Recommended,303210,27482588,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MonkeyJunkie,This game made me feel so many different things. Experience it!
76561198086756443,Recommended,303210,27293873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bmetal sas,"To be honest when i first heard about it i thought this will be like Stanley Parable,you know like a comedi game.When the narrator told us that he created it i had more concerns about it,but to tell you i was wrong.This game had no nothing as funny as Stanly Parable it was more serious and i like that better too,don't get me wrong i like funny games but i like more whne it has a meaning and a deep story.I won't spoiler anything and this game is out for like 1 year i hope that they will make games like this and i hope if Kona exists that he will gets this message and make more games too :)I recomend this and i bought it on sale but i would buy it for even 60 euros :)"
76561198125842280,Recommended,303210,28811129,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,M-Pie-Rr ★™ -Kr3w✟unit3D-,This game is pure magic and there will never be anything like this again. 2.5 hours to beat the game but this game made a grown man get the sniffs. There is a part in this game where you are helping a friend clean and the dialog says he just seemed so happy and the song that was playing ahh this game touched my soul in some way. Then just weigh the heavy burndens of society and be a free thinker.
,Recommended,303210,20645983,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Winter | blw.tf,Beautiful.
76561198224184108,Recommended,303210,30970594,Posted: 5 April,all,jjosephh,"It's hard to find a good place to start without ruining the ending. Let me just say i love it, and i told my friend and she's gonna play it tomorrow. This is one of the few games that actually made me feel true emotion. When i say this is a good game, good is an understatement. This game is fantastic and i wouldn't change a single thing about it. And the sound is beautiful and gameplay is smooth and amazing. I love this game. I would highly recommend this game to anyone of my friends."
,Recommended,303210,19980650,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Imm0rt41,"This is not a game. It's a story. This is a real life story of two people. One who may be ""standard"" by your ideas, and the other who may be ""depressed"". I'm not sure what it would be for the second, but many would not consider them ""standard"".Do not play this to look for a game. This is a message, from one person to another. I would rate it a full 5/5 for being true, real, not fantasy and not an escape from our real lives. But because of something mentioned towards the end I rate it 4/5. What you did will likely not help, but I applaud you for striving for something, and that is the best I think any of us can do. This is not a game, its a story and a message. The only reason you should play this is to learn the struggles everyone can face, or to help pass on the message. You nasty learn something about yourself. But do not play this looking for a game. Please don't"
,Recommended,303210,18812157,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,-CORE-,A short game that profoundly makes you think on how we interpret games and how do we understand the person who is making the games.Very thought-provking with also several secrets which you can check at threads to find out if you haven't yet.Great game to play if you''re looking for something really different.Probably not for everyone out there but I thought it was really well made
76561198063325443,Recommended,303210,18826442,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bakura,Highly emotional and will really get you thinking
,Recommended,303210,18757625,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LordWill753,"The Beginner's Guide is a marvel of a game. Unlike the whimsical and ridiculous tone of the Stanley Parable, this game has a much more dark and personal storyline. I would go so much as to call it a journey. Digging into the mind of a game developer struggling to comprehend why a set of sporadic games were made made me realize just how powerful games can convey messages and meaning. I always knew that games leave emotional and personal marks on people after their first playthrough, but this was something else. Despite the small amount of content in the game and the lack of replayability, the story and the narration pack a punch from beginning to end, and anyone who appreciates the ideology of games or any sort of narrative journey should give this a try. Davey Wreden, you've manage to make me laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off and be on the brink of tears in your games, and I personally hope to see more from you in the future. There's a Coda for all of us somewhere Davey...I hope your friend returns to you.9/10 Would find the Lamppost again."
,Recommended,303210,19986657,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sheriff Narwhal,"This game is an experience. It is not good, it's not bad, it's an experience. The narrative is so powerful true or not. Saying anything about the game other than it's a fantastic experience is saying too much. Now, go click add to cart and play the game, it's beyond worth the time and money."
,Recommended,303210,19992738,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Major. Major Major Major,Nothing teaches you about yourself more than trying to understand someone else.
76561198095671444,Not Recommended,303210,20683741,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,efeuamsel,If this would be for free I would definitly say that i would enjoy it. But the core message of the game is that it is not created for me (the player). This game keeps telling me that the author created the game to make him feel better so why is he charging money. I was very dissapointed and felt like a friend who was listening to somebody talking his pain from his chest and then getting charged for it. And no the game just wasn't a experience nor was it really fun.
76561198197452570,Not Recommended,303210,20674740,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,mince,♥♥♥♥ off.
,Recommended,303210,20117506,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Big Biscuit Bernard,"Not many games take you on this kind of journey.  It's difficult putting it into words, but I feel like I have to try just to convince that person who may have been like myself on the edge to buy this, and maybe push them over that edge.  This game isn't long, it's not complex, difficult, or graphically gifted.  It's not a open world adventure game, or a frantic shooter that leaves you sweating.  What it is, is a COMPLETE game.  It has meaning and purpose and puts you through the story of another person, through another person.  It's an intersting concept, like reading a book that describes another book.  I don't know exactly how it works but it does, and it's beautiful.  This is a work of art and something about it makes it worth the money especially when it is on sale.  I feel like the developer of this game actually deserves the money that I paid for it, at least some of it.  For the first time, I feel connected to two game developers and can actually understand the people behind the games.10/10 for the experience10/10 for the soundtrack10/10 for the journeyBUY IT!"
,Recommended,303210,24151814,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pyrosalsa,"This game is one that I finished in 98 minutes. In just over an hour and a half, I learned something. Something indescribable. The human psyche and our own empathy folding in on itself is beautiful and terrifying. Please play it."
,Recommended,303210,20006311,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,iamninjoe,Best twist ending ever probably.
,Not Recommended,303210,21121332,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,chairbender,"First of all, I didn't find it to be really fun or enjoyable. I didn't hate my time with it, but I didn't feel like it was very worth it.The whole premise of the game doesn't really make sense to me. I get that one of the themes of this game is that it's more about the narrator than Coda, but I don't understand why the narrator, who is ostensibly the one who put together this narrated sequence of games, would come to some sort of sudden realization/psychological breakthrough or have a panic attack while he's recording the narration for the game but still leave it in the actual game. It makes one think that the narrator is actually just hamming it up for the game itself, so that the whole game actually ISN'T about the narrator's personal struggle. It leads one to conclude that the narrator is actually just putting on an act for the game, since they obviously aren't really having some sort of breakthrough or panic attack - if it really was some sort of psychological event they could've just re-recorded or edited that stuff out. The fact that the narrator chose to leave that stuff in the game should make you think that it's intentional on their part. It prevents you from really buying ANYTHING the narrator says, actually. Maybe there really isn't someone called Coda. Maybe he made all those crappy boring little non-games himself. The truth of it doesn't matter - my point is, when the game gets you starting to think on that level (which you realize by thinking about the circumstances in which the narrator must've created the game), the whole experience just starts to break down.I guess if you think about the entire game as a fabrication of the narrator, then the only thing it actually tells you anything about is the narrator himself - the fact that he structures the game in such a way and records the bits of dialogue that he does and things like that. But if you start analyzing it from that perspective, you're committing the same mistake that the narrator's character does in trying to understand Coda only by analyzing his games. The narrator clearly criticizes such behavior because the whole story seems to be about Coda being upset by Wreden doing just that. That little insight doesn't really make me appreciate the game. If I want to overanalyze something and think in circles around it, I don't need to spend 6 dollars to do so.So what am I supposed to get out of this game? The gameplay isn't fun. If you try to appreciate it for its base-level aesthetics - art, sound, gameplay, the 3d environment, etc...it's nothing to write home about. You're not supposed to try to figure anything out about the narrator because he says that's bad (as indicated by the story). As a whole, as a game there just isn't enjoyment, aesthetically or otherwise, to be found here. If that's what it set out to do, to play at being something that can be analyed at a deep level but ultimately criticize that sort of analysis and so end up inscrutable while not even being fun from a gameplay perspective, well, congratulations, but I didn't enjoy it. Maybe some people are sufficiently amused by the simple ""twist"" of the game ending up being about the narrator more so than Coda, but it didn't do anything for me. Certainly didn't do anything worth even 6 dollars. For 6 dollars I could read a damn book.Oh and one last thing: I also really disliked the song that plays during the credits. It strikes me as something that's just artificially trying to convey a sense of gravitas. ""Oh it's so dark, deep, and moody, though! The feeling conveyed by this song proves that the game must be deep and complex and very very important!"" No, screw that - there's plenty of topics much more important and dark then some game dev's neuroticism and social anxiety.  The singer's voice and lyrics were just grating to me and the whole thing felt cliched. I can't count the number of times I've heard moody vocals over a single strummed guitar in a minor key as an attempt to convey a sense of ""deepness"" and of being ""thought-provoking"". It reminds me of the sort of dull music that people who were learning guitar in high school were always writing and performing at every opportunity. Do something new.I'm of the perhaps uncontroversial opinion that games should be sufficiently enjoyable in some way. Sufficient enough to justify their cost. The only thing I found particularly enjoyable about this experience was writing this ill-conceived review."
,Recommended,303210,32809392,Posted: 26 June,all,halloween themed name or some sh,"Are you okay with short, 1.5 hour-long walking simulators? If so, then what are you waiting for? Go ahead and get this; you don't want any spoilers.If not, then this won't change your mind.This is a really vauge review, but you're gonna have to trust me on this. If you are interested, hop in with as least knowledge as possible."
,Recommended,303210,18286570,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Masem,"The Beginner's Guide takes all of the narration tricks that Davey Wreden has used for the standalone of the Stanley Parable and puts it atop a very personal story about game development and expectations.  It is an amazing feat of storytelling, and as many have said, its an unforgettable message.There's very little ""game"" here, it's a guided walking tour lasting for 90 minutes, for all purposes, and lacks the direct humor and surprise of Stanley.  But for any person interesting in how the independent developer, free of restrictions, thinks, this is an essential work.And I hope that the purpose that the game was made for (which you learn when you play it) comes to pass. It is that powerful of a story."
,Recommended,303210,18466651,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,gwwtbg,"This game is... an interesting experience. It's a series of small games, or excerpts of games, that unfold as you walk around while the narrator is talking about his relationship with the creator of the games and what the games might mean. It's difficult to say whether the game is good because that'll depend heavily on how much you can relate to what the narrator is describing. You definitely should not go in expecting something similar to The Stanley Parable. I'm not sure what you should expect. It's difficult to talk about this game. It's not ""fun."" But it's an interesting experience. It made me cry and it made me think. I liked it."
76561198018873842,Recommended,303210,18326491,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zleipzig222,"What we have here, is not a game, but an experience.The Beginner's Guide tells a tale, one i think every gamer and game designer should hear.Don't buy this expecting something ""fun"" like Stanley Parable, it's just not.Buy it expecting something more."
,Recommended,303210,33451971,Posted: 11 July,all,Bangledeschler,"I want to preface that this is not a game, as much as it is an experience with a story. Just as this review will not be as much a review as it is a tale of my personal experience. ~because honestly I don't know how to write a proper review for this game, it's something that just needs to be played to be deteremine~Through your time in this experience you are being led through various games made by an individual.  Slowly you begin having a conversation, one that you could never have with words, but by going through ones work and actions. Though, in a way it was like having a conversation with myself. I felt myself relating, and reflecting. I could see myself in this game, it no longer felt like I was moving the player, but rather experiencing pieces laid inside myself while following anothers story. My flaws, my plans, my hopes, my dreams, my failures and more... something that a player who plays this will experience the same way, and that's why I can't write a proper review.I couldn't write a proper review because all that I experienced above will be experienced differently by the other reviews on this page, by you.  So no this is not a game, and no this is not a review, this is an individual experience and I HIGHLY reccommend that you experience it too, because it'll be something that only you can really experience."
,Recommended,303210,21864259,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Quarex,"Well that was interesting.The kind of game where you say ""if that is non-fiction as claimed, then it is awful and should not be played.""Yet since it is assuredly a fictional tale disguised in the clever and insightful trappings of a non-fictional experience, I highly recommend it.  Even if it is indeed only barely a game in the traditional sense (perhaps moreso than Dear Esther, certainly less-so than the Telltale Games games)."
76561198002757060,Not Recommended,303210,18342129,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,iBurana,"It started off looking cool and something never seen before. Then it turned into the most boring walking simulator that just asks a bunch of questions without answering any. Any promise for closure or answers just floats away as you progress through the game. It's just riding on the success of The Stanley Parable, and isn't at the same level at all. It tries to talk about some serious stuff, but doesn't grasp anything real. It's just floating away.You could probably enjoy this if you enjoy interpreting things and filling in gaps in a story. This is just a one big gap for you to fill."
,Not Recommended,303210,18366479,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Skellious,"As a huge fan of The Stanley Parable, I was really excited to play this game. Sadly, it did not live up to expectations. I understood that this would be a mainly narrative experience and not feature much in the way of gameplay. but the narrative did not live up to what I was hoping for. It was an EXTREMELY short game, and there is no replayability. If this game is ever £1 then maybe it's worth it but you should consider it as renting a movie and for me this was not worth £5.59. I see what the dev was trying to accomplish but I don't think it was fully achieved. I wish I could speak more positively of this because I love the idea of exploring the gaming medium as art but this did not live up to expectations."
,Recommended,303210,32792838,Posted: 25 June,all,://sineater,"This game was amazing. I related to this gameverystrongly. I highlyhighlyrecommend this game. The story telling is amazing, its truly so ♥♥♥♥ing moving, it's so immersive, its just amazing all around. I havent played a game this satisfying story-wise in a while."
,Recommended,303210,29692153,Posted: 4 February,all,Celestia Vega,"As someone who has not playedThe Stanley Parable, I was genuinely curious if this game was worth it and I was delightfully surprised.I recommend this game to game developers specifically, as it truly hits home; however, the depth throughout every aspect ofThe Beginner's Guideis one I think the most damaged people can particularly identify with.While there are a plethora of diverse meanings and morals to this gem of a game, I think any knowledgable player can agree that it is worth every cent."
,Recommended,303210,33741122,Posted: 23 July,all,Proedrosgr,Pretty nice game!
76561197998178631,Recommended,303210,33682004,Posted: 20 July,all,AtOnYcK,"I cannot tell you guys what this game is about... mainly because I have no idea. Still, I'm glad I gave it a go. It is a narrated FPV story that takes 1,5-2 hours to finish. Of course, this isn't for everyone: it is first and foremost a walking simulator with a voice over.As an aspiring game developer I drew a lot of comfort from this game: it showed me that a game doesn't have an epic online multiplayer that takes years to make. It can be tiny, just a clever mechanic or interesting concept or surrounding, both gameplay as storywise. Side note: it may be from the same makers as The Stanley Parable, but this one is quite different in tone.Overall: I believe this game is a must if you yourself are a creator of any kind, and you might feel insecure about sharing whatever it is you've made with anyone, or if you know anyone you care about who struggles with these things."
76561198149765940,Recommended,303210,33839261,Posted: 27 July,all,Fachry Strife,you need game that different from any game you ever played? then this game is the answer :)
,Recommended,303210,20625838,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Gumi,"Anybody who has ever passionately tried to create something owes it to themselves to play this game. Whether it be game design or any other artistic venture, if you are a creator at heart and have acted on it, the story will reach you. It's perhaps more accurately described as an experience than a game. It took me about 84 minutes to complete being particularly thorough in what little exploration there was. The gameplay consists mostly of walking around and listening to a disembodied voice (oddly familiar...) The stages consist of unreleased experimental games that the narrator gives his thoughts on as you progress through them.The Beginner's Guide relies on reaching the player's thoughts and emotions. It's rare for something to reach me in that way on the same level that this did. If you end up not really feeling anything, you'll probably figure it was a waste of time. That's why I recommend this game only to people who have tried to create. It's not an experience that tries to cater to everybody, it's for more specific types of people. That's what makes it effective. Many things try to appeal to a large spectrum and end up not deeply speaking to anybody in particularly. When it's more focused, the people the messages do reach really hear it.If somebody puts their soul into their work and doesn't feel validated by other people's opinions, they can spiral. Is that wrong? Overdramatic? Vain? Whatever it is, it's human and it happens. Deep down, most people crave recognition for what they really care about doing. At the same time, people can be reluctant to share their work with others, even after all the time and effort they've put in. When they're sharing something they put their soul into creating, then it is like sharing a part of their soul. A lot of people are desperate to see more creative work they can identify with. Something they can see themselves in, feel something from.Immediately after playing this, for the first time in over a month, I actually went to work on my story... then after only 190 words I stopped. My creative energy is still held down. I still feel I don't have anyone recognising my work. At the same time, I'm afraid to show my work to too many people. However, even a brief time of having the creative energy return in some force is so rare these days and so precious. The game made me feel less lonely in what I was experiencing. I could see so many things I could really identify with. The simple thing of seeing something I'm experiencing reflected in someone else's creative work is reassuring. Knowing that on some level, I'm not entirely alone. Doing this so masterfully in such a short space of time is really impressive. Usually I criticise any storytelling medium that is not at least several hours in length due to not having enough time to develop character and emotion, yet this game did it better than most, in a length shorter than most modern movies.The game explores both creative fronts beautifully. The need, yet lack of energy, to create. The oftentimes needy desire to see a creative work that can be identified with, that a person can feel a real connection with. As a person familiar with both things, it's fortunate for me that the game addresses both as well as it does."
,Recommended,303210,23744751,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,equalist,"One of the best games i've played so far. Everybody will find a lesson for themselves in here. I never thought that i will be so touched by a game and it makes me think about my life and the choices i make. This game opened my eyes and I feel scared now that i see more things that i've never seen before, never realized before. I will replay the game and lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥again, because i recognized myself in every little word that was said in there. Level design is amazing, it inspires me to became an architect for some reason. Also, the sounds in the game really bringsthe atmosphere very well. I don't know if the whole story is real, but It's so original, i've never heard of anything like this before.Also, you can bhop in there, source engine.I wish i could erase my memory and play this game again.13/10"
76561198003242228,Recommended,303210,23796766,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Wilq,10/10 depression guaranteed-IGNonly two hours tho
,Recommended,303210,26736337,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,VesicalT,"So so so good. Cleverly written, fresh, and full of variety. The ending is powerful, rewarding, and subtly twisty."
,Recommended,303210,21188235,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Robeth,Fantastic.
,Recommended,303210,34186486,Posted: 12 August,all,C3K4-O,"This game is an emotional roller-coaster that will take you to the deepest level of the mind; creation. A display and analysis of many thoughts that are channelled into work. And how they change over time and events in real life.Do NOT think of this as a real ""game"" where there are specific goals or achievements. This project explains why every interactive work is not supposed to be consistently about entertainment; and how it can harm the way of creation. Think of this as a piece of art. A movie, if you like. But this is not a game. It is a form of communication, a way of expressing feelings.I would like to keep going, but anything said beyond this would ruin it. Just don't try to explore the games, try to explore the mind behind it. Try to observe the changes. I am sure you will find a piece of yourself in there."
76561197976028334,Not Recommended,303210,20718829,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Get Burned!,"The Beginner's Guide is an example of a classic sophomore slump. It's highly disappointing as it was made by the same guy as the brilliant The Stanley Parable. It's a walking simulator consisting of a string of seemingly randomly made levels made with the Source engine. There's a narrator that explains the fictional significance for the design of each level. There's a “twist” at the end that is completely unearned. Essentially, what this software does is tells a story and then at the end tells the audience that he lied about the details of the story and we're supposed to be shocked by the reveal. The story made absolutely no connection with me at all. It was a waste of 2 hours of my life. The genius of The Stanley Parable is that expertly deconstructs common mechanics of video games and challenges the player to reflect on why games are designed the way they are and why we, as the players, act the way we do in the game world. The Beginner's Guide is completely devoid of any of this. The Beginner's Guide seems like the developer had a bunch of unfinished attempts at creating game levels, cobbled them together and put some bullsh.t narration over it and called it a day. The developer has demonstrated that they are very talented and I hope this abortion was just a fluke."
,Not Recommended,303210,20546648,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wilhelm Screamer,This would probably resonate more with me if I was an artist.  Or if I had a desire to teach literary analysis.
76561197981352617,Recommended,303210,18587683,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nada,This is a deep and feely game. It reaches out and feels you up. Fingers your brain and pokes questions out of you. It's mainly about loneliness and being in the dark and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. It's fun.
,Recommended,303210,18564250,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,snivelak,"i thought the stanley parable was the logical conclusion to games about games, but this opens up a whole different perspective. a nice little properly emotive arty thing, far more unhinged than most other games, and never funny like the stanley parable. has a lot to say about the creative process across any medium. though i would like to see davey wreden try his hand at something that doesn't rely on being totally meta to get its message across. that said, for someone who's done it twice now he manages to do it about as well as you could hope."
,Recommended,303210,18599353,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,kritzabitza,"It's definitely NOTHING like The Stanley Parable, but I 100% recommend this game. It's not about gameplay and it's not about mechanics. This game is about thinking. The context and the dialogue that accompanies it is meant to inspire thought and discussion. I found the ending and the last half hour or so of gameplay pretty emotionally heavy and I'm still trying to process it. All introspective gamers should give this a shot."
,Recommended,303210,18560144,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Nyyx21,"Where to begin, where to begin... If only I had a guide for where to begin to describe this game.I watched my friend play this game the other day, and saw him sit, riveted to his seat, as he stared blankly at this oh so simple game. As he pulled off his headphones, he simply shook his head and told me to get the game.After it finished downloading, I sat down and began. It started out as a simple game, with Davey yet again weaving his subtle gaming magic into the dialogue.Little could I have known how deeply into my very soul these threads were being woven.The game took but a mere 84 minutes to complete, looking at all the content held within.But the game took a toll on my poor, suceptible heart. As I followed in my friend's path, and removed my headphones, I sat, weeping, in my chair. The Beginner's Guide brought into questioning every friendship, relationship, and familiial tie I have ever known, and shattered me to my core.On the simple topic of mechanics, it is a simple puzzle game, and by simple I mean it in the most literal sense of the word. You're truly playing this game for the experience, similar to playing the Stanley parable.Davey remains one of my favorite game designers, ever since his beautiful work on the Stanley Parable, and this game just goes to show that it's the simple things in life that hit us the hardest.P.S. Davey, I would like an apology for making me cry for a solid ten-twenty minutes."
76561198035260454,Recommended,303210,18387363,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ScarLegs,"Great game, really makes you think about what it means to know a person. About what creativity is. About how we tend to think we always know better....Only, I wouldn't say it's worth € 9.Should I reccomend it? Probably. The game is certainly worth your time. But is it worth it's price? Not in my book, sadly."
,Recommended,303210,18386780,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Daenou,"Like the Stanley Parable, this game is a uniqe experience to play. Don't expect anything from it, buy it, eat some chocolate, put headphones on and start playing. I can't tell you what's good and what's bad about it, because everyone experiences such a game differently. Have fun."
,Recommended,303210,19894008,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Big Boss,Went in with zero context. Expected somthing similar to the Stanley Parable. Instead got thought-provoking and poignant messages that went way further than I imagined.Woah.Go play it.
,Not Recommended,303210,26724910,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,hitler's lukewarm waffle,"I bought this on sale and I found it very short and kind of confusing. Although it is an interesting experience, I think it be better just to watch a Playthru on YouTube. Also I should've got a refund for this game Because my time was under steams require time and How long I own the game was also under steams required time. I Admit it Been a while Sense I played this before I wrote this review.Nov 20th 2016p.s. I did like the message at the end."
,Recommended,303210,28024385,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ryalseth,"I felt very unsettled at a certain point in this game, or narrative, or whatever you care to call it. As though I had undergone some trauma myself, possibly years in the past, and it hurt to even recall the event.I can't say if you, or anyone else will feel the same, but is an extraordinary thing to experience within this medium, and I don't think I will ever forget it."
76561197990611423,Recommended,303210,29707959,Posted: 4 February,all,Mettle Slime,"This game was not at all what I was expecting. $10 is a little steep, but it is worth money. There was a point in this that I had goosebumps. Very well written!"
76561198344203282,Recommended,303210,34012322,Posted: 4 August,all,Israfil,"This game is a stellar example of narrative in video games in my opinion. It feels really personal, like a friend talking to you directly, and in doing so it elicits some raw emotion from the player. Well, at least that's how my experience with the game went. All I can say without spoiling the game is that it's short, it will require an open mindset and is best played blind. An amazing experience that I recommend wholeheartedly."
,Not Recommended,303210,32860504,Posted: 27 June,all,penguin,"The game has an interesting story about passion and incentives and gives a bit of afterthought.However the execution does lack. For a story about an interactive medium the game simply isn't very interactive. Even though it's part of the concept that ""here's another part that is unsolvable"" the resolution of ""but I'll make it a bit more solvable"" really doesn't add to the interaction. In both cases we are mainly staring at things with a narrator in the ear."
,Recommended,303210,18410588,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Turion,Even though the game is very short the story of the game is pretty direct towards the player. I've recognized myself in certain parts of the story which made the game even more appealing to me.
76561198150605893,Recommended,303210,19024899,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,The Platinum Chip,I fell it would be disrespectful not to go in to this game blind.
,Not Recommended,303210,33563395,Posted: 15 July,all,Wingardium,"This is one of those ""experiences"" that can be likened to movies such as Funny Games and The Usual Suspects. A game that asks ""how can I understand the creator by playing his game"" and ""what does it say about me that I played it"". Like these movies, the audience of challenging media with a metanarrative can be split roughly into three groups:Those who found it enjoyable, enlightening, or at least positive.Those who found it repulsive, boring, and pretentious.Those who didn't get it at all and just left confused.For this title, like Funny Games, I fall into the second category. I hate to say this to the creator of the excellent Stanly Parable, but it's just not very well done. At no point was my belief suspended and forcing myself to play through it was a slog. All for a twist that is less enlightening and less enjoyable than Bioshock, in my opinion. To me, this matters becuase Bioshock was already an enjoyable game. The metanarrative twist as the cherry on top. This game has no additional aspects to bolster the weak premise.If you've never experienced a meta narrative of truth, maybe you will find this one interesting. However, there are far better experiences out there. Perhaps this is what Michael Haneke meant when he said ""Anyone who leaves the cinema doesn't need the film, and anybody who stays does."""
,Recommended,303210,22616051,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,longbeard180,Woah
,Recommended,303210,25500395,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,El Jenso,"Truly a game which should not be explained, but just perceived."
,Recommended,303210,26590353,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[DA] ZettaiRoren,"The Beginner's Guide isn't what it seems on the surface. What starts as a look into the mind of an indepedent, isolated game developer turns into a story of self-reflection and curiosity. If there was just one word to summize my feelings, it would be ""invigorating"".Towards the end of the game, you have some time to yourself (the player). You have to think of all that transpired, all that happened and wonder, ""Have I done this?"", ""Am I one guy or the other?"", or even ""What's next for me?"" This game -- while not a game in the traditional sense of the word -- is an eye-opening adventure that will get you to think about yourself and the implications of what this game has to offer.If you're like me, you'll empathize with both of the characters in this short, insightful piece behind the mind of the Stanley Parable."
,Recommended,303210,34826585,Posted: 8 September,all,Hesulan,"Set aside about 2 hours and just play it. An hour and a half to finish the game, and half an hour after that to let it all sink in. Avoid spoilers."
,Recommended,303210,24518012,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Goldi! Goldi! Goldi!,"While I certainly enjoyed ""The Stanley Parable"", I didn't celebrate it quite as much as others did, so I picked up ""The Beginner's Guide"" rather late. I had no idea what I signed up for.It probably depends very heavily on your individual persona as to whether or not the narration succeeds in addressing the right regions of your brain, exposing the most vulnerable emotions and memories tucked away there. But in case it does, this might very well be the most emotional experience you ever had inside a videogame. It is also one of the brightest examples of an emotional stimulation exclusively possible via this medium, which sounds odd given the game does not ask for much player input at all.I suggest playing through this in one sitting. Regardless of emotional impact, you will encounter a very clever walking simulator. On top of that, if you are lucky, you will be drawn into an unheard-of emotional ride leaving you restless for the day."
,Not Recommended,303210,26463627,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Banteris,"Something that shouldn't have been uploaded for sale, and not because the game is not necessarly a 'game' but more of a deep and all too-personal look inside someone's mind, against their wishes.If you're reading this review and have anxiety or depression, you may not want to purchase this or view any walkthroughs online, just fair warning. Davey has a lot of things to work on, if this IS indeed a real thing.If its fabricated, Davey did a damn good job of making me feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for being subject to the information in this.On the same note as the latter: If the game's objective was to make me feel awkward and uncomfortable: it worked. It succeeded in making me feel like I was actually looking into someones mind and personal work that no one else was supposed to be privvy to. In that regard, its a succeess. Not all stories have to have a happy ending and this one sure as hell doesnt.If 'Coda' is real and not just a multifaceted manifestation of Davey: Damn right it ain't your job to fix this guy."
,Not Recommended,303210,26481762,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Poitter,"Saying something has meaning does not magically ascribe it some deep meaningfullness, this game is boring and preachy, with sub par commantary, no humour, and in trying too hard to be artistic, fails on every level.This game is not fun, this game is not innovated, only buy this game if you are a teenage goth who has nothing better to do."
,Recommended,303210,25869830,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Brimst0ne,"This game... is something special. I don't quite know how to describe it. Similar to The Stanley Parable in only one way, where the experience is better the less you know about it before going in. Play this game, listen to the narration, interperit it however you like.Also, the music is fantastic, really adds to the mood for a few of the chapters.sidenote, it's been a year Davey, I really need the full cleaning game, like, alot."
,Recommended,303210,19448669,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Wesley,"If you're tired of the pretentious reviews that say nothing at all about the game and expect you to just take their word that it's good because they want to get a review with a lot of votes without actually having to write anything, then read on. I will actually tell you the basic premise of the game. If you're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who thinks absolutely nothing about the game at all should be 'spoiled,' even the vaguest sense of what it's about, then why are you reading reviews at all? Are you just looking for an excuse to complain? Stop being a jerk.Now that that's out of the way, I will describe what you will read in the following sections so that you can read as much or as little as you like, according to your tastes. The sections themselves will be covered by spoiler tags and prefaced by non-spoilered text indicating what they are. At no time will I discuss specific details of events in the game that I would consider actual spoilers.In the next section, I will describe the basic premise of the game and mention a vague surface theme. By the premise, I mean just a very basic description of the action of the game. It's something that you will learn in the very beginning when you first start playing and is in no way an Earth-shattering revelation. The theme I will discuss is very general and directly related to the premise. It's something you could likely work out on your own with no explanation from me at all.In the section following that, I will discuss some of the deeper themes presented in the game. While I will still avoid anything about specific events in the game, this part might reveal a little more than some people would want to know, and I would probably recommend that most people skip it. I include it primarily in the interest of those who still aren't sure if this game is for them even after reading the previous section. How much you get out of the experience depends a lot on whether these themes are something you can relate to. While I still enjoyed the game, it was not what I was expecting going in and I feel like I didn't get as much out of it as others and that my inability to relate was the main reason for this.Here is the section detailing the basic premiseThe game features a narrator who guides you through several short games made by a friend of his in Valve's Source engine. The relationship between the artist and his work is explored as you play through each one and the narrator explains the games and gives his interpretations.Now that I've actually typed it out and read it, I feel almost silly putting it in spoiler tags. You could just about get that from the trailer on the store page. However, I'll leave it as it is. Now we come to the part that actually sort of spoils some things. I would suggest you stop here if you haven't played the game yet. Proceed at your own peril.This section discusses major themes and may detract from your experience if you have not played the game yetWithout mentioning anything that occurs in-game specifically, this story focuses on dependent relationships in which one person becomes reliant upon another for their self-worth and self-image. It raises questions about the role of artists in relation to those who take an interest in their work, as well as their rights as they pertain to the the ultimate disposition of their work. It explores the reasons behind the artist's creations. It wrestles with questions that intrigue me, however, I felt like I was on the outside looking in, so to speak, because I couldn't relate to them from the angle that was presented. You are meant to see things from the perspective of the dependent party in the relationship rather than the one to whom they become attached, but this is not the role I have historically found myself in. You will get more out of the story if this applies to you to some degree.Ultimately, I think that this is something you will enjoy if you are at all interested in these kinds of storytelling 'games,' but your mileage may vary depending on your psychological makeup and personal history. I give it my approval, with some caveats."
,Recommended,303210,18422991,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mary-Kate Olsen,"Short, but very good and worth $10."
,Recommended,303210,18406187,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Aaron B,"Brilliant or Pretentious?""This game is unlike any I have ever played"". An over-used, hyperbolic statement that frequently appears in headlines and reviews for games that innovate in some meaningful way. We all roll our eyes when we read it being used yet again... however, I simply cannot think of any other way to describe this game.• Publisher: Everything Unlimited Ltd.• Developer: Everything Unlimited Ltd.• Platforms: PC (Reviewed)_________________________________I never played The Stanley Parable. Not because I wasn't interested, or because I didn't have time, but because I... just didn't play it. I realize now that was a huge mistake, and I missed out on a game I would have likely adored (it's on my wish list now!). However, I thankfully did not miss the boat for The Beginner's Guide. This time, I wasn't late to the party, and I have to say, from the feedback the game has gotten, I gather that this is a far more interesting party. This is not to say Davey Wreden's ""The Beginner's Guide"" is a better game than The Stanley Parable, but a much more interesting one; primarily because of the conversations it has started.Understand that what I can write here is very limited. To tell you about the game, it's premise, and story would be to spoil the entire experience. Instead, I want to tell you the impact the game had on me.I started out genuinely intrigued. The game begins on a very fun note, almost like you're hanging out with a friend as he makes a game. Towards the middle of the hour and a half experience, the game almost got a tear out of me. It touched me on a very emotional level, and had me deeply invested. Then towards the end, I became worried, and ultimately angry. I thought about writing a review right then and there, but to do that I feel, would have colored the review in an unfair way; so I decided to wait until the end of the day.I'm ultimately glad I did. I realize that what angered me initially actually impressed and satisfied me in the end. This is a game I immediately wanted to share with my friends; to see how they'd react. I even thought about having my parent (who does not enjoy games) have a go at it. It's a game that makes you think, feel, and reflect; when's the last time any AAA, or even an indie game made you do that? Journey was the last game that resonated with me in such a way, but in The Beginner's Guide, the emotional impact is more explicit.The Beginner's Guide is a very philosophical experience. One that tackles heavy topics like ""What makes us motivated to do the things we do? How do our actions influence other's actions? Why do we not pursue our dreams like we know we should?"". It's heavy stuff for sure, and it pushes the boundaries of what games can do, and the kinds of stories they can tell.Conclusion:When I was in the middle of the game, I was prepared to give this title my ""Game of the Year"" award. Yes; even beating out MGSV, Bloodborne, and Arkham Knight. Upon completing it, I've chilled the hell out about it, and even after my initial anger, I still consider it a contender. Some people have reviewed the game calling it pretentious, self-indulgent trash, while others have praised it for obliterating the lines between games and art (it made Jim Sterling write an emotional biography about his childhood for Christ's sake!).I think both of those sentiments have some merit. It's a game you'll likely come away either loving or hating. I did both myself, and that's ultimately a part of why I like it so much in hindsight. I'm a guy who typically avoids ""Walking Simulators"" and I can say with certainty, I've never been on the edge of my seat like I was playing this in ANY shooter or action game. What Mr. Wreden has done here is infinitely intriguing to me, and I hope he continues to challenge us like this. It's not your typical game, and that's what makes it so special.Arbitrary Scoring:• Story: 8• Gameplay: N/A• Presentation: 10-------------------• Overall: 9/10"
76561198007257360,Not Recommended,303210,18419736,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Bumbl3b33,I found this game very tedious.
,Recommended,303210,18423502,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pixelcoin,"We all add meaning to things, when there is none. Life is empty and meaningless, and even that is empty and meaningless. At the same time, it's meaning that colours life. So choose what meaning you want to add. Choose if you want to think of yourself as having poisoned someone... or choose that you have set them free. Pick one. I pick the empowering one."
,Recommended,303210,25546818,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The_Furious_Man,Another title that's better the less you know about it
,Not Recommended,303210,26593186,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mr. Wallet,"It's one of those ""full of itself"" artsy games. You know, the kind that is stuffed with Death of the Author the way a turkey is stuffed at thanksgiving. Basically it's like The Stanley Parable but instead of funny it's like a Modernist painting. The narration is pretty nice, but besides that it's just kind of draining.I used 90 minutes of my life on this and while I've certainly had worse uses of my time, I'd really have rather watched a random film suggestion on Netflix."
76561198033540750,Not Recommended,303210,33361476,Posted: 7 July,all,Angry Cookie,"Ok it's been a while since I played this game.  I wasn't sure what to think of it initially.After leaving some time to digest, I would allegorise the experience like this:  You walk into a store with a friend. While you are browsing they ask you to let them know if anyone is coming.  Thinking they need a private moment, you agree.  Then, jogging past you, they say “I stuffed my pockets with chocolates” and run out of the store without paying, making you an accomplice in their crime.  To make matters worse they get you to agree to protect them because the chocolates are for starving children.  BUT then you discover there are no starving children!  Worse there were not even any chocolates!  All you are left with is your real complicity in an unreal crime.  But wait there’s more… you pay money for the experience!On the positive side it is clever, perceptive and emotionally powerful.  However I did not find it inspirational.Perhaps it is really just the subject matter and introverted perspective that lets the game down or, perhaps the author just takes your money and slaps you in the face.  I don’t know the answer to that question.I would give it a neutral review if it was available."
,Recommended,303210,20293878,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Invicto,This one is not for everyone.
,Not Recommended,303210,27374543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedWormCharlie,"I hate the fact that the narrator keeps calling what they are guiding you through is as games. They are not games, they are maps, made for source by someone screwing around. There is no deep meaning, and this guy being so self absorbed makes it more than it is. It's wierd, really, really, wierd.If it's a true story, I feel sorry for the guy who made it to try and get his friend back. If it's not a true story, it's decent music with a decent sob story based on top of REALLY crappy maps with bad designs that are made up of a whole bunch of source prefabs. Hot garbage on a stick is prettier.I've said too much, but maybe I feel the need to since I wasted $10 on crap. Luckily I played this while watching NFL football and downloading DOOM. I'm going to go play DOOM now, it's a real game, with real fun, and not some pretentious self loathing hot butt sludge dressed up in a sob story.THEY ARE NOT GAMES! THEY ARE MAPS! Seriously, EF THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,303210,18286203,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gbay99,"Read as little as possible when deciding to purchase this game. If you are a creator in any sense of the word you will enjoy it. Don't let other reviews or comments spoil any aspect of this. Much like The Stanley Parable it's best to go in not knowing what to expect, so take the word of either myself or one of the many other positive reviews here and buy it. Take a leap of faith and start a brief, yet incredibly intriguing journey that no other video game can offer."
,Not Recommended,303210,18417253,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Drkirby,"Honestly did not enjoy. Its an artsy walking simulator, open to interpitation as to what message its trying to communcate. But not a very good one IMO."
,Recommended,303210,24150949,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Geforce,"This is amazing. Throughout the game, you will mostly be walking or occasionally pressing levers and other small things like that, but the story this game tells is incredible, and sad at the same time...Buy it."
76561198091201646,Not Recommended,303210,21828724,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,raiderbbc,Terrible game
,Recommended,303210,25854772,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kranklafan,"A really touching walking simulator, with great soundtrack, good story and really interesting enviroments. Although it's only ~ 1.5 hours long i really enjoyed it and would recommend it to everyone who's looking for a narrativ heavy walking simulator"
,Not Recommended,303210,29945783,Posted: 15 February,all,Jagged,"After playing this game, I'm not still not quite sure what the creator intended us to feel despite being told how to feel the entire length of the game.I personally loved the Stanley Parable but cannot recommend this ""game"" to anyone.  I just don't get it.  If you're curious, it might be worth it on sale for less than $5."
,Recommended,303210,18700949,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Enot,"To be honest, I didn't like this game.And I came to a conclusion it's all made up.There's no real Coda. And I felt betrayed when I realized this.Because at first it felt like I'm exploring someone else's mind, like narrator was saying.But once magic disappears it becomes just a pile of rubbish.And it would've felt so much better if you could just shut up when you're asked to do so.But to be honest, I must recommend this game. It's a unique experience."
,Recommended,303210,18300001,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Londerpass,"""The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game for Mac and PC. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.""This is a description of the game on official website. Make sure that you want to spend 8$ playing only 1.3hours! also, make sure that you are ready to face a real time gamebased daram-movie. And the last thing.. Make sure you are reade to feel depressed after finishing this game. You will be depressed and you will think about the life for about the rest of the day.Are you ready?Ok, let's do it!Let's find out if you right..."
,Not Recommended,303210,27690202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyclonus,"Stanley Parable was interesting, this is self-absorbed dreck."
,Recommended,303210,18314819,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"The Beginner's Guide is a surreal and immersive narrative about Davey Wreden's (Stanley Parable) developer friend, and why he retired. The way the game takes full advantage of what a medium like video games have to present is interesting, and smart.So let me get this out of the way first and for most ""Hold W to game"". That's it. It's even less ""gamey"" than the Stanley Parable. I want people to understand this before even considering the Beginner's Guide. There's no mechanics, there's no real choice, it's very much a linear hour and a half trip being lead by Davey Wreden as the narrator. With that said, The Beginner's Guide really can't be told in any other form than through a video game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weoOVydw31kSince the story is about Davey's developer friend, it takes you on an interactive tour through his friend's past games and levels. The game's aesthetics and concepts progressively get better and complex over time. The game is also very forth wall breaking, immersing the player into the narrative as a character in this story itself. Davey will often make reference to you, as you play through the game. It's a surreal experience, and it certainly breaks all sorts of video game norms.If you're looking for a unique experience or just like really well told stories, The Beginner's Guide is an easy recommendation. However, if you're looking for a game, even for an off beat game, The Beginner's Guide might disappoint. As mentioned above, there's really no mechanics to speak of, other than hold W to game. In Gone Home you have to look for keys and can interact with objects all around. In The Stanley Parable you have a pseudo fail state and an Easter egg hunt for all the endings. Even in most other ""Walking Simulators"" you have some kind of puzzle, or obstacle along the way. Not in The Beginner's Guide. There's only 1 puzzle in the game, and that's solely there as a story element. There are dialogue choices to be made, but they have no significant (or any) effect on your game. It's very much a guided tour through an interactive narrative. It's also relatively short at an hour and a half (I finished it at exactly 91 minutes). But if you're able to focus on the quality of the experience the game tries to deliver, and willing to let go your previous conceptions of what to expect from a video game, The Beginner's Guide is top shelf material.Overall The Beginner's Guide is a story that could only be told through a video game, yet ironically is one of the least ""gamiest"" game I've ever played. The story is surreal, immersive, and certainly something to be experienced for fans of great narratives, but the title of ""video game"" will be controversial to some on this one.Pros:- Amazing Story- Good use of the medium- Surreal and immersiveCons:- Hold ""W"" to Game- Less incentive to replay than The Stanley Parable"
,Recommended,303210,18312774,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,"I've been sitting here, trying to write anything that can constitue even a sentence of a decent review of this game for... quite some time. But, frankly, anything I do say will be a disservice to the game, Davey, and myself. Please, if you value abstract notions of human emotion and interaction; and if you've ever experienced any kind of anxiety - do yourself the immeasureable favour of experiencing this game."
76561198155564869,Not Recommended,303210,29025631,Posted: 4 January,all,jannay15,"To start off on a good note, this game is sui generis, kind of special treat for people in a particular mood - at least, that's what I gathered from reading other reviews.On the less positive side, it might strike a chord with your heart if you're super depressed or in a state of soul searching, but on the whole, what springs to mind is a pedestrian performance - though, it is called the Beginner's Guide, after all. Might the case of caveat emptor.Getting down to the actual gaming characteristics - it conjures up the image of a cross between an audiobook and a game walkthrough, where, instead of watching a video, you're actually guided through the game by a voice.All the puzzles, well, in fact, the only puzzle, is an absolute cinch, but of course it is not supposed to be anything complex as you're being taken on an emotional journey down the gaming lane. You walk through a maze of feelings and moods and states represented by various structures and places. The graphics are nice, to pay the game its due, in their own style, some visual images are little short of breathtaking.However, the whole experience feels like doing nothing but following the narrator's voice, who shows you, so to speak, the inner sanctum of a game maker through the world of his games - but it all feels like you've seen and read it before, like an attempt at going Freudian and then having an inevitable and rather expected psychological analysis volte face.One could argue that there's good narration topped off with some epiphanies to this game - but it seemed just like one more story of this kind to me, I didn't feel involved - again, you can argue you're supposed to be  a spectator only.Not something down my alley - and I generally love the alternative type of games.Could be a 2-hour killer, a bit soothing, no strain involved but I honestly can't find the reason why."
,Recommended,303210,18282155,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Very, very powerful work.Another great example of how video games can be moving, compelling, art.I mean is this a true frickin' story or what?!?Well worth the admission ticket. This will stick with me for a long while.No pros, no cons. Just one heck of a moving story.Thank you Coda.No question, this is a great experience for video game lovers."
,Recommended,303210,18344041,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Razoric,"As a game dev hobbyist, I can totally relate to this game.  Cool idea, great execution."
,Recommended,303210,18310989,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Skinny,Wow.
76561197961733750,Not Recommended,303210,18292724,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,F B Kingsley,I won't say it's a terrible game.. because I cannot honestly call it a game.
,Recommended,303210,18299705,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The Degenerate,"This is Modern Art.Spend your money on a game that is, honestly, life changing. It is worth it.I'm not going to say anything else, the description of the game says it all.Please, buy this game."
,Recommended,303210,18296795,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bluestar,Gameplay:Pros:-Made me think about story once game was over-Interesting experience-Pretty sad/depressing story (Unlike Stanley Parable) but still goodCons:-Pretty short (Max playtime you can get out of it is around 2 hours 30 minutes. For regular person ~1 hour 30 minutes)Story:Story is about how Davey/Developer (Coda in game) feels after releasing Stanley Parable.
,Recommended,303210,18279634,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,supercrazy,So that's how you top Stanley Parable. Mindblowing.
,Not Recommended,303210,18420588,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,♣TadMod♣,"SPOILERS:There are one of two scenarios here:1.) Davey Wredon made this game in its entirety and constructed a fairly self-congratulatory narrative that seems desperate to appear deep. A few interesting moments, but otherwise a ""dear diary"" walking simulator that provides little engagement, and even less entertainment.2.) Davey Wredon knowingly violated the copyright and wishes of another developer and released it as a commercial product without their consent.In the first case, my recommendation for this game would be a ""maybe"" veering on ""no"". In the second case, my recommendation would be that this game deserves no credit, should be removed from Steam and an apology made."
,Not Recommended,303210,19895488,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RungoIron,"You know those Indie movies that never interested you, but everyone kept saying ""Trust me just watch it"", then you finally gave in, but then 90 min later you just sat there and thought ""What the !*$^ did I just watch???Yea so they have games like that now...First Steam refund request(luckily it's under two hours of gameplay)"
,Recommended,303210,18298332,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cacozelian,A game which does a thing very well.
76561198069463818,Recommended,303210,18402745,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,childishouse,"I highly recommend this game, it's an amazing game on the emotional front, I beat the game a couple of hours ago and I'm still amazed. Not to mention the soundtrack, which just adds to the emotional factor of the game. Simply put, The Beginner's Guide is a monumental title. It will always stick with me."
,Recommended,303210,18332809,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,litgeek,One of the most thought-provoking experiences I have ever had. Just get it. It is something that only you can really truly experience.
,Recommended,303210,26468522,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,vitinho,"Just amazing. It redefined for me what a game can actually be, in terms of narrative, message, purpose..."
,Recommended,303210,19162278,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DinosaurSharkz,"As most of us can relate to the emotions in this game, play it to interpret them for yourself, as a review won't help. I couldn't help but disagree with the author, but symbolism and characters showed that he couldn't help but disagree with himself. It could also be taken as the latter depending on who you are and your view on life. The graphics aren't that good, but it's part of what makes the game good. That will only make sense if you play the game.My view is irrelavent on this and I would consider it a beautiful piece of art, just play the game for yourself.Who or what is spoken of in this game can be determined by your mind and seen differently in others. It's a game of critical thought that will make you delve into things. You're better off just playing than reading reviews."
76561198302247320,Recommended,303210,30579616,Posted: 17 March,all,That Fellow,"I loved this game it made me really think. I think this game was really emotional. I thought a lot of things buts all of them were wrong. I really recomend this game and I hope they make more like it. Best wishes for future products, i love your games, and thanks for the great experience!"
,Recommended,303210,30569004,Posted: 17 March,all,wiltaprizes,"Quite the adventure, rather good!"
,Recommended,303210,30533147,Posted: 15 March,all,A Slightly Disappointed Badger,This game is a masterclass in what people descrice as 'Walking Simulators'. It puts you in an interesting environment and invites you to explore as the narrator tells you a very well written story. It doesn't rush you or punish you for taking detours to investigate the map. It has also managed to perfect the ending with a mix between interpretation and closure. It gives you the facts of the story but two people who play the game could still have different perspectives of the result. It is head and shoulders over games like 'Gone Home' and 'Everybody's Gone To The Rapture' and I would seriously recommend this game to anyon who has an hour to spare.
,Recommended,303210,18783718,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Duyo,"The Beginner's Guide hit me on a very personal level. It is as people would call it a ""Walking Simulator"", but I feel it does ""Walking"" alot better than other games of the sort. I played this through in one sitting, and even though it was short The Beginner's Guide never felt lacking to me. It is not as open-ended as something like the Stanely Parable, but I feel one playthrough is perfect for this game. It does something I feel is very hard to accomplish in any other game, describing human emotions. Both the characters feel fully fleshed out, and both feel like real people. By the end of the game you will be assesing yourself. But trust me it's better to know as little as possible going into this, and I can reccomend this to anyone who is looking for a gripping story with great characters. You won't be dissapointed if you buy this game."
76561198042244402,Recommended,303210,18345518,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,micahmanyea,"This game is a successor to The Stanley Parable. This game takes from The Stanley Parable, but is a massive step up in maturity, keeping in mind The Stanley Parable is already a pretty mature game. This game has affected me more in less than two hours than any game has ever. Absolutely amazing."
76561197993106847,Recommended,303210,18334587,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dodechotomy,Read nothing about this game. And play it.
,Recommended,303210,19285414,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,익스트림러쉬빌런,Playing this game is like taking a two long hour trip on a feeltrain.
,Recommended,303210,18281289,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Almostanyone24,"It is very hard to review these kinds of games because there is, admittedly, very little to measure them on. Is it a walking simulator? Quite possibly. Is it for everyone? Absolutely not. That's the wonderful thing about The Beginner's Guide. It's different, and it is definitely a game that you would see more as an experience than something you really participate in.In the terms of the narration it showcases some really neat things in it's presentation, some of which can really open your mind to new ideas. The narration is easy to follow and it's something you will want to listen to. It's engaging and deep. For a product that openly advertises itself as not including standard game mechanics or goals, it is just that. That is the only expectation you should go in with.It's absolutely a game I will need to ponder for a little while, and that's a good thing, as a creative person, I find value in what this game explores. Not everyone will, and that's okay.Similar to everyone else's reviews, I don't want to spoil anything. However, in likeness to other people's reviews, I will say that if you are a game developer, or even a creative person, a musician, an artist, a filmmaker, or anyone who makes content for people to consume in any way, this will likely appeal more to you. This isn't something I would be putting onto a 'game of the year' list, it's simply an experience worth experiencing. Go into it with an open mind. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,19320581,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nanobot,"If you start the game expecting another Stanley Parable, be warned: This game is differentA good kind of different.It short, about two hours, but those two hours are well worth their money!Be prepared for a game that has virtually no difficulty built into it, just lots of food for thought."
,Recommended,303210,19356067,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Faiithe,"This game is immensely and ridiculously depressing. It will make you uncomfortable, lonely and sad all at the same time, that I had to shut the game for a few minutes and drink tea and try not to think about the low moments in my life. I could only finish the game for curiousity purposes (because if I wasn't curious, I would not have come back because that is just how terribly difficult that game hit me) because it was that difficult to listen about this person's life. I would recommend it to stone hearted people (and I know there are gamers out there that are like that), but if you've got some problems in your life, you'll find it difficult to go through these games without feeling like you want to throw up..."
76561198097976023,Recommended,303210,19346707,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,seb_as_tian,"10/10 ratingThis is one of the best game I have ever played. So much so that I am reluctant to call it a game, it is moe of an experience. The storyline is gripping, emotional and intriguing. It really makes you wanting more of it when the end arrives. The ending, although leaving some questions unanswered, is perfect for the game. Honestly, if i could recommend one game to you, it would be this one."
,Recommended,303210,18299987,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MajorArtifact,"A beautiful piece about creation, creators, and what it means to be a human. There isn't much else to say... buy it."
76561198083051609,Recommended,303210,19376051,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jib the Jab,Get this. It takes about two hours to play. Just get it.
76561198002585198,Recommended,303210,19341774,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,drawingturtuga,"I believe you can get somthing to benifit you from any expereince you have. I also believe that 'that somthing' is the same as somthing as a another expereince you already had.Message in this game is nothing new, but presented in a fashion that can relate to you in this media and format. You might get somthing out of it or understand somthing if you are aligned at the time.- Everything ran smoothly just like Stanley Parable. very simple with heavy focus on a misguided expectation story. You can use the saying ""good initiative, bad judgement"" to sum things up.- I would say it was worth purchasing at full $10 price for the experenice if you can spare it... the fact it was on sale was a bonus.- you can finish this in about hour and a half or so. not much replay value if any, unless you search for further understanding."
76561198047840065,Recommended,303210,19505743,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,hvideon,The game made me angry in the end because I figured out the whole story was actually a lie in order to induce people into an emotional state. The character we are discovering is a gamble to say wether he actually exists outside of the game creator's mind. I would've preferred another Stanley Parable than this. I did play it twice to recheck and collect my ideas on it. Oddly enough I still enjoyed playing it out. Creating a fake idea and calling it something real was a part of the fake story so good job.
,Recommended,303210,19718652,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,sway,"Best game I have ever played. Buy this now, dont watch any videos on this, just buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18405167,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TheSwegwayPolice,"This game...I bought it cause i decided to drop a little money. I wanted to feel good, and i thought it would be funny, since it's made by the creators of Stanley Parable.But I've just finished it, and i wish nothing more on this earth than to forget it.Such a beautiful game, and i want to cry over it.I highly reccomend this game to anyone who is having a hard time, or anyone who is trouble with the way they are.This is truly art."
76561198003252356,Recommended,303210,19131920,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Conal,A work of art created in the medium of a video game.  I love it.Thank you.
76561198177376478,Recommended,303210,19136134,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,-==NEO.NET*asT==-,Gives you a lot to think about. Gonna play it again.Recommended!
,Recommended,303210,19426414,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pigs760,"In a word... Beautiful. The Beginner's Guide is not The Stanley Parable. Some people don't like it soley because of that fact. Others say it isn't worth the $10. For me, the heart warming sensation I get when I play this game is worth far more than $10. I take away something new from this game every time I play it. It is brilliant. And just like The Stanley Parable, it's unlike any game I've ever played before. In conclusion, I reccomend this game to everyone I know and anyone reading this. It's definitely worth a play.Great job Davey, you nailed another one!"
,Recommended,303210,18407347,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,wheatleyco,This is the reason I play games to find such hidden gems. I have been playing games since the past 15 years and I have got bored with the usual mechanics in games and now only play 1-2 games per year or none until I get hold of games like this. This is pure art to be experienced. Games like the stanley parable make me want to reenter the gaming world and experience the joy of playing games. Kudos to the developer. Hope to see more games like these. Take the plunge and experience this masterpiece.
,Recommended,303210,28432586,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Raptor,A true masterpiece of video games and an example of the artistic side of them.10/10
,Recommended,303210,20184064,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LivingAutoMode,Who's ready for a feel trip?
76561198063889592,Recommended,303210,19922188,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A Dangerous Driver,"8.5/10Short reviewPros:- I felt confused, intrigued, heart-warmed, entertained, lonely, depressed, betrayed, and pityful while playing. I practically felt everything- Amazing atmosphere, you could honestly just take a screenshot during most of the gameplay and set it as a wallpaper.Cons:- Not really a game, more of a story, or an interactible movie.- Leaves a mute/bitter taste in your mouth, and you will be feeling pretty depressed and empty through a majority of the game. Especially towards the end. (although that's probably intended)- Some may think $10 (or $6 because of the sale) is a bit much for about 1.5 hours of story. I felt it was worth it.Long ReviewThis isn't a game. You don't shoot through hordes of aliens, or survive in an open world sandbox, or capture a flag, or build a city. It's a story. I'm afraid to elaborate on it, because every detail given away will detract from the experience, I highly recommend going in completely cold.That being said, it's a rather emotionally daunting experience. This game made me feel so many different emotions I didn't know I could feel from simply pressing W, A, S, and D while listening to someone talk. I think thisgamestory has elicited almost every emotion humanly possible out of me, in less than two hours of gameplay coupled with amazing atmosphere. The extent to which I felt those feelings? Not much, I mostly felt depressed and empty. I covered all 360 degrees of human emotion, but just barely.From a completely objective point of view, is this worth $10 (or the $6 that I got it for on sale)? Eh. It depends. If you really want something to be entertained by, something to replay for hundreds (or even dozens) of hours, don't look here. Play TF2, or CSGO. This is just a captivating experience with a small paywall. I for one do not regret putting those $6 in for that ""feels trip""."
,Recommended,303210,23904121,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,limE :>,"I have no words, sorry. You have to play this game for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,27439527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GeneralJ (Jason),"I don't know how to describe The Beginners Guide. It is an interactive story that takes roughly an hour and a half to complete. During this journey I was not only engaged, but was almost brought to tears, and felt completely overwhelemed to the point where it was a struggle to get through. The use of game audio and narration makes this experience one that I struggled to get through, due to the power behind it.I cannot write anything more about this experience, as I only just completed it and I am struggling to find the best words for it,"
,Recommended,303210,20135233,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RHBIV,Don't miss this game. It's something special.
,Recommended,303210,18439452,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PleaseExpectBear,"This is a short game, but it makes excellent use of every single minute. In essence, it is about a person. The person may or may not have something wrong with them. Don't watch a play-through of this game, it is so deep that if you have played it once or have had it spoiled for you in the slightest the experience is ruined. It's only $10, buy it."
76561198053713649,Recommended,303210,24249428,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,"Bees, Memes, & Dreams ( •̛ᴗ•̛`)/","Hard-hitting and powerful stuff, honestly this is probably the only place you'll find a narrative like this. It uses the medium to its advantage and brings loads of insight into not only game development but also how we judge others through what they create. It's a unique experience that you won't be able to shake off for the next few weeks. Though it's short, it really is the essence of ""video games are art"" and for me is worth full price.That being said it is pretty much a ""walking simulator"" but if that doesn't deter you then this is definitely worth checking out. I'd say even if you're against ""walking simulators"" you should give this a shot because more than anything this game is about the narrative. More of an interactive movie experience if you'd want to think of it that way."
,Recommended,303210,19045513,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,RustedPork,Something to hold onto.
,Recommended,303210,19948287,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,King Cheg,"You probably won't be the same afterwards.It really gets you thinking.No one is prepared for this experience.Because the moment you think you know.You don't.The word ""Validation"" has never stung quite as much.It's less than 2 hours. You can get it, finish, and refund if you like.But by the time you finish, you'll probably want to keep it."
76561198047160140,Recommended,303210,18939848,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jimmy McNulty,"I've played,read or watched so many things but trust me,this is the most deeply personal♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played.Not a game,not a movie,not an interactive fiction.This is the human mind in codes."
,Recommended,303210,23692407,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Avaruuskuutti,"If you want feels, play it. 5/5."
76561198039421142,Recommended,303210,23682503,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jay,"Well done game, gets very deep."
76561198199126854,Recommended,303210,23988149,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"Luleh, Devourer of Gods",This is an amazing game with an incredible story that blows your mind. The game has a cozy artstyle with a simple engine. I reccomend this game to anyone who want something to think about the rest of your day. 10 buffalowings out of 10!
,Not Recommended,303210,18419203,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,OpCode90,I just didn't like it. The Stanley Parable had a great narrative and a devious mind. This just feels... cheap and emotionally dissonant; I was still expecting the game to 'start' when it ended.
,Recommended,303210,20437404,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,"Mike ""hang the homos"" Pence","Now, I normally don't write reviews cause they're ♥♥♥♥ing boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this game really touched my heart in a toally straight way. First off, this is not like any traditional video game, it has little reply vaule which is one of its down sides, but other than that is a great game with not many flaws. This game simply tells a story which can be perceived in many different ways. And that's all there is to it, no objectives, no real gameplay, it's pretty much just a walking simulator that wants to tell a story. But it does it in a way that makes it entertaining, I really do hope to see more games like this in the future."
76561198084052484,Recommended,303210,20015088,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheGildedFunk,This game makes you go through so many emotions while being so simple. I could clean the house for hours because I just want to feel the same way again T.T
,Recommended,303210,20238771,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cloudwolfe,"A young man goes on a homoerotic journey of self discovery within a world of video games in search of his lost friend.I try to say funny things becuase I can't deal with the feels. 9/10, a game that moves you. Just not sure about the price tag."
,Recommended,303210,20095032,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,j-draper,"I thought the Stanley Parable was a good game, but this. THIS. is great. The writing is just superb. Finally, we are beginning to see video games rise to the level of art."
76561198256441800,Recommended,303210,18720520,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,samuelharding5,"‘The Beginner's Guide’ is a remarkable, deceptive and touchily deep creation that achieves ultra-realism with minimalist graphics and game-play. This is the consummate showcase of the mediums capabilities; it’s the unquestionable proof that videogames are capable of delivering substantial thought provoking experiences.Not only that, but it acts to demonstrate the power of human creativity, and the effects imposed on those fine minds that reluctantly persist with their craft; across all mediums of creation.‘The Beginner’s Guide’ deserves to be analysed for years to come."
76561198145153093,Recommended,303210,20671367,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Just_Bad,"Most Real Game I've Ever PlayedNot a funny, clever game like the Stanley Parable.You as a player do very little other than hold W and observe.It's not so much a game as it is a long, heart-felt talk with someone.You explore interesting maps and listen to the story of a person trying to help and understand his friend.It isn't for everyone, and it wasn't what I expected, but I enjoyed it in a different sort of way.#CODACOMEBACK"
76561198068806335,Recommended,303210,20981671,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,frogprincess_q4,"It's hard to know exactly how I feel about this game. It's an interesting peek into the creative mind and mental illness, but at the end of the game I felt like ""what just Real Life happened?""The game revolves around the premise of Stanley Parable creator Davey, exploring the work of his friend Coda and we get to explore that work alongside him as he narrates and manipulates the world-spaces for us to psychologically analyse together. At times this is uncomfortably intimate and by the end I felt the need to go online for fan theories about what happened and I have accepted a particular conclusion that makes sense, but you will likely never get an official answer. I DO NOT recommend hunting out fan theories before playing the game. It's a short game and you will spoil it for yourself if you are inclined to try it.Recommended? Not sure.Thought provoking - yesAmusing - noFun to play - noAm I still thinking about it - yesLamppost7/10"
,Recommended,303210,20969447,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Awsomonium,This is the most beautiful and terrible thing I have played. This game touched me so deeply and I can't work out why. Please play it.
76561198010933023,Recommended,303210,20944311,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ciceqi,"Wow.  Just...wow.  I don't think I've ever had such an emotional response to a game that didn't involve a 70-hour playthrough and the death of a beloved NPC.  This thing leads you down so many true and false paths in all the best ways, with a pacing that's just phenomenal.  At the point where real dread creeps in, it just snowballs and carries you along to a conclusion that's a real gut-punch.  It's amazing.But more than that, there are so many places where I identified with this game, and there are so many friends I want to give this game to, but only if I sit them down for half an hour first and make sure they're in a good mental place for it before they play.  If you are a creative person of any stripe, there will be something in here that speaks to you, and I haven't quite worked out yet whether that's ironic or not.So.  Fascinating and twisty premise, incredible use of music/sound effects, really great voice acting, and emotional impact like a brick to the head.  I absolutely recommend it; just be aware that it will tear you up and spit you out, so have a cat, a fuzzy blanket and some hot chocolate on hand for triage."
76561197968142492,Recommended,303210,21138064,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,immatureWhisky,"I've not written any game reviews on Steam before, but i've just finished The Beginner's Guide and felt like I had to write something.Ultimately, would I recommend the game? Yes, and its cheap enough that its a worthwhile additon to your collection.Sit down and play it in one sitting, without interuption, don't pause it, don't save it for later, just sit down and play it.The Beginner's Guide is a very clever look at how an outside perspective can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ise the original intention, I've had a few rare moments playing games where i've been moved or made to think about things, but this game did it.If anyone ever has the discussion of 'are video games art?', put them infront of this game and you will never hear the argument again.I probably won't play this through again myself, but i'll certainly be gifting it a few times."
,Recommended,303210,21137506,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SWEtea,Short but really good game!I just finished the game and I had to google some stuff cuz I have so many questions now after this game.I could relate to myself and what I have been through.Gonna go and cry now.
,Recommended,303210,19138590,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,lil slurp,"First off ****SPOILER ALERT****This game was insanely well thought out and executed by Davey Wreden, it is simply a masterpiece. Wreden guiding you through the story following his ""friend"" coda. The reason that I have put ""friend"" in quoatations is because coda is a fictional developer to mask the harsh truth that davey has been showing you his own creations. the name coda was perfect for this fictional dev because of the definition ""the concluding passage of a piece or movement, typically forming an addition to the basic structure."" I am in love with this piece of art."
,Recommended,303210,21092292,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jaron,The Beginner's Guide = Yes
,Recommended,303210,19407647,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Giraffe Boy,"I don't think I've ever played a game like this, I don't think I'll ever get to play a game like this again. I don't know that I'll ever want to play a game like this again. But that's... I guess that's why this game is worth playing.It paints a picture. One that's seemingly easy to grasp at first. But you realize, just as you're supposed to, that you're looking at it wrong. That's how it was created. That's what it was created for. It's this step into the souls of two real, actual human beings.Now for a video game that's unheard of. They're meant to be fake, to be pretend in some way. Video games are for the most part, the reality that could never truely exist. We don't live in a Fallout universe, we can't create building thousands of feet high made of blocks. That's what video games do for us. Most of us. They make us what we can't be. Or they entertain us. Both really.This... it really doesn't feel like a game. For that reason. I mean it's entertaining, you learn things you'd never think you'd learn. It's not fake. It's not pretend. This game, these levels, are more real than anything I've played.It's not a game.I mean it is, but you don't feel that way about it. It connects with you, makes you wonder about yourself. That's what it did for me anyways.But you arn't reading this to see how I feel after playing this, you're here to find out whether YOU should play it or not.It doesn't end happy.It leaves you wondering.But that's what it's made for, meant to do. It's a journey into the minds, the reality of two very real people. And it hits you hard. It gives you an outside perspective, a view that really you can't see unless it's given to you, like it is here. It's a story. Maybe more than a story.Some people call it a personal therapy for the creator. I mean I can see where they're coming from. But I, personally, I didn't mind that. I want to understand people, so this appealed to me. I didn't mind the personal request that was channeled through The Beginner's Guide.So here are some reasons you should, or should not play this game.Play this if:You want to relate to the narrator. If you think time spent trying to understand people you'll never meet is important.If you want to explore complex minds, understand just what pushes these people to do what they do. What makes them tick, what makes them stop.If you love atmospheres, and want to appreciate ones created from the minds of others.Don't play this if:You don't wish to spend your time trying to understand people you will never interact with in all likelyhood.If you want a world created around you, not to walk through someone else's enviroment, their trials and errors.If you don't wish to experience a conflict that doesn't really involve you, if you don't wish to relate to the problems of others.That's all I really wanted to say about this."
76561198169958145,Recommended,303210,19891754,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Darth Vedder,"Fascinating stuff, but I can't say why. If you're a creator, or you try to be, this could be one of the most important games you'll ever play.But saying anything else would spoil it."
,Recommended,303210,18377774,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ceril,It gave me tears.It made me think... a lot.
,Recommended,303210,18619852,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Nondar X Suomdy,"If you're looking for a game then this isn't a game. This, this is an experience. An experience that you should not bother looking for reviews, playthroughs, or anything at all. As for the experience itself and what I thought of it... I have nothing to say other than the fact that my review marks this as recommended."
,Recommended,303210,19902231,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,miche,"A powerful 1.5 hour long story from the guy who made The Stanley Parable. I felt feelings.tbh, gets a bit boring in the middle but the end is worth it."
76561198069643791,Recommended,303210,19897372,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tacotime,"I bought this game seeing brought to you by the makers of Stanley Parable. Done stop and right there and Buy.Expecting a fun neat narritive story.If your looking for a game stop hereIf your looking for a story buy itHow I see it is a Person liked to make games and changed his creations to make a friend feel better to some how help him be whole. This lead that person to do things the creator didnt approve of and changing the games was actually hurting him cutting out his imagination preventing the creation of new games. When I walk through these games Its easy to think the prison or puzzle, the frustration is entirly about the creator of the game but maybe its actually about the person he choose to share it with."
76561198143980932,Recommended,303210,18357113,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,sailorboy999,"I have just finished this and I am speechless. It's brought me to tears. I don't want to tell you anything about it, any kind of normal review would be almost pointless. This is art. This is brilliant, upsetting, moving art."
,Recommended,303210,19902210,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kittypire,"This game was extremely deep, and emotional, and in the end... I felt disgustingly wrong for playing it. If you just purchase the game, don't look at spoilers, don't look at reviews that tell you anything of what happened... Just play this game, you will understand the flood of emotion and somehow, lackthereof....Yes, there were tears....Yes, I feel incomplete."
76561197995608745,Recommended,303210,19917954,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FearsomeFedora,"Wow. Game gave me chills by the end. I laughed, I cried, I wandered around boxy corridors and slowly descended into madness. A+, would experience again."
,Recommended,303210,19349877,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zyrst,"Good game , interesting story that makes you think. The premise of the whole story wasn't like anything else done in games (that I know of) and was something you could find in movies and was executed really well. If you have 90 minutes to play this game then do it."
,Recommended,303210,18349944,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nasal Cannula,"Playing this game is the same experience as going to watch a one-man-show starring Al Pacino and being the only one in the audience, being talked directly to by the narrator. Playing it you'll recieve chills, chills of suspense, chills of darkness and tension, and massive chills of realization. It feels like the narrator is going through the experiences with you, you take the journey togther. This game is an apology letter to anyone who's ever wrecked an incredibly meaningful relationship, soiled someone's innocence, or who lives vicariously through others.Overall, just an incredible follow-up to Parable, the modality of ""narrative video game"" is one that has limitless potential and is so under represented by modern gaming culture. The feel of the game starts off in an incredibally comfertable place, the narrator's voice putting you at ease, and by the end you are so far from that starting point that you're state of mind has changed as well.Best played with no lights on, high quality speakers turned loud, and in one sitting."
,Recommended,303210,18317269,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,"Project ""Forty"" 2017","If you are a creative, and truly dedicated to your craft, you must play this game. I can't explain more. As an artist this game made me think and feel things I think only a person who produces work will relate to."
,Recommended,303210,18316400,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,🐍 | Goode,"I don't know what can be said about The Beginner's Guide without spoiling it. What I can say is that you should plan an hour and a half of your day to sit down, and play it in full. This ""game"" has very broad similarities to a good documentary, but with the additional element of interactivity. Video games recently have shown the potential to be more than simple entertainment tools and more of an ""Interactive Experience,"" I think this game is a great example of this concept."
,Recommended,303210,18353559,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,RadientLoop,"Wow, just WOW....just finished the game and im pretty much speechless at the moment.....i bought this game half expecting it to be another ""Stanley's Parable"", but its not. its something completely different. Its so much less in a way thats so much more."
,Recommended,303210,18332398,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Drakedarkfox,"This game gets my first review, it was that good.10/10 Story Rich....I almost cried in this game.6/10 Length of the game.....I wish the emotional rollercoaster wouldn't stop. I have only played it once through. but still Once i started playing I couldn't stop4/10 Intro/Hook.....It didn't hook me as fast as The Stanley Parable, But i wanted to continue it and see what this game had to offer. I am very glad i continued.9/10 Price....It could have been less for the amount of content it provided. But i still would have bought the game if it was even more, 40-50 dollars, and probably would have been still as pleased as i am now."
,Recommended,303210,18284269,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jaxien ☆,This game is an experience. Free up an hour or two of your time. Put on some headphones and see where it takes you.
,Recommended,303210,18284601,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Senpai,"This was a emotional ride. What initally seemed like a story that seemed to be going nowhere i ended up relating to this alot. This game has just about no replayability and i finished it in 87 min, but it really just makes you think."
,Recommended,303210,18280642,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kizzycocoa,"During and after playing this game, all I could do to explain it, was that this game was ""me"".As an environment designer, while my designs aren't as out there as the ones presented, I fully understand this game and the mindset of all involved. This game connected to me on a very intimate level, which genuinely shook me while playing it. I found all of my own experience and mannerisms as an environment designer kick in, noticing many little details that normal players would never see, and understanding them from a very personal viewpoint. I fully understood exactly what was meant.If you are not in game design, this might not speak as strongly to you. I honestly don't know. To me, though, this game has so much more of an impact, if you work behind the curtain. This game, while being sold to the public, feels to me like it is not for the people who play games. It is for the people who make the games to be played.I do not know if the events portrayed are real or not, but regardless of if they are, I certainly hope all involved, particularly the story focus, get some closure. While it will mean next to nothing, I'd also want to note, for the game developers, that I completely understand this game, and the meanings behind it and every chapter within it. Or at least, I certainly hope I do."
,Recommended,303210,18360583,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Vipsu,"More of an interactive experience than a real game, but a great one at that.It approaches game design and psychology related to it from a very different perspective. It also throws out a really interesting take on how the the developers can convey a lot about themselves through their games."
,Recommended,303210,18401368,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,nosavingthrow,"For anyone who creates, or who has broken something good."
,Recommended,303210,18280699,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lev,"Simply wow. No spoilers, just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18405796,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,FloatingSkull,Read a comment where someone compared this game to the work of Jorge Luis Borges.  It's not inaccurate.
,Recommended,303210,18423442,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Quack,wow
,Recommended,303210,18411896,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tundra Scorpion,"First things first:This is NOT The Stanley Parable!If you saw that this game was made by the same creator of The Stanley Parable, thinking you'll get another wild and absurd game like that one, DO NOT BUY THIS ONE.The Beginner's Guide, instead, is actually a heartfelt and emotional trip through the works of a talented and bright abstract video game artist. Overfull with visual wonder, interpretation and pure creativity. The actual experience is not in the game itself but the backstory of the relationship between the narrator and a close friend who made originally made this collection of small games over the course of 2009-2011.I won't say too much about it, since the experience is all in the history of these two people, but I will say that the collection of work is magnificent, some of the most visually stunning abstract video game art I've seen.But just like The Stanley Parable, The Beginner's Guide does not follow the rules of video games and instead sets out to make it's own experience without pandering to a mainstream crowd.With that said, this game is not meant for average gamers. There are no objectives or anything of the sort to be had, it's just a tribute to a friend. Which is I think the main downpoint, if you're making this for a friend, why are you charging $10? For a total length of an hour and a half, I can't see any justification. It's not like a museum gallery with a hefty entrance fee, it's a tribute.Well, I don't have all the facts. So I'll just say this: If you're interested in video games as an art form, a means of expression or just a creative outlet, then The Beginner's Guide would probably be right up your alley. Otherwise, you'd be best off moving along."
,Recommended,303210,18385196,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Basmati Rice,"So for anyone that is wondering on weather to buy this, it's similar to stanley in the fact that you don't do much else other than walk around.  But the narrative and the story are pretty much linear, no defying narrators, but at the same time it wouldn't be right if you could defy him in this game since he tells such a powerful and interesting story.  (Writing this review is hard without leaving spoilers)  All in all its less of a game and more of an experience, or an interactive biography.  I HIGHLY reccomend it to anyone that likes story based games."
,Recommended,303210,18391869,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Pie Was An Inside Job,"This game is like nothing I have ever play. It's fun, quirky and at times very depressing. It's slow, but that works fine for what it's trying to say. If you have ten dollers and an hour half to spare, I highly recamend you play this."
,Recommended,303210,18385362,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Toni200012,"Never played such a deep and impressive game, it realy took me into this person, it's realy hard to understand and process. i realy love this game and can only recomment to everybody, buy this game, take 90min of your time and just live the game... such a good experience!"
,Recommended,303210,18429147,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Ghost of the Navigator,"Fantastic, Thought provoking. Worth playing for anybody with even a passing interest in Game Development."
76561198038109774,Recommended,303210,18354853,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,NoobiNoobiNoob,It was an experience.Great. Nothing more to say.
76561197997382042,Recommended,303210,19992655,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Abyssmal,"A review written within the first hour of completing the game.I don't know how to feel about The Beginner's Guide. It tells a very unique and gratingly honest and personal story, one that would mean alot to people successful and struggling alike. All I can say is if you or someone you know may suffer from any one of the many social anxieties of modern life, or are perhaps feeling detached to the waking world, you may find some comfort and heartbreak in the story Davey Wreden has crafted.Despite the gameplay itself being nothing more than being sheparded from one corridor to the next, not unlike Wreden's previous work ""The Stanley Parable"", The Beginners Guide offers a thoroughly sincere experience that won't ask much of your time, but might nethertheless leave a very strong impression."
,Recommended,303210,21042032,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Wow... this is such an emotional roller coaster!First of, this is a walking simulator. But, it is quite different from the many I have played before. This one keeps you guessing what is going on, while the narrator talks about his relationship with a friend and then ""helps"" you go around each ""games"" you play, inside The Beginner's Guide.Now that I have finished playing it I'm having some trouble summering up the game and what to say. I can do a quick sum up that it puzzles you with many different emotions, conveyed in each part of the game.You start up being curious, intrigued, puzzled, confused. Then, as the game moves further, you *feel* worried, you *feel* guilty then *feel* nauseous about it. I would say that the message it tries to tell you is how desperately lonely, depressed the creator (Coda person in the game) feels like.I did felt very depressed in my life, years ago and still do today at times but much less frequent. This game made me feel depressed all over again. Did I liked that? NOT AT ALL! But I do understand the message... at least, I think so! And that is something you do have to see for yourself because I'm pretty sure we do see and feel these uncomfortable emotions differently.As I'm writing this, I'm having such a big headache (I just freshly finished the game minutes ago). Few games managed to do that to me and I am getting to feel anxious, trying to connect to people and all. I really felt lonely, as I do often in my real life.Am I glad that I played it? Unsure. It did brought back many bad memories to me. The game didn't had much good emotions to it but still, even with all the ""bad ones"", this game conveys a reality check.This game can be very good at ""letting go"" of these emotions and be ready for the next day.I'd advice anyone keenly interested on this game to play it in one sitting. The game takes about 90 minutes to 2 hours (max) to finish.REVIEW SCORE:8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,303210,18289514,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,.:C7:. NOTWS,"Thought provoking and poignant, interactive storytelling at its finest."
,Recommended,303210,21645493,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkiErarfOwAToo long; didn't watch -- Odd, beguiling, and kind of haunting, The Beginner's Guide is pretty much a must-play for anyone who enjoys story-based games like Gone Home or Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.  Try to play it knowing as little as possible about what you're in for."
76561198018565259,Recommended,303210,19825728,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,emarat,"First let me say that this game is interesting.It takes you on journey where you try to explore someone`s mind and psyche. You try to figure out from the ""games"" that you play how that person is feeling.It is an interesting journey and for myself it made me think. It also made me consider if i want to make a game of my own, to tell a story. I don`t know if i will yet but if i do i have this game and Coda to thank for it."
,Recommended,303210,21832026,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Wolf,"Play this game. It's an entirely new experience. Reminded me a bit of Dream mixed with Homesick, but neither at the same time. If I could sum this game up in one word, I'd say... terrifying? Not because it's a horror game, no. I'd say it's because it makes you rethink, well, everything."
76561198110846123,Recommended,303210,21805471,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SpookyBoy,"I never write steam reviews. Or really reviews for anything at all. But this game deserves my praise.It was absolutely incredible. A challenging, thought provoking, and emotional narrative story told in an unconventional, almost postmodern kind of way. If I went into more detail as to why this is all so, and tried to put into words exactly why this game was so effective, it would almost ruin the experience. So instead, I will just close out with this thought:This game was one of the few experiences in modern gaming that left me completely speechless. I could feel the lump in my throat as I stared absently at the screen. It took me a few minutes of silence to recover. I haven't really ever played anything quite like it, and I don't think I ever will. This is a game you must experience for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18414051,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,spell choccymilk niqqa,Simply amazing and powerful story.
76561198027129784,Recommended,303210,19063829,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Varsian,"I won't write some dumb one sentence statement about this game. This games deserves so much more. The Beginner's Guide is a piece of media that I think every content creator, whether a game dev, or a film creator, or a writer, needs to experience. I can't explain anymore than that, doing so would ruin everything that makes this game so profound. This game maybe took an hour and a half out of my life, however it's going to stick with me for years."
,Recommended,303210,18357013,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Aqua,"This American Life:  The Video Game.Some say that it's the ultimate defence for the 'Games as Art' argument, as the narration and design attempts to fortify and demonstrate an example of this philosophy, but this player believes it's more than that.It's a documention of a man's passion and 'life's work' up to now.  It's a declaration by developers who feel that their work should be a means of expression and not mere entertainment for others.  It's a rebuttal to the many who believe that gameplay trumps other aspects of a game.Walking Simulator?  Well no.  Dear Esther is more of a walking simulator.  In this game the narrator is talking to you instead of just talking.  And this is nothing like The Stanley Parable where the narrator openly mocks you and challenges you.  It is far less interactive than The Stanley Parable, but probably just as immersive.People who played The Stanley Parable may or may not like this game as it is less interactive.  However, people who love ramblings and insight on the radio as well as The Stanley Parable will probably enjoy this game, like I did.If you want to consider what it means to develop a 'game', and whether a game minus gameplay can still be a purposeful and meaningful experience, install this and contemplate for a time....  I do miss Kevan Brighting's voice though.EDIT:  The Ending demonstrates a reason why creators (be it writers, artists, game developers) who are friends can just so easily get into a fight over personal space, distrubition rights (for each other's work) and so forth.  It's...  A call for help...  Players must reach the ending if they wish to truly make sense of what this 'game' is....  And whether you agree if it should have been released at all."
,Recommended,303210,20455893,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,JazzyLINDA,"I honestly struggle to determine whether or not that I suggest this game. It's hard to stay I'd like anyone to go through what I experienced. I first felt curiosity because I had no idea what kind of game this was nor even what it was about. The story line itself intrigued me because being a person who is interested in game developing I became interested immediately. I also became confused. At times I got confused. I knew that being confused was something the writer had intended. I also felt a bit of surprise because the ending was very interesting and made me guess if the story was actually real. I'm not one to cry or become super emotional over things, but I did feel something with this game.  I actually felt a connection to the characters in the story and felt terrible afterwards. That is why I found myself struggling to press that recommend button, because it truly makes you feel terrible at the end.But all in all, the game achieved its purpose and made me feel.I would definitively recommend this game to players that play games for experience, not exactly fun.I would not recommend for the casual player who is looking for a game.Since I have a positive outlook to the game, I will recommend but I agree it is not for everyone."
,Recommended,303210,23924516,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Fedya,"A new age, contemporary art in its purest form. Fragile, but beautiful. For those who likes games such 'Gone Home' or 'Stanley's Parable', take two hours time off from whatever it is you're doing at the moment and just play this game. You won't regret it.★★★★★"
,Recommended,303210,20309629,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kuro'o,"Before playing this, make sure you have a surplus of tissues.Even then, you'll need more."
76561198052566523,Recommended,303210,24872471,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,nail3728,"A very, very different experience. The less you know, the better. As advertised, not a game focused on gameplay so much as very intensively story. It is undoubtedly unique, and made me feel things I did not at all expect to feel. I reccomend this for it's story and the message it's trying to tell."
76561198159812836,Recommended,303210,22157263,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Chroisky,Absolutely BrilliantThis game brings out the inner feelings of anyone
,Recommended,303210,19278180,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Satania,"This game... well i don't think its quite a game. It feels much more like a conversation with someone you just met. This game is personal and deep, it shows someones heart and thoughts. This game is something you should buy, playing this is moving and i can't really say much other than i hope you play this game and let word of it spread as far as it can, you'll understand why once you've played it."
76561197996381121,Recommended,303210,19704133,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,russellfs,Philosophy is not often found in games. This one is almost entirely philosophy. While I did not enjoy it as much as Stanley Parable I would still recommend it if you are in the mood for something a bit more deep from a walking sim.
,Recommended,303210,19976101,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Serpexnessie,It will make you question everything.
,Recommended,303210,21394646,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Kwout,"Like many other works of narrative fiction, TBG tells what people often refer to as ahuman tale. The story is centred around two game developpers: Coda, who created the levels that make up TBG without ever intending to publish them, and Davey, who has concocted the levels together to make TBG, and who narates the entire game by commenting on each level and detailing his interactions with Coda during the time period each level represents (the levels collectively span 3 years of history). The tale of the interactions between Coda and Davey is both TBG's strongest point and its most common criticism. Reading the negative reviews of TBG has shed light on something that I have never given much thought: drama is subjective. I have known people who think that Coda; I have known people who think like Davey. There is no suspension of disbelief required required on my behalf for their personae, because I have no disbelief in them to begin with. I cannot write the characters off as “Bah! They're just angsty/immature/irrational/etc” because I've interacted with individuals who genuinely think like they do. Were the production value in the narrative guidance not so high, and were this not a paid game, I might have even believed that this was a piece of non-fiction. To me, the story of TBG felt very real and quaintly human. It hit me very close to home, and playing through its narrative was an amazing experience.A lot of people also seem to think that TBG is a window into the process of game development, and I feel that this is a terribly gross inaccuracy. This is a tale not about game development, but about the creative mind, and the game dev considerations only hold true for games driven by the creative mind of an individual – games that are not driven by the market, or even targeted at specific audiences. And if this creative process is personified as Coda in TBG, then Davey is the personification of retrospection, a facet of human nature that I (unfortunately) seldom ever see explored in fiction. From the very beginning of TBG, you are made aware that what you are shown is a chronicle of sorts composed by Davey that documents his interactions with Coda. Unlike most narratives presented in the first person, however, Davey's narration presents more than a mere transmission of information – through his narration, Davey presents a thought-inducing reflection on his past that is clouded in dreadful irony (of which he is only barely aware). This reflection by itself becomes something to scrutinise and to think about – gone is the narrator whose sole purpose is to tell you what is happening.In summer of 2015 aired the second season of Oregairu. By the end of the second season, I felt betrayed by the series, and I felt I could no longer trust the reviews given by other people, for while the vast majority seemed to think that the second season, if anything, was even better than the first, I thought it was a disastrous train wreck that completely ruined what made the first season great. I give season 2 of Oregairu alotof flack because I consider it to be a story about angsty and immature teenagers who have trouble communicating, a story that I found to be incredibly tedious because it felt completely removed from the world I live in, and because never in my life have I dealt with situations even remotely similar to theirs. With TBG, I find myself in a very similarly polarised crowd, but I am suddenly on the other side of the recommendation schism. Many reviewers feel that the story is incredulous, or that it fails to achieve the emotional connect that it seeks, and my experience does not match theirs at all. I find TBG is a refreshing perspective on human nature that I do not often see in fiction. There were times where a single sentence made me pause the game because I became embroiled in my reaction to it. TBG has amplified difficult questions I've had to deal with in my own life and has given a new perspective on decisions I have taken in the past. Although it come at a steep price/hour ratio, I believe the experience to be well worthwhile.Your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,303210,18431817,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,the lion thing,"An exploration of the psyche through the creation of games. This game will not be for everyone but it definitely showcases the artistic and expressionistic capabilities a game can have.Even though it can be argued that this game borders on the pretentious, it still had an impact on me."
,Recommended,303210,18651471,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Tallcat,Good game. Hard to say much about it. The trailer does it justice.
,Recommended,303210,18364544,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Rutskarn,"You will not have a good time, but you will blow an extra half hour or so looking for discussion of it afterwards and you will get frustrated by what you find."
,Recommended,303210,18625719,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MoonMan,"Literally brought a tear to my eye. Play this all in one session if you get a chance, with nobody around.My heart goes out to the people who made this."
,Recommended,303210,18446312,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ShedFlu,Thisgameis the most interessting thing i've ever played!Thats all you need to know.
76561198061188495,Recommended,303210,18464820,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Scratchie csgogem.com,sad...
76561198062675732,Recommended,303210,18282099,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sciman101,"I am genuinley slack-jawed.No, seriously. I Just finished the game and.... holy crap.Look, this isn't the Stanley Parable. Sure, there's a narrator, but this.... this is deep.It's worth it. Please, try this game.I can almost gaurentee you will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,303210,30618609,Posted: 19 March,all,Raum,"I feel like I may have missed something with this one. While I really enjoyed The Stanley Parable, The Beginner's Guide somehow missed the mark for me.I don't want to talk about the story or the gameplay, because it could get in the way of your experience, but overall I walked away with a kind of weird feeling about this one. I feel like there was a really good idea here, and perhaps it wasn't executed quite to my liking.I did still enjoy myself, at the very least, and I don't regret playing or purchasing. I just feel like it missed something."
,Recommended,303210,18320538,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Spook Man 2003,"The Beginner's Guide is an interesting game, Honestly kinda fun too! I would recommend to play it and I think for what it is it is worth spending a couple of dollars for this philosophical experience."
,Recommended,303210,24758121,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Naihoby,"I'm so impressed during playing this game all over. I would not forget this feeling that I haven't ever felt by the another game. Umm... I won't be able to know this comment would make Coda worse, but I appreciated him to make all of these games, empathized him and his emotion that I can't explain about those into the words, and even felt a familar with him.My English is not so good to express my thought and feeling, and I am sorry about that.But I can state clearly, this game is the best game that I have played ever."
,Recommended,303210,21630281,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,IsabellaTheHella,"Wow. I think The Beginners Guide is something everyone should experience, and nearly everyone will experience differently. It was extremely powerful to me, I was sobbing into my keyboard at times, but some I know didn't really get it, and it didn't hit home with them like it did me. However no one I know flat out didn't enjoy it. they all took something away from it, just maybe differently than I did. The less you know about this game before you play it the better. But I rate this game a solid 8.5/10, if not a little higher.You as the player will get to experience the entirety of Coda's work, a man who made many short games, with the guide of a narrator. You will uncover more and more about the creator, until there is nothing left. You very well may uncover some things about yourself you didn't know too.Pros:+Great narrator+Good graphics that get better as you play+Interesting story+Well written+Will punch you in the gutCons:-Not quite as interactive as I hoped-Will punch you in the gut- May make you aware of things about yourself you would've liked to ignore."
,Recommended,303210,18318617,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Squawkward,Far out that was deep.One of the most thought provoking games I've ever played.
,Recommended,303210,18793719,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,_Yoyos_,"Most typical games I've ever played generally had an objective or a set rules within it's parameters that I could identify or have an inkling as to what is to be expected. Whether it be reach from one objective to another, slay object A or B, save this or complete this quest to proceed. Despite my curious nature to always guess or assume what direction a game will take I was glad I was unable to even fathom what this piece of art provided me. This game while simplistic in nature had a powerful underlying message/tone about one's perspective and loneliness. I've been reminded in this adventure to never jump to conclusions as misunderstandings are the root of conflict.Very few games left me so conflicted and alone yet satisfied I hunger for more."
,Recommended,303210,18282417,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,JTeeth,Don't think about it too much.Or maybe think about it a lot.
,Recommended,303210,18284224,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tomo Tomato Tommy Salami,I like how you can see the bottom of the universe from this game.
,Recommended,303210,18380500,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Greyness*Alp,Coda geri dön :'(
76561198061426945,Recommended,303210,18360132,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fyrefreeze,"This game is not so much a ""game"" but more like an expirience. This game portrays a beautiful, mysterious, and heart-breaking story. Get this game if you like the stanely parable! :)10/10."
,Recommended,303210,18288458,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Urgie,"It's a thoughtful game, but it wasn't for me. I bet it's for someone. Someone other than me, that is - because it wasn't for me."
76561198133927657,Recommended,303210,24516265,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kr4in4,Best sp game I ever played. Awesome story (and very relatable)!
76561198066448751,Recommended,303210,20172914,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fru1t,"The Beginners Guide Helped Me.Truely. It gave me an understanding of life, a certain perspective that I never looked at before. About how I personally act and feel. A way to think of things differently. The depth it goes into, how it assists you in understanding concepts and letting you develop your own thoughts about them is incredible. Really. I've never had an experience like this. Never have I been swayed by a video game. It adds a new element to this form of media. And now I look back at it, see my experience and ruminate on it. The longer I think about it the more I want to. It has left something with me that I will truely never forget. And for the better."
,Recommended,303210,18430978,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"Was a fan of the stanley parable. Was not a fan of this. A walking simulator that offered me personally very little. I think everyone should play it and form their own opinion, but only if it's on sale for dirt cheap."
,Recommended,303210,20195066,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yennivi,"This is a serious game. It can be predictable, or completely out of left field, depending on your experiences.My review is simple. If you are at all interested, if you think you could play this, sit down, shut up, and play it.If you play this game and you recognize yourself, turn off your computer, and take a deep look inside yourself. Then go apologize to someone, and learn how to be their friend, instead of making them yours.And pro-tip: if you think this is a game about games, you aren't done looking inside yet."
,Recommended,303210,20215211,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Praeda,just..wow.
76561198039775109,Recommended,303210,20138363,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vertebrae,This game touched me right in the wallet. Thanks Coda.
76561198034465076,Recommended,303210,20243145,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pandanaman,"Wow. At first I was disapointed. I had no idea what I had just experienced or what I thought about it.But as time went on  and I continued to think about this game I realized how brilliant it is.I won't say anything other that this game is a story. And it's a good story. If you enjoyed The Stanley Parable (which shares its creator with this game) know that this isn't really for straight up entertainment, but it's worth it imo and you'll enjoy it."
76561198135131007,Recommended,303210,19864365,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Vulpez,"There is no way to explain why you must play this game. Only that you must. When I first began to become interested in this game, like many others I decided to read reviews of it. Luckily, all of the ones I saw said something along the lines of ""don't read reviews, just buy the damn game."" Well, I'm here to tell you they were right. Even if I tried to explain what makes this game so good, I wouldn't be able to. I cannot literally find it within myself. I recommend this game to everyone. Even if you absolutley hate video games, if for some random reason you stumble across this review, I am telling you to buy this one. Play it. You will not regret it. You will not. Buy it. Then after you're done, lay down and try not to cry. Cry a lot."
,Recommended,303210,20391270,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Normandy,"It's not every day that I have a work of art move me as much as this experience just did. In my personal opinion The Beginners Guide is an absolute masterpiece. It's a game that will stick in my mind and keep sucking me back to thinking about it time and time again.First off, the story is fantastic. What makes the game so powerful is the fact that the narrative touches on so many emotionally powerful topics that get woven into a grander theme of depression. This game doesn't shy away from offering emotional introspection and even goes into ideas like loneliness,  self destructive tendencies, and even projecting one's emotions onto other people. In a way, I think it even touches on what it is like to suffer from ""hyper empathy"". It's a crazy feel trip that hits all the right buttons to get you thinking about some pretty heavy stuff.But what's more is the fact is the entire experience is just so lovingly intertwined with the narrative. There's many points where the game's simple mechanics just seem to connect with the emotions of the story and allow me to feel connected to the experience in a much more profound way. At times I could feel the frustration being conveyed through the story in the game through the mechanics, while other times the mechanics mirrored feelings of peace or relief. The game uses this act of mirroring the narrative with gameplay and sprinkles in some exceptional audio design to build an intense atmosphere that can honestly even be described as overwhelming at times. It almost seems as if the creators went out of their way to use the concept of ""kinesthetic projection"" to draw me further into the game.In the end, I can't recommend this game enough. Something as outright breathtaking as The Beginner's Guide needs to be supported with as much love as the gaming community is able to give. I love this thing so goddamn much and I'm not going to forget it for a LONG time."
,Recommended,303210,20248020,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CheapshotGaming,Tried not to feel.Failed.
,Recommended,303210,20279480,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,rwgrier,This is a great game
,Recommended,303210,20463225,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,icedwarrior,"To discuss what this game is would be a disservice to the game; I instead ask that you ask yourself the following question: Do I enjoy ""walking simulators""? Am I okay with a game lasting approximately 90 minutes? If you answered yes ( or are at least okay with) those two questions, I would very much recommend this game."
76561198254311563,Recommended,303210,19222969,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Elfleg,Wow. That was an emotional experience
,Recommended,303210,19296996,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FifthBladeX,Amaazing game!!!! its the most human game ive ever played
,Recommended,303210,19301003,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,pancaked,"This is deep, like in the way the atlantic ocean is deep."
,Recommended,303210,27919826,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ebees,"This made me sad. I questioned myself and my reality.  So, I nominated this game for the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something in My Eye"" and I am now going to turn into a Bed Burrito and eat ice cream"
,Recommended,303210,20213711,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[ZBLAN] efarayenkay,"I'm fighting back tears while writing this. That's how profound an affect it had on me.This game is the game you need.  You won't understand now, but you will.I can't tell you what you'll experience, not even because of spoilers, but because you'll probably feel something entirely different.Get this game if you want to feel something.  Especially if you haven't been feeling anything lately."
,Recommended,303210,21855375,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sphere,"A different game. If you can call it a game.The indie developer who made this also made ""The Stanley Parable"". Both of these games aren't really similar, except for the makers ability to create something new and interesting.The Beginner's Guide isn't for everyone. It's short, there's no real puzzles to solve, and you basically play simple games while listening to narration. The story that is told is introspective and personal to the game developer. It's not really a happy story, but it's told with skill, and you can tell it comes from an honest place.I played it through it comfortably in one sitting, and at the end, it was hard not to feel sad about what I just played and listened to. There's very little re-play value; there's no cards or steam achievements - but that's not really the point. I'm glad I bought and experienced The Beginner's Guide, and I'm going to look out for future games from this indie developer."
,Recommended,303210,21801724,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rigatoni bologna,"This game, which is really a few games within a game, has so much to say in just a little time.  Buy it.  Take an hour and a half to play it.  Contemplate about it for the rest of your life."
76561198084362855,Recommended,303210,19924411,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dragongun97,"Profound, emotional, and eye-oppening.  A great experience."
,Recommended,303210,19894925,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,A Fresh Croissant,"Wow, just wow. This game can make you feel many things, fear, sadness, happiness. It is just one of those games that actually makes you feel something or that something has changed in you. This game has changed me, and by looking over many reviews, it has changed others to. It is very hard to write a review for this game because it is just a different experence. I have never really though about writing a reviews for other games, but I just felt after playing this game that I don't want to be alone. And that I need to just let it out and do my first review on a game that is so unlike everything else I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,303210,19888332,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,euqil,"I knew it was a walking simulator but it was appraised by critics so I got it anyway.I knew it was short and lacking content and I got it anyway.Initially it was great and conveyed some feeling, but felt a little forced. Later it was forced a lot and it was easy to tell what is done for narrative's sake.Expensive over 1 Euro - no replayability value. Worth the initial emotion? ... naah"
,Recommended,303210,19890746,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PlinkoLinko,"This game got me thinking so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hard, my head was throbbing when I finished. 10/10 the psychology messed me upgood god play this while you're high"
76561198044454113,Recommended,303210,20192111,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nickzilla,"There's not much i can say about this. It's more of an experience, than an actual game. The Stanley Parable was about making up your own rules, telling the story your way. This, however, is not like that. You're pretty much going through the mind of another person, trying to figre out who they are, and what they think. But the bigger question is, who are you really trying to figure out? The person you're looking at, or yourself?"
,Recommended,303210,19792242,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,PrecookedEagle,"An extremely welcome change to the conventional approach to games, this is something you will want to experience for yourself, I do not think I can say anything about it that will sum it up, only that I'm certain this game is a unique experience to anyone that plays it.Do yourself a favour, buy this game and sit down for an emotional hour and a half, and then stay a while and think about what you just experienced and what it means to you specifically.You won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,19897872,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Average Overlord,I'm sitting here a little teary eyes having literally just finished the game. I didn't think I would have such an emotional response to something like this. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,303210,20007607,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Timelord Sherlock,"This is a.... well, it's complicated.  If you're buying it and expecting the Stanley Parable, you will be disappinted.  I don't think this is, by any means, worth the regular price that's being asked of it.  Having said that, I bought it while it was on sale.This is interesting, be it true or not.  But the description for this is pretty accurate."
76561198152193127,Recommended,303210,20127261,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Drachmor,So... it's a psychological portrait of a man who tried creating a psychological portrait of a man he created.10/10 would brain again
,Recommended,303210,20324333,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,|Reanne|,"Absolutely stunning. One of the rare games that leaves you with more questions than answers, but not in a disapointing way,  it will truely stay with you a long time after playing. There is nothing traditional about 'A Beginner's Guide', it's a surrealist walk through a person's psych, and believe me when I say that what you discover will definitely suprise you. Davey Wredon is a genius."
,Recommended,303210,20294173,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,tdR,what.
76561198091924926,Recommended,303210,20396811,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bheephbisskit,A surreal experience. And  touching.Treat this as art. Or don't.I'll be pondering this for days I expect.
76561198226137128,Recommended,303210,20644482,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mr. Moist,"Wow.For the first time, a game has left me total speechless."
76561197987717995,Recommended,303210,18299072,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Captain Dooter,"This game is very meaningful and something I can relate to on a personal level. Depressing in a way, but I'm glad I played it. Artistic and beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,20698069,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Scout,"The first 11 chapters of this game I thought 'how stupid is this rubbish, why am I playing this'. But as things ticked slowly on I came to realise that nothing about this game is as it seems. Nothing. By the end, all I could do was stare at the credits, wondering how it ended up the way it did, but feeling very impressed that it did."
,Recommended,303210,18283318,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SirChasm,"A good game about thinking and making games and stuff. If you make stuff or like games or vice-versa, you should most definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,303210,18288661,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jonas,Wow. Emotional rollercoaster.. You shouldn't look up anything about this! It's amazing!
,Recommended,303210,20467630,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,FlutterPy(rii),"After playing this with a friend for the first time for us both, it was interesting that by the end we found many parts where we read different things into what was going on. For both of us it was in a similar vein though.This is a very personal game for the player, and it's hard for every user to have a personal experience when they play a game, especially with many wanting you to follow a speicific story, but this game manages it, and for that it should be applauded.Whether there's any replayability to this, I doubt it unless you rushed through the first time. It is a very linear experience. In the end it's a one-trick pony, but it's a hell of a trick! Definately worth a playthrough for everyone, in that way I can recommend it."
76561198140277216,Recommended,303210,20575083,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Alti,"Great game, it really makes you search for answers."
,Recommended,303210,20519876,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mommy Jakey™,"I'm not going to lie. Around the end I started sobbing, This game I love and I will recommend to anyone for feels. One of his best work. I need more like this. Thank you for your time and love in this game-"
,Recommended,303210,19184535,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,niallcro,"A beautiful, thought provoking and darkly funny short story. A love song to game worlds and game designers. For me, this is the difficult second album that is better than the first. I want more games as smart and beautiful as this. Loved it!Score 5/5"
76561198004737917,Recommended,303210,33163954,Posted: 2 July,all,bluejedi81,"I bought this game without looking at reviews - just seeing it was from a creator of The Stanley Parable. It was NOT what I expected and much more than I could ever hope for. Beautiful game with an amazing story.Do not play this game if your are looking for puzzles or something silly. If you like walking simulators with thougtful, moving stories then play it. I was blown away by the message and how it made me feel.It's emotional and brilliant. Do yourself a favor and play it."
76561198178503003,Recommended,303210,33196794,Posted: 3 July,all,aegisys,"The Beginner's Guide is a delightfully meta experience. You enter a world made up of small ""games"" created by a developer named Coda. The games themselves have no real point, other than the experience of being in them. There are no goals, no real purpose to the games, and only one puzzle to solve.As you play, the games change and take on a different feel. It feels as if you are watching someone go through a very real and difficult struggle. The narrator is trying to understand and connect to the game developer as he seems to spiral into some sort of depression. He seems to be developing games to give him someone to talk to about his insecurities. He is making games, talking only to himself.In the end, you're left trying to figure out what happened to Coda. I won't get into the details so as to not spoil any surprise. But this game, about a developer of games without any obvious point, is itself without any obvious point. And the more you think and process what you see in the game, the more you understand the point, and it's beautiful."
76561198115935375,Recommended,303210,33162216,Posted: 2 July,all,Master_Spoiler,This game hurt. But it's something that everyone needs to see.
76561198119440048,Recommended,303210,29839126,Posted: 10 February,all,Yoshimaster9801,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is amazing. This is one of the few games that managed to make me emoniotnla about fictional characters. This is an amazing emotional rollercoaster that has an amazing ending. But dont buy this game thinking it's a game. It's not. It's a story. An amzaing story about two people. 10/10
76561198087867348,Recommended,303210,18354529,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DannyDaDawg,"If you read the other reviews, you would come to the conclusion that The Beginner's Guide is not a 'game', rather it is an interactive movie where it talks about a fellow Davy met, who was called Coda.Coda made a bunch of games. That's it. That's all I can say.Because this game is short, yes, but it is so much more. It really speaks to you about alot of things and makes you go through basically everything in life itself.If you are a person who likes to be given more questions then answers in your life, in a good way,this game is for you. It will make you thing about life, existence, soical problems,etc.TL;DR Recommended to those who are creative, like though-provoking games, and a game to remember for a lifetime (bascially). NOT recomended to those who need 'gameplay' in their games, or aliens to shoot (You get what I mean).It was worth every dollar, and it's a game I'm recomending to my friends as well. I never felt so................................open"
,Recommended,303210,18607340,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,The RagingShadow,"Just no words. This game really leaves you thinkin for a while after you play it. Definitely worth playing. It shows the creativness behind developing and making games. it makes you think and look at stuff you don't usually pay attention to in games sometimes. A big meaning behind this game. It's really short but as I said, it's worth it."
,Recommended,303210,33161481,Posted: 2 July,all,cr33p3r515,"You want to play this game. you really do. but... by the end... You'll wish you hadn't. This is less of a game and more of a story. an experience. This game is looking at a third person perspective, through a third person perspective. I absolutely love this. and hate this. I want to show it to my friends. Yet it makes me want to vomit. I don't know what to do, but I do know that this game will stay with me. Forever.If you aren't sure what I mean, play this. Play it all at once. Don't stop. Let it start and don't stop until it's left a hole in your heart and a heavyness in your chest."
,Recommended,303210,33066067,Posted: 30 June,all,LivingInfernus,"If you liked the story of Braid and the gameplay of The Stanley Parable, you will like this."
76561198075465760,Recommended,303210,19337143,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Durnehviir,I have played A LOT of games in my life. And I can definitively say this was the most meaningful experience I ever had. It's just something you won't forget.
76561198251320166,Recommended,303210,33311416,Posted: 6 July,all,DrifterSheep,"This is a game that will stick with you forever, even if you don't want it to. That's really all I can say about this. It's hard to explain but this is a game that you should experience yourself."
,Recommended,303210,33306064,Posted: 6 July,all,Tenderizer,"I wasn't going to buy this game. Then I saw a negative review saying it was too existential. So I played it eagerly and got exactly what I hoped. The genre of existential horror has never been this well executed into a game, and trust me, I actively seek out existential horror games.Then again, maybe Nier:Automata did it better, I'm yet to have enough money for that though."
,Recommended,303210,33320586,Posted: 6 July,all,Slop,Wow.
76561198123948675,Recommended,303210,33323963,Posted: 6 July,all,ReflectiveMemory,This game made me sit with my head in my hands for about 5 minutes silently crying while not wanting to press W11/10 but my god I'm uninstalling this
,Recommended,303210,18386087,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Gemanoneko,"I can recommend the game to everybody who is interested in video games as a medium. Especially game designers and video game students\teachers. This game is like an essay in a game form. There are some other games talking about how we interact with the medium, but they are less known. I'm happy to see this product on Steam.I don't want to say that ""this is art, this is grand, etc."" Its relatively not hard to create a game of this quality in Source engine, but its the ide that counts. Just like in Duchamp's fountain.Play, enjoy, think :)"
,Recommended,303210,18389337,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Alyn,This is amazing.
76561198218387601,Recommended,303210,18287045,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ja451nsomnia,"This game is incredible and manages to make you feel deep within yourself. There are no words to discribe it. Although it is not the traditional sort of game, it is still one of my favorites. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,33070490,Posted: 30 June,all,sumoboo05,"If you have not played this game yet, I don't know if you should or shouldn't. All I can say it, I don't regret it.Don't keep reading if you aren't Davey or Coda, or one of the other people who've already played.This game made me cry, and pray, and pace in thought. I don't know if I can recommend this game or not. It felt like I was biting into forbidden fruit. Davey, I simultaneously feel like you've clearly done something wrong, but I also relate so much. I tried for minutes on end to put myself in your place, when you first read ""I must ask you not to speak to me anymore"" and ""When I am around you, I feel physically ill.""What was that like?Who created the epilogue? you or Coda?Why did you release this to us when you it was you showing people his games that hurt him so much?Why do you hate yourself?If Coda does not make any more games, will you?Will you release them to us?Give us more, more more more?It's your choice. Whether you did the right or wrong thing, I know you must be in a lot of pain. I'm sorry you feel that, and I am sincerely praying for you."
76561198047624398,Recommended,303210,33054239,Posted: 30 June,all,[Him],If u come for The Stanley Parable you might not like it or like it i don't know it tell some thing some thing deep if you like me  don't really understand what he trying to tell you may get bored
,Recommended,303210,33291063,Posted: 5 July,all,ManicMagic,"This game is near impossible to describe without playing, it truly is a fantastically deep experience that will leave you thinking about... something beyond words. Highly recommend for anyone that likes a impactful story."
,Recommended,303210,33293358,Posted: 5 July,all,Dextnt,"An amazing story, nothing more to say."
,Recommended,303210,18362516,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jko,"Wow. That was like nothing I've ever played, or should I say experienced, before. I highly recommend this to anyone who's ever played and enjoyed The Stanley Parable, it's similar in style but with a theme that hits harder to home. I expect this game will be on my mind for the next week or so."
,Recommended,303210,18313609,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Twinmystery,"""Intelligent"" and ""smart"" is used to describe smaller games like this very one a lot lately. Some games can be incredibly interesting and insightful, but I find describing them as ""intelligent"" offers up some pretension to the games.I think this game is very interesting and asks some interesting questions about not only creating videogames, but creating ""Artistic"" work in general. I don't know if the story that's told and laid out is totally true or not, or just a fictitious depiction to ask these questions personally or impersonally, but it does a good job of getting some questions out there about creator relationships to their creations.I don't create video games. I write, and draw, and make some music and even some videos. All of those are relatively quaint forms of expression as I don't usually share them with people too often. Which is a topic that this game tackles. Creating stuff for ourselves vs. creating stuff for others.Through these questions (as I feel most philosophical questions eventually lead) the player is opened up to larger. more generalized questions of comfort and security in their life. The ever present opinions of others, the need to always move forward, the struggle of letting people into our personal lives while also being able to see other people's own personal lives. It's ever relevant stuff that has been talked about forever.The game isn't long. And once you play it (if you pay attention to it) you'll probably not feel the need to play it again, unless to show a friend or something. It's true content is more than just tangible environments within the game, but more abstract concepts and questions posed throughout. I have my qualms with a 10 dollar price tag, no matter the philosophical content, but that may just be me.Overall I think it's a worthwhile game, especially when on sale."
76561198040015457,Recommended,303210,18563451,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,SaunterbluggetHampterfuppinshire,"There is no way to describe this game, other than that it has had the greatest effect on me out of all of the games that I have played in my life. In a mere 90 minutes you have managed to change my outlook on life. This isn't just a game, it's an experience and a work of art. I beg of you, please don't look ahead at spoilers or gameplay videos, the game is best if you go in blind.10/10 question the mortality of pornstars again"
,Recommended,303210,18431546,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TheAbsurd,Never felt anything like that.
,Recommended,303210,18977780,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Yerma Favrite Deputee,This game ♥♥♥♥ed me up on an emotional level. 10000/10-IGN
,Not Recommended,303210,18781930,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[WF]Sinapellido,"Don't buy this game, watch a walkthrough on YouTube instead and you will be just fine. I don't think it is a bad game, it is just not worth 9€. If I would have to put a price on it, I would say 1-2 € would be reasonable, but as it is, this is 1.5 hours of pseudo-phylosophical walking through Source based tunnels and halls."
76561197972491248,Recommended,303210,18817856,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Alec Sander,"this game isn't a game but more of a concept and a story that changed the way i thought about many issues and i think that if you are considering buy it buy it and set yourself 3ish hours to sit down and play it from start to finish it in full. i went into this expecting to understand and get where it was going very fast, but although it was partially what i expected the ending blew me away and completely changed how i thought. this is something that everyone should try out.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20009120,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Burn,I feel really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a good way.
,Recommended,303210,20364375,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,kremennik ♥,This is not a game
,Recommended,303210,19492092,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Drake From Human Resources,"I had mixed expectations about this game. I read a lot of praise for it. Then I encountered a few reviews expressing disappointment. I have only one thing to say to the people who feel disappointed; you're missing the point. I may not be able to understand everything about many of the things I've seen throughout the game. One thing I do understand is that this is a perfect representation of isolation. To feel like the only person you can trust or talk to is yourself. The unhealthy habit of wanting to be alone. The reluctance of recieving help from someone or even having a conversation with someone about how you feel. This isn't you're average run-of-the-mill game. As stated in the information: There are no goals, there are no objectives. There's something special here. Something new and fresh, and I throroughly enjoyed every minute of it."
76561198152144712,Recommended,303210,26781975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bibibibibi,"Great game, although some might consider a ""walking simulator"""
,Recommended,303210,26508402,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,мирачка,"It starts out like a collection of games, an exhibition, rather than an actual game.But as we explore the idea which led to the making of these games,it turns out to be about something entirely different...Maybe I should play it again, to understand it better"
76561197979261882,Recommended,303210,26471029,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Snuttfisen,"A walking simulator that lets you get inside a developers head, against his will.Simple, intelligent, brilliant and engaging, thanks to the narrator.For me, this was a far more powerful experience than his last game ""the Stanley Parable""."
76561198009199476,Recommended,303210,18776904,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,nazo the dark,"The Beginner's Guide is a name that doesn't make any sense. Thouse three words are never said in the game outside of it being the name of the game. The name is never contextualized in game. It has no meaning, it makes no sense, it's just a cool sounding name. It has absolutly no point to it or hidden meaning behind it....and that's the point...."
,Recommended,303210,29814586,Posted: 9 February,all,VampireTimeLord,This was a beautiful game that literally had me tearing up at the end. It's not inherently sad but something really resonated with me. I would highly recommend this game for people who like this sort of simulation. It is more art and emotion based than anything else.
,Recommended,303210,28679659,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fabian Gladwart,What a ride.
76561198343991270,Recommended,303210,28971709,Posted: 3 January,all,fenrir22fenrir,wow........i was going to say some thing about how it made me feel and think but.............................wow.
,Recommended,303210,18957650,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dr.Nut,"I came here to play, not to feel."
,Recommended,303210,18300487,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Icjusty,I will be thinking about this game for a long time
,Recommended,303210,18361570,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BadMooMooNo!,"i dont know if i should rate this up or down... its an amazing game, but... i was left severely depressed. Why was this game made? For the sake of pain? I need some time to think about everything i have ever done in life..."
,Recommended,303210,19755404,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Segletgon,"TAKE A FRONT SEAT ON THE EMOTIONAL ROLLER-COASTER, ONLY TEN DOLLARS!"
,Recommended,303210,20024673,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,I don't know
76561198093938603,Recommended,303210,21509931,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kuraikoue,"Perfect game. After i played it i had some much thoughts swirling around in my head. This game catches you and wont let you go, but in a good way. I love the game because it feels like he talks to you and talks about his mistakes so that you understand him. And its the heartbrokens story ever heard after this i would accept his sorry..."
,Recommended,303210,18595326,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Various Horses,"This game made me feel bad for playing it. Made me angry with it and it's creator. Made me feel things I rarely feel and the whole thing is quite uncomfortable. All of these things are true, yet it is perfect. From the pacing, the writing and the aesthetic everything fits together with an incredible and delicate precision to make a devastating whole."
,Recommended,303210,18394761,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kafkaesque_Rhythm,"Your heart will break, and you'll scramble to gather the pieces that drift just out of reach and you'll watch them float away ... hoping maybe one day they'll fall out of the sky and land where you can find them again. But will it matter? Because in the time they were gone ... you lived your life without seeing or hearing it for what it is ... and now that you can ... you don't have the strength to try.It's okay though, right? Because you see the person you're becoming and you know that it's happening but you just can't stop it and everything is falling all around you but you don't care and -That's it.- - -I can't rate this. One of the most depressing, yet beautiful games ever made. Trascending everything to become something so much more. Do not watch this game. Do not watch the trailers. Buy it right now and experience it in full. You'll never forget it."
,Recommended,303210,26466255,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ate50eggs,"Interactive storytelling games aren't for everyone. They're also easy to get wrong (like every Taleworlds game ever). But If you do like the genre, I think this is the best example I've ever played - and I loved Gone Home.It's only good for one playthrough, but it's also only a few bucks. I recommend avoiding all spoilers, including the game's wikipedia page."
76561198128264335,Recommended,303210,30084719,Posted: 21 February,all,mertilovski,Amazing..I hope he will make games again... You will be in the game all in the game.. you will think about it for a while believe me ...Its absolutely amazing
,Recommended,303210,21068199,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,WaffleGod53,The ending got me ='(
,Recommended,303210,19937959,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Clubbins,"""For R"" - Well, Raphael certainly did ask for a very emotional game from the Stanley Parable.He got one..."
,Recommended,303210,33262110,Posted: 4 July,all,WestEasy,"Very immersive story, really gets you thinking."
,Recommended,303210,19859114,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Nellodee,Pretty cheap for an hour and a half of psychiatric therapy.
,Not Recommended,303210,20081942,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DaFlush,Boring!
,Recommended,303210,19381347,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,El Trumpo,This is the first game that has made me question everything and shed a tear.
,Recommended,303210,19381499,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,✌ Charlie Chaos,"Roughly 1.5hrs long, probably not worth the full price but I highly recommend getting this game on sale for <$5.An amazing story and I thoughroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,303210,19382796,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,dylan,"Beautiful game, i highly reccommend especially while it is on sale. If you like The Stanley Parable, you will like this as well. Sad, beautiful, and interesting!"
,Recommended,303210,18435539,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Rubennaatje,"So i'm just going to let you know that I think I found my all time favorite game. I'd say if you are interested in this and you like to think about stuff, buy it. Don't look at any other reviews, dont watch any walktroughs, Just buy it."
,Recommended,303210,32162215,Posted: 3 June,all,wild animal racing lover,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,303210,18364696,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,LD.Pig,(Q.Q) WHY
,Recommended,303210,27604794,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Detective Alton Brown,"I'll admit, this work (I hesitate to call it a game-- digital literature perhaps?) won't be for everyone, but I'd highly recommend it for anyone who considers themselves a creator or art/film/lit critic. The whole game runs about 2 hours, but the experiance of it is far beyond that. I've found myself returning to it, finding new intricacies and developing new theories. In fact, I showed this game to one of my Eng. professors and he said it was fantastic, for what it's worth.I wish I could say more, but I can't go into detail without running the risk of spoiling the experience."
,Recommended,303210,19298367,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jippalippa,"I'm astonished!This game is one of the very few projects that transcends the usual conception of a videogame; it should be experienced by anyone who says games are only good for mindless entertainment.This product delivers a very deep message, which takes advantage of the unique features a videogame has, over other types of narrations, like books, movies or songs.Without spoiling anything, let's just say ""The Beginner's Guide"" is a journey into the troubled mind of a game designer, by looking at his games only.Everybody should play this gem, except those who don't care about human matters or feelings and only want to shoot, kill and jump in games.A revolutionary product which will stimulate deep and revelatory meditations."
76561198171697363,Recommended,303210,20148694,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Soul5396,I feel.....
,Recommended,303210,22687117,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Tobaias,"I find it very odd, the fact that this game (or whatever you want to call it) had such an impact on me, yet I am having such a hard time describing the nature of this impact.I just, I can't find any reference point that relates to this. Sure, I like my walking simulators; I was completely engrossed in Dear Esther and I adore The Stanley Parable. This, this is something different. On it's face it's barely a game, deceptively simple, yet it manages to hit you with an emotional tectonic shift that can forever change your view of the medium. In a way, it has made an impression on me that resist being put in words; it’s like qualia: the taste of strawberries, the color blue, the sound of your favorite music.Most of all, The Beginner's Guide is the most human experience I've ever had in a game. For that, I am forever grateful."
,Recommended,303210,28324697,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GFuel Sal,"What now ?I think i need to go.And... I'm sorry, because I know that I said I would be here and I would walk you through this, but,I'm Starting to feel like I have a lot of work to do.I have a lot that I need to make up for. And so I'm......just going to...Okay."
,Recommended,303210,28757015,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,aç kalanlar,"Felt so deep and nonsense at the same time. Does it worth to play? Yeah, probably."
76561198049693251,Recommended,303210,24094631,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lethal Limit,"I can't say I fully recommend this game to anyone, or that it is an undeniable masterpiece, but it is purely unique.The $10 price tag (I actually bought it on sale for a lower price during the steam summer sale) is astronomical in my eyes.If you can find this game for a couple bucks and have an hour and a half to spend, much like you would with a movie, I can say it is recommended, but don't expect anything going in and you may or may not be dissapointed. It is hard to say, honestly. Everything about it is subjective, and I can definitely see some people thinking this is an amazing peice, or that it is lacking completely. So, in truth, if you can find it cheap, check it out. Form your own conclusions. I don't know, maybe it is just me, but I think it is worthwhile to check out, but certainly not for everybody."
,Recommended,303210,20367468,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Colin Halby,"I feel that labeling The Beginner's Guide as being made by the creator of The Stanley Parable sets a certain amount of expectation on its shoulders--and I'm not sure whether to say it falls short of those expectations, or goes far, far beyond. All I can say is that if you're willing to set some time aside to listen to this story, do so. It's worth the experience."
,Recommended,303210,32509056,Posted: 17 June,all,Xieso,Both an odd and unique experience that you genuinely can't receive from any other game.p gud if i do say so myself hurhur
76561198162747122,Recommended,303210,29073773,Posted: 6 January,all,MichaelCera,"I dont really think this is worth 10 dollars, but if it is on sale, it is a must buy. Also, make sure to play in one sitting, just trust me.10/10 would get the feels again"
,Recommended,303210,27981434,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eorsea,"If I dare to say something about this game, would be...... better not say anything, if you play it you will know why I just don't say more."
,Recommended,303210,29844394,Posted: 11 February,all,Liam Kneeson,"I don't think I've ever written a serious review for a game before now, and I have to say... it was an experience that I don't think I'm ever going to forget. I cried really hard, and I felt a deep resonance with its story, just as many others have felt. If you have the money, buy it. If you don't, save up. It is worth every penny. Now I'm go stare at the ceiling for a while."
,Recommended,303210,30221628,Posted: 27 February,all,Zappa,Not really what you'd expect. A strange intensity that only a game like this can give you.
76561197995732320,Recommended,303210,26449292,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LethalPancakes,"I don't know how to describe what I just experienced. It was really something else. I feel inspired to write, to create stories and characters that are both theraputic to design as well as motivating to its audience. I always loved the Stanley Parable. This is hands down right up there with that masterpiece. Please keep making more games. You redefine the way games should be made. It needs to be an experience that can change you inside like this does. I figure this comment is probably not going to even be looked at. But, if the creators do read this, or others who feel the same, all I can say is well done."
76561198320773314,Recommended,303210,27823669,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aZhU,"I'm not going to be saved, but I will suvived it.I'm not going to get through my whole life, I will never know the solution, but somehow it is okay."
,Recommended,303210,28897815,Posted: 1 January,all,Batton,"One of best game so far, i recommend it if you wanna play powerfull experience like firewatch.This is not the Stanley parable 2, it's something else, an other kind of experience.Big up to the narrator again, i'm not English and i could play without the subtitles without problem."
76561197998383282,Recommended,303210,29049933,Posted: 5 January,all,Ivanzrer skrosh,"I have never played a game as good as this one, and I am confident I never will.I came into it expecting a game resembeling the stanely parable, but it is just.. So much more.I expected to enjoy the game, but still regret spending money, but I do not regret a thing.I feel a 10/10 rating doesn't justify it, given how many other games are rated a 10/10. And a 11/10 or the likes sounds like a joke.I honestly don't know what to say, I am lost for words."
76561197965586252,Recommended,303210,27666679,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Octobastard,This hits me right in the damn feels. Plus it sent my buddy into a week long spiral of questioning every decision he ever made with his life. 10/10 would traumatise my friends with again.
76561198198536890,Recommended,303210,28071005,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LazyLagz,"A truly special game that isn't meant to be rushed. Sit down, take 2 hours out of your schedule and just enjoy it. Saying anything else about the game would ruin the experience. Pack your bags, kiddo's, you're in for a feels trip."
,Recommended,303210,26307858,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"You'll notice that almost all playtimes are just under two hours. That's how long it takes to tell the story, once. And then you sit there for another ten minutes thinking about what you just experienced. It's a fragile, emotional story, one that's definitely not for everyone, but one definitely worth your time."
76561198165776573,Recommended,303210,26454294,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,BSG |Hebi,"this game touched me on an impossible number of levels i feel like a sad unsolvable puzzle wihth infinite peices and nearly none of them fit together, but .... maybe i can be whole again"
76561198157769335,Recommended,303210,26464238,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,seshens,"I'm not sure if I feel more alone than ever, or so terribly connected to other lonely people that everything is ok now. Please, please, try out this....game. Dont play it when you want action, or laughs, as a side note. Thats really all you need to know."
76561198040094765,Recommended,303210,28781645,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DrHubblePhD,"Following up to a game like Stanley Parable is a daunting task. No doubt he knew that. What he managed to do in Stanley Parable is in my opinion refined and surpassed in this title.This game makes a mokery of the worn out and simplistic video game industry. It makes you think, it makes you feel. Its what the future of the industry ought to be.Buy this title if you havent."
,Recommended,303210,27526601,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Justgotsniff,Absolutely a remarkable for anyone looking for a relaxed and well thought out story
,Recommended,303210,27390780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|AUR| Aquarious,"(*Quick note, I have left out details about this game as you should play it first. The best way to expirence this game is to go in blind.*)The Beginner's Guide. A fantastic pice of art that has inspired me to make games of my very own. This game, although lacking in core gameplay features (i.e. shooting mechinace, building/crafting, killing, etc), tell the tragic tale between two people, and how they fell apart. There is truly no other game like it."
76561197984785417,Recommended,303210,27249638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Starman Ultra,"I was blown away by this game. The experience feels much more akin to a movie than a video game, but absolutely necessitates the player's interaction.  Many people judge it by the short playtime or lack of interesting game mechanics. This review is based mostly on a story that, after I finished the game, I had to lay down and think about it for hours. Truly a unique experience."
76561197971455165,Recommended,303210,27978098,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,folksie,"I purchased this game because of Steam reviews - particularly the ones by those people who mentioned having dealt in their own lives with some sort of depression or anxiety issue and who said they found the game touched a nerve. I'm hugely thankful to those people because, yes, this game absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing does. I won't go into why but, believe me, it does.What I will say is that, in addition, it is also one of the most interesting and effective uses of video gaming as a medium to investigate specific questions and concepts. I don't know whether or not it's 'art' and I'm not sure whether that's a useful question to ask, but I firmly believe that what it *is* is an incredibly nuanced and intelligent attempt to tackle very relatable issues which stands head to head with many books, films, essays, music etc. etc.Side note: JackSepticEye has a beautiful playthrough of this game which completely changed my perception of him as a youtuber.Folksie Out!"
76561198091662675,Recommended,303210,29051411,Posted: 5 January,all,brenden208,"I can definitely say, I did not expect this.The Beginner's Guide is a game, that felt nothing like a game while I was playing it. I was being told a story, and it slowly drew me in more and more; I was walking around virtual levels, but they felt real, not as if I was actually there, but as if they were more than just levels, and every bit of the narrative felt immensely important. When the game ended, I found myself frantically questioning it, my interpration of what I just experienced, and myself, in a state no other game has ever put me in. This, truly is, an experience.One thing is absolutely essential for this game's impact though: you have to be able to become deeply ingrossed with the story, or you will not find much here. If you never really pay attention to stories in the games you play, then this one might not be for you, but, then again, if you are willing to try, this might be just the game to change that.Overall, it was a superb experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone who thinks they might enjoy it--this game can take you somewhere maybe you have never been before, or maybe you have, and it will be all the more effective for it.It lasts around an hour and thirty minutes for most people, and at its full price, you are basically paying a little more than what you would for a movie ticket, for an experience you will likely never forget. Of course, if the price still seems to high, make sure to pick it up when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,303210,27284401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Youcλnusespam,"I don't normally write reviews, but when I do, you know something has either touched me or made me cry.This game is a mix of narritive and walking. It tells the story of someone who is struggling to deal with something they do not understand.This game made me cry and feel happy, it made me think about the little things that we all take for granted in our lives.This game is a number of events leading up to one massive and heartbreaking conclusion.This is why I think this game is astonishing, whats yours?"
,Recommended,303210,19650924,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Valentin,Unique and amazing game. Interesting and fun from the start and strong towards the end.
,Recommended,303210,18335384,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mister Shine,Just let me give this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a hug.
76561198069197461,Recommended,303210,18388045,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kurapika,"A must buy, withouth looking any kind of information about it. Thank me later."
76561198070324417,Recommended,303210,18389200,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Monarch,deep stuff
,Recommended,303210,26738115,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cony,"I went into this game expecting The Stanley Parable 2 and instead got a really emotional story. My experience might not be like others, but the growing sense of unease I felt as the story continued with the payoff at the end...it was definitely worth the €9 to me.I'm not sure how many other games of this type (i.e. ones without gameplay) I'd be able to stomach, but the way the story unfolds in this is definitely worth it. I'm glad I played this game"
,Recommended,303210,26753211,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,maydaysoup,"Excellent story about art, creativity, and publicity. It's beautiful in both an artistic and visual sense; the storytelling is fantastic but the music and visuals back it up very well.Made me think a lot harder about myself and my relationship to game development and art. This is one of those games that doesn't take long to play, but you need to set aside a couple hours of quiet time to be introspective after it ends. Decent replay value in the sense of there being a lot of material to reinterpret after you finish the game. You want to play through it again the next day.The developer of this game took a huge creative risk with Beginner's Guide, and not just anyone could have pulled it off well. It may sound ridiculous to say that 1.8 hours of game time is worth a $10 price tag, but honestly, it is. If it's on sale, even more reason to buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18298549,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Admiral Nemo [JSSG],Less than two hours long and yet more memorable and intriguing than 99% of all games I've ever played.
76561197978172485,Recommended,303210,18301860,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Krex,ah... yup
,Recommended,303210,18341317,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ckvega,"If you're expecting Stanly Parable levels of quality, you may find the experince too narrow and limited. There is an emotional story to be told, and I did enjoy it.On a positive note, you can probably finish it before the 2 hour refund limit is reached."
,Recommended,303210,19322545,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Shake,"I was not emotionally prepared for this. It spoke to me on more levels than I'd ever like to admit. If, one day, you ever do understand what he meant; please tell us."
76561198079495348,Recommended,303210,20044428,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,clean shirt,10/10 10/10 100/100 best game best game
76561198038987777,Recommended,303210,20054086,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tom-the-Fox,"The more you know about this game before you actually play it, the less of an effect it will have on you. That fact is simple enough to understand, so take that, believe it, buy the game, and go. Walk in to this game with no expectations, and just let it take you through what it wants to show you. The only advice I can give anyone reading this review is to simply let yourself think, let yourself experience it, you know? Because this is a game where eveyone will take away something different from, and that's okay. Buy it, and see what it means to you. I know it meant a hell of a lot to me."
,Recommended,303210,20732511,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sprie™,"Good game, though it can get a little boring at times."
,Recommended,303210,20716067,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,"Сомrade ""Ceremy Jorbyn"" Skel",15 minutes = ok kind of boring I don't know where this is going1 hour and 15 minutes = OH GOD THE FEELS
76561198298659948,Recommended,303210,23823833,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,karizzz,This game reminded me of what it's like to feel human.
76561198054347030,Recommended,303210,21901054,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Brodie Bash,"""He was, himself, the most horrible creature he could imagine""-Random Blue NoteThis game is an astonishing view of the human psyche and what one sees in one's self. Writing this review is near impossible to do, this game left me speechless. The Beginner's Guide will leave you with a feeling of emptiness, fullness, happiness, and sadness all in a span of approximately 2 hours. This game is best played very late at night, it makes the emotions experienced 1,000 times more real. In the process of playing the game I cried twice (""Wow, he cried. What a ♥♥♥♥♥""- You as you read this review) once from the shock of experiencing the work placed in these games. However the second time will truly stick with me for years to come, it came from realizing what simply playing games meant to me. Simply put it changed the way I view not only games but any media whatsoever. Ironically it has changed my interpretation of interpretation itself. Worth every penny 10/10. BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY"
,Recommended,303210,19941468,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lordx1095,"I honestly don't know how to begin to describe this game. Saying anything of the story would spoil it. There have been many ""walking simulators"" out there. I've played few of them, but none of them have struck me the way that this one has. As the story progressed I went from just interested in seeing what was coming next to just being emotionally invested. It gave me chills that very few games have managed to do. This is something you need to play from start to finish. Maybe you'll come to love it as I have, or maybe you'll hate it. Either way, you need to play this.My rating: Buy It(if you want an actual ""score"" for it: 9/10)"
,Recommended,303210,24749949,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Linksrattikarl,best 92 min of art ever
,Recommended,303210,23791830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kazenone,"I've just finished playing and I barely have the words to describe it.This game is emotionally powerful, and I feel like I experienced something very intimate and personal, and almost feel it wasn't something I was supposed to see at all..."
,Recommended,303210,23776630,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ArcaneM37,"Wow. I just finished this game. Played it through in one shot and took my time, so it doesn't meet the ""pay no more than $1 and hour"" rule I usually put on my games, even on sale, but it was worth full price and so much more.If you let it, this game will touch you.It could be described as a ""walking simulator"" as you do not actually have to do anything but walk and listen, but it will take you on an emotional journey more than an atmospheric one.It was not the game I expected. This is not another Stanley Parable. This is the glimps into the mind of two men, the narrator, and the game developer.If you can handle a few hours of seriousness and heavy topics, this game is one you don't want to pass up."
76561198130382972,Recommended,303210,23785774,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mr. Gamish,"This is a game about human mind and brain.It makes you think and wonder all about the behavior of people-Why do they act like they do?This game is creative, it's well executed, and it's just fascinating!Apart from that, the developer, who talks to you in the game, does a great job making you feel he talks personally with YOU.This game is absolutely recommended to anyone who wants a different game: A game of exploration, thinking, and wondering.P.S- Dear developer, I really hope you are working on your next game!"
76561198025338190,Recommended,303210,24184717,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Brian,I'm just like Davey. After playing this game I can't stop showing it to peopleand I can't stop begging him to make more!!
,Recommended,303210,24474587,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,c.svenjax,"A meta game.All puzzle pieces are echoed. All emotion traces too. Cries, metaphors, sympathy and unwanted sympathy, all echoing within me.When I play a game, who am I communicating with.Just finished this game and can't stop thinking. I have so much more to say than merely ""recommended"" but that's it."
,Recommended,303210,24307843,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,WhiteButHip,The debate is over; video games can be art.Source:  The Beginner's Guide.
,Recommended,303210,23912744,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yog-Sothoth knows the Gate,You should probably play it. I don't really have anything else to say.You should probably play it.
,Recommended,303210,23915122,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,abe.austin,Bought it on a Steam sale...felt guilty for being so cheap :'(
,Recommended,303210,22698233,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Egossi,"Truly an emotional ride!Throughout this game there wasn't a single emotion or feeling I can say I didn't expirience.I see this game not as ""just a game"" but also as a piece of art.8.5/10"
,Recommended,303210,19623751,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,X'estrix,This game gave my girlfriend an emotional breakdown that lasted almost an entire day.:( out of 10
76561198042380931,Recommended,303210,18422552,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Steve Biko,Deeper then the got damn marianas trench
,Recommended,303210,18327172,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The McLovinMuffin,A very interesting experience.
,Recommended,303210,29881796,Posted: 12 February,all,t.rista,"This is a very interesting game.The story is very undirective but also very controlled at the same time, maintaining simplicity in every level with a typical Source Engine feel to each level that generates the ever present feel of ominouscity that adds a layer of complexity and exploration to the entire experience.It delves into the players emotions and deeply involves them with the narrator, forcing them to bond with his personality which remains omnipresent throughout.This makes the end of the game all the more devastating. After being inticed into believing Cody is the one with a problem, this reality is shattered as you come to terms with the fact that the one with the real problem is in fact the narrator through which you have perceived Cody: causing an unnameable mix of emotions as you see the spiral of your new friend into madnessAn incredible game that looks into many aspects of the human psyche- definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,18416413,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tgk.,Game of the year 10/10
,Recommended,303210,28011046,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lilgreenman,"There aren't nearly enough games like this. More cutting-edge than Call of Duty, in ways that will probably wind up being more important."
76561198025861536,Recommended,303210,28702684,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tote,It was like this game was made for me.
,Recommended,303210,29888511,Posted: 12 February,all,mrknifey,"This is a haunting, brain effing story told in fps style. Get it."
,Recommended,303210,26444847,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sheep,I have no words.
,Recommended,303210,29031616,Posted: 5 January,all,BLAINROO,This game is like nothing I have ever experienced.Please play it.
,Recommended,303210,29182871,Posted: 11 January,all,Maj,"The Beginner's Guide addresses a lot of heavy issues in its 90-minute journey: Depression, loneliness, self-doubt, and the need for validation are but a few of the topics touched upon. Despite the inherent veil of fiction, Wreden's narration is well-written and feels honest.A what you need at the right time kind of thing but I loved Stanley Parable and I loved this title."
76561198120924164,Recommended,303210,28785191,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Arcana,"The Beginners Guide:I don’t know where to start with this game. It left me feeling something I haven’t felt before, and it was a strange feeling. It wasn’t a bad feeling, but it wasn’t a good feeling. It was something not happy but not sad. The closest thing I can liken it to is a sense of wonder and intrigue. The events in this game lead me in a very strange direction, a direction of knowing nothing while at the same time thinking I know everything that happened in the span of the hour and a half I played this game for. The events in this game lead you in a certain direction, as curated by Davey, but leave enough room for interpretation that they make each choice meaningful for each individual player. The Beginners Guide left a narrative with a linear story open to a wide variety of interpretation, which is something that Is hard to pull off. This game also has sparked a wide variety of discussion based on different aspects on the game, Coda specifically. This game has done something special for me, and many others, which is give an experience that lasts past when you close the game. It leaves a lasting effect on you, the characters are memorable and their actions are even more memorable. Each moment in the game is memorable, from the thought bubbles to the house cleaning this game made every chapter stick in my head. And that’s something I’d like to see more of."
,Recommended,303210,29258589,Posted: 14 January,all,Iosif Stalin,"Buy this game. Play it. Don't stop until you have finished it. Think about it 5 minutes, then open youtube and watch Errant Signal's review. Think about this game even more.Go on with your life, try not to eat your own brain. Just, from time to time, remember this game, play it once more, it's roughly an hour and a half. Remember what it tries to teach you, remember what it tries to tell you.That's all."
76561198070660959,Recommended,303210,29037079,Posted: 5 January,all,phbeecheng,It's more like a book rather than a game.
76561198008177553,Recommended,303210,29070747,Posted: 6 January,all,Mr.Pink,I've played 2 hours and had my heart touched 176 times so far.It really hurts.How do you turn that off?
,Recommended,303210,26696055,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Duchy,"This game is for gamers, that like a good story. Don't expect this game to be a game, expect it to be a piece of art. A narrative driven walking simulator, that will make you question your life, create a new viewpoint on people and how people minds work.Pros:IdeaGraphicsNarrationCons:Length (1,5hrs)No replay valuePriceIf you have the chance to pickup this piece of art on sale..go for it(and I'd recommend the Stanley Parable bundle, since both games are masterpieces)Overall score: 8,5/10(may not be for everyone)"
,Recommended,303210,28707575,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BK | cont,"Honestly one of the best games I've ever played, and despite it not having anything special gameplay-wise, it connected with me on a level that few games ever have.  Sat there for a long time just staring into space after my first playthrough.10/10, but don't go in with any expectations, it'll be better that way."
76561198144831986,Recommended,303210,28692879,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lop90804,"This is a very astounding game, but honestly I'm not sure it qualifies as a game. It's art, honestly. I got it on sale, but no matter the price, it's worth it. Go in with no knowledge other than it is fantastic."
,Recommended,303210,29220756,Posted: 13 January,all,"Hello, my friend!","I don't think that this game is for everyone.  While I absolutely adore it, I think I fall into that certain group of people whose emotional vulnerability really resonates with the message this game eventually gets to.  To me, the reveal really felt like an emotional punch to the gut, and I can really appreciate that kind of thing.The bottom line is that it'll take you less than two hours to complete.  So if it doesn't really click with you, you'll have the ability to refund it afterward and all you've lost is 90 minutes.  So unless you've got other things you'd much rather be doing with your 90 minutes, this is definitely worth a shot."
,Recommended,303210,32806837,Posted: 26 June,all,Dihydrogen Monoxide,"An amazing expirence, making one contemplate their own existance in this weird messed up world of ours. It asks a very simple question of all of us. Why? Why try? Why act? Why do? Why live? It makes you wonder... what is, in this whole universe of ours, our existance? Why do we matter, if we even do? An emotionial rollercoaster, that simply connects. 11/10, a must play for everyone, gamers and non-gamers alike."
,Recommended,303210,32731636,Posted: 24 June,all,damn_vegetables,"I got this game on the strength of The Stanley Parable, and I really enjoy it for what it is. Like The Stanley Parable, it uses the medium of games to create narratives that would otherwise be difficult to unveil in other media. It explores aspects of being human, being alive, and interpersonal relationships. As well as the relationship between a person, art, and its creator. I really don't want to get into the details or what you experience in the game as it would ruin the experience to do so. I've played through once, and I intend to go thorugh it a couple more times to see what is going on that I missed the first time."
76561198276020956,Recommended,303210,32840008,Posted: 26 June,all,Busierscroll792,The Beginners Guide its one of those games that you should play for at least one time in your life
,Recommended,303210,33028179,Posted: 30 June,all,BULiK,This art is too real fam
76561198281926253,Recommended,303210,23571066,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Axolittle,"It'd be more accurate to describe ""The Beginner's Guide"" as an experience than a game. I didn't know what to expect, but I certainly don't regret playing it. I've never played a game that made me feel so alone but somehow so close to someone I've never even met. It's lonely, poignant, surreal, and I don't intend to return to it for quite some time. To describe it any further would ruin it for those who haven't played it yet."
76561197990179473,Recommended,303210,33063072,Posted: 30 June,all,xavier20xg6,This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,303210,33065894,Posted: 30 June,all,Jaycen,This is a beautiful game that explores the philosophy and ethics of how we interact with and consume media.
,Recommended,303210,33065439,Posted: 30 June,all,TheVanillaBeaner,"An absolutely great experience that will get to you in such a clever way you won't even see it coming. While it is quite short, like many other reviews have said, it's more of an experience than a game. Don't buy this expecting a conventional ""game"" because you'll be dissapointed because it's quite short (perfect length for the content), but if you like other 'walking simulators' such as the Stanley Parable and Gone Home, this will be right up your alley.10/10 it really sticks with you."
,Recommended,303210,32843761,Posted: 26 June,all,Khorosho,"GG, 3deep5me"
,Recommended,303210,32660844,Posted: 22 June,all,RubenVictoriano,I have never related to a game more in my entire life. I have never before been brought to tears by a game that lasted only 90 minutes.
,Recommended,303210,33025235,Posted: 29 June,all,Bibbedpoet7,"this game was just.. so beautiful.  its not a game, its an experience. its deep and emotional. just jaw dropping. truly an ""omg"" moment. when i finished the game, i literally just got up from my compuer and walked away. truly amazing. buy it"
,Recommended,303210,33021220,Posted: 29 June,all,Dersniperer,"after just finishing it, i'm still not sure what to think, but that is one fine story. would definately reccomend."
,Recommended,303210,33018710,Posted: 29 June,all,TopHatGentlemen,I love this game. And I'd say you will also love this game depending on who you are. If you are interesting in thsi game just buy and it and see it for your self. The best way to experience tis game is through the game itself.
,Recommended,303210,33068085,Posted: 30 June,all,ChefPie,"I don't... Know what itt means, but at the same time it's supposed to be the that way, making us all feel, really human at the end, trying to help and, prosper in life, I'm not going to lie, I cried, and am I ashamed, not a chance.This is my black space"
,Recommended,303210,33085215,Posted: 1 July,all,KaminA,"This game was beyond weird. I came in for an experience similar to Stanley's, I actually came out with a superb insight about game creation. I don't really know nor care if Coda is real or not, if the story is fiction or non-fiction. I'm not disturbed by the game lasting less than 90 minutes even with a few bathroom breaks. This game was an actual experience, something I often can't find in games lasting even ten times this one. Thanks a lot Davey and please in the future give us a ""solution"", we want to hear your version!"
,Recommended,303210,18325753,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Subject,"This game really touched me, almost let a tear9/10"
76561198158977840,Recommended,303210,32379218,Posted: 12 June,all,Long Schlong Silver,"if youre an emotional teenager that would like to play an emotional game for a day to feel your emotions as a little girl, and then tell your self that you can be a better person only to realize an hour later that you really do want that fat♥♥♥♥♥peice of pie in the fridge rather than staying focused on big life changing emotions. And then! another hour later! realizing that your life will not be different, it will always be the same, you are silly to even let the game play with your fragile, child like emotions, and youre ok with being a POS. This is the game for you! BIG THUMBS UP!"
76561198177744754,Recommended,303210,32813481,Posted: 26 June,all,Selby_Hunter,"This game has left me with so many emotions yet I feel hollow. It is an interesting game to be sure. I feel like I will reflect on this game for a long time to come. I love games that impact the way we think, feel or just make us stop for a moment, and the Beginners Guide did not disappoint."
76561197999520001,Recommended,303210,20655631,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[RAGE] Genis Sage,"This wasn't a fun game. I do not feel like I won. It was, however, a worthwhile experience. For the price of a theater's admission, I feel like I got my money's worth. The time was equatable, but the experience was so much more than anything that could've succeeded on the big screen."
76561198042277097,Recommended,303210,18333070,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Don_Dakota,"This Game is NOT the Stanley Parable, only insofar as both use the Source-Engine. The estimate of one and a half hours of game-time was spot on for me and there isn't much to do to extend it. There is no real replayability.But even this short time is worth the pricetag. The experience not only impacts one more than most if not any other games, but lingers beyond the play-time. Spoilers beyond the introduction (first level) will probably take away from this experience."
,Recommended,303210,32977595,Posted: 29 June,all,evandavis47,"Don't read the reviews, just try it. You probably got a cheap Steam code from Humble or something, right? Just dive in. The less you know, the better."
76561198017362991,Recommended,303210,18309586,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kefkafish,"This is a game... no... this isnt a game... this is... an insight. To anyone with a friend who doesnt come out to play sometimes. For anyone who can't understand why someone would throw themselves into a job that they seem to hate. This is an opportunity to go inside the mind of that one friend that you treasure, but just cannot understand. Spend the 8-10 bucks and the hour or 2 to go through this, and I think you might have a better understanding about someone you really care about."
,Recommended,303210,33043049,Posted: 30 June,all,unforgiven,A nice story told through video games.I feel like crap now.
76561198136317085,Recommended,303210,33143084,Posted: 2 July,all,zesty xylaphone,One of those games you just have to sit down and play without any preconcieved notions.
,Recommended,303210,18284241,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,exotic butters,"BEFORE READING THIS REVIEW AND/OR BUYING THIS GAME, CONSIDER THIS: IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A TYPICAL GAME WITH GAMEPLAY AND A STORYLINE AND AN EXPLICIT GOAL, THIS IS NOT THE GAME YOU ARE LOOKING FOR. THIS OFFERS AN MEANINGFUL EXPERIENCE.ALSO, THERE IS SENTIMENT IN THE GAME, SO IF SENTIMENT WILL NEGATIVELY AFFECT WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR IN A GAME, THIS IS ALSO NOT THE GAME YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.Skip to bottom for TL;DR.On to my thoughts: (SPOILERS!)I found this to be very motivating and sentimental. I played through the whole game, straight, today. I hope that Coda sees Davey's meaning and intentions here. What Davey did seemed like he meant well, I can't say that his interpretation of how he felt Coda was feeling was wrong. Because just like music and subtle hints, there are messages that might make you come to conclusions like Davey's. Maybe sharing Coda's games without his permission was uncalled for, but again, I think Davey meant well.For Davey's sake, I can only hope that Coda will reach out and touch base, and forgive Davey. Maybe they won't be friends after the apology, but I think before that can even happen, what needs to happen is Davey and Coda standing on even ground, talking out their problems, and just laying to rest what has been eating away at Davey.TL;DR: Here's my rating and opinions:The description of this game very explicitly states what this game is about. I loved the gameplay, and I loved the dialogue. This game is unique in what it is about, and what the end message is. If you loved The Stanley Parable, it is similar in the way that an omniscient speaker guides you though, but what the guiding takes you on a much deeper journey. I think the game was a little highly priced for what it was, but it was not at all a bad experience and I'm glad I purchased this game."
,Recommended,303210,28553133,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,G.C.,"Whether you're interested in the game making process or not, the human element that drives this creation is something to experience. I went in blind (as I suggest you do as well) and it became something I had not expected as well as something I didn't think I would connect with in such a large way.I appreciate work of this manner and I am ever so glad I got to experience it.Thank you."
,Recommended,303210,33066683,Posted: 30 June,all,Herox01,"Well, I invite anyone who is still pondering, almost a year and a half after this game has been released, to buy this experience and enjoy it, or, at the very least, give it a try. It couldn't be more of a deal in the summer sale as well. So, I suggest everyone should give it a try, not because of the sale, but because of the importance of the experience and insight this game can provide."
76561198055932743,Recommended,303210,19346836,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Gunsillie,It's impossible to write a review for that game. But I liked it; I liked it very much.
,Recommended,303210,32419025,Posted: 14 June,all,Drummyralf,"An amazing short experience! For some reason Steam didn't record my full playthrough, but you'll go through this game in about 1-2 hours.This game is great for aspiring gamedesigners. The idea that you don't neccessarily have to make a full-fletched game as your projects becomes apparant throughout when you find yourself enjoying the small levels that this game offers. Start small, make a single idea into a game. Try different and new things. That is what this game is all about: Small, bite-sized levels with a gimmick. Just to see how that would work.And then there is the story... The narration is amazing! It tells the story of a game designer. And that story actually has a great resolve in the end! I was interested throughout the entire game on where it would go, and was not disappointed.Great short experience"
,Recommended,303210,18390104,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Racookitty2 [PieNinjaPR],"WOW. That was a roller coaster. The idea of little snippits of someones work is very interesting, and to have an awesome narrator going over it was SUPER COOL. The play time might seem short compared to the price tag, but the experience is phenomenal, and after you play it, you will question EVERYTHING. It is a look into the human behind the game, and it's extremely well-crafted and keeps you on the edge of your seat constantly. The levels themselves are always interesting and bizzare, featuring strange concepts or interesting dialogue and interactivity. The end is the best ending to anything I have EVER witnessed in my entire life.OVERALL! This game is a 10/10 for me, and is up there as #2 of my favoritesest gamez. Seriously, it's worth your money. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,303210,19355425,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jimmy Dean,"This is possibly the most powerful piece of media ive ever experienced. This game will absolutly change your life. I would give it a rating but it doesnt matter, buy it! That's all i have to say. If its on sale, buy it! If its not on sale, buy it! Really! Its incredable."
,Recommended,303210,18295730,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lizzie B,"Don't read reviews. Don't watch LPs. Just pay the $10 and play it - it will only take a couple hours. Full screen, headphones on, non-stop from begining to end. Go on. I'll wait."
76561198009164046,Recommended,303210,20380399,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,optic5471,"This is one of the most incredible games I have ever played. Bioshock Infinite was amazing, but this takes the cake by a mile. This game follows a narrative (stay with me, I understand, thats strange for a game, but keep reading) in which we see a man trying to explain to us a person that he knows through the creations he has made. At first it seemed a little strange, but it quickly grasped my interest and I was sucked in and couldnt stop playing it. When I play a game, I look for how I get attached to a character in it. Bioshock Infinite got me attached to Elizabeth, as a protector. An amazing way to do that considering the end of the game...no spoilers here :). This game does a similar thing. It brings emotion into what you are doing, in a meaning way that you enjoy. This game is by far, my favorite game of all time now. It is so good, so deep, so driven. I am unsure on exactly how to explain it. Its like a movie, and a story, mashed into a game. The way the game is done is just incredible, like a letter to a friend. Just play it, its worth it, completely and utterly worth it. Just open the door...and find the light at the end...."
,Recommended,303210,20022813,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,thePeopleMover,This game is a goosebump machine.
76561198053205003,Recommended,303210,18507652,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Shy Dad,Just wow
,Recommended,303210,26482086,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dabscherata,Makes you remember all the important things you´ve lost in your life
,Recommended,303210,18746981,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ElDanteDelAnte,"This game brought me to literal tears. I want to show this game to everyone, yet I feel guilty for wanting to do that. Never have I felt this kind of self-confliction. I feel guilty even just for having played it."
76561198001991041,Recommended,303210,18415868,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Wasuremono,So the game Raphael was craving for saw the daylight and brought tears to many eyes. 10/10
76561197989961572,Recommended,303210,21113186,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[Mumin] Glitch King,"I am not entirely sure what I just played. But I know it made me feel many things, not all of them great and maybe thats good. What I know for certain is that this felt meaningful, and as the narator talks about, I saw myself in it, in more ways than I expected too and I suspect many people will find a little bit of themselves in this game. I can whole heartedly recommend it for a quiet evening."
76561198061622289,Recommended,303210,20207380,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Angry Pug,Very strong and touching; if you have the money and a couple hours to sit down an play. Just do it.
,Recommended,303210,24098762,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TehDust,That was an experience...Recommending because I got the game on sale. Not enough content to justify a $10 price tag.
,Recommended,303210,18319180,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pogo,"(Note for people using controllers: gamepad mapping asks you to assign buttons to ""chat1, chat2, and chat3"", all this means is selecting answers in segments which contain multiple-choice questions.)If you are any type of creative, even if you only consider yourself a hobbyist, you should give this one a play. The ideas explored here don't just pertain to game designers.I will say this: If you're looking at this game because you've seen/played The Stanley Parable, you should know that The Beginner's Guide is not driven by comedy/satire.As with any narrative-driven game, it's hard to describe without risking spoilers, but basically you're guided through a series of short first-person games created (but not previously released) by the same dev. As you pass through certain sections, Davey (Stanley Parable creator, who compiled these games for release) narrates with his perspective of what he thinks the dev was trying to convey. Some of it is open to interpretation, and you'll probably notice some repeated themes along the way.Door/10PS If you're not a creative person, you might still benefit from playing this, as it might help you understand creative people and creative process a bit better."
,Recommended,303210,20733873,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Wakkachikka,"loved the game, although ending is a bit of a downer imo.has a strong Nabokov influence, at least at the beginning, the way he describes the character."
,Recommended,303210,19033066,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Dinoracha,"[To be clear; I do not believe that The Beginner's Guide is a game in the typical definition as an interactive piece of media, and instead I view it as a story vessel. As such, I'm reviewing it based on how well it communicates itself in this form and not from a gameplay standard.]Without getting into the argument of 'are video games art', I am not the target audience for games that are focused on delivering a moral or a lesson instead of a gameplay-based experience. My own cynicism makes me rather numb to the emotions and feelings conveyed by the developer, which makes the whole experience fall flat, which in most cases is a fault of my own, not the developer. That said, I would be giving blatant spoilers if I explained why The Beginner's Guide struck something of a nerve with me, even if it was so heavy-handed that it ended up polarizing my feelings come the final act. The mixture of human thoughts and emotions that are channeled into game development is an interesting subject to tackle, but too many of the answers are spoon fed to the player instead of letting us sit and stew on the material.The Beginner's Guide is a tale on the often fragile link between game developers and their players, or more specifically between Davey Wreden (developer of The Stanley Parable) and one of his friends, Coda, who makes many odd, brief games yet never releases them to the public ... Wreden acts as the narrator, putting up his thoughts and evaluations using Coda's games as the backdrop, often pausing to share his feelings regarding Coda, their relationship and what the games mean. The games in question are shuffled in and out in a timeline, most of them are  relatively brief, yet they're padded with Wreden's discussion. The longer ones require a bit more time for you to navigate their linear paths, and Wreden provides narration to accompany you. At times though, I felt that Wreden's narration bled into the scene at hand a bit too much, being more of a distraction than anything relevant to the situation.The games that Wreden has you traverse aren't anything to write home about, but their quality isn't the focus of The Beginner's Guide; specifically you're asked to look at the design and reasoning behind the games, to analyze not the games themselves, but the process of creating them in the first place, and where Coda was coming from as he did. However, more often than not does Wreden just out and out give you the 'answers' or the meanings, leaving little room for you to come up with your own theories. Not much is left a mystery save for Coda himself, who can only be put together in the player's mind through Wreden's depictions of him and through his games. You learn more and more about Coda as you proceed through the timeline, but it's painful how on the nose some of the revelations can be; a machine to represent the thought process. Fleeing from sliding prison bars into darkness. Repetition of a known entity. Yes Wreden, the player can see these themes and what they represent, so explaining them in fine detail is simply beating them over the head with a limp fish. Even if the player doesn't immediately understand the themes, there's something to be said for showing, not telling.It's Wreden himself that ends up souring most of the experience for me unfortunately. While he is well-spoken and keeps the script casual, like he's speaking directly to yourself as a person and not as a player, he ends up coming across as far, far too practiced in his narration, losing much of the personal touch. This is debilitating because in later acts Wreden's analysis and discussion begins to fall apart at the seams which is both unexpected and unsettling, my comfort zone feeling threatened much in the same way as Coda's, having his games released publicly against his will. The tone shifts from discussing and analyzing the games of an introverted individual to a self-admitted confessional of a man trying to understand and fix something he cannot where it's arguably not his place, or even right, to do so. The final game the player is put through is as clear cut of a personal barrier as one can create, and the big revelation in it was such a sudden, sharp punch to the gut that it rattled me more than I care to admit. But there was still that nagging doubt in my mind about how Wreden's narration here felt disingenuous due to its practiced delivery, and by the credits roll I was left feeling a bit emotionally betrayed because of this.I can't state enough how much my expectations were subverted partway into The Beginner's Guide. I had done nary an ounce of research about the 'game' when I purchased it, and all I expected was an essay on game development done in interactive form. While I was never able to shake that doubt regarding Wreden's unnatural narration, the surprising change in tone and message was certainly welcomed, putting my fears of the game merely being a rambling tangent on video game creation to rest. A good part of the analysis is on video game creation, namely the creative process itself and not the technical development. I can't really remember the last time I was sat down, shown and talked to about what someone was thinking or feeling when they put something into a game, generally commentary like that is reserved for developer logs filled with so much technical lingo that any person touch feels artificial at that point. Your mileage with The Beginner's Guide may vary greatly from mine; in the end my sympathy for Coda became astronomical and I had to swallow my heart back down my throat during the final act. It's the tonal shift that ends up making me give The Beginner's Guide a confident recommendation, but remember: this isn't a game that's meant to challenge you or put any of your gaming skills to the test. You're going to be listening, looking and learning - If this doesn't interest you, then by all means pass it by."
76561198133300102,Recommended,303210,33816637,Posted: 26 July,all,Waldi,"Fantastic story which leads to you giving thought to many different topics mentioned in the game. If you are fine with playing a game which is basically just a walking simulator (with a great story!) , its definetely worth the price. (I bought it in sale.)"
,Recommended,303210,32031679,Posted: 28 May,all,Froody,"It's powerful. It's worth pondering for a long while, worth talking about and questioning. The Beginner's Guide is clever and indefinable, the most brilliantly meta game possible."
76561198365920253,Recommended,303210,32814938,Posted: 26 June,all,exeladon,it is a good game that lets you experiance a profound change in someones life.10/10
,Recommended,303210,30645277,Posted: 20 March,all,[2o2p] OrDaned,"If you think the statements ""Video games are art"" or ""Interactive fiction provides new and interesting ways to explore the human condition"" are stupid, The Beginner's Guide will almost certainly be a waste of your time.Conversely, if those phrases peak your interest, you might want to give this game a try. It's inexpensive, and at the worst you'll be out an hour and a half or so. Hopefully, you'll get to the end with new things to think about and a new perspective on the creative process."
,Recommended,303210,18494263,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Catty!,"The game.... This game is absolutely astonishing. It's astonishing in a way that it leaves me speechless. It leaves me questioning everything. It's because I don't know. It's just moving. However, I wouldn't consider this a ""revelation"". I'm just going to stop here and make this point. None of these ""experiences"" you read here will matter, because it's what you perceive from this that tells you what the game is about to you. And, to know what that is, you're going to have to expereince it yourself."
76561198062656097,Recommended,303210,20162767,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Noah.G,"Even beginning to discuss this game creates spoilers. I would suggest you scroll right back up now, buy the game, play it (it's only 1 and a half hours, and it only feels like 10 minutes), and then maybe read the reviews or community page. This was one of the most emotionally intense experience I've ever had playing a video game. It's a game that manages to be not about itself, but something more, something bigger than itself. Just buy it already!"
,Recommended,303210,27717438,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ONYX,"To say anything about this game does it an injustice. Moreover, I can barely think of anything to say about this game that wouldn't either ruin the point or spoil it in some way. Stop reading reviews, play it.It is a game that starts many discussions, one of which I might start on a blog and link to here in the future.This is a game I am going to be thinking about for a very, very long time."
76561198133230864,Recommended,303210,20738311,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TechnoShindo,How can mirrors be real if Coda isn't real?-Jaden Smiff
,Recommended,303210,18390162,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Chosen Fundead,"Well this game is something special. All you need to do is listen. You don't need to understand right away, maybe you won't get it completely. I don't think anyone will really, and that is what makes it special. Trying to understand someone you care for and never fully getting the picture. Never getting the answers from them. Heartbreaking."
,Recommended,303210,27737238,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GrandpaPorkchop,"If you're a fan of watching a story that utilises the freedom of design that a video game gives you, while also creating an amazing narrative. I can offer nothing better than this game."
,Recommended,303210,19740092,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,xXx_xXx_xXx_xXx_xXx,amazing game! Really emotional ending
,Recommended,303210,19883969,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,fserb,"If you are my friend, just ping me and I'll buy you this game."
,Recommended,303210,18718717,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,plenum,"If you are a fan of the Stanley Parable you should purchase this. I can't say anything more without spoilers. Like the other reviews say, do not watch videos of it. Play it."
76561198170908155,Recommended,303210,31477104,Posted: 30 April,all,Xefros,"Damn... what an experience.At first, I thought this game was just a collection of really interesting, thought provoking games. Like the one where you can only walk backwards. It really got me thinking about what it could mean. All of the games were really unique and just... odd. They were so different and interesting, and I absolutely LOVE games like that.But then it started to get more interesting (stop reading now if you don't want to see spoilers. I HIGHLY recommend playing this for yourself first). The games felt very lonely and just kind of... hopeless. I felt really similar to how Davey felt, just so worried about Coda and thinking about the depression he must've been going through while making these games, and I was just so scared for him, and I felt so helpless knowing there was literally nothing I can do to help this person.When I saw Coda's message to Davey, I started crying. I realized that every time Coda said something about how he needed to make games for people, he was probably talking about needing to make games for Davey, so Davey could enjoy them and feel good about himself when he shared them with people. He had to keep making games for Davey and he felt like he would hurt him if he didn't (At least that was my interpretation. I don't actually know how Coda felt). God  damn it must've been so hard to loose a friend that way, being directly told that HE was the reason he struggled so much. And hearing Davey talking directly to Coda... god my heart just broke.I don't know if it was a good idea for Davey to publish this game for everyone to see, especially since HE'S making the money for the games CODA made. I honestly feel kind of bad for playing them. Coda didn't want anyone to see these, and I voilated his privacy by playing them. But at the same time, it was such a powerful and moving experience that I never would've had if he didn't.This game is truly unique, because the characters are REAL. Every so often I had to remind myself that these were REAL people and these were their REAL stories, not just a fictional story with actors. Knowing that fact made the experience so much more powerful.I hope Coda's okay. I wonder if he's seen this game, and what he thinks of it. I hope he's not upset that people played it. I hope I didn't violate his privacy."
,Recommended,303210,32659567,Posted: 22 June,all,Boldizsár,Very very good one
,Recommended,303210,19368815,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Many Triangles,I've never actually reviewed a game before. If you are here looking at this title then you should definitely pick it up. You will experience a story told in a way that I have personally never experienced before. The story and narration is fantastic. I really can't recommend it enough.Side note: It maxes out at about 2 hours played time so free up some time to play it through in one setting like you're watching a movie.
,Recommended,303210,19292591,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AlexWrench,"A truly post-structuralist game about the space in between the community and the artist, where the art itself resides. While The Stanley Parable was more humorous and maybe more game-like (whatever that means), The Beginner's Guide is infinitely more effective and personal."
,Recommended,303210,18366236,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,khavi™,"So, much like The Stanley Parable, The Beginner's Guide is a thought-provoking game with no clear end that challenges you mentally.I loved everything about this game. While no, it does not have a clear end-point, it's amazing and makes you think. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20438938,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Darth Biomech,"Is this a game? Is this a letter? Is this an art project? I honestly don't know. I don't know what I expecting from the creator of Stanley Parable. But I did enjoy it - in a depressively-melancholic way. Would be too cliche to say ""whoa, this is deep"", but... Whoa, this is deep.Keep making these games."
,Recommended,303210,18335950,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,RIP BurdMan,"This game was beautiful. The beauty in this is different though, it was beautifully sad and depressing... but the whole time you want to know more. I was to say, scared of what the creator was thinking during the making of this. Just playing I felt myself getting sad and more sad as we went through it.It was an emotional roller coaster that only went down,... into the deep abyss that is depession.But it ended."
,Recommended,303210,31452800,Posted: 29 April,all,Phantom Freddy Fazbear,this is a real cool game if you like this like it!
,Recommended,303210,18805691,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Flangdoodle,"I really liked this. To me it's the logical extension of the Telltale Games ""drama told through gaming"" games (Walking Dead, Life Is Strange, Wolf Among Us, Tales From The Borderlands). It starts like a documentary (another idea I really like - documentary told through gaming) and then turns into something different - an introspective journey of self evaluation. Really thought provoking and tons of themes and symbolism to chew on for long after it's finished. I sat afterward for quite a while and mulled it over. I didn't have the emotional catharsis some have said they had, but certainly an intellectual one.I can see where it's not going to be some people's ""cup of tea"". If you're into games simply as entertainment and don't want to have to figure out what the ""point"" is, or if you're looking for something to challenge your skill, you'll hate it. The challenge here is purely intellectual and psychological. In that respect I think this game is going to be a bit of a Rorschach test."
,Recommended,303210,20003345,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Yaywalter,Hold W to dispense feels.
,Recommended,303210,27031131,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlphaTwo,"Absouluely wonderful experience that makes you think about what games are, and the creator behind it and what they may be trying to say."
,Recommended,303210,18284136,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BiggNife,"I played this not really knowing what to expect and finished it feeling punched in the gut. In a good way.If you go into this expecting Stanley Parable 2, please be aware that this is not that. At all, in any way. It's an emotional and fascinating look into one's psyche, and I won't say anything more than that because the less you know about it going in the better.Anyone interested in game design and/or interactive stories should play this. I'll leave it at that."
76561198355806853,Recommended,303210,33199173,Posted: 3 July,all,Gamer335,"Hey game, thanks for my daily dose of vitamin D.D standing for depression... .-."
,Recommended,303210,24092662,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sandwich Maker 2000,So beautifully done and so heart wrenching. It's awesome.
,Not Recommended,303210,18666025,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BinarySplit,"I paid attention, I listened, I followed instructions, I explored when given the opportunity, and ultimately I gained nothing from this experience.The Beginner's Guide tries to invoke emotion and teach a moral lesson. I won't go into details because spoilers will actually spoil the experience if you do decide to play it, and also it is open to interpretation - if I explain my interpretation, you won't seek to find your own. This part was basically lost on me - I found the narrator quite annoying, and lost interest in what he had to say and show."
,Recommended,303210,34348065,Posted: 19 August,all,Timon,"I don't usually write reviews but this game really is something. In fact, I wouldn't call it a game, an experience maybe. Walking through Coda's beautifully narrated experiments and hearing about his supposed relationship with Davey felt like a much needed change of pace, although one can't help but wonder if they might actually be the same person. Regardless, The Beginner's Guide is a deeply personal and emotional project unlike anything I have experienced in my many years of gaming, an absolute recommendation for anyone who takes particular interest in themes such as mental health and the struggles that come with being an artist."
,Recommended,303210,19865253,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jacjac,"Such a beautiful game. I just finished the game and I've been left speechless. It tore at so many of my emotions. It could mean so many different things to so many different people. Sure, there's nothing wrong with playing some FPS and taking down some zombies, but this is a work of art. This had a deeper meaning. This is a story."
76561198072850612,Not Recommended,303210,18639764,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,themashedavenger,"i avoided all the spoilers and played this ""game"" not knowing what to expect.artsy fartsy bullcrap.i regret playing it at all and it made me very angy.if u dont have major mental issues or far too much money, avoid this one."
,Recommended,303210,20925467,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Imagnari,"I can't even begin to find the words to describe this experience.  I expected something silly and fun when I bought this but left feeling all sorts of conflicted, inspired, heartbroken, and just generally mindblown beyong anything else. Everything about it is so captivating and keeps you on the edge of your seat.TL;DR Stop reading reviews and buy the damn game"
,Recommended,303210,19663889,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,alison,"This is a thoroughly interesting walking sim. You wander around a lot of small, linear levels, ostensibly all standalone indie games. Some of these are visually striking, and there are also some well-placed cuts that remind me a little of Thirty Flights of Loving. What ties it together is the narration, which is set up like a developer commentary track. The dialog gets a little too on-the-nose toward the end, which kind of undermines what had up till then been a fairly poignant story, but it's still entertaining. Worth a playthrough if you're into art games. Oh, and the music is very, very good."
,Recommended,303210,28163381,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Blizzard Borealis,I almost cried. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,28901897,Posted: 1 January,all,Basement Dweller,Really getting some deep thoughs after playing this game
76561198085174047,Recommended,303210,28170577,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,McButts,"This game was short, and frankly, a little confusing at first. I recommend picking it up when it's on sale, but watch Errant Signal's review/analysis on youtube. It really cleared things up for me."
,Recommended,303210,29986274,Posted: 17 February,all,fandrfa,"This game is short and can be done in less than two hours, but it is really unique and I really enjoyed the experience I had while playing it."
,Recommended,303210,28917259,Posted: 1 January,all,Seraph,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this was good.
,Recommended,303210,30004458,Posted: 18 February,all,Charles Baxter,It is very interesting and a rollercoaster of glass boxes of emotions.
,Recommended,303210,28904046,Posted: 1 January,all,デッド,"ThIs IsnT a gAmE, sCaMmEd"
,Recommended,303210,29994260,Posted: 17 February,all,*OCB* iBeast,"This isn't a game, it's a piece of art."
,Recommended,303210,19129127,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Eggerd,"This game is like audiobook, but with graphical illustrations. The narrator Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable, shows you some games that a friend of him made. He tells you some of his interpretations about these games and wants you to make your own interpretations. You start to think about his friend; what he might have thought or felt while he made these little games.It's a interesting, deep story - I really liked it, because it told me valuable lesson and gave me a whole new point of view. For me it was worth its money!"
,Recommended,303210,21195029,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: The Beginner’s Guide. A Conversation about Validation.Genre: First Person Thought Provoking Narrative.Developed & Published by: Everything Unlimited LTD.Platform: Windows and Mac.Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged version of this review on A Paladin Without A Crusade. Certain sections were too big to fit in Steam's character limit.PreambleWhen The Beginner’s Guide came out last year, I was intrigued by it. The trailer for it was odd and the connection to The Stanley Parable was intriguing. So, I gave it a go recently and I’ve got some thoughts about it.Warning: there will be spoilers in this review due to the game's short length.Overall Gameplay ThoughtsTBG is a first person narrative video game in a genre that’s often described as a walking simulator. It’s about a player experiencing the narrative the developer wishes to share with minimal interactions. In this case, it’s mostly pressing switches, responding to a very basic conversation system and looking/walking around. It’s a pretty passive experience for an hour and half but there’s enough to keep the player invested.Narrative Discussion (Spoilers)The Beginner’s Guide’s narrative is about Davey Wreden showing off the many small games of an unknown developer called Coda.No, not that Codabut I did wonder for a second in the initial opening. I mean, it wouldn’t be the first time that indie creators came together on a game. But alas, this is a fictional tale. Davey is doing all of this because Coda quit developing games a while ago. So, Davey is showing the Internet these games and his perspectives about them in a bid to get Coda developing again. As Davey narrates, he talks about how he sees Coda through these small little games. That he thinks they give him an insight to who and what Coda is. However, as the game goes along, I start to get a disturbing sense of where this might be going. This was confirmed at a certain point. Davey talks about how he shared these once private works with others because he thought Coda was depressed and needed help to keep going. That Coda needed validation to pick them up again. As someone who is an introvert, I had a feeling that he had gone too far. Coda confirms my suspicions by breaking all contact with him after giving him a final game to play. In it, Coda states very clearly that Davey has a problem, a need to validate himself through Coda’s works and that Davey had taken things way too far by sharing it with others. That he is under the mistaken impression that he knows Coda through his games. Even worse, he had told others that Coda was depressed because of what he interpreted from a couple of games and had changed them through his own edits because he was unhappy with how the games played out. Even though it was distorting Coda’s work. However, it was a problem Davey must work through, not Coda. While all the time, Davey has been changing the work to suit himself and perhaps shows his own failings while doing so.Upon finishing the game, I had quite a bit to ponder over. About my role in sharing other individuals’ work and how I review videogames. That maybe I do this entirely for my own selfish reasons of needing validation. Maybe a small part of me does, but it’s not the guiding force. However, I do think the more cynical interpretation that I’ve seen from others, of what is presented in TBG, is perhaps missing the point it's trying to make. It’s hard to say for certain, of course, but I do think the developer is trying to get the point across….see, it really is that easy to trip up and make the same mistakes Davey makes in the game. I think that this is a game best left up to your interpretation. What the dev may or may not have intended is for him to know. What I can say that I got from TBG is a cautionary tale. That pretending to know someone just based off of their works is dangerous. However, if the point trying to be made is a cynical one about reviewers and how they harm devs or profit off of them, I have one thing to say to that. That I’m in this to share videogames that are worth experiencing I am merely here to talk about and critique what I see as both good and bad ideas in said title. I like to think that what I’m doing is more of a net positive for the developer than myself. But, that’s how I view things. I’m sure some would disagree.PC SettingsRunning off of the Source engine, TBG has all of the expected video, audio and miscellaneous settings that are usually included. Honestly, this game is so short that it’s not really worth listing them all out for you. But if you’ve run a source game like Portal 2 before, then that’s what you can expect to find here. It has good performance and isn’t that demanding to run. I didn’t experience any bugs or issues to report.Final ThoughtsSumming everything up, The Beginner’s Guide had given me something to ponder. This collection of short games narrated by a man who may have obsession and personal issues to work through is a different experience. It may be a little bit more cynical of reviewers if one particular interpretation of events holds true or it may just be a disturbing look into Davey’s mentality and personality. Either way, it’s a game that requires a pause to consider the implications of not just other’s actions but our own. And perhaps, that we shouldn’t so quickly judge that we know someone based on their works. The game runs well for it’s 1.5 hour runtime and is really only worth playing the one time. But what an thought provoking time that one playthrough is.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,303210,33403928,Posted: 9 July,all,⚓ 3XS | Juxtapose_,"Now, I don't usually write reviews. But there's something in this so called ""game"" that really struck me. Never have I ever played something so comparable to a work of art in a steam game, or any game for that matter. The way that this game delivered an emotional feeling of guilt really intrigued me.This is for sure not a game that you will play for hours, as you will simply not want to due to the effect it makes. However, in this game, just over an hour of playtime reflected an endless amount of hours of personal experience for me."
,Recommended,303210,19925700,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pugglevania Bloodlines,"You might be and probably will be paying a little too much for this game, but I found a lot to love about what this game has to say about appropriation, Death of the Author, trying to interpret meaning in works that have no meaning, etc.Basically this game should be shown to Tumblr and Adventure Time fans at least once a week."
,Recommended,303210,19912501,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nosferatu,"Amazing story. I'm pretty sure this is a true story, and if it is, it's truley sad."
,Not Recommended,303210,18345396,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pangarn,"A bit overrated and the cost should have been lower since it offers no real replay value in my opinion. Only reason I got this was because author wrote the stanley parable, if you want to invest your cash somewhere, get that game instead."
,Not Recommended,303210,18351248,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,GlytchRider,If the story the narration tells is true then I don't think you should be selling this game at all. Distributing it for free maybe but I feel cheated paying for what is essentially a combination personal plea/ pity party. I will be asking for a refund.
76561197988631721,Not Recommended,303210,18350014,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ArmadilloBandwagon,"I'd like to start by saying that I loved The Stanley Parable and hate that it's so hard to review The Beginner's Guide without looking at it through that lens. On the surface, they're fairly similar. In both, you just walk around and listen to a narrator.In The Beginner's Guide the interactivity begins and ends with walking forward (mostly) through the story. There is also a single puzzle. I kept trying to go off the beaten path to find all the interesting stuff that surely must be hidden in the game only to find that there are barely any places you can even choose to do something unintended. Only twice in my playthrough did the narrator respond to anything I did.Furthermore, unlike The Stanley Parable that had a perfect marriage of form and content, the story in this one could have been told in any other medium to the same or greater effect.I hate to rag on The Beginner's Guide so hard because it's an interesting story told competently. I can't help but think that it would have been more well received if it had been released under a pseudonym. At least then, I wouldn't have to be annoyed by how it completely ignores the lesson of his last game."
76561198035804000,Not Recommended,303210,18338084,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,KanmanDS,"Well. Other people's reviews were correct. I did reach the end of the game in tears. I was laughing hysterically at myself for spending $8 on this. Seriously. I really did break down laughing at my own misfortune.The entire game is just a series of poorly rendered, small game environments where nothing interesting happens, and the narrator just keeps talking. The narrative is boring and uninteresting. Maybe the story seems 'deep and insightful' to the some. But, if you are a mature, emotionally stable adult, you will find all the 'twists and turns' exceedingly predictable and unengaging.Through the last half of the story, I was just chugging along on the promise from the game description that it was only about 90 minutes long. Thankfully, that was true. Would not recommend. I'm sure someone will fraps it and put it on youtube if you are really curious, but I assure you that it is not worth your time."
76561197966546581,Not Recommended,303210,18350059,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Tama,"Going from the stanley parable to this, what i can only discribe as an art house walking movie. no dice. not even a game really."
,Not Recommended,303210,18336639,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,turboshitnerd,"An interesting experiment, but I felt like there wasn't ultimately that much point to what the creator was trying to say. I don't mind if a game is a ""walking simulator"", but I felt like the whole conceit that he's showing you games someone else has made doesn't really add much artistically, and if you want to experience something that tackles feelings of depression and social anxiety and so on, there are much better works out there.But that's just my personal reaction, and I can understand why some people thought this game was well-done. Ultimately, the biggest problem is that this game is supposed to cost $10. I mean, it only cost me 8 but I'm sorry, this is like a $5 game at most."
,Not Recommended,303210,18356578,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,KiO,"Very convoluted, far too ""guided"" by the narrator.It is a 90 minute interactive story with no gameplay at all. I.e. there are no real ""options"" that would trigger different outcomes. The dialogue remains the same, the outcome remains the same and I found the story far too convoluted to make a clear point.Was not visited by the sense of enlightenment others describe below and I am not sure not many people would be."
76561197980482234,Not Recommended,303210,18389060,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BtB,"Not particularly a game. While I'm all for a good narrative and I'm not aganst linear storytelling, I did not particularly like it, nor did I find any particular attachment or resonance to the themes or caracter. It is reasonably well put together, but as far as if I would recommend it, I would not."
,Not Recommended,303210,18343397,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Tailszefox,"Judging The Beginner's Guide is a tall order; judging it objectively is pretty much impossible.Please keep in mind I'm writing this from my own perspective, and that at the end of the day, whether or not you will get something out of this game depends a lot on who you are as a person.That being said, I'd like to address an important point. This game is marketed as being by ""the creator of The Stanley Parable"". While this is true, this is also a hollow statement, because The Beginner's Guide has very little to do with The Stanley Parable.The games do share a few similarities: they're both made in the Source Engine, both have a narrator guiding your through the game, and both offer a very limited gameplay (ie. walking around, looking at things and occasionally pressing other things).The similarities stop here, though. While TSP was mostly humorous and absurd, TBG can be rather sad, depressing even.TSP was about the story of Stanley, the character you played as, while TBG's story doesn't revolve at all around your character (or lack thereof). Your character isn't important. In fact, *you* are not at all important to the story.TSP would encourage you to look around and disobey the game's narrator; TBG discourages you from doing so, and if you try regardless, you will be rewarded with very little, or even nothing. As such, TBG is much more linear and offers virtually no replay value, unlike TSP which could be played a good number of times.Being different from TSP is not a problem; I wouldn't expect its author to rehash the same game over and over again. However, I find it a bit deceiving to mention TSP in TBG's marketing blurb. This can only make people think this game has similarities with TSP, even though there are more differences than similarities.So, if you've considering getting this game because of TSP, do remember that they are wholly different. This doesn't mean you won't enjoy TBG, but if you go into it expecting anything like TSP, you risk being disappointed. It is better to go into it with a fresh head rather than with expectations.With that out of the way, I'm going to try and address my issues with what the game is, rather than what it isn't.The Beginner's Guide is, in essence, a story. The game itself is a series of smaller games that you will play one after another, but the game themselves aren't so important individually. While some offer some interesting gameplay mechanics, they are not there for you to really *play* them. What's important is the framing device, what all these games are wrapped around: the story of two friends, and the attempt of one of them to understand and help the other.As such, the most important point The Beginner's Guide can be judged on is its story, since this is mostly what you'll be playing it for. And that story itself is good. Great, even. It's interesting, well delivered, surprising.But the problem is, while the story itself is good, it didn't resonate with me. It didn't make me feel much of anything. It looked like it wanted to, but it failed. I got disappointed when it ended, because I felt like the game was close to succeed at that, but yet, fell short.The reason why, I think, is that this story is meant to resonate with artistic people, mostly. Writers, or designers, or any other job or hobby that requires you to have ideas in order to produce something. The game touches a lot on this topic: what your ideas as a creator mean, what they say about you, and what happens when you run out of them. Unfortunately, I am not an artistic person. I have little imagination and would rather use concrete, already existing ideas, rather than make my own. As such, while I could understand what the game was trying to say, I couldn't relate to it.And that's what this game requires you to do, in order to fully appreciate it: being able to relate to it, to understand and be influenced by it fully.You may think this is a harsh judgment, then. I did, after all, find the story interesting, and it's not like I require all my games to have immersive, relatable stories. I've enjoyed games that made me feel no particular emotions.But The Beginner's Guide, I think, lives and dies on your ability to get fully immersed in its story.Still, is it the game's fault I couldn't do so?At the end of the day, the reason I'm not recommending this game has more to do with me than the game itself. And maybe, just because of that, it was worthy of my attention. Maybe it will be worthy of yours, too."
,Not Recommended,303210,18385840,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sorimachi,"While the ""games"" inside the game are interesting, they leave you questioning the sanity of the creator more than any further philosophical meanings. Perhaps if they were unaltered?The narrative lacks emotion and feels more like someone reading from a book, even though it's supposed to be narrated by the person conveying his own feelings.If the narrator is sincere about the story, literally he's selling someone else's work knowingly against their desires...Overall... it's a $10 interactive movie that lasts under 2 hours.Maybe I'm just closed minded, but I didn't feel it to be a very good art piece."
76561197972190682,Not Recommended,303210,18354552,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,eblumrich,"I feel really, really sorry for Davey Wreden.A few years ago, he came up with a fine, innovate product: The Stanley Parable, which I enjoyed throroughly, and can recommend, without hesitation to my friends.A few years later, he produces this, and is exposed to the world as a one-trick pony who wore out their one trick a few years back...Seriously- a series of poorly-rendered and constructed corridors, punctuated with (one, single) puzzle about flicking a switch, four ""dialogue trees"" in which your responses are irrelevant, and a voiceover so evidently ashamed of what he is presenting that he needs to repeat every five minutes ""I think this was really GOOD!""  (apparently believing that if he constantly repeats how absolutely awesome these poorly-rendered corridors are, we will start to believe him.)The most exciting part of the game?  A primitve ""maid simulator"" where you are asked to clean dishes and pick up pillows repeatedly.Davey- I wish ya well, but if you think this is gonna keep you in hookers & blow for another two years...Well- you've got a rude shock ahead of ya.I suggest looking for your passion elsewhere- I hear MacDonald's is hiring."
76561197982583493,Not Recommended,303210,18373381,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,terran248,"While I enjoyed the ideas presented, overall I wouldnt recommend this game to the casual person. Its interesting, but not something I would buy again."
,Not Recommended,303210,18347635,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,YamCans,"This game leaves me so conflicted.  The Beginner's Guide has a really great message to deliver about the relationships authors/artists have with audiences and other artists, and about the consequences of those who pride themselves in validation by association.  A lot of deep, important stuff here.  But in the end, the game flops in its delivery of this message.Where the Stanley Parable felt like a true discovery as you uncovered more about its narrator as you explored, this game instead chooses to lecture you about its narrator as you walk down a hallway.  The 'twist' at the end feels very hollow and empty, and it left me heartbroken, for an entirely different reason than it should have.There are the underworkings of a great game here, but having a ""walking simulator"" delivering the message left us asking for more -- knowing that, in the context of a walking-sim, we're just not going to get more.I'm glad I played this, if only to experience that tricky feeling you get when you see something with so much potential fall so flat.   Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend it to the next person to play, at least not at full price."
,Not Recommended,303210,18417441,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,|Z| To Be Continued,Good game but I think it is too much money for 1 or 2 hours of a little game.i do love it but its lust too much money for so little it sould have been free if the story is true.
,Not Recommended,303210,18342835,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Kagrith Kriege: The Unyielding,"This is not a game.This piece of interactive art, narrates to us a supposedly true story meant to make us look inside ourselves by getting us attached to what we are doing; but then it switches gears to a point where just by listening and being in a first person perspective making me feel almost responsible; and then switches gears once more to pose as an apology. Without any way of verifying its intent, the message this thing attempts to convey makes me uneasy.I feel juxtaposed because I feel like I learned something, but I also feel dirty as if I should not have interacted with this."
,Not Recommended,303210,18350188,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Space_Worm,"This is not a game as much as it is an interactive commentary on a bunch of small projects. While the small projects in them selves might or might not be interesting, and the commentary might raise some good questions, I can not recommend this to anyone as long as you have to pay for it.It's like paying for a review. Personally I'm asking for a refund and I advise you to just watch a walktrough of it like someone else here suggested and not spend your money on it."
,Recommended,303210,18281715,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Spammals,"I'm not sure it's worth £6.99 but i will say this was a thought provoking experience and is best suited to a player who is open minded, patient and happy to listen."
,Recommended,303210,24253282,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nyanie,"Seemed like some typical meta trash at first, a social commentary about game development and evil publishers controlling the well meaning developers. And then you start to see the cracks in Coda as they formed, and then you get the big twist that hits you right in the gut and makes you go back to play those episodes again from an adjusted perspective."
,Recommended,303210,32926067,Posted: 28 June,all,♠̺͇̦̼̪̤͋ͧ̾ͮ novarnas,Davey is a ♥♥♥♥♥Coda/10
76561198212701969,Recommended,303210,32941384,Posted: 28 June,all,A Slice Of Cake,"dam, the gameplay isn't too long about 2hrs if you only play it once but the story (no too extreme but lots of meaning) and sound track gave me goosebumps. just wow"
,Recommended,303210,32960251,Posted: 28 June,all,Killua,after finishing i only want to talk wiht sombody
,Recommended,303210,32934877,Posted: 28 June,all,Codename BIL,An unforgettable 2 hours of gameplay! It just redefined what video games are all about.
,Recommended,303210,20330979,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,nesaMDoom,"Well worth the price, it's kinda like going to cinema, you pay to sit and be told a story, interesting bits are everywhere and yea... ♥♥♥♥ the maze"
,Recommended,303210,23815525,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,onetonbun,I adore this game about games.
,Not Recommended,303210,20042232,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Boom Shack,"Spoilers Ahead, be ye warnedIf this game is a big apology to Coda and is being used to as a means to get in contact with him then why does it cost 10 dollars? The games used in this didn't have Coda's permission and he's charging a fair amount for it?"
,Recommended,303210,18285337,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Banana Bread,"Very unusual game. I completely understand why a lot of people might hate it. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to fans of the updated Stanley Parable, but I think fans of the original HL2 mod will probably enjoy it. It manages to be engaging in a similar way.My personal scattered thoughts of an opinion: This is one of the best artistic achievements I've seen in games. It's only rivaled by the still in-progress ""Kentucky Route Zero."" It's very personal, touching, perplexing, and inspiring at times. In a way, it makes me want to make a game. There's also some brilliant visuals and music. Despite all of the theorizing, some dark subject matter, and lack of comedy that made TSP so much fun, it's not so overly serious like many similar games are. The tone is nice and balanced. Intellectual but not self-important.It's all very subjective but I think in a few years, we'll think of The Beginner's Guide as a landmark game. It confirms Davey Wreden's status as the king of narrative/exploration games in my eyes."
,Recommended,303210,24149892,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Red Bottom Sky,"Very impactful game.  If you like to think and / or enjoyed the Stanley Parable I would recommend this.  This game does not have ""good gameplay"" but it is still a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,303210,35462284,Posted: 3 October,all,FaZe Vonnegut,"This is an easy ""game"" to reccomend.Interesting thoughts from the Stanly Parable dev.Avoid spoilers."
,Recommended,303210,18290035,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Apple Master,Truly incredible. I urge anyone actually reading this to just buy the game. It takes a very short time to finish but the FEELS are more than a game has made me feel in a long time.
,Recommended,303210,18355888,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Outragedbird,"An evocative intrusion into the mind of an unwilling stranger, and a desperate friend.I started playing The Beginners Guide with my heart in my throat, I was so excited. I saw it was from the creator of the Stanley Parable and instantly added it to my steam library. It soon became apparent that this was not a game. This was a message, a one sided conversation to you as the “gamer”.Much like Davey Wrenden I saw something in the creations of “Coda” (I don’t use parenthesis to distance myself from the genuineness nature of the name, but out of respect to the creator of the “games” I’ll continue to assume that “Coda” is not a name that they want spread around publically) that resonated with me. It’s entirely presumptuous for me to assume I know the mind of Coda, but the sense of anomie, disconnect from society that I’ve suffered for years was very clear to me in these “games”. They aren’t games though; it’s unfair to label them as such. They are miniature art installations, expressing, through a limited interactive way, the innermost thoughts and feelings of a person who feels different. Proponents of the notion that video games can be an art form (of which I am such a person) will surely hold this up as an example of everything that proves them right.As the “games” progress, we get further and further into the feelings of “Coda”. The natures of the levels change, and increasingly topics of imprisonment, loneliness, and psychological fatigue feature prominently. For those who have suffered from mental illness, or even development disorders like Autism, will recognise themselves at their darkest times.I, like Wrenden, felt the need to reach out to “Coda”, to comfort, protect, and help. This is a fundamental mistake. Someone already reached out to “Coda” and ruined their work for them, that being Wrenden. It’s hard to understand unless you’ve played the “game”, the final level is a direct, painful, honest admission of the damage that Wrenden has caused “Coda”. Wrenden himself realises this, knows this, and yet has still chosen to continue the same mistake that cost both “Coda” and him so dearly. Showing the world “Coda”’s work was never the intention, the meaning behind why “Coda” made these. These were self-expressive tools with which to understand themself, something they clearly feel they have lost.I hope, I wish, I pray that somewhere, the person that is “Coda” is ok. Maybe not by societies standards of what “ok” should be, the standards that Wrenden tried to enforce. But on their own terms, their own way of getting by.For all my criticism of what Wrenden has done, I am not in the slightest un-empathetic to why he’s done this. This is a statement of grief, one last begging at the doorstep in the rain, one last late night text message, desperate for a failed relationship to continue. The overwhelming need to validate ourselves by loving and caring for another, proving to ourselves that we’re ok, by making other people “better”. I feel that, I’ve been there. I empathise, but I do not condone it.I felt like an intruder, near the end. During the epilogue, I felt like I had walked into the house of a recently deceased person. Empty, devoid, unwelcome. I was keenly aware that I was never  meant to see this. This was never meant for me to enjoy, so I did not, I aimed to be as respectful as possible in the home of someone who had ran away."
,Recommended,303210,28132159,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"I'm not even sure how to write a review for The Beginner's Guide, nor am I even sure whether I should give it a thumbs up or a thumbs down. I'll simply say this:- The game did not meet my expectations.- I was disappointed in the length as it is only about 90 minutes long, however as I was playing the game I realized why the game was as long as it was.- I may want to read other people's takes on the conclusion to the game because I'm not sure if I fully understand it.Overall, I felt disappointed with the game. However, I am still giving it a thumbs up because I recommend anyone interested in walking simulator type games pick this up on sale so you can form an opinion on it.Also, that slight scare/jump that you read about from some people isn't really that scary. I lived."
,Not Recommended,303210,19908756,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Adrian Snrub,"Better written than Gone Home, but more pretentious. The only spoiler alert here is that it sucks.The narrator asks questions that should be left for the audience to ask themselves; I felt talked down to, dirty. Pacing-wise the story peaks before the epilogue, then fizzles out with ""remember this bit from earlier in the game""? Sure I do, I just don't care, and I would have been better off not playing this at all.There's no fun to be had, no light amongst the dark. Upon completion I read about people's interpretations, and there really wasn't much to 'get' that isn't already over-explained.It's just a meta narrative about the personal nature of the creative process, and it's crap."
,Recommended,303210,24171254,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Accolade,Absolutely fascinating.
76561197988876882,Recommended,303210,19334249,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wardog,"Steam forces me to give a negative or positive review, yet I would prefer neutral. At least that's what I would have to say objectively. But I can't, so based on my subjective experience I will recommend it.I finished it just a short while ago and yet I cannot say what I liked or disliked about it. Or that I enjoyed or resented it at all. And to tell what it's about would spoil the experience.  I'm not somebody who's awfully into emotional or shallow self-deconstruction stories.  But the bottom line was something I could identify with and I don't think I could ask for more in a game. And that's about it.Going in without expectations is still gonna be a gamble, so be prepared to be disappointed cause you spent money on it after all - unless it was a gift, but then you spent time on it which is worth the same. If whatever happens in this ""game"" does not resonate with you personally, chances are pretty high you'll walk out feeling screwed over. In the end that might go for all game plots, so whatever. Just that you couldn't even enjoy the gameplay here.Simply put, it was worth it for me. Even if just for that final moment of realization when I thought to myself: ""This is all quite familiar to me, sadly.""Hence nothing remains except for our regrets."
,Recommended,303210,18297855,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GoldBark,"I'm sure everyone will experience it differently. I had no idea what I was getting into, but this game really resonated with me, and moved me deeply. Sometimes I felt sick to my stomach, but pushing through to the end was worth it. Don't read anything about it, anything you know about it before going in is a huge spoiler. All I can do is recommend it, strongly."
,Recommended,303210,20488521,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Alenonimo,"Great game! It's short and not very ""gamey"" but if you like story-telling, this one is fantastic!"
,Recommended,303210,26365506,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Shade Silverwing,"It's hard to describe just why you should play the beginners guide. It's short, the audio is great, and it's thought provoking. But to best sumarize why I think it's important is because I truly think you'll learn things about people you've probably never thought of before, especially true if you are a personality like the narrator.Absolutely reccomend. 1.5 hour narative."
,Recommended,303210,26374590,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,help me,"Honestly, this game is incredible. Very deep storytelling, and a great atmosphere that is consistent."
,Recommended,303210,19995209,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bailey,Made a grown 18 year old sob.Definitely one of my favourite games of 2015.
,Not Recommended,303210,26496230,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TigerXtrm,"A very odd type of game. Coming from the creator of the Stanley Parable I kind of expected it to be some sort of meta, fourth wall breaking type of game. And in a sense it is, but if you're expecting more like Stanley Parable you'll be disappointed.The entire thing runs for just shy of 90 minutes. During that time you are presented with a fictional story about the creator's relationship with another game designer. Towards the end it unravels into what probably is supposed to be a deeper emotional meaning, but it just completely misses the mark if you ask me.The entire thing had me bored about 15 minutes into it and the only real reason I kept playing it is because hell, I bought it at some point and I read it wasn't that long a game so I wanted to finish it. But honestly this is just a mashup of simple Source engine maps. The sort of maps you'd expect to see from a starting map designer who still needs to get a grasp on his tools. The narative is supposed to bind it all together but in the end it's just not very interesting.I can appreciate the weird meta type games like Stanley Parable, but this game takes it a step too far to the point of becoming so 'weird' that it becomes pointless. Watch a playthrough of this game on YouTube and you'll get 100% the same experience.There are no alternate endings or different solutions. It's just a walking simulator set in some rubbish maps with a cheap narative. It's not worth playing and it certainly isn't worth the 9 dollars they're asking for it. Would refund if I could."
,Recommended,303210,18355985,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,bubble ღゝ◡╹)ノ♡,GOTYAny game that can make me cry this hard and make me reconsider my whole life and my friendships like this deserves to win awards.
,Recommended,303210,21169510,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,B3RyL,"You should watch the trailer for this game twice - once before and once after you've played it. Trust me - it's like watching two different trailers. And even if it doesn't work in your case than at least you've played the game and hopefully enjoyed it for what it was. So, is the game worth giving it a go in the first place? If you're a gamer who likes narrative-driven games the answer is: yes, yes it is. But if you're a designer, writer, artist, creator of some sort, and especially if you make video games, than this is one game you just can't miss out on, but not for the reasons you think of right now! Trust me.***Rant about negative reviews incoming (minor spoilers). If you haven't played the game or simply don't care about me ranting just skip to the last paragraph***I find it funny how people giving this game a negative review write 10-paragraph essays analyzing what the author intended to convey and pointing out where he failed to deliver on those intentions. Where they berate him for creating an ""emotional confessional"" and then trying to charge money for it. Where they accuse the game of being too disconnected, or too personal, too deep, or too shallow, or too confusing, or too simplistic, that you have to play The Stanley Parable to understand it, or that it has nothing to do with The Stanley Parable, that there's a clear message, or that there's no message at all. No joke, the most negative reviews are also the longest ones here, like the authors of those reviews are compelled to apologize for playing, to explain their motivations behind not jumping on the hype train, to express that they feel like they are the ones who have failed somehow... If you've already played the game you know where I'm going with this. Maybe they should write Davey Wreden an email. After all, he clearly stated his email address in the game.But ok, let us not be the outcasts here - left out of the loop of people who have something substantial to say about this game. Let us try and do an analysis of the plot right here and now. In fact, let us one-up everyone and go extra-meta on this one: let us try and extrapolate the narrative portrayed in this game into the real world, Inception-style, and what we get is...MASSIVE SPOILERS INCOMING!!! OMG!!! IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED IT DON'T READ ANY FURTHER THAN THAT VERY SENTENCE!!!I WARNED YOU!Seriously.What we get is the realization that this game is... just a game. It's a piece of interactive media with a well defined narrative attached to it for dramatic purposes, and it relies on immersion to build an enjoyable experience for the player. This is why Davey Wreden opted to reveal his name and email address in the game. This is why he build this emotional attachment to Coda. Remember, this is Davey Wreden we're talking about here - the man who's sole purpose in life is to dissect a piece of narrative and turn it on its head in order to entertain you, to catch you off guard. The Davey Wreden in the game is not the same Davey Wreden who wrote the game. Coda isn't real. None of it is supposed to mean anything, beyond that what you make of it, and whether it provided 1.5 hours of entertainment for you. And even if that's your argument against it - that Davey doesn't do a very good job at immersing you in the narrative, than fair point - maybe you just weren't feeling it. We will just have to agree to disagree. But trying to analyze the game based on your assumptions of what is or what isn't real, how Davey felt or didn't feel when making this game, and whether he has or hasn't the ability or even the right to convey a hidden personal message of some sort, and then making a judgment call in a review based on that analysis is not only futile, it's... exactly what the game is about in the first place. The death of the author. Don't get me wrong, everyone has an opinion and some people even have interpretations (including me), and there's nothing wrong with that, but as soon as you make a judgment call on something that may or may not be there, you're digging your own hole to fall into and you're dragging others with you. Now, go watch the trailer again, but instead of Davey's voice, try and hear your own voice in your head.***Rant finished. Closing thoughts follow***So, does this game ""do it for me""? Yes! I felt immersed and emotional while I played it and afterwards it got me thinking about some things for a while, specifically, how Davey can think out of the box in order to build this fantastic narrative, this illusion that leaves a lasting impression. To me, he's already looking to be one of the most influential writers/artists/creators of our generation. One who will be discussed in art and media schools for years to come. It's perhaps too early to call him the Quentin Tarantino of video games, but keep an eye on this guy because he's sure a hell headed in the right direction! Just google ""Pleasurable You"". Or maybe don't - I kinda feel bad for writing this now."
,Recommended,303210,18316661,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,catty,WHO PUT THESE TEARS IN MY EYES?!
,Recommended,303210,18424380,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Loathe,"A bit pretentious at times, but a quality experience overall.In the end, it felt very personal, which is an odd thing for a game to invoke.And I'm glad it did.I'd recommend it to people who enjoy narrative experience in games.It's nothing mind blowing, but you won't feel flat after it either.Don't get it if you actually expect gameplay. Dev clearly states it's a 2 hour narrative,kinda like a movie at your own pace.6.5/10"
,Recommended,303210,31113441,Posted: 13 April,all,NGR,ó‿ó
,Recommended,303210,29380394,Posted: 20 January,all,kh,"Fair warning: walking simulator. This isn't so much a game as it is a story. That having been said, it's a touching, thought provoking story about why people create. If that's your thing, enjoy. If you'd like a bit more intreraction, check out ""The Stanley Parable."" If you want a ""game you can win"", this won't be your cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,303210,20111155,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,silentjubjub,"I kind of feel bad about this being my first game I have ever wanted to get a steam refund on.I didn't go through with getting a refund because I beat the, erm, game. That's just me being nice to the devs because the game is 90 minutes long so it's not hard to do.But honestly, this game did not ""click"" with me.I knew it was supposed to be a short experience and game length was NOT the problem if I was to receive a heavy and thought-provoking ultimatum.I can't say I received one.I know other players of this game have understood what this game was trying to convey but it really flatlined for me, personally. I got what the message was but it didn't affect me at all. On top of that, I knew the story itself was probably fake. Consequently, any impact the message would have contained, vanished.I can honestly say that, in my view, this game did not deliver what was expected. I don't get dissapointed with game purchases often because I tend to look at reviews and such. However, this is probably my 3rd of all time for a completely different reason than the top two."
,Recommended,303210,21019049,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CoryStarkiller,"""The fact that you think I am frustrated or broken says more about you than about me.""When you finally comprehend The Beginner's Guide, you will know why I cannot tell you what the game is about or what the game is not about.Too many people talking about The Witcher 3, Metal Gear Solid V, Undertale, etc. as GOTY 2015. They are all good games, and are worthy of being played. Though, none of them manage to stand as a beautiful companion piece to The Stanley Parable's commentary on the medium.I can say that I will never look at a lamppost the same way again."
,Recommended,303210,18407634,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,BRUXXUS,"Not really sure what to even say about this...My buddy and me started mapping and modding as soon as the Source SDK was released WAY back in the day and this game brings back those feelings of having complete creative freedom and expression.Started off playing this with a big smile because it felt so familiar.By the end my smile was gone, but the feeling was still familiar.If you're a creative person by nature, I think you should play this. If you're not into narrative games you should probably not bother. This doesn't deserve negative ratings."
,Recommended,303210,20022177,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MrGuacamole115,"A lot of people are complaining that you don't do enough, and that all you're paying for is a story. The reason for this, is because this game isn't a playable game. It's the opposite. Which is what Coda has show us, to be one of the best types of games out there. And the type of game, that can make the biggest in#mpact on a life..."
76561198039572375,Recommended,303210,19382825,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Plocana,"Every now and then you come across something that makes you take a step back and think about what you've seen or read or played...and that's what this game does.This game won my heart with its amazing story, but not without causing it to hurt quite a bit.There isn't much in ""gameplay""...so if you're after that, don't bother.Forgive me, as I am trying to write this review right after finishing the game and it's more difficult than I thought it would be.The story is rich and it keeps you engaged...wanting to know more which forces you to go further into the game. Doing so allows you to see these unique environments with equally fascinating ideas and stories behind them. Upon reaching the conclusion, I found myself wanting to knw where the story went from that point, which of course leaves you wanting more...but it's also the perfect ending to this kind of story. I wouldn't ask for it to change in any way.All I can truly say is this:You want a brilliant story? Done.Don't care that there's little gameplay? Good.Ready to haave your heart strings pulled to the snapping point? Oh, no you're not. But you can try.I loved this. And I only wish I could forget it all just so I could relive playing it with a fresh experience again."
76561198086439531,Not Recommended,303210,20561674,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Joesw,"The stanley parable was amazing, funny, a masterpiece.. a rare gem. I'm sorry to say but this game is the opposite, its boring, slow paced... just not enjoyable, if you like moving around very slowly while somone talks to you about someone else.. go ahead, i bought this game and refunded it."
,Recommended,303210,20401271,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Genowhirl70,Most tears and feelings i've had playing a walking simulator ever.Do not play this expecting something like The Stanley Parable. Sure it's made by the same guy but....just play it. You'll see what I mean.The visuals are beautiful and the message definitely hits home. I'm still sitting here trying to process everything that happened.Just.Play it.
,Recommended,303210,21158499,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jakob,Those who said they didn't crydidn't play the full gameorare liars
,Recommended,303210,33015735,Posted: 29 June,all,.doofuzz,"If this is an experience and not a game, then games are worse."
,Recommended,303210,18430418,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TF.3pro5you,"Just finished this ""Game"".If you're looking to spend your money on a game that will give you endless hours of entertainment, this is not it. As a matter of fact, it is quite the opposite. This ""game"" can be finished within around two hours, and is very story driven, to the point where I would go as far as to say it has literally no replayability.However, I still think that this is an amazing game.The game itself is not the important bit. This game is an experience, and one I think everyone should experience. It is hard to explain without spoilers, but it gives a very interesting look into the human psyche. I enjoyed this experience immensely, and I think you should too."
,Recommended,303210,19910816,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Spoopy Spooples,"Do not purchase this game hoping it's a game, it's a work of art.It's the damn well best work of art I've seen in a while"
76561198108659986,Recommended,303210,18405477,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,jensen_s_matt,Needs a mute narrator mode.still 10/10
,Recommended,303210,21196894,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,CrispGalileo,"This is the type of gaming where reading reviews, watching the trailer, looking at screenshots, doing anything that would tell you anything about what this game is would completely ruin it for you. If you have yet to complete the game for the first time, please, leave the review section and go buy it, spend an hour and a half of your life playing this masterpiece, and then feel free to dive further into the beauty of this game."
76561198038734462,Recommended,303210,23359081,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Drigs,"This game is an advancement to the medium. It is not coincidental that the game designer behind it was also one of the people responsible for The Stanley Parable, which is another notable contribution. I do believe, though, that whileStanleywas more accessible, The Beginner's Guide is original to the point of being ahead of its time - to avoid spoilers I will keep the explanation to this statement short, but let's just say that there have been some pretty unrealistic, detrimental assumptions about the game. You should not be thrown off by the fact that this game is, from a very strict, mechanical standpoint, a walking simulator (although if you play games for their complexity in interaction or systems alone and are not looking for a different kind of experience, this is most likely still not for you.)Most games in this genre do not explore their medium or the genre itself correctly - they rely so much on their story that the fact that you're experiencing them is actually a setback to your enjoyment -, but in The Beginner's Guide your experience aside from the narration is also essential to the narrative. One could not have been achieved without the other, much like in The Stanley Parable, which is a game that, as does this one, makes you think about yourself. The main difference between the two is in intent: while inStanleyyou were in for a witty, funny, weird, in-your-face commentary on your expectations as a player,Beginner's Guideallows you to explore more meaningful, serious, broad, and unconfortable aspects of your psyche, along with expectations. A truly awesome and important achievement."
,Recommended,303210,19578736,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Frost ❆,"This is one of the first reviews but most in-depth one I have ever written about a game and I think that says something in itself. I've not even created a review for Dota 2 yet and I have about 3.3k hours on it at this point in time.This game is good. I'll give it that. It's got depth. However, there's something within this game that allows itself to be distanced from other games; to transcend from the term game for a moment and adopt the role, message. This game is a message and it's physical. A physical representation of a message is the basis of this game. This game doesn't just put you in the shoes of the fictional character the developer wants you to be but instead makes you him. Himself. You see through his eyes. Your process through his mind. You walk in his footsteps. Neither one of the many aspects of this game leaves more to be desired because it is undeniably complete. Complete in the most ironic sense and you will know why when you've played this game. I'll give you a tiny little spoiler here (too insignificant to spoil the game). The developers provides you with his own personal e-mail to drop him any messages about your perspectives or even mere thoughts about the game. Whether he did this for an intensified dramatic effect, I do not know but I got a strong feeling at the end of the game that it wasn't just for e-mails to sit around and ""take effect"".Conclusively, this game is indubitably worth playing. Play it. Seriously."
,Recommended,303210,19921878,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"""The moon's an arrant thief, And her pale fire she snatches from the sun."" - Timon of Athens"
,Recommended,303210,28657601,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,10_angry_bees,"I... I just finished this game. Something somewhere in this... hit a little too close to home, I guess? It's sorta hard for me to explain, so also why it's hard for me to understand why I'm so emotional right now. That aside, A wonderful, thought-provoking game. In a way, it made me think of things I've been trying to avoid, but things that I should be thinking about anyway.I've seen the reviews before playing this game, and everyone has their own insight about this creation. I like that. I like everyone's interpertations and ""theories"", I like hearing about others' experiences, I like comparing me to them, I just like all this a whole lot.now I'm kinda sensitive so I may or may not have tears streaking down my face. I may also be feeling a lot of negative emotions. Despite that, I like this. I'm having trouble forming words 'cause it's late and I'm tired maybe that explains a whole lot more that I ever could but just...It's good.That's what I mean to say.yes, very good."
,Recommended,303210,33964105,Posted: 1 August,all,Marco aka Reckless,"This is a walking simulator, it's not really a game, it talks about a story regarding a developer.The story is pretty nice, I liked it, maybe too short (around 2 hours) but you can't expect too much content, it's still a walking simulator kind of game.It's from the same dev from The Stanley Parable, you can expect a good game."
76561198088179991,Recommended,303210,21133815,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Emma,"Just, wow. No other words can describe this better than; wow."
76561198109756573,Recommended,303210,30328096,Posted: 4 March,all,Jason Funderburker,Made me cry
,Recommended,303210,19381992,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Powerspell3,"This is one of those games that makes you re-evaluate everything in your life, and nearly everything in this game you can relate to as a human, and as a human with flaws and experience. It just leaves you speechless"
76561198047374268,Recommended,303210,26100508,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jorge.lizama,"Yes, if you liked The Stanley Parabole (which if you are here potentially did) this game is yes, it is a bit less, but still the meta part of it is quite rewarding, leave you a bunch of stuff to think about"
,Recommended,303210,18413315,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Satire is Dead,"A game more akin to a movie, played purely for the story.It carries a simple lesson for the sycophantic.I expect this game to be divisive."
,Recommended,303210,19354397,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Queasy Moan,*clap* *clap* *clap* Simply Amazing. This Is Not A Game This Is A Work Of Art An Expeirence That Everyone Must Witness or Encounter. Buy This It Is Important That You See This Work Of Art For Yourself. It  Just Might Change You.
,Recommended,303210,19740362,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Casa7as,"You can´t never know someone, unless he lets you..."
76561198063898908,Recommended,303210,28836582,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Honsoku,"Unfortunately, Steam won't let me post this without choosing whether or not I ""recommend this game"". I am rather neutral on it. I was tempted to not recommend it, as it isn't a game.Calling this a 'game' is incorrect as there isn't any winning or losing, nor alternate endings to aim for. This would be better classified as an interactive fable. If you come at this expecting a game, you will likely be rather disappointed as this is even less of a game than the ""Stanley Parable"" was. You will probably have to go through it at least twice to get a good grasp on the central point of the fable, which appears to be about the level of correlation between art and its creator. In the context of ""interactive fable"", it is a decent showing and likely worth it if you think about game design. It is best to treat it like a movie and go through the whole 1.5 hours in a single sitting."
76561198406081565,Recommended,303210,34363958,Posted: 19 August,all,choerountree220,Game took an unexpected turn. I highly recommend.
,Recommended,303210,19085907,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,justianj,Its very strange. The game left me feeling uneasy and as if i were walking into a trap. Its a unique narrative through a creative person's internal self.
,Not Recommended,303210,18373065,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sarif,"Right in the middle it does get interesting, unfortunately the narrator absolutely ass♥♥♥♥s it in the end.I dont know what to say, but the last level and especially the epilogue just made me want to carve out my eyes with my ears.Oh and its pretty pretentious."
,Not Recommended,303210,18385985,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Fluffykicks,While I want to see more of this kind of strong narrative games. This one falls way short in delivering it's message.
76561198011393543,Not Recommended,303210,18333258,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,wakarimashta,A few unfinished levels put together with an introspective voice over that isn't worth what you pay for it. Just borrow a book from a library.
,Not Recommended,303210,18376184,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,zukk,If you don't get the message the game isn't for you.  If you get the message you'll see it's really shallow and boring.
,Not Recommended,303210,18352193,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,somepoorsap,I paid money to watch a guy get depressed.
,Not Recommended,303210,18353694,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,dafus dota 2,It tries too hard and accomplishes nothing.
,Not Recommended,303210,18387837,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,yopdoggy,Honestly i think it was a good game on a narrative standpoint. Just not something like the Stanley Parable.
,Recommended,303210,18432942,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tom,"This game is something that has to be experienced. It isn't a game that is designed for entertainment, although it is entertaining but what an experience it is It is absolutely worth playing.No other game will make you feel what this game does.I have so many questions about this game,It lasts about as long as a movie does.Saying any more about this game than I do here would spoil it, I think it is a game everyone should have the opportunity to play."
,Not Recommended,303210,18362570,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Argyle Ninja,"Personally was not enjoyable. I found the video in the store kind of misleading, as it seemed more like Wreden's own form of therapy via putting his issues on a public channel, as opposed to a real insight to the psychology behind some of the work within. Nothing like the Stanley Parable, which could be expected by the reviews, but I found it bordering on a movie advanced by the W key"
76561198068524002,Recommended,303210,18407799,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,indigoglass,"This is a game that shows you what games could be.This is a game with ideas.This is a game that can make you still feel feelings about a game.This is a game that makes you want to communicate your ideas, to reach out.This game is both moving and inspiring.If you are interested in game development, or in the future of games as an expressive form, please play this game."
76561198044015063,Not Recommended,303210,18414002,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Awesome Earth,"This game was very much like The Stanley Parable. I bought this game because I was a fan of the Stanley parable. However, the Stanley Parable was a better game. I reccommend you buy the Stanley Parable instead if you want an experience like this one. If you like that, then try this game out. Be warned though, The Beginner's Guide will go by fast, since I beat this game in 98 minutes."
,Recommended,303210,18840223,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,M!,"This game is a gem. It is a deep...journey into someonelse's mind. Sometimes it is really weird but its's also a really unique experience. I would define it as a meta-gaming game. It is pretty short but wow...Really ""wow"". I suggest you not to read any guide or anything, spoilers would ruin it definitely."
,Recommended,303210,18546446,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Banjooie,... I feel like it would go against the entire moral of this game to sit here and analyze it. But I don't regret that I just spent 11 dollars on what is basically an hour and a half long movie.
,Recommended,303210,23412503,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Emmerz,"This game was amazing. It makes me wonder though, what happened next?"
,Recommended,303210,29532696,Posted: 27 January,all,TheWalrusEffect,"Go into this game blind. Don't read about it, don't watch videos about it, just play it. Trust me, it's better that way."
,Recommended,303210,18343874,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Teyserback | Winzend,"The Beginner's Guide is the story about discovering the personality of ""Coda"" through his unfinished looking, but for him seemingly finished games. The lines between the narrator Davey Wreden and the real person behind the sucessful ""The Stanley Parable"" Davey Wreden seem blurry and I don't really know if they are the same person or not. And just keeping me guessing on this either tells me that this is a crazy thoughtprovoking real story or a crazy thoughtprovoking written story and neither would break it for me.Yes, the game is only as long as a short movie (I've finished it in around 90 Minutes) but the quality of the time was amazing for me, thinking about the stuff the game provoked in me since I've finished it.And you can't ignore the soundtrack. The soundtrack by Ryan Roth underlined the emotional thoughts provoked through the game in such a wonderful way it really adds to the feeling the game conveys.In the end, the game doesn't have much gameplay, making it debateable if it really is a game in his classic form, depending on the definition you follow. Nontheless it is an experience and a short, but, for me and many others, thoughtprovoking story with believable characters. So if you want to just lay back and let your mind do the work with the stuff being told to you, go ahead and buy the game"
,Recommended,303210,18377175,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Apocalyptic Unicorn,Just play the damn game. ♥♥♥♥. I dont care who you are. Just. Play. It.
76561198193976663,Recommended,303210,18382043,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,< blank >,Mirage:The shinning star i'd never reach.The drak fog i'd never walk through.The mystical realtionship i'd never uncover.
76561198050356656,Recommended,303210,18342440,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Biran53,"Yes, I recommend it. And no, I won't justify why."
76561198056847594,Recommended,303210,18378458,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Danklett,"Compltetly unreal, The The Beginner's Guide was one of powerful self reflective experience I have ever had comparerble of a large dose of DMT. This story had me rethinking my life syles as a gamer and as a human, The people I have hurt and cut off from just to sit in front of my computer. I nearly failed high school because of my life syle and reclusive behavior. I have been using video games as a ""mask addiction"" to help me hide from the fact that I am scared to move on in my life and only do what I need to do to get bye thank you for this. I am almost 19 I am glad I woke up from this enless cycle of self loathing and addiction. thank you from making this. I am sharing this with everyone that is as reclusive as me."
,Recommended,303210,18380491,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Adorable Little Murder Machine,"I can't really talk about this game, as any amount of detail would be spoilers. But needless to say, it was a fantasic narrative adventure. Very fun, the right amount of silly and sadness, and overall, a fantastic story.Worth it for the price? It's around 80 minutes long and 10 dollars, so it's really up to you whether or not you think it's worth it.9/10. Damn good game."
76561198040654274,Recommended,303210,35342989,Posted: 30 September,all,Alex_Aitman,"This is one of very few creative works to have so drastically changed my feelings on a subject.  It is not easy to parse, nor enjoyable to play, and it left me feeling like I needed to rethink my whole life.  This game is certainly not for everyybody, but if you are the kind of person who believes they come to know an artist through their art, or are someone who sustains their own ego by collecting and showcasing the art of other people, maybe do yourself a painful favour and take a couple hours to play this 'game'."
,Recommended,303210,18298911,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ZEE,"This is not a game. This is a glorious masterpiece of art. Play it, you won't regret it."
76561198033239648,Recommended,303210,18306340,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,TrUHeru,guice how i open the door plz
,Recommended,303210,34868432,Posted: 10 September,all,金魚,"Do not start this if all you want to do is shoot things, it requires you to think, and feel, and both you will do in spades.But only if you're ready for it."
,Recommended,303210,35171106,Posted: 23 September,all,_wingnut,I wish I could erase my memories of this game so I could experience it for the first time again.
,Recommended,303210,18283430,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mike,Stop looking for reviews and just take my word on this-- buy it.Anything else is spoiling it.
,Not Recommended,303210,26125764,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,"Jake, from StateFarm.","I expected so much more from this game. I greatly enjoyed The Stanley Parable but this... this was just ... bad. Not bad. This game has a story of sorts.. but its just unfufilling. I feel like it couldve just been a short film. I wishy I had a sprint. The game kinda just drones on... and on... and on and on and on and on... And It leaves me feeling like I've accomplished nothing. The only thing that drove me through the game was curiosity. Thats it.. I wish I could refund, but obviously I cant. This game wasn't for me, but I will still play more from this DEV."
,Recommended,303210,28942710,Posted: 2 January,all,Blow Dog,"I'm struggling to make the decision on whether I click the thumbs up or the thumbs down.My decision is vastly conflicted, with one part of me revelling in the profound nature of the game. It's incredibly well narrated / acted out with some beautiful, sometimes haunting music that does well to illustrate the plight of Coda.However these plaudits are then smothered by a more realistic, repressed, defensive stance against something which then appears pretentiously hollow.It's clever and as I said the story is well told, butI can't help feel a little unsympathetic in the ultimate spiral of our protagonist. I know this sounds extremely judgemental but I can't help but think he's having delusions of granduer and he really should just shut up moaning because he's just coming across as a bit of a sjw stressing because he's had a successful sprint and oh no, he's now suffering from depression. Whatever. Ppl are starving.Still a great experience and I don't begrudge the money I spent."
76561198047529408,Not Recommended,303210,20637350,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,maluttr2003,"Is this some new hipster genre of game? People that think this is a deeply philosophical experience must not have real experience with philosophy or reflection. Hugely disappointed with the steam community for giving this game so many positive reviews. This collection of broken, stupid games is simply terrible. Stop trying to find hidden meanings.P.S. Life's tough."
76561197993649933,Recommended,303210,18379585,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bingo,"Made me feel, lots. Still dont know what to think but i definitely liked it and will definitely play it again"
,Recommended,303210,23445951,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Insanitanium,"""Is playing The Beginner's Guide. Is starting to think. Is starting to see things completely differently. I think I'm acsending to a higher plane. Is wanting help. Dude. I was just brutally jerked out of a happy time, only to realize it was a waking dream... within a dream. the dream doesn't want me to wake. This game. It's everything and more. It's nothing and less. It's not too hot and not to cold. It's amazing. I'm gonna cry. So many emotions. Dude. This game just got so deep. Please, I want to stop feeling the feels but I want to feel more of the feels. I'm literally beginning to feel depressed because of the narrator's story. This guy just slapped me, stood me on my head, spun me, then woke me up in a completely different reality. I feel conflicted. That's it. I am officially, as of right now, depressed. Also, as of right now, my mind has officially been blown to smitherenes. Dude. I literally almost teared up."" All the things I said to my friend as I experienced this game. There are no words within my vocabulary to adequately describe the roller coaster of emotions that is labeled as ""The Begginer's Guide."" You'll feel happy. You'll feel sad. You'll feel thankful. You'll feel mad. You'll feel conflicted. You'll feel certain. You'll feel confused. You'll feel sorry. You will feel amazed. You will see everyting differently. Questions are asked. Questions are answered. But the answers only bring you to more questions, and when it's finally over... You'll say, ""What now."""
,Recommended,303210,20596270,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Litvac,"I don't know what I was expecting when I picked up this game. A professor recommended it to me...followed by a friend...followed by Extra Credits. And then it went on sale. So I bought it.And it wasn't until today--probably three weeks later--that I decided to finally sit down and play it. For the sake of spoilers, I can't say anything. This is a game that is best experienced with fresh eyes. Also, it's a game best experienced in one playthrough--approximately an hour and a half. And for anyone who's crying, ""BUT LITVAC, THAT'S SO EXPENSIVE FOR SUCH A SHORT GAME. OH, HOW MY WALLET ACHES. OH NOOOOOOOO-"", you can stop that. Right now. This game is so...so impactful. It tells a deep and emotional narrative not just through actual dialogue but through playing the game itself. And it's sad. It's really sad. But it makes you think about games. It makes you think about the people who create them. And, most importantly, it makes you think about the way we individually consume them. That's why The Beginner's Guide is so great. After playing this, I would've still bought it if it were at an even higher price...because you won't find a narrative like this in a 60+ hour AAA game.The Beginner's Guide is special. Please play it."
76561197984432456,Recommended,303210,24519008,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,komozeck,One of the best thing that i've ever played. So sincere and mystrious(at the same time / somehow) Well written and produced. Bravo bravo bravo!
,Not Recommended,303210,19961485,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TDS | ΠIΣΛIΞ,"Don't booooo me for my dislike.The game's idea is a fruit of creative thinking. I really tip my hat for that one. That felt me inside the Coda's head, made me think like Coda. I even tried some emphaty towards him.But the ending is somewhat frustrating. That gives you nothing more than a linear corridors and unsolvable puzzles. Maybe it needs an alternate ending like, you discover something new that the narrator (Wreden) couldn't, and that leads you to more understanding of Coda than Wreden.And so, I disliked the game as it is. Thanks for not playing."
,Not Recommended,303210,20100965,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FinalQuake,"""I first met Davey Wreden at a writing workshop in college. He seemed like a cool guy, and he wanted to be my friend. He kept bugging me to let him read the novel I was working on, so I did. A month or two later I found out he showed it to all his friends without my permission. I even found out he altered my novel to include some stupid painting. I told him to never talk to me again, and I vowed to never finish the novel. Six months later I found out this scumbag published my novel in an atempt to ""apologize"" to me for showing everyone my novel. What the f**k?""~Oscar Wilde, author of Dorian Gray's Day Off (original title).The Story:You tell me Davey, because I can't figure it out. If the Beginner's Guide is to be taken literally then all I have for you is one question: What were you thinking, Davey? If the Beginner's Guide is some metaphor that's open to interpretation then all I have for you is one question: What were you thinking, Davey?If It's Non-fiction:You're a thief, Davey. Plain and simple. I don't know what to say without spoiling this mess, so I'll just say that the guy asked you not to do the thing, and you did the thing. You even made money off of it. Bonus points for being so blinded by your narcissism and false modesty that you actually believe you're doing the right thing by releaseing the Beginner's Guide. It should've been called the Beginner's Guide to Intellectual Property Theft.If It's Fiction:You're a pretentious narcissist full of false modesty, Davey. You're like Charlie Kaufman, if Charlie Kaufman were a pretentious narcissist full of false modesty. The message conveyed by this game would be very beautiful had you not chosen to bury it so deep in your own ego, and then shove it up your own ♥♥♥♥♥♥.In Conclusion:The message behind the Beginner's Guide, whether it's fiction or non-fiction, is a beautiful one. It's a shame that Davey Wreden had to go and Davey it up so much.He Either:A:Made this game as an apology, but in the process once again committed the act he was apologizing for. He then went and charged money for it, because why not? And now his apology is out there in the open for the world to see where he apologizes for his actions and now he's a great guy and everyone can see it because he sold the apology for money. You have to at least give him credit for trying though.B: Ruined a beautiful, but ambiguous message about interpersonal relationships and the Death of the Author effect by being pretentious and meta.It's interesting, I won't lie, but to charge money for this has to be some kind of joke. We've either purchased stolen work, or an interesting essay wrapped in egotistical ramblings. Either way I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,19681638,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Chauvinist,cried.
,Recommended,303210,18675517,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Chop,"Possible Spoilers? I'm not even sure...I have absolutley no idea what I just played...what does it mean? what is the point of it? is it just the dev. attempting to make you feel or think a certain way? Why does it cost as much as it does? Does the title even mean anything? a beginners guide to what? how to never answer questions? is it supposed to make us look in to ourselves or simply teach us something about the video game making progress? Why does the narrator just up and leave at the end? What is his fixation with lamp posts? Is it even a game? Are we all driven by this compulsive need to be successful? Are you supposed to be sad? or maybe happy? I have never had so many questions and yet I have never been so happy to have none of them answered. At times it felt like the narrator was describing periods of my own life, as I have often felt the same way as this ""Coda""."
76561198094081727,Recommended,303210,28433998,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CrossDownStreet,Well ♥♥♥♥ me. This game was deep. Go buy it now...
76561197976149013,Not Recommended,303210,18439591,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Someone,"Whatever you do, do not support this game.I'll say it twice so you can see it.Whatever you do, do not support this game.This game is the compilation of a breach of trust by Davey Wreden. His ""friend"" Coda, who seemed more like someone he projected a friendship onto, made all of these games, and they werenot meant to be shared, especially not to the general public. The fact that this showed up in the ""Featured"" section disgusts me. But let's get to why.The Beginner's Guide is a walking simulator of a number of small projects made my Coda, as previously mentioned. They begin innocent enough, but quickly take an emotional turn. The one true fact of this game is that it is a betrayal. The creator of these projects made them to express himself and have a form of self-therapy, as many other artists do drawing or writing. These artists sketchbooks remain hidden and the writers notebooks remain tucked away as a matter of privacy, and the fact that Wreden is capitalizing on his friend's work is not just a breach of trust, it's plain piracy.Do not support this game. It is a critique and self-appreciating adventure through a ""friend"" thinking they're a white knight without understanding the slightest bit of the person they are claiming to help."
,Recommended,303210,18312136,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Taswacc,"What you have to understand before you play this game is that Coda exists. Whether or not Coda is real is irrelevent. If Coda was a real person of real struggles or a fictional one for the game doesn't matter. I reccomend you watch the trailer. By playing this game you agree to follow the narrorater on a journey. Coda disapeared, and his work with him. The Narrorator invites you to construct a persona and story for Coda depending on what you pull from his levels. If you agree that Coda is real, and agree to solve the mystery. That's when you will find glory in this game. This isn't a game so much as interactive art. If you ever tried to play psycologist for a friend, or just like to try and help those in need. Play this."
76561198034614762,Recommended,303210,19382667,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,hoppi164,"This is one of those games that you sit through the (short) credits in stunned silence.Interesting levels and Brilliant game dev ideas.Don't feel rushed when you play the game, Take your time through the levels and try and grasp the philosiphical concepts behind each ""level"".I Hope the The Beginner's Guide reaches the right person.I Hope it has the effect the developer intends."
76561198011001784,Not Recommended,303210,21205223,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dorg Borgus,"Would have been cool if you could playthrough the first time with the narration disabled. However instead of a bunch of cool abstract games all you get is some guy coplaining about how his unhealthy obsession with a mentally troubled kid that made games for a hobby had a negative impact on his life.(while still putting all of the kid's games on steam for a decent profit with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥apology)the games themselves were interesting, the narration and backstory really just read like an awkward highschool drama that really took away from the work of the games."
,Recommended,303210,19278919,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zachary/Zoey,"First things first, This is not a game.It is a narrative driven story, walking through small games.To give you an idea of what this game is like without spoiling it for you imagine this.You have a friend, who knows someone with a journal.Your friend gives you that journal, and begins to explain what he thinks the journal is saying, as you read through it.Your reading a journal from someone you do not know, as you friend explains its contents.That is the best way to describe this game without spoiling it. With that in mind, do not expect to be given a funny story like the Stanley Parable. This story has a much deeper meaning to it.This game is more like a piece of art. I did enjoy this game, and I would recommend you buy this, but be aware that what you are buying is not so much a game, but more of a story or movie."
,Recommended,303210,19509715,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ⱴ,"I strongly recommend you complete this in one sitting. It is only 90 minutes.As I write this having just finished, I am shaken. I thought the reviews from people saying they cried were over exaggerated at first, but I was wrong. It takes you on an emotional roller coaster that is simply impossible to convey with words. People cry at movies, that is a relatively easy thing to do. But beyond making you sad, this somehow manages to poke at some of your deepest and darkest fears which you never knew existed, and causes a lasting self reflection. I never thought it could be done in any form of entertainment.I'm not really sure what else to say other than it is truly profound and completely worth purchasing. I hope it makes as much of an impact on you as it did on me."
,Recommended,303210,20008479,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Conquest,"Note: If you haven't played it, I reccomend you do before watching and/or reading about it.buy it. play it. please."
,Not Recommended,303210,32770820,Posted: 25 June,all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Even more linear than ""The Stanley Parable"" the game's a 90-minute experience of an interactive fictional  documentary about a game dev named Coda.You usually traverse the source engine made locations and pull a switch now and then.The game's merit comes solely from the story of this guy Coda retold through the game levels he made and I'm completely fine with buying it but can't recommend it to a vast number of people who could just as well have the same experience by watching a ""let's play"".It's an interesting experiment, cheaper than a ticket for the next shallow Transformers movie but it's kind of a meta nice-to-have-seen game and not very appealing for most players."
,Recommended,303210,18519868,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,teej,"Really cool game. One of those games that make you start to question lots of stuff. Also the first game I played with the steam controller, and it was pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,303210,26544465,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,skogach,"This is maybe deep, but also awfully boring. So its place in a museum, not in steam. Piece ofartcrap."
76561198095457343,Recommended,303210,18281143,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Game_inator,"What do I think about the Beginner's Guide?This is a GREAT STORY however it isn’t what i call a GOOD GAME. The gameplay is limited to the odd sections where u can make dialogue choices or click E (like the Stanley parable). But its definitely a game that has to be experienced as it will alter your perception on how Video Games are created. It’s a game i would recommend without a doubt going into without watching videos about it before, trust me you will thank me. I love the design it makes you think when the story explains it to you depending onthe person’s mood in the story.It’s a great story and one that will make you think long after playing it.Pros:+Great Story+Great meaning behind levelsCons:-Not much gameplay-Linear Game (not that bad but had to point it out)8/10"
,Recommended,303210,24671213,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bastjanic,"It's a game with great insight... Short, yet heavy with meaning... Definitely worth to check..."
76561198025836735,Not Recommended,303210,18436698,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TigerDaniel5446,He should have paid me.
,Not Recommended,303210,18439235,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,dead moms walking,"I'd never really given much thought about the tormented, tortured minds of game developers, and even less thought to the people who love them.I just like to play their games... generally.Like, honestly, I don't know... is this Coda a real person that, as a gamer, I should know about, or is he some half baked alter ego of Davey's? ( I'm not even sure if what I just wrote would be considered a spoiler or not.)Seriously, we are not getting much here for our money. I mean, it woulda been nice if Davey had thrown a few Steam Trading Cards, into the deal.. but evidently he was in enough hot water with Coda, as it was...And, honestly, even with Steam Trading Cards, I'd still have to thumb The Beginner's Guide down.Here, I even made some, to prove it."
,Recommended,303210,18347869,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,WhiskeyNinja,"As someone whose image has been a google search result for some years, I am intimately familiar with the idea that once you have created/shared something on the internet, it no longer belongs to you. It belongs to everyone.I think the same can be said for a videogame. Once a creator has made something, it belongs to everyone.So the message I took away from this game seemed a bit pretentious. If you make something and share it, other people will be affected by it. Will take it and change it's shape. Will share it again.That's the way the world works.That's not condoning plagarism, of course. Owner's rights should be given to an individual that created something, but they can't reserve the right to have their work not be interpreted by anyone they choose to share it with.That's stupid.So this game? It's a fun piece of fiction. An interactive matinee. But as a game developer myself I have trouble relating with the core message, or at least what my interpretation of it was.So if the game's goal was to make me think: Mission accomplished. It was worth the entrance fee for that. But I hesitate to recommend it to others. But I suppose I will, because I'm glad I had the chance to think about what the game meant, and others deserve that experience.If there's some hidden meaning that I'm missing out on, then I wish the game would have tried harder to clue me in on it."
76561198000124133,Recommended,303210,18481653,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ghutz,"For me, this was a very immersive and emotional experience. I really hope that we will see more from this artist."
,Recommended,303210,24895146,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Data Doug,"Dear Davey and Everything Unlimited Ltd Staff,I am writing this review in the hopes that you would find it in the sea of likewise steam reviews of your game (however unlikely that may be). I, like many others, saw your game come out and though ""That is a neat idea, but it is a bit expensive for only an hour or two"", and then I moved on. Then one day I saw a playthrough pop up on youtube and I watched the entire thing though. It was a journey of both the game designer in me and the person that I am. And at the end I was moved by your game, it changed who I was as a person.And I did this all for free.All because I told myself ""the game is short"" and ""it was only $10"". But then I started thinking, ""does time equal value"" and ""Would it have been a better game if it was longer"". Then, of course EC put out their video on short games (which I would recommend along with all of their videos). And then I bought your game. Now it is sitting in my library and I doubt I'll actually play it longer than I needed to make this review. I did it because I realised that just because a game is short or doesn't use conventional mechanics to deliver their narrative, doesn’t mean that I could just enjoy their game and not give them the money. So while I am writing this to you, and other game developers like you, I am also writing this to my fellow gamers, because I loved your game and its impact on my life. Not only did I want to do my part to help you, but I also wanted to make my stance on the importance of short games.  I hope my contribution will help you make more games in the future, and I hope that more games in the future will have the same dedication that yours did.Best of wishes,The Data Doug"
,Not Recommended,303210,20505252,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SKIFREE,"Thankfully you can complete it in 1.5h and get a refund.Seriously, this is not fun, nothing of this ""game"" is cool. This is not even a game, games should be fun.If you think to buy this stuff because is from the creator of The Stanley Parable, just don't.The ""gameplay"" is linear, boring and short.Buy if you must, but be sure to finish within 2 hours to get a refund.PS: 300+ titles in my library and it's the first time i ask for a refund."
,Recommended,303210,18300867,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,an example of didactic art in early video games that scholars will mention from time to time wistfully
,Recommended,303210,24470844,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mr. DOS,"“Again, you can't stay in the dark space for too long – you can't, you just have to keep moving. It's how you stay alive.”"
,Not Recommended,303210,32968440,Posted: 28 June,all,Aergis,I don't feel it
,Not Recommended,303210,18298379,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Feenix,"Okay so it's pointless trying to review this without spoiling it so fair warning.I'm torn with this game. I want to like it but I just feel wronged, like i've been exploited in some way. See this is a work of fiction, presented as non-fiction. Which is in my view an exploitive and irresponsible narrative tool. There's plenty of reviews and discussion about Coda and who he is, it's all farcical. Coda does not exist. Coda cannot exist because Davey would have stolen his intellectual property and sold it for profit, leaving himself wide open to legal challenge. So once you realise this you realise everything you were told throughout the game was a paper-thin fabrication to house a very basic metaphor. Coda is Davey, it's the side of him that struggles creatively, the side of him that felt pressure trying to live up to the sucess of The Stanley Parable. At least that's what we think up until the final chapter, when Coda sends quite a clear message that he was fine the whole time and the interpretation was wrong. Which begs the question, is this a heart-felt relatable story about one's battle with creative vision? Or is this a giant f*** you to the viewer?This game has a few flashes of greatness and prompts some introspective moments. Overall however I just cannot get past the fact that the whole thing is a fabrication, and like Davey doesn't believe in unplayable games because there should always be an end goal - I don't believe in the whole journey being a lie, because then the game is nothing but pretense."
76561198042769909,Recommended,303210,18320320,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sgt. Cobb,get game
,Not Recommended,303210,19409784,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,anje,"=+=+= Don't judge this review just because it's a 'Not Recommended' and basic one. =+=+=When I found this game I was curious to find out what it could show me. The 'trailer' for the game makes things look a little interesting, like you get to go through someones collection of small games and try and figure out who they are. As you play the game it seems like that is the true goal. But . . . it's not. Now I won't spoil anything but honestly . . . I can't make my mind up on whether I feel depressed, angry, creative, claustrophobic, puzzled, physically sick, like I have to make things perfect, become someone important, get to know who I am and others better, etc.Basically my mind is going into meltdown and I don't know what the true purpose of my review was. (And this is my second review so don't expect it to be something glamorous. English is not my strongest subject.)Overall I don't know how to interpret my feelings about this. It's not bad but it's not great either. It's art to some but a puzzle to others.=+=+= *walks into a corner and cries, wanting to turn back time to stop myself from buying the game or at least get a refund* =+=+="
76561198032068804,Recommended,303210,18383105,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RiskRim,Coda
76561198035422756,Not Recommended,303210,28512580,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Anniz,"It was ALMOST an interesting experience, maybe it's just me but I didn't get anything from this game. No emotions whatsoever. Not that i'm cold, I just have a very different view on things he was talking about."
76561198064759480,Recommended,303210,24408825,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,anewt0704,"A profound gaming experience that will redefine how you view gaming as a whole. The enriched story touches many different aspects of our lives, especially the creative types who pick up this game, and even if it doesn't resonate with you it will give you an insightful look into yourself and the game's creator. Unlike its predecessor, the stanley parable, there is only one way to play this game and that's the way it's meant to be played. I've played through it several times now, crying each one as the beauty and remarkable narrative talent of the game make it very hard not to. I have a hard time calling this a video game and putting it in the same category as the generic FPS or sandbox game because this game really is so much more than that. But shouldn't we be holding the standard of 'video game' to the complexity of this game and not to the well designed but utimately shallow GTA series? This game will hopefully answer that question for you."
76561198200034639,Not Recommended,303210,32985271,Posted: 29 June,all,Octandor,It didn't touch me - this game might be a piece of art but it can also make you sit in front of your screen thinking 'when will something actually interesting happen?'. Not worth buying in my opinion.
,Recommended,303210,18282022,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,LegendaryKira,"interesting game, very thought provoking.only complaint.. wish it was a bit longer then it was."
,Not Recommended,303210,18346862,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mouse_Nightshirt,"I'm not entirely sure this game achievies what it's trying to do, which seems to beprojecting the creator's existential crisis onto another person's work.What instead comes out is more a degree of existential whinging, overlaid on a fairly poorly executed background of these individual ""games"".The narration is entirely the story, which in itself is not a bad thing. However the actual physicality of the game doesn't contribute to what's going on; considering the confused lurching from asking us to interpret things to being resolutely informed that the entire point wasreally to show the narrator's incessant need for validation,it's more like reading a book with an obtuse mime sitting right in your field of vision doing everything it can to distract you from what's actually going on, and in an annoying way at that, rather than one which contributes to the experience.Is Coda real? Is the narrator's story just a story?By the end, I didn't care, which is such a shame, because the early game sets an interesting tone.Narration games like ""Gone Home"" are a much better example of what this game is trying to be."
,Not Recommended,303210,24174941,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,worthlesstangent,"This game is more of an interactive movie than a game.  ""Walking simulator""  is a term I believe i've heard before.  It plays out, with no real options given to you as the player, which I believe may be it's only problem.  Otherwise, it had me captivated for the time I was playing it.  The story is really surprising and interesting.  I wouldn't recommend this game to the majority of game players... but if going to an art museum, or reading a sad book just for the feels, are things you might do- then go ahead and get this."
,Recommended,303210,18343818,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Spectral,"A perfect example of the evolution of a creative mind.Or is it an example of how external influences affect a creative mind?Spoiler:I am sure that i am not the only one,but i feel conflicted about this being released, because it is not what Coda wanted.Though i truly enjoyed experiencing each level, each game and each idea behind them.Does this justify sharing it with the world against the creator's wish?"
,Not Recommended,303210,18303842,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,☯ ackwell,"Let's call this what it is: Davey Wreden, the creator of the really funny and unique game ""The Stanley Parable"", talks us through ""games"" that some acquaintance of him has made throughout the years.From the description for this game: ""it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand"". Cryptic description, I know. What it essential means is ""Davey talks about what went through his acquaintance's head when making less than 5 minute long games without any true plot, and you as the player gets to press W and listen"". This is all fine if you're looking for that experience, but I was expecting something different, something similar to ""The Stanley Parable"". As the description for this game (for some reason) was written in such a cryptic way, it's hard to know beforehand what you're buying. In my case, I was disappointed.As this isn't what I thought the game was about and what the description entailed, I can't recommend it. My suggestion would be to simplify the description on the Store Page and make it more clear to the customer what he/she is buying. Furthermore I think it's outrageous to ask for ~8€ when Davey Wreden did not even create these games himself.So yeah. You're paying ~8€ to listen to Davey Wreden and to press W. If you think that's worth it, be my guest."
,Not Recommended,303210,18299482,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,itburnb,"I was a fan of both versions of The Stanley Parable, but I don't think that this game is worth the money.  Every part of the game is of lesser quality than The Stanley Parable.  The message is different, but still, it feels like an easy cash grab instead of anything meaningful.  Also, it's extremely short, 1h30.  Wait for it to be 75% off."
,Recommended,303210,18283154,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dr Labcoat,"[Updated review]I discussed the game with some friends that had also purchased a copy and one of my friends suggested something I hadn't considered. ""Don't trust the narrator..he's wrong about many things! See what happens then.""And she was right. She'd had a different connection to the game. I focused on game design structure, she was looking at it from the point of emotion. Which then made a lot of the previously confusing elements that I couldn't understand at all fit into the puzzle to complete a picture.So I can now see the whole picture, or at least understand what Coda was trying to do.I can now recommend this game given I'd missed so much on the first time through. It's not the Stanley Parable but I think this game is equally as good for doing the exact opposite of what Stanley had - to escape the path to a new ending. In this you are shown the wrong path and you have to find the right one. And I assumed that the polygons and textures was it.[Original review]Weirdest experience I've ever had playing a game. If I had to liken it to something, it would be like walking around the Library of Babel finding that none of the books have any meaning through the random jumble of letters. Just when you think you're not going to find anything useful, you find that one book has a single intelligible word. But its existence is completely by chance - it gives no insight to who built the library or where the books came from. Rationality tells you it's all worthless. Random noise. But the library exists to give you that idea.I have no idea whether this situation is fictional or factual. I've no idea whether the narrator is both developer and commentator. I can't tell you whether it's a waste of time or not. But I bought a copy. I played it. And by some miracle I didn't request a refund. I still don't know why. Perhaps I feel I can work it out if I look at it again. I don't know whether ir's accidental - this sense of emptiness or it's a carefully engineered con-trick to rob the participant of any sense of understanding.I don't even know if I can recommend this game or not. Steam forced me to pick an option but it felt wrong to click either button. I chose Yes after tossing a coin.The Stanley Parable tried to demonstrate the ineffectiveness of trying to escape a fixed narrative. This game is trying to ask if you can find meaning in the movement of fog and sand.  Can you look at the wind and see a form? All I feel is ambivalence."
,Recommended,303210,18301318,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GameDogLP,"Davey, I really hope that this game doesn't do the same thing that the Stanley Parable did to you. Just know we love ya <3"
,Not Recommended,303210,18334107,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lone,Don't.
,Recommended,303210,18345179,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,League,"Davey, I would like to seriously thank you for creating this game. It seems that becuase everyone was expecting The Stanley Parable 2, they forgot the reasoning behind your creation. Paying homage to your friend In such a way that goes against his will may annoy him, but it seems like he needed to be reconnected. I feel sorry for him, I really do. I teared up at least twice playing this game. I sincerely hope that your message within this game is passed on to Coda, and that one day he will accept your apology and return to us.-Aaron"
,Not Recommended,303210,18311534,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Traveler,"This is not what you would expect from the Stanley Parable developer at all. It's an extremely Pretentious walking simulator which starts out interesting, but quickly changes into an obviously fake waste of time. At least it was cheap."
76561197980218505,Recommended,303210,18306224,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Snapps,"I had feels I haven't felt in a videogame for a long time. It's not fair calling it a videogame tbh, it's a piece of art (one of the best examples of videogames as art i've seen) analyzing creativity, depression (or is it), social anxiety, friendship.Only recommended for those who like to think deep, if not don't waste your money,10/10."
76561198082169467,Not Recommended,303210,18450117,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Dufrain Galt,"I get it... but this was a waste of 1.5 hours to get to a ah-ha moment at the end. But understand that I am the guy who goes to a art showing and complains if the art is crap that ""my 6 year old could have done this""."
,Not Recommended,303210,18303780,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,exanimo.tw,Longest reaching selfie stick I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,303210,18302950,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fedor Hooch,"Are you a fan of The Stanley Parable? If yes, don't buy this game. It doesn't have an interesting narrative, is devoid of any surprises or clever trope subversions. Everything that made TSP good, this game simply doesn't have.Are you a pretentious indie gamedev hipster? If yes, do buy this game. It's self-absorbed, masturbatory nature will fit you like a glove."
,Recommended,303210,19931795,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,thicc pineapple,"It's hard to put this game into words, but that's just another reason as to why everyone should play it."
76561198010861662,Recommended,303210,18284960,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sole,"I wish I could explain to you this game. I wish I could explain to you how it touched me. How it reached out and held me. How all the work...hundreds and hundreds of hours of things I never show anyone...how I got to see someone else who is hiding just like I do. And to know I'm not the only one.And to feel so many emotions. This isn't a game, really. It's a call into the darkness. I don't know if it's a call of despair, joy, sadness. I can't interpret it because I'm not the one who spoke.All I know is I heard it. And you should hear it too."
,Recommended,303210,22851907,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ScarlettBrohansson,"Arguably too short for the price if you're not buying it on sale, but it tells a great story with fantastic narrative."
,Recommended,303210,20433132,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,wookietrooper,“One person's craziness is another person's reality.”― Tim Burton“Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.”― Mark Twain
,Recommended,303210,20428902,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Scrooge McFuck,"At first I was experiencing all the feels of this game. Then I realized a few things. #1. If Davey isn't Coda, then charging $10 for his work and a sob story makes him the most pitiful thing on this planet. #2 If Davey is Coda, then charging $10 for a fake sob story and medicore level design with fake interpretations makes him the most pitiful person on the planet. And #3 This game is the maddest disrespect to Coda (if he is real), making Davey the most pitiful SAVAGE on the planet."
,Recommended,303210,18362758,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,deranking tbh,is coda even realballer game though
,Recommended,303210,20425835,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Shami,"It's hard to describe The Beginner's Guide because I haven't played anything quite like The Beginner's Guide.The 'game' is a guided experience, narrated by Davey Wreden (Developer of this and The Stanley Parable) as he takes you through a bunch of short games that were created by 'Coda', A person he has lost touch with and tries to reconnect with through this very game. While leading you through these games, Davey gives his opinion on his deeper interpretations of these games and what they mean to him. It's through this narration that the game spins it's tale and along the way the way provides an interesting thought experiment about what the purpose of a game is and what a person's role as the player entails.The game is incredible short (Less than an hour and a half, so you should probably grab it in a sale) and it's hard to desribe what I liked about it so much without spoiling various facets of the game but if you're interested in games that subvert what a game is or what a game should be, then by all means play through this."
,Recommended,303210,20566929,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Muad'Dib,Make the pain stop...
,Recommended,303210,24700135,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr Greensleeves,"A trip into a mindscape of creativity and a confusing glimpse from the narrator, there were certain parts of the story that tugged at me and made me think for a meaning, but in the end all i felt was this.If you cant understand, then dont try to understand, only when you do this will you truly understand.G.G."
,Recommended,303210,23704588,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,₪𝕀𝔾𝕆ℝ,"It's one of those stories once again, that put a mirror in front of my face.Yes, game, I see what I'am. So what? I saw it before. You're not the first to show me this. And you're not the first to tell me that I'm a bad person. Not the first to make me feel bad. What are you trying to achive? Do you want me to change? Then why don't you show me how I should fix it?Oh, right. I frogot. Stories like you never do show us any way out. You just present us with our nature, indice us and then... Then, when we need guidance, you just walk away.What's the point then?Exactly. There is none."
,Recommended,303210,18429242,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Spleenball,What do you see in yourself? What do you see in other people? Do you feel trapped? Are you a loner? Are you worried about not making a mark on society? Do you feel like you can't breathe? Do you feel like someone is watching you? Do you feel tired? Do you feel depressed? Do you feel like not speaking? Are you emotionally drained?The Beginner's Guide may or may not answer these questions. It all depends on you.
76561198030434695,Recommended,303210,18600059,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,J.,"This game takes you along on a leash through a linear set of games, by the end it rips something out of you and makes you feel empty afterwards :/"
76561198042346999,Recommended,303210,18301773,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ninjabredman,"Its not a traditional game experience but essential for anyone wanting to have a thought provoking experience, very introspective and worth it inspite of its short length and price, in my opinion."
,Recommended,303210,20565901,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ツービ,"Sadly, my longo is a merely 0,4 with this game. But it's still one of my favorite games ever! It's a HUGE gem in my steam library."
,Recommended,303210,19890901,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Moonie,"This game, was really hard for me to take in.Coming near the end, it started to become really depressing, I do wish there was more about these two, I really do.Not much else I can say, I'm speachless after playing this game.Story - 10/10Soundtrack - 9.5/10Price - I'm iffy on this, but I'll go with 7.5/10.For what this ""Game"" offers, I'd say the 11$ CDN (might be 9.99$ USD) is really nice if the soundtrack was included. Otherwise, the price to me feels abit too high, and I quote ""abit."" Other than that, this game, truely a saddening story in my opinion, I would recommend to those that like to listen to a story while being put on a one-way-ish path of images about the stories, explaining one's life."
,Recommended,303210,29453918,Posted: 23 January,all,The Laissez Pharaoh,"Occasionally, after finishing a certain film or book or piece of music or whatever for the first time, I'm forced to just sit there for a while to process what I've just experienced, and how deeply it affected me. In these rare experiences, I feel as though I've been struck dumb by just how extraordinarily brilliant and moving the piece of art is, so much so that all of a sudden it makes all of the other pieces I've previously seen from the same medium look like they were made by children, in comparison.I've probably only had this experience less than 5 times in my life. And I had it at the end of the Beginner's Guide.A lot of the power of the Beginner's Guide is in how different people interpret it in ways that are uniquely meaningful to them. This being the case, I won't give any specifics about it, because each word you read about it before you experience it for yourself will water down its power to speak to you uniquely.So all I'll say is please, play this game, and before you do try to read as little about it as possible."
,Recommended,303210,20599029,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,death to the author
,Recommended,303210,20578231,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,816三个数字,"It's a pretty good game. It tells me ""Do not do the thing your friend don't want to"""
,Recommended,303210,20565155,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,LaResistance Mike,Philosofy in a video game shape
,Recommended,303210,18409875,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"The less you know about what this game is about going in, the more it will fascinate you. You need to play - or more accurately - experience it. It is something that you've never seen from a video game before."
,Not Recommended,303210,20176003,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Mongoose,"If the author believed in their own message from this ""title"", then they wouldn't be selling it, it should be free."
76561197964003991,Recommended,303210,18799038,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,cajun,"What can I say about this game? No one should talk about it, yet everyone should play it. There is no point playing this game if you've read something about it already. Well, at least if you did read something already and then play the game it will change the outcome of ... you know what, let me start over. Don't read any review about this game. Seriously. Stop now, Before there is nothing left for you to enjoy. But you wont. Because a path is before you and you are compelled to see it to the end. Even if I tell you by moving forward you will experience unsatisfying results. Even if I say stop now; you wouldn't. STOP. And still you move on. So should I make a point here then. To end your suffering, or should I continue to type to see just how far you're willing to follow the maze of thought i've laid before you. Would you reflect on this or would you dismiss it all as ramblings. Ultimately the best choice is to not begin, as I've stated numerous time, that you should play the game and stop relying on other peoples experiences to make an interpretation for yourself. But you've made it thus far, so you made the choice, your own indpenent chioce, to read a document that never wanted to be read and tortured you for doing so.Wait that kinda sounds like The Stanley Parable.?Hey, THIS guy made The Stanely Parable!"
,Recommended,303210,19356882,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Amant,This is an experience that everyone should go through.
,Recommended,303210,19086466,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Booboo✿,"I-I have no words. It's just an amazing game that will leave you speechless. Play it. Don't watch the videos, don't read about it, just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18298296,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Royel,Avoid reviews or the trailer. This is a very creative experience and more worthwhile than an hour and a half movie.
,Recommended,303210,18285708,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PapaJohns,"Wow this game is brilliant in every sense of the word. It is hands down one of the best ""story"" games i have played ever. the game is wonderful, breath-taking and magnificant. the game made me cry and i have never felt that way EVER about a video game. all i can say right now is wow.... i cant believe how good that game was"
76561198042600462,Recommended,303210,18294842,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SirKlu,"I dont really know what to say... i think you cant say anything about this game, i think you just have to play it."
,Recommended,303210,18304923,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JeffTehBuck,Very touching game. An amazingly thought provoking story that really draws you in. It is proof to me that a video game does not need to have complex gameplay in order for it to a wonderful experience. A true work of art.
,Recommended,303210,18308231,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,whoisbma,"Confounding, contradictory, introspective, accusatory, honest, misleading, affecting. Self-consciousness and meta-self-absorption expanding/collapsing to a multi-dimensional singularity. (???) Self reflection inverting inside itself. (?????????)"
,Recommended,303210,18323205,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Doofer,Amazing.
,Recommended,303210,18421281,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Automatic Hydromatic Sex Robot,"Those of you who want to buy this game looking for more Stanley Parable will be disappointed. This game finds more in common with things likeDear EstherorGone Home. It is heavily narrated quintessential walking simulator.Also you will be disappointed if you expect to sink hours into this. This is a story to be experienced and assuming you take your time with it and take the time to appreciate the unfolding experience you will be done within 2 hours at most.So you're paying $4 an hour to walk forward and hear a man talk. And it's worth every penny.Davey Wrenden offers a deep and touching story with an intimacy that a passive medium such as film can only dream of, intimacy that can only be gained by ""going through a journey"" through someone. It is a beautiful performance that draws you in. Immaculately designed enviroments and a truely beautiful score that rides the waves of the story both add nuance and depth on multiple levels. It both bleeds sincerity and real emotion and when it's over it will leave you with a lot to unravel about yourself and about the people you learned about.There really is nothing else I can say without ruining the game so all I can say is that this game will challenge your sense of yourself, it will touch you and it will not stop once you close the program and will steep in your mind like an existenial teabag.The teabag is feels flavored."
,Recommended,303210,19383537,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hecko,I can't even put my experience with this game into words. Just play it. Game of the year.
,Recommended,303210,18326476,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,WeedHomie CSGO4LIFE,Great Story. Really liked the game ! Really Recommend Game That Has Great Adventure With The Guy That Talked With You. Deep And Great Game.
,Recommended,303210,18368478,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,「fluffybeard」,"This game is an emotional experience.. i cant really describe, you have to play it to understand"
76561197973916494,Not Recommended,303210,20104158,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Seeks,"This game was absolutely terrible as far as what I was lead to believe that I would get myself into after reading the reviews. The reviews make this game appear to be a real emotional journey, one that takes you into the mind of a troubled game developer. Instead, what I took from this was that this game is essentially a composition of a bunch of ""games"" created by another individual and that this other individual did NOT want these games to be seen by the public, let alone the person who created this, as he stated he had to almost solicit him in order to get to play these ""games"". A note to the dev: what you are doing is terrible and the fact that you are making money off of all of these people buying your ""project"" also disgusts me."
,Recommended,303210,18297482,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Roasty Toasty ツ,"ok ♥♥♥♥ers usually i do joke reviews but this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpeice pick this♥♥♥♥♥♥up right now it's so ♥♥♥♥in good,, dont watch any footage on youtube, dont read any dodgy reviews just STEAL UR PARENTS CREDIT CARD ND BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,303210,22752624,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SnootyGinger,The Beginner's Guide is one of the most thought-provoking games I have ever played. I am so glad I decided to buy this off of a whim.
,Recommended,303210,22870815,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,khaki,10/10 would ign again
76561198056606302,Recommended,303210,22873000,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Baldguy B. McFlamehammer,"I sat speechless for a solid minute at the main menu after completing this.The game isn't what I would consider a masterpiece, yet I wholeheartedly reccomend it to everyone. Especially those who have even the slightest interest in game design or the creative arts."
,Recommended,303210,33054573,Posted: 30 June,all,Ace Herz,Its a really great story
76561198093076264,Not Recommended,303210,33076218,Posted: 1 July,all,nzcityboy,Game wouldn't open on 2nd launch... Was a cool game. :(
76561198011268529,Recommended,303210,33022341,Posted: 29 June,all,dertwev,"There's no denying that this is an interesting game. However, I would not pay more than $5 for it. It is not as deep as some of these other reviews would have you believe.I would recommend this to someone who is completely bored and has an hour to spare but beyond that I can't recommend it if you have other games you'd like to play."
,Recommended,303210,18284701,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,nyn,"Fantastic game.Just remove any expection about the ""Stanley Parable"" kind of thing out of your head, because it's not a Stanley Parable kind of game.It's another kind of feel."
76561197980720158,Not Recommended,303210,33304095,Posted: 6 July,all,eliitti,"While this game is probably a powerful experience for some people and I can see why it can be, it didn't manage to make me feel and think the way it's obviously meant to. It didn't surprise, shake or break me properly like I kind of hoped it would. This doesn't mean the same applies to you reading this, so you might want to give it a try when it's on sale and request a refund if it's not for you either."
,Recommended,303210,18379220,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Geysur,"Probably one of the most emotional games I've played in a long time. It's short but man...it's worth it. If you're looking for a short game to play, this is it. It's worth the money.Davey, I hope you come to find your peace. People mess up, I've been through the same situations you are going through and it sucks. Good luck."
76561198063376514,Not Recommended,303210,19878909,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jourdonnais,I really tried to follow the storyline but it was sooo boring for me. It can't be compared with breathtaking Stanley Parable.
76561198026599867,Not Recommended,303210,20593016,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PHALLUS,"Interesting I guess, but didn't do anything for me. All these 'art' games seem more about people trying to prove videogames are an art form than they are about saying anything. I didn't get why the guy cared about Coda, and by extension why I should. It was a story with no involvement."
,Not Recommended,303210,20799953,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,nik3daz,"I really wanted to get the refund, but in lieu of that, I'll write this review (only because the 14 days are up). It greatly annoys me to have directly contributed money to something that I so do not support.This is an art game. If the art does not speak to you, if you are looking for a game with mechanics, this is going to be a complete waste of your time. There's not really any gameplay or humor or music or pretty stuff to latch onto so unless the core message and story of this game resonates with you, you're unlikely to find anything to enjoy.I personally found this to be self-indulgent and poorly written. A different execution of the core concepts may have appealed to me. This does not.Best of luck to the authors in their future endeavors."
,Recommended,303210,20784765,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,HeavenlyDog,wonderful introspective little something about egotism and creativity.
76561198094032093,Not Recommended,303210,20552040,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ThePunsMaster,"I was decently excited when this game was released, but even after the last update, the game still won't work on mac!"
76561198006621460,Not Recommended,303210,20796960,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Antli,NOT WORTH 9€maybe worth if you buy it from a saleTHERE IS NO GAMEPLAYIf you want to experience it I suggest you watch it from YouTube*SPOILERS*The game tries too hard to get emotionaland the ending is flat.I tried to think of any friends who would find this game a profound experience but I couldn't think of any.It just felt forced.If you like inspirational facebook quotes you might like this game
,Recommended,303210,18304188,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Alien Dude,I`M CRYING LIKE A GIRL RIGHT NOW! PLEASE LET THIS ALL BE TRUE! PLEASE LET IT BE! DAVEY AND COTA... THANK YOU FOR THIS! THANK YOU!
,Recommended,303210,18466301,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,StantoMacGuffin,"This game spoke to me on a deep, almost primal level. I can't say anything else about it because you really don't want it spoiled for you. You just need to experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,19774534,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ansonh92,"Two months ago, when I played this game, Davey Wreden, the creator of this game and The Stanley Parable, asked me a simple question in this game. He wanted me to send my answer to his e-mail.Today, I have yet to give him my answer. I am sorry, Mr. Wreden, even I don't know how to answer it.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Oh, uh. If you want to play this game, think this as a new game and have no expectation, please.And, yes. I am sorry I can't tell you anything without spoiling the story. Just like last time. Sorry."
,Recommended,303210,18329018,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LambdaPyro,"The best game I played this year. This game is not the stanley parable, its an experience that will leave you speachless for awhile. Its best not knowing anything about the game before playing it. Its something you have to take in yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18328343,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,sugarbeard,goddamn.
,Recommended,303210,18298827,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Saint Satan,A Deep Descent into the Human MindProbably one of the most original games I've ever played.  The Beginners Guide is very thought provoking story based game from the maker of The Stanley Parable.  It's pretty damn short but worth the price.  Hell you could even be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and return it but you wouldn't unless you're stone cold heartless because this game will impact you.  This game will being sticking in your head for a long while.Recommended.
,Recommended,303210,28213552,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MilesNocte,This game tells an incredable story and is extremly well made!
76561198117326730,Not Recommended,303210,26477356,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shurochka,"Nice work of art, I really liked it. But it's more of a story than a game."
,Recommended,303210,18378962,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,xyzforgottenme,10/10 Would stop putting lamposts in other peoples games again.Did narrator ever create a game for himself to give to Coda?
,Recommended,303210,21398365,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,dismay,"You're be from ""I just won $40 million in Gold Lotto"" to ""One day, I am going to die, and there is nothing I can do about it.""10/10 walking simulator. HIGHLY RECOMMEND A SHRINK IF COMPLETED5/10 for stealing your depressed friends work and making money out of itOverall, 5/10"
,Recommended,303210,23609292,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Doc Mahak,"This game will change you. I'm not sure for the better or worse but it will change you. This is a narrative driven game, that depends on you. What I mean by that is, the Begginer's Guide tells you a story. You may or may not like it. I myslef did. Until the end, I could believe the story I was being told was non-fiction. Now that brings me to the ending. I won't have any spoilers in this, but the ending took me out of this story completley. I do recomend this game though, for the type of person who likes being told a story, and also someone who likes documantaries. This game isn't perfect, but it doesn't need to be."
76561198039049877,Recommended,303210,28211046,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ultorian,There are tears in my eyes..
,Recommended,303210,23886528,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,vav,"This can't really be considered a game...its really a story. A great story. It is sad, but interesting and intriguing, and truly amazing. Definitely recommend, it is a great story to sit back and enjoy."
,Recommended,303210,20579545,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Phoenix7307,"This is game...This is a very DEEP, EMOTIONAL game.This game won't be for everyone. If you enjoy games by Davey Wreden then this is another one to add to the library.Sit back and enjoy the FEELS.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,21518206,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Arab Attack,"Won't somebody tell meWhat is the soul of a manWell I've travelled to different countriesI've travelled to the foreign landI found nobody could tell meTell me what is the soul of a manI want somebody to tell meAnswer me if you canI want somebody to tell meTell me what is the soul of a manWell I saw a crowd talkingI just came up in timeTeaching the lawyer and the doctorA man ain't nothing but his mindWell I want somebody to tell meAnswer me if you canI want somebody to tell meTell me what is the soul of a manYes what is the soul of a manWell I read the Bible oftenI tried to read it rightAs far as I can understandIt's nothing but a burning lightGod, I want somebody to tell meWhy don't you answer me if you canI want somebody to tell meTell me what is the soul of a manI want somebody to tell meAnswer me if you canI want somebody to tell meTell me what is the soul of a manOh, what is the soul of a man"
,Recommended,303210,18347391,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,elecdog,"It's short and linear, but I found it more interesting than The Stanley Parable.You might feel bad close to the end, remember that this is a work of fiction. The characters are fictional. The conflict is real though.I'm a game developer. If you never created anything youself, you might not understand this game and find it strange and pointless. So it might be better for you to skip it now, and come back to it later. When you know what the creative process is from the inside. If that happens before you die, of course.Describing the game would be spoilers, and counter to its message. Just play it. It's certainly worth its price."
76561198027019369,Not Recommended,303210,20120831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mr. Tenenbaum,"Didn't work for me. Highly pretentious, uncomfortably personal and too expensive for the overall experience."
,Recommended,303210,18423542,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Propane and Propane Accessories,An experience that I will certainly be thinking about for some time.
76561198120356601,Recommended,303210,18449245,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mcwilliam0625,"This game is absolutely amazing. There are no words to truly describe the depth this game goes into. It is truly a work of art, and if you want to end up contemplating life and everything it stands for by the end then play this absolutely wonderful game."
,Recommended,303210,18498862,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sandwhip,"This 'game' isn't a game.It's an expirience, and an amazing one at that.You journey into a stranger's mind to find out who the are, and what you find is disturbing, extremely depressing and straight-up...lonely.I walked into this 'game' purely because it's by the makers of the stanley parable, with absolutely no idea what it was about. I cried twice.I highly recommend this 'game' toanyone.It doesn't matter who you are, but you need to 'play' this game. Don't look at any lets plays, don't look at any reviews that might contain spoilers. I myself have not actually completed it yet, but for the few hours i've played I can tell you that this 'game' is unlike anything i've ever seen. If you want to know more,Just play it.Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,28850615,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Baku,"Dang, this was one of the best games i played in a while. Narrator is good and its a good story to listen and play to.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,28855458,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,PB4000,"This game leaves me speechless and I feel wrong for even playing this game. I feel like i have violated his privacy. If you are thinking about plaing this game, do it.Fyi, this is a work of fiction. It's not really said or advertised anywhere except in the reviews."
76561197964012765,Recommended,303210,28854640,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Raine,Felt like being lead down a lovely garden path to then be told im trespassing and promptly arrested.
,Recommended,303210,18283373,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Argen,"Um I'm honestly not 100% sure where to go with this review. This is not necessarily a 'game' in the way that you might see other games. However, what it is, is a touching story about the concept of alternative game design, and has honestly made me rethink how one interprets a game. Davey, I am so glad you put this together, because playing this in one sitting, it genuinely moved me and made me actually think really hard about certain issues both in my life and in the broader community.Thank you <3"
,Recommended,303210,18347573,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FlashieB,"This game is possibly the best game that i've ever played. The sadness, the confusion and everything else this game offers, is out of this world. You dont understand whats going on, and you most likely never will. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18664627,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DnerFun,The Most Beautiful Game Ever.
,Recommended,303210,18285477,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheManko,"The Beginner’s Guide is similar to The Stanley Parable, in that it’s more about games and the people who make them, than being a game itself. But the tone it goes for is very different from The Stanley Parable. This isn’t a comedy, not in the least. It aims higher, exploring the audience’s relation to art, and the artists themselves, with complete sincerity.This has a narrower appeal than The Stanley Parable, but will hit harder and resonate more with the people who get it. I loved it. But because the game is more “arty”, and more personal than The Stanley Parable it’s impossible to tell whether you will too. It’s well executed, with good acting, writing and excellent music. No complaints as far as production values go.The Stanley Parable had plenty of branching paths and endings, and was about that. The Beginner’s Guide on the other hand is linear, and builds toward a single end with more power, with a clear unambiguous message. Did I like it more? I don't know! It's so different they almost can't be compared, even if they're made in the same engine, by the same people, with the same method of telling it's story. All I can say for sure is I absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,18281923,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Walmart,I have no words
,Recommended,303210,18283443,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,agumon,Especially worth it if you're an overly analytical creative type.
,Recommended,303210,18285514,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,pants,Wow.
,Recommended,303210,18297743,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Naoto,All i can say honestly is...just play it and experience it. There is nothing else i can say other then just play it
,Recommended,303210,18298303,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sesser,"This game may not be The Stanley Parable, but it is still an interesting story. If you are the type of person who can get along in a game just to hear a story about someone trying to come to terms with some very difficult troubles with creativity, then you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,303210,18319542,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RyanMakesGames,You have to see this. You have to play this. Do it.I can't formulate any other thoughts.
,Recommended,303210,18286104,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,adolson,"I don't even know how to review this, for lack of a better term, experience. I think a lot of people will like it, but the ""core gamer"" who cares only about shooty-shooty-bang-bang should probably stay away."
,Not Recommended,303210,20235350,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,blaine,"I absolutely loved The Stanley Parable. The way it handled contextual story telling was probably better than any other game I've ever played.Stanley's story could be told no other way and have it be so impactful. It simply needs to be a game.The Beginner's Guide does not share that need. It's a piece of linear, narrated fiction. It could just as soon have been a short film.  Me, as the player, is ultimately unncessary. The level of interactivity is sub-Gone Home, a game famous for begging the question ""is this even a game?"".Perhaps that's what Davey was going for.Maybe I just wanted something and he wanted to give me something and they just weren't the same.The Begginer's Guide is not bad. I just don't reccomend it."
,Recommended,303210,23460641,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,daznai,"One of the best stories I have played and is definitely worth it to spend a short time playing through the whole game, which is only really an hour or so."
76561198105088993,Recommended,303210,23575338,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,adam_shay97,"Definitely an interesting premise. I liked playing through it, but not to the point where I would go through it again. Still glad I bought it though"
,Recommended,303210,23625066,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sean,"Buy the pack for this game and sit in your chair for the following hour and a half and watch as this game changes your life.PS* If you don't sit through the credits, you're a monster."
76561198064138790,Recommended,303210,23607059,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jackowfish,"A game that made me think about how other people think. About each persons individuality, that everyone doesnt think like me or find pleasure in the same things I do. Highly reccomend, a good game to reflect on, not for anyone looking for action or alot of excitement though."
,Recommended,303210,28674104,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bait,"I just...I can't even tell you how good this game is... I know not the words that could do this game justice.Just play it. You'll see what I mean.You will leave this 1-hour-ish experience, quite satisfied."
,Recommended,303210,28681375,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,quaternary,"Oh, oh man, this is one of those games (like Parable) where it's impossible to give an informative review without spoiling the whole thing. What I will say is that - it's absolutley incredible. A must-buy narrative game."
,Recommended,303210,20054082,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Profile,♥♥♥♥♥s deep
,Recommended,303210,18369898,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,EzzieRa,8:03 AM - EzzieRa: I just experienced all of that8:04 AM - P3 is now Online.8:08 AM - P3: idk what that is8:08 AM - EzzieRa: the beginner's guide8:08 AM - EzzieRa: it's like watching fight club for the first time8:09 AM - EzzieRa: you just feel weird and like you just really have lots of ideas about life8:10 AM - P3: lol
,Recommended,303210,19971375,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[Dupl3xxx] rawr!,<this space intentionally left blank>
,Recommended,303210,19042202,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kushy,Why are you here??? WHY ARE YOU HERE???? WHHHHHHHHHY ARE YOU HERE!!!?? BUY THIS INCREDIBLE GAME!
,Recommended,303210,18863106,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,dodo,"Be prepared for a lot of ""FeelsBadMan.jpg"" when playing this. Still, one of the best experiences I've had with gaming this year. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18978066,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Adelost,You have no idea.
,Recommended,303210,28337741,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SCP-1545,nice game. hurt my feelings
,Recommended,303210,28366403,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,H4x0rus,"There are games...And then there is art.----------------------This game is great. It took roughly 90 minutes to complete, but it felt like spending only a few minutes, because I was so focused on finishing it. At first it seems really weird, but interesting. And that's how it gets you.----- Expect small spoilers, I will try not to spoil the story, only use references----It involves more story and more drama, as it continues. And you get this feeling of looking into one direction and understandind the meaning of everything, even going as far as to assuming a theory, and already expecting the outcome, and this feeling becomes stronger and stronger, until you realize the terrible truth. Tbh I was shattered. I would have never expected this ending. It felt wrong. All the evidence, and then... BOOM! YOU HAVE BEEN TRICKED!The game is art. And the feelings in it were amazing. The price might be a bit much for the playtime, but not even close to enough for the feelings and the general feeling after finishing it. I just did, and I still feel empty. I want to go back. Learn more. And see things get right. But I never will. And I will always be left with a thirst for more.And that is worth any price in this world."
76561198120092999,Recommended,303210,20421953,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,doriendurga,"Beautiful. Brilliant.A great example for the evolution story telling goes through in our time. Video games have become a great tool for this, and this is shifting our perception of a ""story"". I feel very lucky to live in this era and be able to watch this changes in action."
76561198283917553,Recommended,303210,29414732,Posted: 21 January,all,catherineyang9901,I am so so so emotionally attached to the game. I cried in the last four chapters. Chapter 8 Notes makes me feel endlessly lonely.
,Recommended,303210,18335307,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SardonicHedgehog,"Beginner's Guide reminded me of the book Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov.Both rely on a narrator telling you a story about someone they admire, with the story becoming unhinged as you proceed through it; and both are framed around an unfinished work (in Pale Fire a poem, in Beginner's Guide series of games).But the structure of Pale Fire is hypertextual, meaning as you read the story you are encouraged to skip around to different parts of the book. As you do this, you deviate from the main story and pick up on tidbits that provide context to what you have read or will read. So as work through Pale Fire, there's this slow, muddled crescendo of psychological horror that creeps on you until you realize something is very wrong, but you are never explicity told what it is.In Beginner's Guide, the story is told very linearly. You are told explicitly what is happening as it's happening. There are recurring themes, and some self references, but everything that's happening is presented in a fixed sequence. So the buildup happens quickly (it is an interesting buildup), and dissipates almost immediately.If Beginner's Guide had some bit of hypertextuality (it has none, which is kind of unforgivable given the medium and the pedigree of the game's creator) it would have been a more meaningful, thrilling, and lasting experience. Beginner's Guide shows promise, but there are already games that tell this kind of story better (like Her Story).Still recommended, but not enthusiastically."
,Recommended,303210,18290827,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,blublublub,a very sad and gorgeous thing
76561198041019223,Recommended,303210,18293016,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Krael,"The author has an amazing talent for expressing things interactively. This is not really a game, I'd rather name it art.I say for what you get, the price is too high, even with the current discount. This will not occupy you for much more than an hour. But it's an hour well spent."
76561198090975517,Not Recommended,303210,33133907,Posted: 2 July,all,Cheshire,"A lot of people go on about how emotionally gripping this game is. I cannot say I agree. It wasn't all that bad, but neither was it too good. Even on the current sale (60% off, for future reference), I wouldn't say it's worth the money."
76561198065511856,Recommended,303210,33972381,Posted: 2 August,all,cem,Play this game if you want but its not a fun game and if you relate to this you will be suicidal. I dont relate to this whatsoever but to the right person this game can be devastating. I had a friend who commited suicide because of a movie she saw and it made her so depressed she had to kill herself. I am just trying to warn you guys. I will recommend this game but please take my warning seriously. You never know what can happen next after a experience like this.
,Not Recommended,303210,33352945,Posted: 7 July,all,bob loblaw,"I guess you're supposed to be a developer to really enjoy this. It's not a bad experience, but I find it a little pricey.Play Dr. Langeskov instead."
,Not Recommended,303210,33381424,Posted: 8 July,all,SlugJones,"I'm sorry, but I just don't like it. It seemed a little try-hard and pretentious. The end did not blow me away and was underwhelming. Nor will I be thinking about it for days, as others have mentioned. I do enjoy ""games"" that make you think and what not, but this one just bored me. I did not feel for the character nor did I self reflect on anything. But, other people seem to love it, so there's that."
,Recommended,303210,19641598,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Black Bean Salsa,"A very progressive entry for storytelling in video games.I enjoyed this game on a technical level very much, but the story that it was telling was fairly uninteresting. It felt like the story itself was a very thin veil over the creators ideas about what games can be and how to achieve those goals.Worth playing, but get it on a sale."
,Recommended,303210,19886448,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Clever Username,How to complete this game.1) Press W2) Cry
,Recommended,303210,33573739,Posted: 15 July,all,PhoenixG,OMG I NEARLY CRIED!!! DEFINENTLY PLAY THIS!!! I SWEAR!!! ITS SO TOUCHING!!!!
,Recommended,303210,18314586,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gothicpolar,deepest♥♥♥♥♥♥of the deepest order10/10 would sink deep in feelings again
,Recommended,303210,22017039,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ChrisJohnBlack,Steps to follow:1) Get the game.2) Thank me later.
,Recommended,303210,18520023,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dirst,"It's good. It's more of a movie than a game. It tells a story, where you as a player are not relevant. Your middle finger may need a break from holding W from time to time, but the story it tells is worth following.I enjoyed finding the secrets hidden in The Stanley Parable, and was a bit disappointed to not find any in this game, but a branching plot probably would have taken away from the game overall,especially considering the ending.I can understand complaints about the price, as there are many other gamesNuclear Throne hint hintaround the same cost with hundreds of hours worth of fun packed in, but not many games can tell a story like this one can, and I don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,303210,23061505,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Fred Fredson,Codu sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥u make me wanna kms10/10  game tho
,Not Recommended,303210,20360091,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Артур Копрокубов,"Wow this was pretentious and unfun to go through. I purchased this and antichamber together, and finished this second. I would rather get a good story driven narrative game than this. The points it's trying to make make antichamber's ""Life tips and tricks windows"" sound like deep and life-changing advice. This is like the terribly cursed whatever but that one was free, and much shorter. Refund/10ALSO THERE'S A ♥♥♥♥ING SCREAMER IN IT ARE YOU SERIOUS IT'S 2016"
,Recommended,303210,26530637,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CH0WD3R,"I have no words for this game.You could choose the way you want to think about it but it just left me in tears.I always say when I buy games I don't buy them for the price or popularity, I buy them for an experience.This game has truly shown me something that will change the way I think and act towards other people.I would recommend this game so you could experience how it is to only see things on the outside."
,Recommended,303210,18496860,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,yes
76561197999922596,Recommended,303210,18280972,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ThunderMohawk,"I'm not sure whether this game was enchantingly hideous, or hideously enchanting."
76561198081268035,Recommended,303210,22017082,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Butt Stallion,"As an aspiring game designer, this hit me a little below the belt. 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,303210,31603329,Posted: 7 May,all,huskobon,"Beautiful game.Playing The Beginners Guide, I felt emersed into the experience of the message. I felt this sense of a deep connecion between Coda, and the Narrirator to the point where I felt that I knew who was really reaching out inside.  This is another great edition from the team of The Stanley Parable.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this title for those looking for a relaxing, yet driving experience of the game. It's short yes, but it's not terrible at all. If at all, grab it on sale, and kick back and enjoy.9/10"
,Not Recommended,303210,20300168,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Paulotron,"Usually a review is supposed to help people decide if they should buy this game. But most of the reviews I read are more like a movie review that is meant for people who watched the movie. So this will contain spoilers. Stop reading after ""About the game"" if you want to try the story with fresh eyes.While ""playing"" I was very torn between recommend and not recommend. The ending made my decision easy though.About the game:The gameplay is nothing like the Stanley Parable if you wonder. In fact there is no gameplay. Yes you can play the little game sequences but the narrator will not let do much else. It is more like a movie where I have to keep ""W"" pressed so the movie continues. You choices (few there are) are meaningless. I think it is neither a game nor some showcase about game design...it is statement. See it as a movie where you can walk around the set.Spoilers start here-----------------------------------About the story:I'd like to preface this with the fact that everything in this game might not be true. I could be a fantasy. But the narrator really tries to convey the notion that this is actually true and Coda exists or did exist. This of course opens Wreden (the dev) up to much critisism over his behaviour, which did influence my gaming experience quite a lot.In the first few minutes I thought I knew what was going to happen. We will see a person (Coda) deteoriate through ""playing"" his games until he commits suicide (or at least tries). And this game is supposed to be like a monument and the admission that Wreden did not or could not help him.This is not how it is going to end. Coda just cuts off contact with Wreden because he felt violated. Coda just made games for himself, Wreden thought he is in some dark place and tries to ""help"" him by showing his games to others. To get Coda some praise and feedback. He did that without his consent. Coda feels like Wreden is just projecting his own issues onto him and his games. Coda made games like others write diaries. For himself. That is why he breaks off contact. Wreden instead makes the ""Beginners Guide"" to somehow apologize and try to reconnect with Coda. And he does exactly what Coda does not want him to do.This is a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do. After playing it I felt like I had invaded someones deepest private thoughts. Stuff other people might tell their therapists. I felt disgusted because Coda clearly wanted to keep these games for himself. It is like Wreden was reading his diary on Youtube.I feel like I just had to sit trough 90mins of someone rationalizing an act (well two) he feels guilty about. I am not a therapist. I don't usually enjoy this. With friends I will listen and try get to the bottom of there arguments and feelings or I just tell them to stop. Or I tell them I disagree. But here you can not. You have to listen and thats it. Wreden can feel good about himself and his public apology...we can't even say no or not accept it or probe his arguments further. Well we can write reviews.Wether or not the story is true. I feel like I was convinced to do something wrong. If this story is true. My moral disgust outweighs any artistic merit. If the story is fantasy, why? Do I as a gamer really need to replay a morally wrong act. We all done bad things. No I think this is story is real or Wreden at least wants us to feel like it is real. Then I am back with moral disgust.Do not get me wrong. Some of the games and narrators interpretation are emotionally quite powerful but after the end, I feel like I should not have done it. Have you ever snooped on someone elses phone and felt kinda dirty afterwards? Thats how I feel and I am angry that Wreden made me do it. The narrator will mislead you."
,Recommended,303210,19296162,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,R۞o۞c۞k۞o۞D۞S۞S,"This is not a game, more of a short story.  If you liked the concept behind Stanley's parable, you'll probably love this one.  It's kinda hard to describe, or to recommend or not for that matter."
,Recommended,303210,28089471,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,الموت إلى الأغنام,Wow
76561198005681996,Not Recommended,303210,28103339,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ComeToPapa,"Non ! Cela n'est pas fairplay ! Après un excellent Stanley parable j'ai acheté ce jeu les yeux fermés, ne pouvant m'empêcher d'imaginer quels chemins loufoques j'allais cette fois encore emprunter. Je me retrouve avec une infâme ôde à un codeur/relation du créateur de jeu. Que tout ceci soit vrai ou pas m'importe peu, c'est mauvais. Ce n'est pas notre histoire et on a pas envie d'entrer dedans. C'est trés mauvais. Cela ne vaut pas les quelques euro versés (en promo, ouf) et cela m'apprendra à acheter en pensant qu'il ne pouvait pas faire une bouze aprés un tel premier opus. Et Bien si.  Je ne vous salue pas."
,Recommended,303210,28131753,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bulger.paul,Davey Wreden is the Charlie Kaufman of video games.
,Recommended,303210,34449325,Posted: 23 August,all,Cpt. Richard Chaser,This is the most depressing walking simulator ever.Expect walk a lot and feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥by the time it ends.
,Recommended,303210,31715189,Posted: 12 May,all,Lady Peckinpaw,"I LOVED this,  the story is fantastic and I loved going through all the little games as Davey was telling his story. The last twenty minutes or so of the game is what really really stole my heart. I agree that this is more of an experience than a game. It's been a couple days since I've finished it and I still think about it."
,Recommended,303210,31688838,Posted: 11 May,all,ShinChan,"Very moving ..I seriously wonder who get's the money for this and hope the maker of the works get their share ... if it's a true story. If not, I'm ... confused. The narration makes everything so real ...The level design is awesome to the point of wow (if you compare to hl2 lvls less detailed but maybe more impressive to look at. Grand lighting also. Very much love and time went into making these environments/games you can try.The fit use of music and ambience sounds add to the emotional and mental push, you're given.I probably play it againto find out ""something"" I can't tell you right now. I don't wanna spoiler"
76561198077736323,Recommended,303210,34465926,Posted: 24 August,all,The Grease Trap Wizard,"I know that I will need to play this game again in hopes that I can glean the full message not after one sitting, but many."
,Recommended,303210,28818955,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KyleJRumble,Very Emotional. Thank you.  Davey.
,Recommended,303210,28759805,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr. Narrator,#makeCodagreatagain
,Not Recommended,303210,19882148,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Eblo,"I'll just be brief and say that the story is a fun ride until the third act, where it throws away all the potential it had. And that sucks because The Stanley Parable is brilliant and showcases the creator's talent. Unfortunately, the creator did not use the full extent of that talent in The Beginner's Guide.downvote me and rate my review as funny, you sheep"
,Recommended,303210,18346141,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Blu_D3vil,"This game can be taken from so many different angles, and not wishing to spoil anything, i think this game provokes a lot of emotional responses. If the soul aim of this game, which is whole designed by Davey, then it truely makes me more considerate of how i impact, not only others, but also myself.If these chapters put together, are not created by Davey, then i the narrative truely captures a real sentiment of what he thought was right, and how he thought he might be helping"
,Recommended,303210,18347106,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,George,I can't say much about this game... it's good and powerful.
,Not Recommended,303210,19684838,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Guy_From_Hell,"This is a piece of crap, nothing like Stanley Parable. It's a very opposite of SP: dull, no decisions, nothing interesting. Just a pretty boring story of a one game developer."
,Recommended,303210,18296407,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GeorgeBroussard,"I really enjoyed this game. The writing and narratvie were fantastic and I was pretty easily pulled through the game without ever getting bored (well, once or twice for short periods).If you view this as a tv episode or short movie and you like stories, then it's for you.Not a lot of gameplay or things to ""do"" but I never cared. I enjoyed this game as much as Stanley Parable and Gone Home and vastly more than games like Dear Esther or Proteus.I'd recommed this for any developer or creator of anything, and most people who like good writing and don't require *pew* *pew* be in every single game."
,Recommended,303210,18287291,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[UCF] RualStorge,"I won't say much because this should not be spoiled. I will say it tugs at the emotional strings, resonates well we creative types, and is something you'll want to do all in one go (it'll take you a little over an hour)I don't review many games, but with how this game left my feeling at the end... I think it would be a disservice to not say something about it...This game has left me with a lot to think about. Tomorrow will be a good day."
,Not Recommended,303210,28394754,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,vilmibm,"far too self important, self indulgent, and self pitying to have any emotional impact. could not bring myself to finish it."
,Recommended,303210,18381444,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Battlefeathers,"This game is probably more relevant to artists and creators than to anyone else, but if you aren't the creative type, you might still find some wisdom in this."
76561198043055897,Recommended,303210,18325605,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Alex,"For anyone who is thinking of playing this game, it is worth your time in every way. It explores the psyche of two very emotional characters and quite often made me think of the question, ""Are the Curatains Blue Because They Are Sad? Or Are They Just Blue Because They Are F***ing Curtains?"" Asking the player to come up with their own interpritation of not only the creator, but of possibley even themselves. I can't go on much further without spoiling a game you would be a fool to not buy. So I'm just going to say that Davey Wreden truely made a masterpiece of a game and a message that will change your way of thinking."
,Recommended,303210,18399990,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cropfactor,Quite intensive. Raises a lot of issues to think about. Well done
76561198042325492,Recommended,303210,18400164,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Jams,"I shouldnt write this because in a lot of ways i guess im just as terribly incoplete and yearning as the author. I Im actually not sure what I want to say or if there is anythin worth saying but man i would love to talk to the Author on this one or to coda one day I know I never will I just wish I could help I guess. Like I said Im really not sure if any of this is worth saying at all but for anybody reading this The Beginner's Guide is something special that should not be shared but I cant resist the urge to reccomend you play it, im sorry, have a wonderfull life."
,Recommended,303210,18400486,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Frazzleup,Simply Brilliant
76561198010176919,Recommended,303210,18345964,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ido.yehieli,"It sure is...something! Give it a shot, it takes about 90 minutes and you can't stop in the middle. It's worth your while."
,Recommended,303210,18376797,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,de lizard kween,Feels.
,Recommended,303210,18400243,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lithium,Was worth it.Not too long but its good.Real good.You wont regret it . (10/10)
,Recommended,303210,18400571,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Candy,i played it and i enjoy'd it  and thats what matters right? i relly recomend it so plz go play it i personly relly recomend it just dont looooook it up it would ruin it totaly only spolier its reellly emotional and this game is just amazing and i relly think its wourth it only 9.90 holy crap you need to play it.
,Recommended,303210,18359709,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,GingerGod98,"I honestly don't know what to say about this game other than you need to just get it and experience it for yourself. By the end my thoughts were just ""wow"".The game is only about 90 mins but in that 90 mins it takes you on a very interesting, feels inducing, emotional journey. Don't jump into this game expecting it to be like The Stanley Parable because it's not. Not at all. This is a true and very personal story narrated by Davey Wreden himself and as I said you really need to just experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18402088,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Amber,This game by far the best game i have played in many many months. i have played very little but the amount i have played i have fully enjoyed. Amazing gameplay and soundtrack. i am in love with this game 11/10 would take over a klondike bar
,Recommended,303210,18300895,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,EricMick,"It's a beautiful game.  I wish it was a little longer and a little more complex.  If you want an introspective, poignant 90-minute experience, this is a good one."
,Recommended,303210,18305016,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Spacedad,"When the game's big twist happens, it felt like I had done something terribly wrong. When all I did was walk through a game.  That's remarkable."
,Recommended,303210,18395040,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Snoopeh,"So I started this game not knowing anything about it. Nothing at all. The 'creator' is familiar. Their work as well. Ultimately, that doesn't matter in this. Not one bit.It's not a conventional game in any sense of the term. This is truly heart felt. More of an emotional roller coaster than anything else. I will say that the ideas that this touches on are hard to talk about for some, others will find it awkward or even shameful to touch on these. However, some will find this welcoming and truthful to the very core. But this is a game to show that people care about something. This game is genuine.With that, just play. Feel."
76561198014333572,Recommended,303210,18299530,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jotvergod,"It is a beautful game that has kept me thinking about it hours after finishing it. Both me and my wife feel almost empty after playing it...Like we want more... It helped us get something that we were not sure we wanted, introspection. We wanted to feel happy, when we read the creater of the Stanley Parable was creating a new game. This game didn't leave me feeling happy yet...I feel happy that I've played it, almost honored that the creator would allow me to see some of the inner workings of the creative mind. I can't say much more about this work without spoiling it. Please keep creating more and more and more works for me to be able to experience and reflect on."
,Recommended,303210,18363467,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,i want to sudoku myself,"Normally, it takes a lot to make me cry. Hell, it takes a lot for one tear to come down my cheek. By the end of this game, I was full-on wiping tears off my whole face. This story, this game, is incredible. I recommend this to everyone. Even if this type of game isn't your thing. Hell it's totally not my thing. But I still loved it. Please, spare some money and play this. It will be well worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18393550,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Fletchy935,"""Anyone want to do some ecstacy after this?""/10. Great game, play it, then struggle to come to a conclusion about life."
,Recommended,303210,19889901,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Axonium,"Who says that video games can't be art?I don't want to give anything away, but all I can say is that I don't know what it was that I felt while playing this, but whatever it was, it was worthwhile."
76561197970435772,Not Recommended,303210,18332033,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Barbu,The trailer was more interresting than the game itself...
,Not Recommended,303210,18335586,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,James,"I definitely wouldn't recommen this for $10. That said, it's a pretty interesting ride. There's one extremely powerful and emotional twist near the ending, and I really liked that. But outside of that, I felt it kind of lacking and not living up to the hype I've been hearing.Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's bad. I also wouldn't call it ""pretentious"" either, as I think it achieves the artistic goals it was trying to achieve. But it just needed a lot more substance and meat within meeting that goal to make it worth full price.Now if it's on sale for $4 or less, hell yeah, pick it up, it's a pretty rad experience. Just not for 10 bones."
76561197985267228,Not Recommended,303210,18336875,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ScaryDoor,"It's well presented, but just not very interesting.Normally I'm happy to support the creative process, but not this time.  I'm asking for a refund."
76561198113506152,Not Recommended,303210,18337715,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SourYeti,"This game tries too hard to be deep and profond, which I dont have a problem with, but falls falt. For one, you are meant to think that the story in the game actually happened, which I have a hard time with. Everything fits together too nicely at some points, them makes no sense in others.The other major point of criticism is how to game acts like its the next stanley parable, which its not. Its a walking sim with a narritive that is interesting, but super flawed.Now, if this game HAD been more like stanley parable, and say, gave you all the levels at once and let you explore them in whatever order you wanted, with the same narrative, and allowed the player to connect the dots, the game would have been much better,"
,Not Recommended,303210,18338642,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sov,Virtual_Diary.exe
76561198066083953,Not Recommended,303210,18351243,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Buns,I paid $8.00 for that?...
76561198168594440,Not Recommended,303210,18352321,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,seand7755,games stupid has ♥♥♥♥ and should be free
,Not Recommended,303210,18358691,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ashley W.,"I don't know if I liked this game. I know that I wouldn't tell anyone else to play it, but I might encourage them to watch a playthrough or read about it. I found many points in the game relatable but I also felt like there wasn't a lot of room to think on any of it. It's certainly a thing that favors telling over showing. It is probably just personal preference, but I found being guided through every emotional turning point a bit annoying. I know things about the pieces of the story but I didn't come to many of those conclusions on my own. Even now, as I think about what opinions I have about it, I can't tell how much of that is tainted by the long diary that I just listened to. When there was a moment of silence, music came in and performed whatever emotional rigging it could manage. I can't stand any form of art doing that let alone a game. It feels disrespectful to its appreciator in that it almost doesn't trust that person to feel what they should feel as a result of what they've just learned or heard.I'm not the kind of person that needs to have a hand in every action to consider something enjoyable as a game, or whatever one might want to call The Beginner's Guide-- so, while I found myself tremendously bored at times, I was okay with the nature of the game. However, I think there is definitely something to be said about the fact that, even though the nuances of this relationship between creator and player was, at times, the central conceit of the story...I felt like that didn't matter as much as the creator's relationship with the creator as evidence by the near abusiveness of the exercise in general. Maybe that was the point. I don't know. I'm an appreciator of all forms of art and a game designer myself, but I really wasn't feeling this one. Again, could be personal preference. But I don't know if I liked it."
,Not Recommended,303210,18374233,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,strbldsnch,"I just cannot rate this highly and it has nothing to do with it being pretentious or a walking simulator or a non-game or whatever else people might bash it on.  I actually thought it was a fun premise, though very very lax on interactivity, and enjoyed playing it even if I found myself getting more and more uncomfortable as (the relatively short) time went by.My big problem, and I will try to say this without spoiling things, is that the game presents a clear message.  Clear signs and clear indicators of an important subject that is oft-times ignored by society as a whole.  Not even just ignored, but flat out villified and shunned and pushed under the rug.  I was all aboard with this.  I liked that it brought these issues to light even if it was painful.Then you get to the end of the game and, oh no!  It's a big joke on you!  That wasn't what was happening at all!  All those telltale signs of an actual problem weren't a problem at all.  In fact, the person with the problem was annoyed that someone tried to help.  We're talking cutting friendships annoyed.  Angry, in fact.The fact that the game takes these issues then just turns them into a gotchya is irresponsible.  It is telling people to ignore the same signs in people they know because you may end up annoying them.  Don't show you care, don't try to help, don't try to pull them from the abyss... because you might be seen as a meddler who has no right to judge.But most of these people displaying these signs do need help. They do need friends who are willing to intervene and save them. They need people willing to show an interest in pulling them out of a potentially life endangering spiral.  I was the one angry at the end of this.  How could anyone make a game that could cause even one person to question whether they should help a friend in need or not? All so there could be some clever twist.  No.  Just no.Yes, I realize the friend meddled way too much and had problems of his own and actually did much of the meddling for his own benefit if only subconsciously. This part of the story is fine.  Even someone who actually had the issues we are led to believe the person had could be upset at this level of interfering.  But no, the game specifically says ""I do not have that problem despite showing all the signs.""  And that's not right.  It insinuates that anyone else displaying such behavior may just like being like that so leave them alone.In terms of gameplay, well there isn't a lot. Exploration is not encouraged nor rewarded save for maybe a bit of dialogue saying, ""Nope, nothing here!"" and choices don't matter at all. It's done in under 90 minutes and starts off strong and compelling just from a narrative point of view. But the ending, discouraging helping people, invalidates anything positive on offer here.I tend to only review games I feel strongly positive about, but this one is the opposite and is my first negative recommendation. I wanted to like it and was excited when I heard about it. But I am just left wishing I hadn't played it and hoping others who might be influenced to stay out of someone else's affairs even when they sorely need the intervention also give it a miss."
,Not Recommended,303210,18377926,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Axy,"I was quite interested and excited about this game, however, from a developer point of view ""The Beginners Guide"" really feels like a collection of incomplete games rather than a complete game made for a pre-defined complete meaning or purpose. Some of you might say ""this is already what the game says"" - in this case, there is no point to it.I was looking forward to see tis game because I had a belief that this game would portray a good example of an experimental nonlinear narrative made for a specific purpose. After going through the whole game trying to impress myself with rather dull visuals and non-interactive content I feel a little betrayed. I do not see real effort in creation of this game, however I see its developer thinking ""I can sell this"" with a grin on his face.Maybe not the best comparison -- but ""Dear Esther"" for instance, is on a similar page with this game in my head. And once again from an effort point of view, even the visuals of Dear Esther pretty much satisfy you for what you pay for it. It's not the case here.Overall, I find The Beginners Guide as a shallow title. Watch the trailer and pass. It has everything the game has, and more. You won't find more inside."
,Not Recommended,303210,18378716,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SmileyBMM,"This game, as many others have already said is not like The Stanley Parable. This game will only appeal to a few, if the game does not grab you from the get go, it never will. I personally do not see the point in it, it made me sad but thats about it. I felt no wonder, no joy, no laughs, and most of all, anything to make it worth my money. If you want to see for yourself, play it, and if you do not enjoy the game, the refund option is helpful for times like these. Also, where i loved the first part of it, the joy quickly dimished as it gained a darker tone that remained till the end. The reason the parable was enjoyable is due to the fact that the game had laughs and emotionally relief while still sprinkling in darker tones. This game goes straight to the dark, and makes it unbearble to play due to its one tone and its emotionally oppressiveness ways. Final verdict: if you are looking for a fun game, this isnt it, go home. However if you are looking for an experience that makes you feel, then this may be for you."
76561198049842008,Not Recommended,303210,18387654,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Icipher,"For people like me this game is probably not worth playing. I didn't know anyhing about this game prior to playing it besides knowing it was made by the same createor of the Stanley Parable.This is not a game in that sense that you actually try to achive something, or beat a level.It is a very artisticlly written and played story  where you experience a journey of a game creators life.If you are not interested in the people behind games and the perception of games as a piece of art I would not recommend buying this game."
76561198076447896,Not Recommended,303210,18390781,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Insaetia,"This ""game"" didn't feel like a game at all. Unlink The Stanley Parable, where you actually had some form of choice, you have none here. You're literally walking through a person's story with 0 real interaction. But that's not what really ruined it for me. What REALLY ruined it, is that it felt like I just paid Davey for the privilege of being his therapist. Because that's what this really is. Therapists get paid, not pay you to listen to your self-centered babbling.The only way I could see someone being caught-up in this ""game"" is if they can relate to being caught up in the external-validation/social-media-style frenzy. If that's the case, take your money and buy some therapy.If not, use your money to buy a real game. I returned this one for a full refund."
,Not Recommended,303210,18405887,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,HTWingNut,"I loved the Stanley Parable. This ""game"" well narrative really, must fit with only a select group of people because it made  no sense and was really dumb. I need 90 minutes of my life back and the few bucks I paid for this drivel."
76561198031965026,Not Recommended,303210,18415764,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Chris Carroll,"This is the most boring game EVER! I kept playing it, hoping that something would get my interest. But, the narrator keeps going on and on about this person who made these boring games that I was playing and what inspired him to make them. I had to pull myself through many games without falling asleep until my wife saved me from this drudgery and asked me to help out with the gardening outside. I wish I could get my $10 back."
76561197983553019,Not Recommended,303210,18294032,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Imp0815,"This is a hard letdown.Don't buy this if you think you get a meaningful and entertaining experience like Stanley Parable.The whole game is about a relationship of the Developer of STP and a guy who makes stupid Source games with the premise Games=Art=Boring Walking simulator with no interaction. It's all an eccentric circle jerk that ends in the conclusion that some people are just nutjobs who need to be let alone.You know the Term ""this should be released for free?"" well this game is the digital reincarnation of that term.I wasted 1:30 hours of my life with pressing W and hearing a guy whine and play hobby psychologist."
,Not Recommended,303210,18376799,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NightLotus,"This game feels somewhat masturbatory and is the kind of thing people talk about how much they love to show off how thoughtful they are. I'm sure it's interesting for game devs but it's not a game at all, it's a documentary having an identity crisis."
76561198072436273,Not Recommended,303210,18421275,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Hotel Mario,"I find this interesting, but not as a game. This game is like a TellTale Game, except you do 1% of one of their games as a whole when you play The Beginner's Guide. It felt boring and slow, and the game only goes on for about 72 minutes. This game isn't worth the 10$. I was expecting a little more, but it looks to me this game is just wanted by people since it's the same creator of The Stanley Parable. This game has cute moments, and even some good screenshot places, but the game in a whole isn't worth it. If you REALLY want this, get it when it's on sale, the story gets interesting by the end, but still is a disapointment. Watch someone play it, it isn't worth the time. I would also like to complain that the second-last chapter has flashing lights and almost made get me a siezure, in which I had to look away from my computer and hold W so I could progress."
76561198064523537,Not Recommended,303210,18334906,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ashencandy,"There is a conversation about games as art to be had here, but not with this game.It's a self centered narrative that simultaneously asks for forgiveness for past transgressions against someone while committing them again in a huge showstopping experience. Horrifyingly voyeuristic towards the original creator of the games contained within, I'm insulted I participated in this in any way, espcially for money."
76561198091282698,Not Recommended,303210,18389198,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,snipers_cornea,Do not buy this game. It has nothing to do with the Stanley Parable. It is a hoax of a game with 30 minutes of gameplay. It's a literal troll.
,Recommended,303210,25485689,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GigaStoat,"An intriguing concept for a game that doesn't lean on other types of media for its storytelling devices, and deserves a lot of credit for it. The angst occasionally comes across as a little teenage, but there's undeniably some potent emotional sucker-punches here."
76561198025844283,Recommended,303210,31557427,Posted: 5 May,all,ALLLLLvin,What a stunning game!!
,Recommended,303210,31956690,Posted: 25 May,all,Beelijah,"This game made me cry and rethink how I view media, so that has to count for something, right."
,Recommended,303210,34026004,Posted: 4 August,all,Crux Riajuu,I don't usually write reviews about games here. That being said - I feel empathy and have been humbled into understanding who I am as a person - as an artist - as anything. The prospect of self will be weighed and if you relate (are an artist or create anything in general) it'll be weighed heavily. The majority of the game made me feel like an angry critic. I managed to muster the strength to see it through to the end however and it wasn't til the last stage that I started to really feel and understand - WHY.
,Not Recommended,303210,22405263,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Zimmer,If I wanted to see a guy jerking himself off I could have just gotten on omegle and watched for free.
,Recommended,303210,25000487,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Twerty,"This is one of the only games I've played that have properly made me feel something other than just being ""engaged"" or ""entertained"". It's one of the last stories I've come across that has emotionally impacted me in a way that was jarring and uncomfortable -- and I appreciate it for that.It has an aura about it that ultimately ends up making it feel unique and personal, like climbing inside someone's head -- though whose is a matter of debate.I don't want to talk too much about the game and spoil it, so I won't. It's worth a play, and it's worth figuring out your own moral and interpretation to this story.That being said, I will also state that I believe this game issemi-autobiographicaland is a fascinating perspective from a game developer that I wish we could see more of in the gaming community. It really feels like he emotionally invested himself in this.In my opinion, the moral of this game's story:Don't read an author from his book. You'll end up looking at a mirror.(Despite the fact that I just did that in the last paragraph. This game is fukken meta, man.)"
,Recommended,303210,25343480,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hound | EU^Tom,"Less of a game as an experience and one hell of an experience at that. Very short even fully exploring all the corners of the maps it only took me 2 hours to compleat. This might diswade a lot of people from buying it due to its length however I would advise you do. Thought short it packs a lot of narrative into this time. The story explores some of the issues with artistic integrity and freedom as well as the prosses of designing. It's something you can complete in one sitting (I'd recomend doing so) and will give you something to think about for time to come. If you like naritives its a must have, hope you enjoy."
,Recommended,303210,25433288,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,melo;,"This game drops a strong message and even open the eyes of people for some life/social situations. Unfortunately, is quite boring sometimes, but I still recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,25733950,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Various Burglarious,"Better than any movie experience, Davey Wreden pushes the bounds once again with The Beginner's Guide.Don't read into the story of this game, what it's about or spoil anything for yourself.Just experience it as it was meant to be - try and play it through in one playthrough if possible - the whole experience lasts roughly 1hr30mins.I own 450+ games on Steam and while it lacks replayability, it is the best game I own on Steam. THE BEST.(I say it lacks replayability but I get all my friends to play it and see their reactions).10/10*If you're currently/easily depressed, play this game on a good day.*"
,Recommended,303210,26592390,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,charmingchalo,"It's hard to say anything without spoiling it. Not for some, but a great way to spend 1-2 hours. Will definitely play it again."
76561198245270016,Not Recommended,303210,26610740,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,virtualbill,"This is not a game.  It is nothing but boring, pretentious nonsense with narration by a neurotic pothead."
76561197986998279,Recommended,303210,31550870,Posted: 4 May,all,Luck Mostly,"Short narritive experience, I liked it."
,Recommended,303210,31983142,Posted: 26 May,all,Alejandro Haibi (Unknown),No spoilers. Just play
76561197990588274,Recommended,303210,25831465,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ashcan,"Truely beautiful experience!I love how games are pushing the boundries of what can be expressed and felt through this medium!This game seemed to me as some kind of psycology explained through art and external(being the game) and internal(being yourself, the player) dialectic!Anyways incredible experience and fascinating in my opinon!THANKS TO ALL THE DEVELOPERS...especially you coda...hehe ;)"
,Recommended,303210,31016371,Posted: 8 April,all,Xonatron,Here's an actual conversation I had with a friend after playing:Xonatron: I am now in a different ZONE after playing The Beginner's Guide.Xonatron: My mind is just a whirlwind of thought and excitement and it's not coming to any conclusions. It's like it needs to rest to think more or something. It's hard to explain.Xonatron: What a powerful feeling.
76561198074885341,Recommended,303210,31362589,Posted: 25 April,all,ayoitselaine,"this is not stanley parable.i don't know if this game was made solely for the developer and just so happened to release it, or if it was made for a certain audience.but what I do know is: if you are an artist or someone who does creative work (painting, writing, gamedev, music etc), you need to buy this game.when you look back on something you've made, especially during frustrating times when you just can't seem to make anything work at all, doesn't it sometimes almost feel like someone else somehow did your previous work?"
,Recommended,303210,32031885,Posted: 28 May,all,ThermBot,Very interesting and emotional game.
,Recommended,303210,25132473,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Protocol Cringe.Exe 🔊,"Very good game, touches on a lot of very deep topics and does it very well, I thoroughly enjoyed playing this and I'll warn you that it can get very emotional, especially near the end, god damn that end is heavy and hits hard, seriously though it's a very enjoyable game that pulls at the heart strings, it's very short for what it is so that also makes it a very easy game to play all at once if you would like too, the storytelling is amazing and it's an incredibly well thought out game and story, in my personal opinion this game is just purely amazing and I can't recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,303210,25712296,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,King Leonard XIV,"It's about 1-2 hours long and is actually worth the 10 dollars. I cant possibly describe the game besides: ""It's similar to stanley parable, but it's not."" Sure, it's a game where you walk around in first person with narration, but it isnt like it. All I can say is play it."
,Recommended,303210,24792312,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Redinorun,"This, game.. it's not really a game.  It's different. It's a story, that makes you think how you view yourself and others. Games. It's an insight in someone's head, but not the one it claims to be. It makes you question. And above all, it makes you feel guilty for playing it. But I won't spoil it too much, you have to experience this one yourself."
,Not Recommended,303210,18338624,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Joller           rr,You are better off watching it on youtube.
76561198122391377,Not Recommended,303210,28791089,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,phrenzik_kid,"Having played the Stanley Parable I was looking forward playing this one.But when enabling AA, the game refuses to launch + my xbox 360 wireless controller is not recognized.Asked for refund."
76561198093129034,Recommended,303210,23572788,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr.PotatoPatatoVonSpudsworth III,"This game is, without a doubt, the most emotionally impactful game that I have experienced in my life. This is something you must see for yourself, so don't go looking for lets-plays or anything, that will only spoil one the true beauty that waits inside The Beginner's Guide."
,Recommended,303210,18332290,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lt. Rice,"Excellent game. Really sinks into your head and makes you sit down and think. Wonderful OST as well. There are a few random crashes you might experience, but the game is still new and will probably be fixed asap."
,Recommended,303210,32855960,Posted: 27 June,all,Helping Hoof,Yes.
,Not Recommended,303210,22091043,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DDRJake,This is not what I play games for.
76561198042912608,Recommended,303210,20445942,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Laura,A game describing games that aren't games
,Recommended,303210,22866501,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Gordon Half-Life,"If Coda loves making prisons, Davey should've just got him Prison Tycoon."
,Not Recommended,303210,18386334,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,OnlyNothing,"I work games out as £1 = 1 hour. For example, CS:GO - £5 = 5 hours, but i have 1300. Thats worth it ^^. This game is; £6 = 1.5 hours.... I don't think the game is worth what people are paying for it."
76561198067586258,Recommended,303210,24788258,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Austinsnake,"A very interesting game, easily one of the best I've ever played.'"
76561197995083972,Recommended,303210,24828272,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,rektem,"This is one of my favorite games of all time.I may tend to use hyperbole but still, I stand by it.  This game is short, has an incredible story, great voice acting (imho), makes a statement about the indie game development industry at the time of release, AND has an incredible plot twist you DEF won't see coming.  I'm here 5 it.Cons?-graphics (if you really can't keep yourself entertained by the walking simulation and storytelling alone)-??????? short??????  I guess-No pRoblems... you get."
,Not Recommended,303210,21770410,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Protomug,"Do you like games with narrative? Do you like games with good-ish graphics? Do you like games that are completely comprised of levels that the creator told the creator of the game explicitly NOT TO USE, as stated IN SAID GAME? Do you, perhaps, like extremely depressing experiences! Why, my friend, this game has all of that! You will be playing through a game, thinking you're playing an actually good game, and then realise the creator is telling his own, rather depressing story! Yes, you heard me right, this game, as not promised, WILL leave you %100 dissatisfied with the game, and possibly life! If any of these appeal to you, buy it today! The Beginner's Guide!"
,Recommended,303210,24431135,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[Milton] makes me proud,"This is a difficult game to review because, without giving too much away, at its core it is about critiques and meta and the story behind games.I will say, without a doubt, people who say it's not a game are wrong. It's a different kind of game. You have little influence and choice, it's more a story you're along for the ride for. The idea is probably a little ironic if you've played The Stanley Parable. In the truest sense, it is the narrator saying ""this is my story and this is how it goes and we've got to get to the end I prepared and it will be so good"". I don't mean that as a critique! It's just that, in a way, the games are an antithesis to each other, and if you think about the end a bit, maybe they're meant to be.The game does share a meta look at gaming, so if that's your thing you'll find it in bunches and I wholly recommend you try it.It's going to be a hit or miss with people depending on how they feel about the end. If people feel the journey was worth it, or if they didn't. That's vague to say, but really, what determines if the game was worth the money to you is the emotional resonance you feel with the end.I personally found the journey fulfilling. As a final note, I'll say I think it's probably not the best game to play when you're down in a depressive spiral. If the emotional resonance of the game hits you, it packs a punch, so be prepared."
,Recommended,303210,25036380,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Хемуль,"TL;DRThe Beginner's Guide is interesting and fascinating in lots of ways and, frankly, it is more than just game.So, here is the list of advantages:There is no ""fourth wall"". In some cases it's way more striking and unusual thank breaking the ""fourth wall"". But this is only the beginning.Plot twists. However, there is no actual plot. Or, to say it more precisely, plot is really well-hidden. Probably, it is because of my small mind, but during approximately the first half of the game i really thought, thatthere is an actual person named Coda and the problem is actually in relationship between two people (a bit sooner, it appeared, that things were way more deep)Truly fresh presentation of ""plot"". Developer really thinks in a new way, outside the box.Design. Almost every location even the simpliest ones are made with style, in a good taste.Feeling of lonliness during the whole game. I think it is really rare in modern games. Don't know how to say it more clearly, sorry, I hope you got this:)The last and, in my opinion, the most impotant: it makes you wonder.I wouldn't say, that everyone must try it, because some like action games, some like FPS and this is totally fine. But if you enjoyed Stanley Parable or, for instance, Portal (i know these games are way different, but, trust me, they definetely have something in common), you should try it."
,Recommended,303210,25454301,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,kawa,"Made me notice something about myself that I didn't know, not many games can do that. Definately worth a try."
,Recommended,303210,25445684,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Raingram,"A lesson to all creators. Possibly everyone. If you're interested in the story behind the story, the creator of this game gave a talk here:http://livestream.com/accounts/6845410/gamesnow/videos/83818176"
,Not Recommended,303210,20017434,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Aszarot,"I won't say that you shouldn't buy this game, but if you expect something remotely similar to the stanley parable, you are not going to get that. I see the message from this game, and to be honest I think I understand what this is about, but unfortunately, you could get the same experience watching someone else playing it on youtube and that's not enough to justify the price at all.This is no a game, or even a ""choose your own adventure"". This is more a story narrated by someone else, in a world where you have few to no choices (and this few choices are meaningless). You won't find any kind of gameplay at all, besides just being walking around and clicking a few stuff.I know this a ""game"" that took time and effort to be made, by someone who wanted to express something, to deliver a message, but in my opinion it's not worth buying it. If you are really interested in walking simulators with a meaningful story, you probably going to like it, but if you expect to find some humor and somewhat meaningful decision like on ""stanley parable"" I suggest you look somewhere else."
,Recommended,303210,26747039,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DeathSpank,"It`s something unique, not your usual game experience. It makes you think and feel - what every game should actually do.Give it a try and take it on sale or just right now. Games are rarely worth the money spent on them, but this is one of those good examples when it does.(I played this game in offline mod, so thats why steam says 0.3 hours on record. Was sitting in the menu after finishing the game, just to be able to write review.)"
76561198225180368,Not Recommended,303210,33127987,Posted: 2 July,all,yangnw,"Nice try. But the ideas behind the pieces are far from as amazing as the story wants us to believe. No depth, only surprises.They fail to make the player sympathize with what the voice-over feels about Coda at all. Otherwise this would have been a great game.2/5"
,Recommended,303210,18313351,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The_Sea_Four,"What does it mean to create, for something new to exist because of you. Are there different types of people in the world? What does a prison look like? Is everything going to be okay? Does there have to be a reason, a shining light to symbolize the end? Can you do it? Can you save us all?"
76561198027688301,Recommended,303210,18302089,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Rodentia,There is something special about the delivery of the message behind the game. You don't have to be a game dev to painfully relate to what the game is trying to explain...Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,303210,18310850,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Uddebo,"I don't know what I just played. But I sat just staring onto the screen, a bit teary-eyed, at the end. You can't really explain this to anyone, which I guess makes this ""review"" rather pointless... All I can say is that this was beautiful and unlike anything I have ever experienced."
76561198059357617,Recommended,303210,18311591,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rapidraccoon808,"The Beginner's Guide was more than just a game, it was an experience that provided questions without answers. And yet that's what makes it special. Here ultimately is the goal in which the game set's to create, how we try to understand something so much rather than just sit and enjoy the experience from the visuals we see to the experience it took to create them. Just like the Stanley Parable set out to create something never done before this game does so as well. From it's amazing concepts, visuals, atmosphere, and soundtrack it creates something that breaks the fourth wall and hit's home. A question that leaves you sitting there after the game ends after it's 2 hour long playthrough. You are left with a hollow feeling inside like you discovered something you shouldn't have yet inside you want more whether or not it feels right. Though you might only play this game once after you purchase it, it is aworthwhile experience just for the questions it presents itself. I will not go into any gameplay aspects or my personal belief on what the game attempts to accomplish for I feel that is different for everyone and maybe that's why I like it so much. I deffinately reccomend this experience and I think it's one that will leave you wanting more than you recieve but maybe that's just the prison it develops. One I don't really want to escape from."
,Recommended,303210,18314384,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SpikedRocker | Extra Life 2017,Deep thought provoking story that made me reflect on my own life.
,Recommended,303210,18315048,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Nano Atomic,"I cannot put The Beginner's Guide into words.It is one of those experiances where you have to experiance it for yourself.But I can say that this game is absolutly incredible.Even if you don't care about plot like call of duty's (like me) then this game still touches your heart, I cannot explain this masterpiece of a game but I sincerely recommend this!9/10-""STOP READING WHAT ARE YOU DOING! BUY IT, BUY IT NOW."""
76561198077089299,Recommended,303210,18307036,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,deltanl00,"I believe it was very important Davey released The Stanley Parable before this game. The entire player interaction for TSP was based on doing what the narrator wants you to do or not. If you follow the narrator, he takes you towards an ending. It doesn't take long, and if you end the game there, it wouldn't be worth your time. The Beginner's Guide shouldn't be compared to other games, but more like a movie. It was even stated the length was about 1hr 30 min. Going on the description, you weren't meant to feel fulfilled or happy or anything like that. No goals or objectives mean there isn't anything to look forward to at the end. The video for the game gives the player a purpose: To find out who is the person that made these games. You learn this as well as learn about the narrator. So a movie that tells a very good story with no goals or objectives. That's what you can expect, and I enjoyed it. ---------SPOILERS BELOWI find many things hidden within the game. In the Stairs level, one message was something like: The key to one game is in another game. In TSP, you learn a concept that Davey wants you to learn, games  can go against narration. Apply this to TBG, and maybe you can make some links there. At first he seemed very knowledgeable and the player trust him. At the end, he seems broken and you see Davey in a new light. You learn what Coda wants out of life, and how different people react in different ways. At first Davey seems to want to help Coda move on with his life, but it's the other way around. I feel that the game is suppose to make you think- to learn from thses two rather than get an ending and be done with a game.  There are so many things that this game tells me, and I'm still trying to deceipher all of it."
,Recommended,303210,18314183,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,macro,"Oh god, play this game. I can't tell you exactly why, but if you have any interest at all in what games can do, play this one."
,Recommended,303210,18315304,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Garog,"Well thought and amazingly put together, this will take you on a trip like never before."
76561197998305943,Not Recommended,303210,29287912,Posted: 15 January,all,kikea,"The dude knows how to tell a story but ♥♥♥♥ man it was nauseatingly sentimental and egoistic. I legitimately feel violated after having some dude whine in my ear for an hour. Actually began well too and I still like the simple premises of the games then the guy gets super manic & ""artist with a tortured soul"" it's just like calm down bro u make video games.i really liked where it was going in the intial counter-strike level and i thought i was just going to be taken through someone's creative journey, but with a coy first person posing as third-person protagonist then maybe the next 30 minutes but when it got all tangled up in his social complexes and emotional issues it became mostly intolerable.to be fair there are some ok life lessons here (don't work in social isolation) but just pick up an introduction stoicism take some testerone or maybe just relax. also it was still well told and there was some cool gameplay concepts but ♥♥♥♥.idk i felt like this maybe could have just been written as an extended diary entry but if other reviewers liked it i guess whatever"
76561198135380543,Not Recommended,303210,28869797,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lyonsja,"I thought The Beginner's Guide had all the quirkyness of the Stanly Parable with none of the charm. Make no mistake this is not the Stanly Parable 2, it's not fun and feels quite pretentious, it's also a bit depressing.I know it's a relatively inexpensive game but it still feels very cheaply put together.I've read some of the other reviews, honestly I'm not getting why some people love this thing."
,Not Recommended,303210,28683659,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,superandoni,"This ""game"" is more of a journey through the deppression episodes the author suffered shortly after releasing Stanley's Parable. It should be approached not as a proper game but as a interactive bizarre emotional story, an artistic expression or a vague attempt at it. There could be some philosophical meaning into the story, but no, it was all pseudo-philosophicalish of sorts, even approaching it open minded, I just did not get drawn into the ""experience"".Some reviewers state they loved, cried and/or were otherwise profoundly affected by the experience, but I was not in any way. Some players may get captivated by the (almost nonsensical for me) deliberations of the narrator, maybe you have to be a very emotional person to experience it fully. Myself, not being such a creature, can only energically express my huge disappointment for the purchase.Bottom line: TBG feels like a blatant rip-off. If you want some hard stuff go try The Talos Principle."
,Recommended,303210,31775999,Posted: 15 May,all,gay bitch,; ______;
76561198055729219,Recommended,303210,31800280,Posted: 17 May,all,Coolerific,The ending hit me hard. The accusations of the game creator on the narrator hit too close to home but in a way games had never done to me before and i loved it. Thank you.
,Not Recommended,303210,18362047,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ystah,Bunnyhop Simulator 2015.I had a bad day so I cried.I cannot recommend this game if you don't wan't to think about life.
76561198060566692,Not Recommended,303210,18293341,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dportain,"I bought this title because I loved the fresh concept behind Stanley Parable, and thought its quirky execution was charming.This title is NOT like Stanley Parable. It's not polished, it barely has any game mechanic. Although it does have a story, it's definitely not fun, and mostly it's not even aesthetically pleasing or well-made.I would argue that this isn't even a game. It's a short biography of a game designer named Coda, illustrated with examples of his work, and bound together with a voice-over by his friend, the ""game""'s director.It's a deeply personal project, and unless you have any topical or stylistic connection with the works of Devey or Coda, I don't recommend buying it. If Coda was a famous and accomplished game designer, this would be a neat biography about his early works. But as such, it's not only unfit for public consumption, it may actually be illegal. If the narrated story is true, Coda explicitly prohibits his friend from publishing his works, and yet this collection is offered commercially on Steam.This is far the most intimate, but simultaneously boring, and disappointing game I ever played. In fact, I applied for a refund."
,Recommended,303210,18284395,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Infindox,"This is a really thought-provoking game. I honestly could relater to both the guy making the games (how he feels like not sharing them, having low points in creating) and the narriator (trying to help someone who seems depressed). Both ending in, maybe not the same way, but simular."
,Not Recommended,303210,28544999,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kinjo,"Having played and greatly enjoyed The Stanley Parable I was expecting something along the same lines -- something that would be deep and full of meaning. The premise of The Beginner's Guide interested me, but unfortunately once it started, it never quite hooked me into it.The collection of ""games"" the narrator forces you to play are not at all interesting, so you're left with a hit-or-miss story. The story itself hinges too much on suspension of disbelief, as well as some key plot points that I was unfortunately able to predict far before they were revealed. Although the game tries to pass the story off as ""real events that happened to real people,"" there are a lot of reasons to doubt this, and you're not really rewarded for thinking outside the box on this at all. The message the author is trying to convey is too obvious, and toward the end the story became so unbelievable I could not take it seriously.In other words, if these aren't real events, they're some kind of allegory trying to hammer a point home. But it's done so in-your-face, so self-indulgently that it ends up being the exact thing it tries to tell you not to be: making a big deal out of nothing. By contrast, The Stanley Parable was subtle, and in fact rewarded you for trying to one-up it. It was also non-linear, while this game forces you down the same road every time.So in short, the plot was too predictable, the characters fell flat, the gameplay was nonexistant and the story was pointless. Kind of a waste of time, but maybe that was the intention."
,Recommended,303210,18377583,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Shitty Anime Lover,"This, is why games are art.This shows what passion, can go into games,this shows that they are more than just toysThis shows that they are more than this passtimes.While not the most exciting game, this has proved to me that games can be art, a thousand times more than journey, stanley parable, the last of us, and any other game i have played.This proves that games matter, to their creators, and their players.as such i strongly recomend this to anyone who wants to see how powerful games are, in a VERY different manner than any other game has ever done in the history of gaming, and likely, will ever be done."
,Recommended,303210,18295085,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,kesadisan,"First note: I've been a fan of stanley parable, but not narrative walking simulator. Interestingly I bought this literally because how people reacted with it.I cannot say for sure it's a game, definitely not a movie, but certainly not much choice you can do here. It's a fullblown narrative of Davey Wreden, about his friend and his collection of video games.I'm confused as what this game about. It's a surreal experience that I won't spoil but I suggest you to just try it out and  judge the whole story by yourself.As for everything else here's the rating:Graphic: 3/5. Definitely a source engine game, graphic is not amazing. But I really love the structural manipulation it made which led me toLevel Design: 5/5. The whole game has a design of well made level design, it's not clever as much as the narration told you much and cheat you most of the time, but when you think of understanding it. It's just gloriously good.Sound: 4/5. Atmospheric, really bringing the mood. The variations is pretty well made and some of the sound effects show how the developer tried to immerse the people into the level.Story: /5 I cannot express my score here, it's like a letter, but it might not. The whole game is a message btw.Buy or not, well I say you must try it. That's up to you how would you procure the game."
,Recommended,303210,30695782,Posted: 23 March,all,Siko ★,Absolute art. love it.
,Recommended,303210,31189624,Posted: 16 April,all,Jack,"Overall pretty dumb game. A bunch of boring a-word levels. The narritive is kinda interesting, but overall I'd just say the game is full of itself. In the end it's just sorta a WTF who cares type of game. I think most positive reviews of this game will claim it's some kind of intellectual art, and maybe it is, but I'm not an intellectual so I don't care. Some of the positive reviews are probably just kissing the creator's butt because doing so somehow validates them as intellectuals since they recognize ""high art"". Not me though. I don't worship any game developer, or any human being for that matter. I still give this game a thumbs up because it's not very expensive or long and it's at least a little interesting."
,Recommended,303210,18514844,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,[end]derdimi,The Beginner's Guide is probably the best proof of this media has finally come of age.
76561198048690148,Not Recommended,303210,18479063,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,alittletallforastormtrooper,"I appreciate what it tried to do, but I did not get the same emotional response out of the story. Since the story was the entire game, I didn't enjoy the experience. I felt like I paid more than the game was worth."
,Not Recommended,303210,18475017,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,main_gi,"I can't recommend this.You probably know the premise of the game. The trailer is misleading - it's a completely linear game, not even with the amount of games that are 'shown' in the trailer itself. If there were any secrets I'm not going searching for them - The Stanley Parable is so much better with its hidden things, which actually improved replay value. I'm sure you already know that this game is a collection of games. One thing I can say are that the games are interesting - they would be fine free standalone titles.But that's just it.The price is a very high premium for sure. You have people jumping through hoops to defend the time, but that's not what gets me. They should've been finding reasons to talk about the quality of the game. Otherwise you can get a game at lower or equal price that'll give you days worth of content like Great Permutator, or even a free game that will have given you the same length and quality. See Perspective for that example.And then it ends up being, as I said, an unreplayable linear game, one which your middle finger will need some rest from holding down W. It's actually a game where you'd enjoy it more by watching a video instead of actually playing it and that's a first for me.The narrative, of course, is the main part of the game that's meant to stop it from being just a collection of games. But the story stringed together just isn't sensible on a first playthrough due to some blatant breadcrumbs that show thatthe game's a work of fictionthat destroyed any emotional connection I could have had with any of the characters. Surely that couldn't have been intentional."
76561197972436174,Recommended,303210,28771582,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Heather Kettle games,"Play this game, when you feel lonely."
76561198009028407,Not Recommended,303210,26329120,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,alexandra.hoffer,"I love games that challenge our assumptions in creative ways.  Pale Fire, which has a meta-narrative very similar to The Beginner's Guide, is one of my favorite books.  But The Beginner's Guide is terrible in execution and was an incredibly boring slog through a monologue.  There are no real game elements, and even the meta-narrative is boring.  As the dates in the game moved closer and closer to the end of 2011 I got more and more excited that this game would soon be over and I could stop playing it.  I kept playing to see the relevation of the twist -- and I will tell you now that the twist is not worth it.  The Ars Technica review pointed out that this game is 100% ""tell, not show"" and I think that's a pretty accurate assessment of it.  There's no reason to spend your time on this game.  (Also, for some reason the horrible quality rendering of the environment, combined with the FPS perspective, gave me extreme nausea during my entire playthrough.  This is the first time a game has ever made me physically ill.)"
,Recommended,303210,18372020,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ENAK,"This game left me sitting around my computer for a while... in silence... then, it made me write this review. I think I need to watch a funny youtube video, or something, now..."
,Recommended,303210,26843694,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,Mind-blowing and dramatic.The price might be a little too much  for 1 hour playtime but still a very good game.
76561198012819852,Not Recommended,303210,33939505,Posted: 31 July,all,maddogpc,depressing. Like a documentary of what was wrong with the guy who made the games.
,Recommended,303210,30138627,Posted: 24 February,all,cosmogony,"this game offers you to face with your inner ""Coda"". but i guess you don't know what or who Coda is. it's okay, you should definitely play this game and meet him."
,Recommended,303210,35495672,Posted: 5 October,all,Rye,Quite possibly the greatest game about an engine itself.
,Not Recommended,303210,18283788,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,claiminglight,"I never expected that I'd have to pay to be somoene else's therapist.There are some deep messages here. But largely, I'm not allowed to be a part of their telling."
,Not Recommended,303210,18304528,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Daggsy,"Disappointing.Went in blind as is recommended and took nothing away from the experience other than sadness.Length, price and whether it is or isn't 'even a game' aren't very important when judging an art piece, but interpretation and personal reaction is, so here's mine.The points the game is making about the creative process, isolation and the perception of works by the wider community are pretty much all made by The Stanley Parable (and in my opinion, in a far more effective way).I suspect the runtime being under 2 hours will lead to a lot of the disgruntled processing refunds, but that isn't fair. I heard what it had to say, whether I appreciated it or not is irrelevant."
76561197994679910,Not Recommended,303210,18337099,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zholobov,"I expected a sequel to The Stanley Parable. Or at least something as rich and nuanced. But this one turns out to be a linear narrated experience similar to all the other recent walk simulators, but with low production values and gamemaking theme. I did not see any branching and possibilities to stray off the path. And the game being a list of numbered chapters suggests there are no branches. It does have a twist at the end, but I did not find it interesting, or maybe I just did not fully understand it.This would be an okay free game. But even then I'm not sure it would worth my time. I would not recommend it even it was free. If you expect something similar to The Stanley Parable - skip it. If you'll get it for free and you have couple of hours to kill - maybe try it."
76561198034127037,Not Recommended,303210,18285221,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,CorkyHalapino,"Ive had plently of time to digest this game and have arrived to this conclusion. For the price that you pay i can find no justification no matter how hard i try as to what stands out about this project and if it offers anything worth experiencing. This title is simply a cash grab that relys completely on its predecessor the Stanley Parable. I myself have created short projects using software such as UDK, Source and Java, so you would think i would relate to this deeply. Sadly not, this entire game could be created with basic knowledge with the Source Hammer editor by simply placing sound triggers and timed events triggered by arriving at a certain point. This is not my problem however, The Stanley Parable did the same but that project had purpose for its controls. The point of the game is to oppose the narrator or follow the instructions to arrive at a certain conclusion and it was a clever idea. However I didn't find The Beginners Guide to be clever at all despite the launch hype. Everything seems to be vague and poorly put together. If there is some sort of meaning i completly missed it, to say it has a meaning is like shooting in the dark. Sure if you think hard enough you'll scratch the bottom of the bucket and find some sort of meaning that you can apply to almost anything. If you thought hard enough you could say Assassin's Creed has a deep meaning but there is no obvious reason to think so. The problem is the story tries to be something its not, a deep psychological experience. Its so far up its own♥♥♥♥♥that it costs the price it gives you. Basically the story can be sumed up as this. Imagine someone in your community lives in a house made up of red bricks. Now i assume that this person is a angry individual and does not socially connect with people and he shows this through his choice of house. I create this entire story with no solid reason and jump to conclusions and the community beleives this is deep. In my opinion this is not a good game at all, it should be free or around $3.50. I've seen free Source mods with better content than this. This may however be different for you and you may end up liking this artsy tale. Everyone is different, but if you take your paintbrush out of your behind and look closely you may find that there is nothing there to begin with. With all this in mind i recommend the buyer watch a walkthrough of the first 25 min of this and make a decision then. If still interested purchase it, if not, it dosent get any better in my opinion."
76561198217316735,Not Recommended,303210,29532736,Posted: 27 January,all,SuperheroChuck,"Honestly? I appreciate the effort, but I think this game has its head shoved waaaaaay too far up its own♥♥♥♥♥ So we all know the conceit: the narrator is guiding you through a set of games designed by his friend, and in the process trying to figure out what kind of person his friend was by looking at the games he created. So it's basically a heavily-narrated walking sim, and boy do I mean *heavily* narrated. The narrator ponders the nature of creativity, and the surrealistic design of the games causes us to think about the nature of games as an art form, but the designer missed a key point: unlike his previous work, The Stanley Parable, which was similarly meta, this game is not very fun to play. There are no choices to make, no compelling goals or objectives, you just walk along a linear route and listen to the narrator's endless solipsistic philosophizing. It's essentially a guided tour, and not a very engrossing one.We're seeing a great push right now in indie games to make games significant so they can earn their place in the world of Serious Art--thus we have a game like this that lectures at you about philosophy as you play. That's all well and good, but a lecture is not a game. Games have a narrative capacity that no other art form has: the capacity to turn a spectator into a full participant in the unfolding narrative. But in order for this to work, the game has to be FUN TO PLAY; otherwise the player remains a mere spectator.If you want to see an example of what I mean, play Undertale. It's fun to play, and it doesn't tell the story *to* you; it tells the story *with* you. It forces you to live with the very real consequences of those choices. The choices you make will shape the gameplay. It's the first game I've ever played that I can truly say is a work of art, Great with a capital G. It's what this game, in its own way, is trying to be, and ultimately fails to be.TL;DR Beginner's Guide worth a glance if you're interested in the development of games as an art form, but only insofar as it is an example of a well-intentioned misstep."
,Not Recommended,303210,18331682,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hanamigi,"I personally did not find it to be anything special.No spoilers: i tells the story of a person who feels guilt (and is a bit of a ♥♥♥♥).It gave me no great feelings, while from what I read it was lifechanging for others.I don't know, maybe these others have a reason to find this much more personal and compelling, but it seems that I do not. Maybe some of these people... are not used to feel emotions? I have no idea.ATM I am playing through the talos principle, and find that the beginner's guide does not even remotely compare to it in terms of themes and emotions and fascination.But hey, to each his own.If you are not sure about the game, grab it on sale: you might find it super awesome, or just ok and interesting."
76561197988012862,Not Recommended,303210,18436275,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,mendel,"Interactive linear story about a pretentious artsy terrible person.The gameplay is absolutely linear, you need to do as the narrator says or you won't progress. You need to walk your way through more than a dozen game prototypes. There is no game, no exploration. You set the pacing, there is some interaction that makes you drive the story forward, but ultimately that has little influence on the game.Now, that's not necessarily bad per se - a movie or a book are linear, and they can be good or bad. However, as you'll soon realize, the narrator talking to you is a pretentious jerk, and while I see the word ""pretentious"" abused a lot, it fits here: he pretends to an understanding he doesn't possess and can't communicate. So the game gives you about 15 chapters to realize that and then adds a bit of self-doubt to it at the end that doesn't exactly make him more sympathetic. So, if you ever wanted to experience a non-amusing story about an ar-se-hole, here's your chance.Now I'm a real artsy type and absolutely not pretentious ;-) . My way to approach artwork is to let the author explain what they thought when they made it, and I can explain how this piece affects me, where it fits in the context of other pieces I've seen and the general world I live in, and what it makes me think. When I am talking about a game or art, I am talking about myself. The narrator in the game never quite gets to that point.So, the audience for that game, the people who could profit from it, are pretentious jerks who don't know they are. Since I presume none of my friends reading this review fit this description, I don't recommend this game.[Update: There's also a second audience: people who try to decode the body of games, find connections to each other and to The Stanley Parable, and try to come up with theories about what it all could mean. These guys go wild on the Steam forums atm, and I do know some friends of mine who probably would as well.]Protip: if you think that maybe you are a little bit of a pretentious jerk, or were just curious, and decided to buy and play the game, and consider writing a review about it, please refrain from identifying David Wreden with the narrator. The narrator is a fictional character and not the author. Thank you."
,Not Recommended,303210,18286826,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RyanIsDamnAwesome,"It was definitely a unique experience, however it was too short to really have an impact on me personally. Not sure I would have spent the money if I knew it was only an hour long game. A great ending and a great narative, however It just fell short for me."
,Not Recommended,303210,18283129,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jacktopian,"(Note: I did not finish the game and refunded it after coming to the conclusion this game was not for me, I realise that the game is short and finishes well within the refundable timeframe, but I do not feel justified in completing a game I intend to refund, however, I would like to make known my experiences, limited as they may be.)I went in completely blind with no expectations, knowing the game would likely be more artsy than his previous work (plastered all throughout the promotional material and the game itself) through recent posts in his twitter feed. While the game does definitely shares some themes with The Stanley Parable, this strays further into more of an exhibit of game design rather than an exploration. My main problem would be both the lack of agency (The irony is not lost on me) and cost of the game. I was willing to overlook the unexpectedly high price tag for such a short experience, if I had gotten similar enjoyment and stimulation from that of the Stanley Parable, but I simply did not, and the messages conveyed through the 'non-standard' levels in the game did not sway me whatsoever and came off as '2deep4u'.I tried this game only because I knew I could refund it if it wasn't an experience I was after, and while I recognise that this game may speak more strongly to others than to myself, I do not think this game is for me."
,Not Recommended,303210,18304310,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Sombrero Kid,"Buy this game if you want to have an extremely simple idea laboriously explained to you over an hour and a half like you're an idiot. Very poorly put together. It seems so odd that one half of the stanley parable didn't realise that it worked because it's themes were reflected in it's content. If you like art to be more about the idea than the means of expression, this might be for you. I wonder how this would've been received if it hadn't come from dave wreden, poorly i suspect.Like the Stanley Parable with the personality and talented level design removed and the pretension cracked up to 11.If you want to play a good game, that addresses the same themes but more robustly and professionally and which marries it's themes to it's mechanics, check out The Magic Circle -http://store.steampowered.com/app/323380/"
,Not Recommended,303210,28865422,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Circles and Dots,"Grossly overrated pseudo-philosophical muddleClearly, it was meant to be a bizarre, eccentric product, not alike mainstream, trivial, rubbish modern games for the general public, but a masterpiece with some deep philosophic ideas underneath, unlocked only to intelligent elite able to discern the Great Message, hidden from the eyes of ordinary mortals.The Beginner's Guide is a collection of random scenes. There are no objectives in each or links between them. The narrator suggests to focus on the visual images around, symbols and try to feel, understand the inner world of the person who has created it.The game is forcing you to SEE DEEP MEANING AND SENSE in CRAPPY NONSENSE.I can say an absurd phrase, like""painters were yellow as deep the rain"". It is a random sentence with no meaning which I typed in few second just for the purpose of this review. However, if you want, you can keep sitting for hours, trying to unravel the author's Grand Ideas, devising some profound implications even in a total crap like my phrase:""Painters symbolize creators, creative people who flesh out their feelings, their rich inner world"",""Yellow color conveys the author's gloomy and somber mood"",""Rain normally can't be deep, so by perceiving rain as deep, author distances from the world, shows the tendency to isolate from people"",and so on ...See? A human can find sense in everything, even a random set of things. The game is overwhelmed with this sort of ""logic"" and ""(psycho)analysis"".In reality, it is just a crude hodgepodge of random stuff. It looks like a demo 3D assets preview of a model/texture package or like a semester study project of an undergraduate student, while the narrator offers you the ""true meaning"" and ""insightful interpretation"" of what is ""really"" depicted by a scene.What is totally flagrant is they present it like a compelling indie product, not standing in line with stupid games for commoners, containing thrilling, philosophic ideas, making you to think over and over, reflect about the life and death.IT'S NOT. It's just a jumble of crude, unconnected drafts, wrapped with the narrator's story making you to believe there is a Great Message and you are dull, if you can't see it."
76561198014691994,Not Recommended,303210,18334533,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SheolCodeMonkey,"This ""game"" isn't even really a game, the only factor of it that seems even slightly game-y is that it's iteractive, but that interaction ultimately plays no role in anything you do, that point is actually hammered home a few times through dialogue, that no matter what you do, nothing changes. So it's not even like The Stanley Parable where you can at least DO something, even though it amounts to walking in different directions, at least that had some divergence, there was none here. I could have just watched someone do this and saved myself £5.59, this essentially could have been released in the form of a video and contentwise it really only serves the purpose of being a documentary about the games created by a person who may or may not even exist and what we can learn about them from said games.Not only that but we aren't even given the chance to form our own opinions before the narrator outright tells us what the game is meant to indicate, Davey pretty much shows you a game and tells you what it communicates as if that's THE way to understand it. Long term this is revealed to be the point, that he was employing dogmatism to see a person the way HE thought they should be seen, but simply confessing a fault doesn't make it arty or significant in any way, it would make about as much sense to update his Facebook status to ""There's more to a person than you might think there is"".As for the section at the end where he decides to just stop narrating and let you move around with no idea what the point of any of it is, that just had me wondering why he even bothered, now not only was the game communicating nothing, the narrator was communicating nothing too, what am I supposed to be getting from this? Imagine that as you read this review I just trail off and don't finish reviewing but expect the empty space where my review WOULD go to speak for itself, that's what it was like to me.Overall I have to say that I was thoroughly disappointed and was constantly expecting something, ANYTHING to happen that would make me THINK or even just perplex me, but nothing, I just walked, constantly looking for some divergence and finding none, walking from point A to point B and then to point C and on and on because I was powerless to go anywhere else. The narration only served to give me some guy's opinion on the area I was walking through, but I could get that by just asking a friend what they thought of it. It was visual, it was audial, but I DID nothing, I had no agency, no autonomy, I could not truly actuate, the walking may as well have been automated, footage taken and the video uploaded to YouTube.One thing I will say in its favour though, the voice acting is great, but that was yet another thing I preferred about The Stanley Parable. Even though I've lost the magic of being surprised by The Stanley Parable after discovering all the endings or finding them online I can still enjoy showing a friend and seeing their reactions when playing it for the first time. If I was to show someone this I'm sure they'd just be bored.The question really is, what did the developer WANT me to think? What did they EXPECT me to think? What did they see me DOING? Every player's experience of this will be different only in that they will FEEL different about it, there's not just no replay value (I didn't expect any from a story-driven walking simulator, obviously) there's not even any play value, someone can just describe the game content and there you have a suite of the same emotional tools at your disposal."
76561198142560729,Recommended,303210,18351318,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The entire population of Russia,"Honestly, I'm not sure what I think of this game. Do I believe this story is real, or just fabricated? I can't answer that. My biggest problem with this game (Assuming that the story told is actually true), is that it is just flat out pretentious, and needy.I don't know. You have to really play the game for yourself to form an opinion."
,Recommended,303210,18297209,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Roboleon,Davey Wreden is one of the most distinct voices among contemporary video game developers.
,Not Recommended,303210,18439155,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,grendell,"It strikes some strong chords, but at the end, it's just as empty as the characters descried within.  This may be the first time I've ever felt ripped off on Steam.  What a waste."
,Not Recommended,303210,18420461,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,StoreClerk,"The gameplay is interesting and unique.However, the narrator lies about the whole thing. So don't bother giving him any money."
76561198096079278,Recommended,303210,18333193,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FriendFive,"Wow! This game really got to me. I just finished it and wanted to write this review while things were still fresh in my mind (and before reading anything else that my change my thinking on what I just experienced.) This game is narrated by the creator of the Stanley Parable, and is a showcase of short games made by a developer friend of his, because the friend was too introverted and reclusive to let anyone else ever see them. But it ends up being a commentary about the creative process and the validation we all seem to need from others for the various endeavors that we undertake. The narration and music are used to good effect, and the surreal and sometimes eerie environments that you traverse through in the game really get you into the lonely and sometimes disturbing head-space of the developer friend. I have to admit that when I got to the end of this game, I was left scratching my head a little about what I had just experienced; where I ended up at the end was not where I thought I'd be when the game started. My guess is that if you liked The Stanley Parable, that you would probably appreciate this game on some of the same levels. There really isn't much humor in this game like in TSP, but there are definitely multiple levels of narrative and meta-narrative that will feel familiar.My advice: go into this game knowing as little about it as possible and hopefully not having heard much about it at all. I bought the game knowing that it was made by the creator of the Stanley Parable, and that's about it. That was all I had to color my expectations about the game and I believe the game will give you a much greater experience for not having any preconceived notions about what is to come."
,Recommended,303210,18369071,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Andrew,"Personally, I don’t care about spoilers. I don’t remember any piece of media that was ruined for me in that way. But I totally respect when someone don’t want to know anything beforehand. But with “The Beginner’s Guide” everyone seems to dance around it so much, that it looks like the whole story is a punchline to a joke. Chillax, the game is more complex than that, so you can discuss parts of it, without ruining the whole thing.Technically, “The Beginner’s Guide” is a series of small games, created by a person named Coda and presented to us, players, by Davey Wreden, in chronological order with some immediate descriptions and overall narration. Davey talks a little bit about game development, but mostly about Coda himself. Very early (even in a trailer for the game) he says it’s cool, when you get to know someone through their work. Why someone makes games? Why this particular game? Were they sad or happy, while making it? Etc.Story and game itself is linear. Don’t expect something like “The Stanley Parable” here. And, actually, comparing two games is weird anyway. Don’t expect any plot twists (“I am your father!”) either — game’s story would evolve and shift focus, but in a very natural way.And that’s, basically, it. Short simple games (it’s not wrong to call them “levels”, actually), with a little bit of gameplay (you mostly walk) and voice over narration. And the main attraction is that narration. It’s full of questions. Very interesting questions (funny, but one is about this, actually — about reviews and recommendations). And, I would argue, not a single definitive answer. Like, again, very early Davey outright says that he releasing Coda’s games without his consent. Is it moral? Is it even legal? Those questions are for you, player, to ponder.Would you find in “The Beginner’s Guide” anything interesting for you, personally? Maybe. You don’t need to be a game developer to do so, maybe a little bit creative (and we all are, right?). But maybe not. Here’s the tricky part: I’m not recommending this game for you. Yes, you. ‘Cause I don’t know you. I’m just saying that it’s good and I liked it. Do whatever you want with that information."
,Not Recommended,303210,24084727,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,🎃 Demon Cobra Dinger 🎃,"It was a really crazy experience, but it's really tacky to profit like this from this persons misery and basically help resolve a relationship roblem. Make it $1.99 or something, it'll probably get even more reach..."
,Recommended,303210,18281033,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tomato,"This story makes you think.It makes you think of games, of people, of attitude to life and challenges.This emotionaly heavy game-like demonstration makes you think of the things you don't want to think, if you're brave enough to sumbit to this message.I honestly don't know what to say about it. You can never know if you're ready to hear a story like this one.Go to hell, Davey. If all of this is true, you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If all of this is fiction, you are one talented son of a ♥♥♥♥♥.I bet it's something in between."
,Recommended,303210,18286160,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Errickfoxy,"This is quite clever and leaves with with all sorts of interesting questions.  It really gets you thinking.  It's the sort of story that you really need to experience first-hand, without spoilers, to get the full impact.  For me, it's easily worth the price for the story it's telling.It doesn't really paint on the 4th wall the same way The Stanley Parable does, but it does make you question what you've seen and what you think about it."
76561198025440597,Not Recommended,303210,18331725,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Absolutego,The trailer is a lie.
,Not Recommended,303210,18292772,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheHoff,"The story, the script, the goal, the moral 'cake',Everything in this game is a lie.Stay away from it until further announcements show up.It's all a masquerade, and Steam is knee-deep into it."
76561197970395275,Not Recommended,303210,25458249,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,markbonaccorso,"This game wasnt terrible, but it wasnt very good either. The premise could be good if the mini games were clever, if it were the hallmark of great games design starting from something simple with actual promise. The problem lies in that the little games he is presenting just arent very good, they arent really games just slices of levels which are only just interesting enough to keep you going.The notions of depth and philosophy that the narrator is trying to convey just dont exist. I think this is why it has been called pretentious, It is great in theory to subvert and challenge notions of what a game should be, but you have to replace it with something worthwhile, you have to prove to the viewer that which you are showing has validity, and this is where it fails. Its like going to a gallery and seeing an instalation of a tv playing white noise endlessly. You can buy in to the premise all you like but deep down you know its garbage.So the whole game becomes a platform for his narration, the climax of which just made me think he was a bit pathetic and selfish over something with very low stakes. I have worked for a number of years as an artist and understand the insecurities that go with it as well as understanding mental health problems. Here he never really provides anything tangible to say about these things. he just sort of hints at things until his outburst. I guess for some the greatness of this game lies in his final revelation.its not worth more than maybe 1 pound/dollar or euroI also feel that if the game presented is a real thing ( I think its all fiction). If the minigames are actually levels developed by his friend, to charge money for them is seriously unethical. He does sort of address the morality of presenting them, but that becomes extremely questionable considering he is charging for itmaybe its the beginners guide of what not to do in games design. as it showcases shoddy workmanship, poor design decisions and bad ethical practises"
76561198016869079,Recommended,303210,18330823,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hems,"The Beginner's Guide is a masterpiece, one that I strongly believe all people should experience. It conveys a very deep message within it, with great narration. I completed the game within 1hr 30 min but it will leave its mark on me forever.I was able to feel a deep connection with many aspects of this game as I suffer in a very similar way to the ""subject"", and actualy felt a deep amount of hatred towards the developer early on (and even more so afterwards) despite his good intentions. I think that one way this game could be improved, is to add a wall at the end of the game to allow people to leave a note of their thoughts as I am very interested to find out what others thought of this."
,Not Recommended,303210,22845954,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Lif,dont make the same mistake i did. i thought it would be choices driven like the stanley parable but its $10 for what could be a video on youtube instead.
76561197983881430,Not Recommended,303210,31771482,Posted: 15 May,all,CHUGGABOOM,"I don't think i understand if this game is a genuine apolagy to ""coda"" or if this is just some dribbels of unfinished games that were put together and tried to make seem deeper then they actually are... but this isn't a game or not is it to be played for fun, i battled through it and feel im not getting anything meaningful from it..... i dont know if anyone else will have a different grasp on it but for the most part, you will get nothing but confusion and irritation from this"
76561198054081583,Not Recommended,303210,18435642,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nixx,"3 hours max, no replayability. Buy it on sale"
76561197977300652,Not Recommended,303210,18302434,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,yo-chi,I really wished it was a better game. :(
76561198005482250,Recommended,303210,18301838,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,nshady,"Evocative, emotive, rich, abstract, and sure to stick with you. I loved it."
76561198046293420,Not Recommended,303210,30044644,Posted: 19 February,all,Belosohov,"Very pretentious. The whole experience felt fake and staged, the ""coda"" character made games that really got across obvious points. The game feels like someone made  ""random"" powerpoint presentations with slides that said ""I am lonely"", ""I am insecure"", ""I suffer from an existencial crisis"" and you are forced to watch them for an hour while someone comments on them as if the meaning in them is elusive and hard to grasp. I don't buy the story, I think It is completely fictional."
,Not Recommended,303210,18420373,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,CLion,Pretty bland and boring. Uninteresting development of story with a rush to end the story before coming to any resolution. Wouldn't recommend buying this for five dollars/hour.
,Not Recommended,303210,18284758,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Frozen Pyro,"As many will tell you, this game is not the Stanley Parable, in any sense at all. It offers something else at looking through this person's past, as well as the narrator's with this person who makes these games. For what it offers, a whole hour and a half, as promised, it's a ride that leaves you either uncaring about the overarching story itself, or actually emotional around what goes on between these two people.For myself I feel like I'm in the group of the former, simply because I've felt what the narrator has felt. However, I feel like for the price of (when I bought this) $8 I feel like what I'm doing is supporting the developer rather than getting a full experience for what I could have possibly expected. I can say there's something here for those like myself that have done what the narrator has done, but at the same time people might expect more out of this.Can I say I fully recommend this? Not entirely. The strength in this is to have an emotional bond with either the person that created this, or the narrator going through this timeline with their history with this person. If you lack such a bond, then essentially you're pressing W and occasionally E and the Space Bar for an hour and a half wondering what is even going on. If you do share such a bond, then the question is; do you feel you got your money's worth or are you simply supporting a man and getting a short story out of it?"
,Not Recommended,303210,18299885,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Garnet,"A painful, joyless, exhausting, arduous, agonizing experience. Not in the fun way of some other thoughtful games like Spec Ops: The Line, but just a huge, self-absorbed, masturbatory slog. Not recommended."
76561198072946842,Recommended,303210,18319505,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Yung Pigeon,Did not expect tears to come with this game.
,Recommended,303210,18327030,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kiino,"If you're interested in the creative arts, this game will probably speak to you, and it's absolutely worth a try. Sit down, complete it in one sitting (it pretty much will only take 90 minutes), and give yourself time to reflect on it.It's definitely worth the dive in."
,Not Recommended,303210,18300367,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PBCupCake,"/me googles how to get a steam refund.Nausea inducing, not just because of the engine, but the attempt to make a deep and meaningful game just fell flat.Hopefully you spent less than 2 hours playing so you can get a refund."
76561198008630694,Not Recommended,303210,18300522,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kiwi Jam,"This was a waste of an hour and a quarter of my life, and $10.  I honestly want my money back. This is not a game.  I feel like I was used to stroke someone's ego and try to make them feel better about being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ friend."
,Not Recommended,303210,18292914,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Rutmeister,I don't get it.
76561198070130674,Not Recommended,303210,24379999,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,joe_jumpin,"I walked away from this hating both ""Coda"" and Davey. Although in fairness, I think I'd side more with Coda: I definitely hate Davey more. When Coda stated being around Davey made him ""physically ill,"" I couldn't help relate my own physical illness when having to listen to Davey's nauseating narration."
76561198091244887,Not Recommended,303210,18421666,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,xaragoth,"I liked  The Stanley Parable, but the only thing this game made me think about after it was over, is that I really need to read more reviews about a game, and to not just buy it because I liked the creator's previous one."
,Not Recommended,303210,18296598,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,shm0,"This isn't a game.  It's only about 1 hour long, and it's basically the creator of this product lying to you the entire time about a game dev he met (which is just obviously him), and ""playing"" through his video game levels.  I use ""playing"" in brackets, because there's no gameplay at all, you just move from one end of a level to another while the creator lies to you about his thoughts on his friend's game (which is obviously just himself).  Very pretenious.  Don't get me wrong, I get the message he's trying to display - but selling this as a video game is a joke.  This is not a video game, it should be a youtube video."
,Not Recommended,303210,28863785,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,deadraque,"Stanley parable was great, this one doesn't have any game mechanics at all, you just listen to the narator from beginning to the ened and walk and walk and walk.... that's it and oh yeah 90 minutes and it's done...."
,Not Recommended,303210,24434782,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Fusang,"I've never left a review before but of all the games i bought, i regret buying this one the most. the video that advertises it is not what the game is like at all, you don't open up a file and explore it at your own will and make your own conclusions or anything, nothing so free form. it's a 100% linear experience, an interactive movie where your choices don't matter, with a narration track to go over it that tells you what conclusions to make about each section instead of letting you come to your own, kind of like a poorly made audiotape for a art museum tour. there is absolutely 0 benifit to playing this, you'd get the exact same experience(and i'm not exagerating in the slightest here) from watching a youtube video of this game, and you'd have 10 dollars you could spend on an actual game."
,Not Recommended,303210,25678087,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Professor Fessor,"Allergic reactions occur when a person, living in an area with a high hygiene and standard of living, has something benign enter their body and their bored immune system overreacts and causes the person to feel sick even though they are not. The Beginner's Guide is an exploration into an 'allergic reaction' of the mind. It tells the story of someone who has no real major problems in their life and so they develop an incredibly complicated mental rut for them to agonize over.I highly recommend this game to people who have no problems in their life and can relate to this game's manufactured dilemma."
,Recommended,303210,18374786,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mutant Renegade,"You should get this game, if you liked the stanely parable you will like this game. The story is just as strong and hits just as hard if not harder. While stanley parable had a much more open world for you to explore but that's not a bad thing for this game as the point is to play this game the way it wants you to. It has a lot to say about a lot of things and it's well worth the money and time."
76561198126952501,Recommended,303210,18366433,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Randomositydude,"To be honest because of the nature of this game I'm not sure wether to recomend it. It Does not make you feel good, it makes you think, and one of the things it makes you think about it was I right in buying this game. I'm assuming the answer to that question is yes otherwise she sheer guilt many would feel and the people selling the game would be horrible. However the sheer abiguity of how that question is left and other questions for that matter (it makes you think a lot) is its selling point. Don't get this if you only use games as a method of being comfortable and spending time relaxing. Do Get it if you want to think about a lot of things that games don't often cover (if they ever have) and then wonder if you were in the  right to buy this game too"
76561198126554495,Recommended,303210,18296705,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheThunderbirdRising,"Ironically, this is more of a parable than Stanley ever was."
76561198201124487,Not Recommended,303210,28656518,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ctinman1126,Not worth the money
,Recommended,303210,18280387,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Carlz0r,"One of the few games that I've played that made me actually feel something, in a strong and real way.  That, alone, earns my recommendation."
76561198031438335,Not Recommended,303210,18432360,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Jawaka,"I'm pretty torn with this.First of all, it's not a game.  There's practically zero actual game in it.You simply down a ton of hallways and mazes and listen as the narrator tries to tell you a story.The only ""gameplay"" I guess is to decide what to make of the story as it seems there differing opinions.I guess some people would call this art. It's pretty easy to do so when there's no set definition.Personally I'm leaning toward thinking that I just threw my money away."
76561198106575757,Not Recommended,303210,29801033,Posted: 9 February,all,smrtnik,"I think this game has just two options. It fails or makes your emotions explode. Unfortunatly for me it didn't bring any emotions. I waited and waited and waited but at the end I felt that my time has been just exploited by the developer (The reason would spoil the game)The last game from this developer is great for me => SP, I even made my GF to play it (and she also liked it). But this one I wouldnt even mention to someone.Its hard to tell if you should bu it or not; if I didn't read the positive comments from other users, I would say DONT but something that doesn't work for me can work for others."
,Not Recommended,303210,18898667,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,dogshit
,Not Recommended,303210,18282336,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,EasternDragon,"If I could give this game a neutral review without a thumbs up or down I would. While the game does discuss some very meaningful concepts, I don't think it's enough. The whole experience takes about 90 minutes and you will most likely think of those 90 minutes as well spent. However... And this is a big however. There are games which have done it better and with actual gameplay to it. The Stanley Parable, if you look behind the humor, has some very interesting ideas and used parts of its gameplay to experss that and unfortunately TBG doesn't even compare in this regard. You are not really player, you are a viewer that moves around in an interactive gallery. Another game this can be compared to is The Talos Principle, which might be somewhat unfair considering the size of the teams, but if you want gameplay with you deep meaning that's the place to go to instead. Overall TBG is not a bad game. The concept kept me interested and the experience did drag me in enough to lose track of time. The experience is good; it's just that it's barely a game. The story was very good, but I don't view it as a masterpiece worth special treatment. Overall conclusion: if you can justify the price for bascially an intriguing and thought-provoking 90 minute interactive movie then go for it. Otherwise, there are better options out there."
76561198027541529,Recommended,303210,18282647,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rage,Well... at least I read all the notes.
,Recommended,303210,18282709,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ReinBork,This game made the feels come out. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,18285520,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,FuwaFuwaFuwace,There are a relatively small amount games which could be called art. This is one of them.
76561198023105909,Recommended,303210,18290149,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cerulean,"If there is one single game in all of Steam that needs to be played, this is it.I'm not exagerating. It's not hyperbole.This is the best money I've ever spent on games in a long, long time."
,Recommended,303210,18297135,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Duoz,"To me, playing this game was like watching a piece of modern art: if you don't get it right away, it needs more explanation than just watching and experiencing it, and so it loses its magic.It is a very deep yet very own personal work of the author. If you have never experienced a struggle like the one descibed, it is really hard to get the meaning straight away.If you just finished it and feel like understanding what the hell you just played, go and read this:Blogpost ""Game of the year"""
,Recommended,303210,18294546,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,AnimeSteve1993,"summoner draws a venn diagram on the floor with circles labeled ""narrative"" & ""emotion"". the ghostly apparition of jonathan blow doing tai-chi emerges from the center and begs for treats"
,Not Recommended,303210,18327323,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Joe Evil,"Despite all the profound and emotive reviews, I feel a little bit cheated by this game. Loved Stanley parable, that's why I've purchased this one whithout hesitation and looking at reviews (like I usually do whenever I've buy any game). And although there is some Stanley's nonsensical gameplay, some quasi-surrealistic  tone, there's nothing more in it than a sucession of incomplete game designs, sketches of ideas.It's not worth 10$."
,Recommended,303210,18298793,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BlackSquid,How can something so incredibly dark and depressing be so beautifully presented and relatable at the same time?I can find no other words to recommend this game.
,Recommended,303210,18283805,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kung Fu Kenny,"Before this I wrote something pretentious. So now I'm just going to write a short, honest review.This game is good. Buy it."
,Not Recommended,303210,18681757,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,WonderingJames,Look. Don't spend $10 for this. Just don't.
,Not Recommended,303210,18421779,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Stryker,"Narrative video yes.  Narrative video *game* no it is not.  Its basically an interactive expressionist art piece.   Not a game, not fun, not recommended"
,Not Recommended,303210,18409751,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,One_Giant,"just bought this game, always when i started it up, it will crashes immediantly.fix this! (windows 8.1)"
76561197972003095,Not Recommended,303210,18452664,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ChillPlayer,"I just can't shake the feeling that I've been pranked, the biggest thing this ""game"" accomplishes is ripping people off and making them feel as if they've experienced something profound and meaningful, maybe even walked through a piece of art. I enjoyed Stanley Parable a lot and had high hopes for this game. But in the end I realized it's just a huge bunch of unfinished stuff the devs have made in their early carrers, glued together with an admittetly clever narrative and an enjoyable narrator. I can very well picture how this game came into being at a developer meeting: Hey guys, let's scrab together all the level ideas you've ever had, invent some story that bleeds philosophical questions everywhere and sell it for 8 bucks on steam. This game would've been fine for 1-2$ and I wouldn't have written this review then, but 8$ for this? Cmon, if you payed this much and feel that you've got an equal return for this from the game, then - to paraphrase Davey - it says alot about you ;)"
,Not Recommended,303210,18298820,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zedd's dead,"Warning: this is not a game. That being said, it is not the reason for my negative review. Without spoilers all I can say is this is NOT a journey into how an independent game creator shares him or herself through their work. There is no insight I found here; there is only a rehashing of a long relationship of non and miss communication.I respect the creator of this project for what he was trying to do here, but after seeing it, I am sure it did not need to be shared with the world."
,Not Recommended,303210,18430151,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MAZ,waste of money.
76561198149776145,Not Recommended,303210,25121101,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,GLove,"The game was ok, but I don't recommend it. It was basically just a story you are being dragged along for.  You do not have a choice really it just happens and you are along for the ride. Yet, I will say that it was interesting in the way that it was different from many other types of games. In which the narration was good. I will also admit that I only came to buy this game because of the Stanley Parable guys made this one. However, do not get this game if you are only getting it because of the Stanley Parable, like I did. You will be disappointed. They are like night and day."
76561198118372991,Not Recommended,303210,25408246,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,eventheminions,"Gets off to a good start, but ultimately this game comes nowhere close to the genuis and charm of the Stanley Parable. Essentially, the player plods through a series of garbage amateur games with narration. Neither the narrator nor the moody programmer of the games are likeable and the ""story"" isn't satisfying in the least. I have no problem with games being pieces of modern art, but this is still a failure."
,Not Recommended,303210,18295430,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,| Nyam,2 short and boring
76561198073741637,Recommended,303210,18301018,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Randy_Butternubs,...Feels man.. Feels
76561198046618131,Recommended,303210,18300887,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TooSuhweetJESUS,"In trying to find a meaning in this game, I feel like I am doing the game itself a disservice and going against every narrative tone that is featured in this game. Regardless of that, it is impossible to not find something in this game and hold on to one of its many themes to compare it to yourself.This game is a maze and a prison, figuratively and literally. It is a story that I am trying to completely wrap my head around. Not due to the nature of the story itself, but due to the relativeness that is found in the game."
,Recommended,303210,18320159,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,TranquilMarmot,"I don't know what to say. If you create anything in any way, especially for a living, this will have a profound effect on you."
,Recommended,303210,18300274,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Trockenmatt,"I just got done playing this. I have never cried this much for a game in my entire life. Please buy this, even hard-a**es will cry tears of not-quite-joy-not-quite-sadness. I am in love with this game. Buy it now."
76561198125461991,Not Recommended,303210,28867183,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,foxtrot,vagueness =/= depthThought it'd be a fun ride but it was rather blah.
,Recommended,303210,18282275,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,the Spycrab,Oh dear god. If anyone reads this and hasn't bought it yet. Go for it. It's worth it.And it isn't what it might seem to be at first. Just... just be ready to take a break after this.I gotta take a break now.Have a nice day everyone...
,Not Recommended,303210,18383755,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"A fake game made for a fake person with a fake story, completely fake. It's a ""collection"" of really short ♥♥♥♥♥♥ minigames made by the developer in less than an hour.This entire game is based off lies. The developer lies to you at the very start about the story.I felt so ripped off by this ""experience"" that I refunded this game shortly after completing it.Just such a terrible game, with so much lost potiential.The developer didn't betray this ""Coda"". He's a bold-faced liar trying to sell a half♥♥♥♥♥story in ties with a collection of REALLY BAD minigames.Do not waste your money. Garbage game."
76561198010043978,Not Recommended,303210,28576500,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Yokozuki,"[WARNING SPOILERS]...Either, the entire story is fictional and I was charged for a series of incomplete game ideas that didn't combine to make a complete ""game"", or the story is real, and one person is selling the work of another person without permission... in fact, if the narrative is true, Coda explicitly stated that Davey did NOT have the right to share his work publicly, thus publishing on Steam undermines the entire apology (not to mention the moral/copyright issues).Therefore, I have to hope the story is fiction, and I purchased a series of unfinished unpolished game level ideas with developer commentary.Do not recommend this ""game"" to anyone."
,Recommended,303210,18472005,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gargaj,"I don't even know what to say, or what to think.We've come a long way."
,Recommended,303210,18540208,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,goldenjoshua,11/10 would begin again
,Recommended,303210,18289996,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Not a dog,"Actually made me think about life for a bit, well played.I went into this game expecting laughter but i was not disappointed."
76561197984005331,Recommended,303210,18282601,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Meursault,Incredible.
,Recommended,303210,18283949,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Edock,"Wow.I really don't know what to say about this game. It is based on a true story. It had me laughing and crying. I really can't say much, it is an unforgettable experience.This is not like The Stanely Parable, and is more of a story than a game. I cannot reccommend this enough."
76561198004960922,Recommended,303210,18284848,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DJ Brandon,This game... its just oh god its depressing
,Recommended,303210,18286102,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tridog,"Excellent experience. If you're in the mood for reading a nice book over a cup of tea tonight or feeling introspective, this is a good purchase."
,Recommended,303210,18294950,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,hL,"Coda, i liked your game"
76561197993638844,Recommended,303210,18296486,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bimbrownikus,Very personal and engaging story.Contains human feelings.
,Recommended,303210,18299383,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jesterer,I found this game to be interesting.  I know that dosen't exactly sound like a ringing endorsment but its the best word i can come up with. As slow and monotonous a nearly two hour guided tour sounds I found both the meaning of the story being told and the one that until the end is only implied both came together to at least make a good attempt at conveying the struggles of being a creator.
76561198175749479,Recommended,303210,18281616,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,You're a big guy,"This game is so amazing. When i heard about a game being made by the guy who wrote the Stanley Parable, i bought it right away, although this game is by no means a stanley parable sequel, and its not meant to. I dont want to spoil it so i wont, but this game is worth the money and i wuold 100% recommend it to anybody."
76561197962808938,Not Recommended,303210,19356634,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hyakkidouran,"Some clever moments, but overall I was very disappointed.I didn't like it and I'll do my best to explain why. This is a review after one playthrough : my gut reaction without giving it extra thought/exploration.So, the problems...The story does not seem to branch anywhere.For the most part, this game is walking. Other interactions are rare.Only one hour longOnly one actual experimental gameplay idea! The other games you explore are about experimenting with ambiance/plot and have usual FPS controls.Even if it makes sense plot-wise, this game isn't really pretty to look at. I'll give it credit for being able to create ambiance with those simple assets, though.The player is actually a useless character. He could be outside the story and it wouldn't change anything. Maybe that's a concious decision from the author, but it does make the game more boring.Nowhere near as clever as Stanley Parable.The twist in the story (in shortthe narrator has been lying to you) actually makes a lot of what you've seen and been told void. The little reflection about game design  and the creative process there is in this game therefore turns out to be a lie.It isn't talking that well about the creative process to begin with. The narrator is not the ""author"" of the games, and only assumes things a lot of the time. So you don't even get insight into a developer's mind, which would have been interesting.CONCLUSION :I think the comparison with Stanley Parable (the creator's previous game) is unavoidable, and it is quite an easy one to do : Stanley does everything better than this game. The Beginner's Guide is in the end roughly on the same topic (relation between game creator/public), so there is no reason to not play the superior game instead.Beginner's guide is I guess a pretty unique experience, but I don't think that makes it good enough to recommend. Its weaknesses are just too important.If you just somehow want to experience this game anyway just for the sake of uniqueness, then wait for a heavy discount (75% or more?) to make this one-hour walking-simulator worth the price.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------IN HINDSIGHT (added a week after original review) :OK. After a chat with someone I understood that I didn't actually get the ending correctly.But even though there is a message in there, I believe that :1) it's not clear enough and you can completely miss the point. To get it you have to extrapolate that a certain character is not real, despite what has been said.2) that message is very very personal. Too much I'd say.Reminds me of that Asterix comic where the author talked about cultural influence of american and japanese comics by having Asterix being visited by aliens : almost everyone hated that comic because unless you were a comic book author, you'd never get the analogies and metaphors.Even though this newfound understanding of the ending improves my image of this game a bit, my review remains pretty much the same though : play this game ONLY if you want something different so much, that you don't care about the many problems and limitations this game has.This is not a recommendation, more of a ""be careful, you're likely to dislike this game, unless..."""
,Not Recommended,303210,23737318,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Marppa,"Maybe as a free game it could do fine, but I didn't feel too happy about paying money for this. Depression triggerer would be accurate name for this."
76561197992860944,Not Recommended,303210,24374412,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AzzKikr143,"This is NOT the Stanley Parable. Do not let anyone try to fool you into thinking that it will be a similar experience. It doesn't have the same wit or humor or choices. It tries to pass off a half-finished blocky walking simulator as a 'game' or 'project' as being deep and meaningful, little more than a barely-interactive blog video. But this game is like digital bulemia. You hope that it will somehow change you, but just end up exactly as you started, left feeling depressed and empty inside. If you really need that, watch a ""Let's Play"", and save your money."
76561198083334816,Not Recommended,303210,29176070,Posted: 10 January,all,Jago,"I have a big problem with reviewing this so-called ""game"". This game, surprisingly, has complex structure of narrative so it's very difficult to describe what is actually wrong in simple words and without writing a few pages of boring text with notes and♥♥♥♥♥♥But I'll try anyway.First and the most important thing is emotional manipulation. Most of the time game is just showing you some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games combined with narrator's interpretation. Narrator(and author, which, actually, may be two different characters, I'll talk about this below) is really, really-really trying to get some tears and sobbing out of you. And, as I can see by owerwhelmingly positive reviews, he did a good job. Narrator is constantly decieving you by saying how the games are good and creator is talanted, while they are certainly not.Second thing is banality. I, personally, don't have anything against emotional stories about mental problems, depression and/or insanity - if the story can really say anything meaningful about the case. But this story cannot. In comparison to Stanley Parable, where an interesting topic with smart thoughts was presented, there is no such thing here.Third thing is a little less important and a little more complex. As I was told by one of my friends, you can find some similarities with narrative composition, used by Borges. And knowing that, you can see one different level of narrative composition. Difference between narrator and author, which can give you understanding, that story, actually, is not about creator and his games, but about narrator's mistake of interpretation. And this understanding can really change everything. Now, in this perspective, author somehow shows as that narrator is a liar or simply wrong and this gives us different message. One little problem here. It's not simple to see this, cause a) emotional manipulation b) you need to have much more additional knowledge c) this may be just an assumption, cause author doesn't tell anything in actual game.So, at the end, for me this is just a bad story, emotional manipulation and maybe, maybe, intended... let's call it joke, which is as funny, as if I could convince you, that your granny is actually an alien(considering, she is actually not). Funny, but only for a person, who knows it is a joke.What else there is in this game? Nothing. No gamplay, just story. Of course, author's unique style is still present and his voice is still amazing. But style is definetely not enough in this case.In conclusion, I'd like to put a quote - ""I'm talking so much cause I have nothing to say""."
76561198089630016,Not Recommended,303210,23214767,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,trimethylxanthine,"I don't often write reviews, and that's the only reason I can think that this game has gotten such good ones - because those who tend to review aren't a random sample of players, and they differ from the mean in ways that this game apparently appeals to.But it didn't appeal much to me.  It's a concept that has potential, and I understood the context and intent, but I couldn't identify with it's waffle.  It just sounded like someone who thinks they're deep and introverted, yet come off as egotistical and pretentious.As others have said, just watch a playthrough - there's so little actual gameplay it won't make a difference, and you won't have wasted a few bucks."
,Not Recommended,303210,23336720,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Smilesville,"Thought provoking, but you\'ll get through all the content in the span of about an hour - which, in my opinion, is not worth the $10 price tag."
76561197970964963,Recommended,303210,18285913,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Octsober,10/10Would clean house again
,Not Recommended,303210,18548872,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Not_Very_Clever,"​Where to start...Firstly, I think it has to be said that 'The Beginner's Guide' is not a game. And you would be mistaken to think that it's 'not a game' just like 'The Stanley's Parable'. On that game you have choices and decisions. The Beginner's Guide does not have any of that. It is purely narrative, and the 'gameplay' is purely linear.What I would say, is that this is actually an Experience. An interative one for sure, but an experience using visual and narative aid. In fact, this would make a great VR experience as you can relax and take on the sight. It's almost like a documentary that you, as the player, can get involved in although you cannot change your path nor the outcome.As for the content...I had a hard time finishing it even though it doesn't last very long. And since it is a narrative only game, there is no replay value. I think I had a hard time finishing it because the topic discussed is very depressing. Where else The Stanley's Parable is full of humour and joy, The Beginner's Guide is more thoughtful, melancholy, and filled with sadness.I'm not entirely sure what the game is trying to say, what thoughts it's suppose to evoke, or whether it even had a message or any meaning what so ever. Especially if the narrative is not based on reality, and that it might not be true.I would have a hard time recommending this game even though I loved The Stanley's Parable. It's not a game, so the player must prepare for that. It's thought provoking, but it lacks integrity and strength in what it is trying to say, if anything at all. It's not clever nor is it anything new. There is nothing for you to find out, nothing for you to really solve, nothing is hidden. It just doesn't really connect with me, and if anyone can relate to the game - maybe that says more about me and it does about them.In the end, it just left me kind of empty..."
,Recommended,303210,18337315,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mr. BackLog,"Purchase this and play it, invest the full 90 minutes of your time on it, and let it stew.  That's all I will say about it and that's exactly how much information anyone should have before diving in."
76561198010639088,Not Recommended,303210,18813371,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PigSnot,"Biggest waste of time I've ever played. Played through the whole game waiting for some sort of twist or cool story, anything; but nothing happened, the entire game is just as boring as the first level. It's nothing like The Stanley Parable, and I loved that game, don't waste your time."
,Recommended,303210,23286344,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Trogy | Truckers.FM,HELPI Dont Know How To Feel After This GameJust Buy IT
,Recommended,303210,18296493,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,flobbadobb,"[h2]interestingly depressing[/h2]this will make you sad.  it irritates me that the include stanley parable in the synopsys. this being the complete polar opposite. having tried many times at game design myself usual to no avail due to creation frustration or lack of confidence i can do it rarely because of the software being complicated. the game (if u can call it a game) Effected me in a way i can't explain, it slapped me with a lot of issues i have dealt with.the beginner's guide to what... life!? Death!? Love?!everyone walks forward till they die.depressed yet you will be.suffering from major social anxiety and a disability i can relate. but then again anyone should be able to relate. understanding that's the hard part,,,..🌌.🎮.♫.♿ ..LoVe^_^FLoBBaDoBB... ♿.♫.🎮.🌌.."
,Recommended,303210,18296595,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"The Beginner's Guide comes from Davey Wreden, the writer behind The Stanley Parable. While there are certainly similarities in perspective, genre, and overall quality, the tone is completely different. Instead of the humor and irreverence of the previous title, The Beginner's Guide is a much more intimate, personal story about Wreden and fellow developer, Coda. Coda's many experimental games and the relationship between the two creators serve as the foundation for the game's story and themes. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEWhttps://youtu.be/cJquJH3JkF8"
76561198005981121,Recommended,303210,18291024,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Space_Wizard,"I'm not really sure how I feel about this game, its a game that feels strange, its isnt your typical game where it follows a plot or tells the stories your used to.Its a game that I cant tell you anything about because I'm still coming to grips with it, all I can say is play it to understand it.The game will make you feel awkward and uncomfortable and some things may hit home for some people, as it did for me as a budding game developer (2nd year student in Game art) but it will also make you ask some questions about yourself and your friends, questions that are difficult to answer or even pin down.I recommend this game not because its fun to play, it isnt...its strange and uncomfortable, but I reccommend it because I finished it asking questions about myself, and I think thats very important for video games to evolve.Now If you'll excuse me I need to go do something happy...like watch kittens on the internet"
,Recommended,303210,18287719,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Idryss,"This game is intruiging. It isn't a game but an insightful look at......well, I will let you decide what. Life? Someones life? You will find your own relationship with it. Try not to interupt the gameplay if possible."
,Recommended,303210,18280588,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Longshoreman X,"This, so far, is essentially ""If on a Winter's Night a Traveler..."" the game"
76561197971861210,Not Recommended,303210,28116695,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nudelsuppe,"Just no. Its a walking simulator rather than a game, and if the story is true to the letter, the dev should have let it go and not published this kind of personal story in public. If its not true, or metaphorical, I just wasted money and time on a philosophical rant, that I can get for free on any respective internet forums/drunken friend conversation."
,Not Recommended,303210,19311051,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jasyla,"The Beginner’s Guide is… a game. It’s from one of the co-creators of The Stanley Parable, which I loved. This game, on the other hand, I didn’t love as much. It tells the story of a developer named Coda. A narrator walks the player through games created by Coda, giving us his interpretation of what they say about their creator. I think The Beginner’s Guide has some very apt things to say about player entitlement and not respecting the boundaries, of projecting ones own needs and interpretations onto games and their creators. The problem is that it’s just not very fun or interesting to play. The games we’re introduced to are all quite dull, and the narration becomes very disturbing by the end. So, while I appreciate some of the messages, the game itself was repellent to me."
,Recommended,303210,18335122,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TobiahZ,"I love art games. This is an art game about the process of making games.If that sentence alone does not convince you that you want to try this game, than this game may not interest you."
76561197993914537,Not Recommended,303210,18351876,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Micosil,"Comparions are of the devil, but sometimes they are necessary. This game is known as being ""from the same guy that did the Stanley Parable"", so comparisons with that very game are in order.And I'd like to say that this game is nothing like the Stanley Parable. The former's about defying the narrator and breaking sequence, this one's a long, narrated corridor of interactions. Sure, it has a plot (which I feel has more than a few holes in it); but it's a simple, linear experience - much like reading this review, your only options are to continue or go do something else.The plot, which is then the major selling point of the game (since interactivity really is not one), didn't feel that strong to me either. Without going into spoilers, I feel like the points it wanted to make could've been made in much less time and that the game was just artificially stretched to meet the 90 minute mark - and, throughout the whole experience, I'm simply a random spectator caught between Coda and the narrator, who really does not matter at all for the process. Like the message the game is trying to send is not meant for me.So, much as I wanted it to get better, to make a sudden reveal and turn into a second Stanley Parable that amazed me and filled me with wonderment at every step, I'm afraid I must say it really is nothing of the sort. If you like short, linear games that talk about personal issues, then you may enjoy it - but then again, there are also other games that deal with those subjects in a much more engaging way than simply as a spectator."
,Not Recommended,303210,18289615,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,"Lord SIGSEG V, Dumper of Cores","Well, it a more or less nice story but it is definitely not worth its price.If i only had to pay 1-3€ it would be totally fine with me...But even with -20% off i paid 7,20€... for a playtime of 90 minutes!"
,Not Recommended,303210,18311038,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GametimeUK,"Take everything you know about The Stanley Parable and throw it out the window. This is nothing like it. Do NOT buy this game on the previous games merits. I usually like different experiences, but this bored me. This reminds me of observing a painting with an artist. They point out all these meanings etc and despite you seeing the meanings yourself, you just don't appreciate them and revert back to just seeing a bunch of colours splashed across a canvas. Not to say this experience is ""bad"", but it isn't for me so I can't recommend it. I personally think it is trying well too hard."
,Not Recommended,303210,18347592,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ryanbomber,"The idea of a collection of games as a character study is great, but this is mostly just narrating hamfisted interpretations at you as you walk down barely-interactive corridors. The fact that the premise is presented as something extremely personal to Wreden is also really offputting to me, considering it's almost certainly fiction.Meh."
76561197993569062,Not Recommended,303210,18297628,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,CharlieB,"Dear Davey,I think you did the right thing.But, I'm sorry, I still had to return it.If he starts a kickstarter campaign, let me know.-Charlie"
,Not Recommended,303210,18345153,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,razorpakk,"This thingshould've been a Reddit post. ""The Stanley Parable"" is in my top 10, I would've never expected such a pretencious and uninspired game from the same writer. Oh well, it happens."
76561198056746787,Not Recommended,303210,20580743,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,gietek,"I don't understand so many positive reviews. THIS ISN'T A GAME. This has NOTHING to do with The Stanley Parable. I'm really not interested in dwelving into some random person's mind and pretending their unfinished and mental ideas have deeper meaning. Some serious ""artsy"" philosophical hipster crap going on here. I was hoping that after the intro with CS map the game would start. It didn't. That WAS the ""game"". There should really be a special tag for this kind of ""games""."
,Recommended,303210,18326298,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Pity Pit,"Left me inspired, paralized and really sad.Please buy this. it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good.(I also liked it more than The Stanley Parable)"
,Not Recommended,303210,26534593,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Urist McYellowDucK,"Artsy-fartsy meta-narrative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t not worth your time or your money. I played and enjoyed The Stanley Parable, and this is not nearly as entertaining, funny or cleverly-written as that game had been. Even by the standards of artsy-fartsy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, The Beginner's Guide is bad. It's overtly blatant with its message(s), and these message(s) are about the ""struggles"" of self-absorbed ""tortured"" artists, which makes the entire experience doubly insulting when you consider they're charging actual money for it. What passes for a story is rife with internal lack of logic and endless, insufferable navel-gazing. My eyes were rolling at 120 RPM by the time I finished playing it.Everything about The Beginner's Guide screams outPRETENTIOUSNESS,VANITYandEGOCENTRISM. I want the 108 minutes of my life back.Do yourself a favor and avoid playing it, do the world a favor and avoid paying for it.tl;dr: a pile of substanceless garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥out by an upper-middle-class Californian indie ""artist"". Stay away."
,Recommended,303210,31520467,Posted: 3 May,all,T.w² | Kammi,Such an amazing and unique game!
,Recommended,303210,18312504,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zeruel,"Wow... This game is... an experience. It makes you think, it makes you feel everything, and nothing.The game is about 90 mins long and remember, while it's by the creator of The Stanley Parable, it's almost nothing like The Stanley Parable. This game is a linear experience, No choices. There's narration, but it's more of a developers commentary/narration mix. Never the less, it's still amazingly well done. It's an amazing experience, definetly worth the moneyGraphics: UngradableStory: 9/10Length (Quality time): 7.5/10Gameplay: 4/10Overall: 8/10You should get this, even if you're like me and are poor and unwilling to spend money."
,Recommended,303210,18311746,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Grandma Tarkin,"First of all, don't buy this game just because you thought TSP was great. It doesn't mean you'll like this ""game"".I put game in quotes because really, this is an art piece, or an exhibit. Criticizing this for not being ""fun"" or ""interactive"" is like criticizing a novel because it isn't choose your own adventure. This is an introspective art piece, that's all.Now, it's definitely pretty short, but it's about the length of a movie and a couple dollars cheaper, so I think it's a good buy. Play through the whole thing, and don't try to just get to the end, think about what's being said.If you like art that pushes into new mediums, or just modern art in general, you'll definitely love this."
76561197976612595,Not Recommended,303210,29156119,Posted: 9 January,all,MechZahn,"I keep trying to put this down in words and it just comes out as such a mess.Look spoilers be damned, heads up. This is not a game.It is a public apology dressed up as a walking simulator. That incidentally misses the point entirely.Let’s say you pour your heart and soul into something you make. You give it to me with the express understanding that I may not share this with anyone else. You only made these art pieces for yourself and for me to also see.This bothers me. I decide for you, it will be shared.You understandably are not thrilled with me right now. You feel violated. I have broken our trust.Instead of saying I’m sorry, I try to make up excuses at first. This only further confirms to you that I don’t really know how to put your needs ahead of my own. Ever.In the end you decide that we should no longer be friends. Understandable.Time goes by, I miss you, and so I decide since I am now a reasonably famous game maker because of a little title I made called the Stanley Parable, that I shall make a new game. Well, sort of.It’s kind of a new game but actually completely filled with your work! I don’t even deny it! I openly admit I cannot get in contact with you thus ask for your consent to use your work!What was it that caused the rift between us in the first place?A)	Cheese or lack there of.B)	Burt Bacharach.C)	Showing your work to other people without your consent.D)	Something about how ducks find true North.While technically all four are acceptable answers only one will actually yield a full point on the final test.Study well my friends! You’ve been warned."
,Recommended,303210,28822794,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EGB Tatik,Amazing
,Recommended,303210,18470304,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,saalow,CODA ISN'T REAL YOU ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOTS
,Not Recommended,303210,22854686,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,dead_alewives,"This game doesn't work, plain and simple. It did work the first time I booted it up. But after saving and then trying to reload the game later, it crashes to desktop right after the splash screen appears. Running a cache check doesn't work."
76561198084595516,Not Recommended,303210,25200169,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bludkill,"I don't have a problem with interactive novels, such as Gone Home. Despite the lack of ""gameplay"", that one still told a great story.However, The Beginner's Guide does not. It's basically a series of unplayable demos, strung together with a narrative that comes across as an indulgent, one-man Fringe Fest show."
76561197966867517,Recommended,303210,18298434,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,monodynamix,"SPOILERS! But ones that are important to my opinion of the game.Having played through the whole game, I have mixed feelings about this, largely because I'm uncertain if the story is really true, as Davey says in-game. If it is true, then surely this can't be legal to sell, when it is a big collection of someone else's work who explicitly told him not to use the work, as it says multiple times within...For a while, I thought that maybe this was a tribute to his friend, and I felt terrible for that friend, for whatever he must have been going through.As it went on, I realized that... his friend may have had issues, may have been depressed for some reason or another... very likely was... but if this is a true story, as Davey says, then Davey is a terrible friend. If what he says in-game is true, and his friend specifically told him NOT to show this work to any more people, then this shouldn't even be on Steam. The act of putting it on Steam was selfish and ♥♥♥♥ed up. Even if he was depressed - forcing his work, his thoughts, his ideas, his personality into view when he does not want it to be in view, *making* him a public figure when he wants to be alone, trying to change his personality because you think the way he is is unhealthy... that's wrong.Selling this without his permission is wrong. You even say in this that you're doing this for selfish reasons. You know better.But this doesn't make sense... if you care so much about your friend and you want his work to be recognized and to help bring him back into making these games... then why would you do something like this to destroy him and his faith in you? Further, why would you illegally sell someone else's games in such a public and well-known forum? This would seem ludicrous. I mean, unless you're a horrible human being who is incapable of treating people with respect, then it would make perfect sense for you to do something so terrible.So I dunno - the big question for me is ""is the story true or not?"" If it is, then this absolutely should not be on Steam. At all. I seriously hope it isn't true, because that would be really terrible.If it's not true, then this is extremely well-written. I'll assume it's not true, since it probably wouldn't be legal, and put a... yes.... recommendation. O_o"
76561198018035516,Not Recommended,303210,19911663,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Toastinator,Stupid hipster game.
,Recommended,303210,18360697,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,iOWN,"Impactful, thought provoking, meaningful, so relatable. I've not played a better game in a long time - maybe ever."
76561197961711715,Recommended,303210,18327968,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Soupcasper,"It's not a game, it's an experience, wow thanks"
,Recommended,303210,18321984,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,blazerboy,"I don't want to say much, because it would ruin it, but for the love of God, play this game, though it's really more of an experience..."
76561198061737196,Recommended,303210,18520197,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sethpants,"This game puts you in the mind of someone, while someone else's mind narrates it to you, trying to explain to you what their interpretation of this person's mind is. You're taken on a journey through someone's head with all of their deepest thoughts literally unraveling themselves before you in the most magnificent way. What you see is most definitely not all that you get with this one.As you can see by my game count, I'm quite stingy on what games I buy. I don't know what made me buy this one, I haven't even played the Stanley Parable, but I read the description for it and knew I must experience this."
,Not Recommended,303210,25366519,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JakeSumo,"If you look for an actual game, move along. This ""game"" is really just a story being told. It is not the most boring story, it is interesting to think about, I must admit. But either it is true, then you will feel bad afterwards, or it is made up, in which case I personally think a lot more effort should have been put into this. So either way, I cannot recommend this."
76561198092665992,Not Recommended,303210,28778388,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jix,"I enjoyed stanley parable a lot, I thought this game would be fun, but I was dissapointed. I requested a refund. Here's why:- I didn't like being forced to play the way the developer wanted me to play. The description is somehow misleading, I thought that I would have real choices in the game. Instead I got meaningless choices that doesn't change anything in the game!- I wasn't interested in the developer's friend problem- What's up with the game Title? ""The Beginner's Guide""? It has nothing to do with the game!!Spoiler Alert- If this friend actually exists, and these are his games indeed, and the developer wants to make up with his friend... then why would the developer want to earn profit from his work??- If this friend doesn't exist... then the graphics look like they are just free assets that the developer placed in the game without any effort. Yes he spent time putting them there and spent time recording his narration... but it's not really that interesting!"
76561198025557752,Not Recommended,303210,23913658,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bubblebathory,"This is the most tedious and irritating game I have ever played; this is not ""in a good way,"" this is not some roundabout way to say that I was engaged, or implying that negative attention is the same as positive attention, or whatever fragile male indie developers need to hear about all their lackluster works. I was not engaged. Not once. I was thoroughly un-engaged. This game was a prolonged distillation of everything I hate about listening to men who fancy themselves creative talking about video games. This game is reminiscient of listening to first year film students talk about how they have meaningful stories to tell and then ramble on about ""the establishment"" or how ""nobody understands them."" I haven't played a game that jerked itself off this hard, enraptured by its own supposed brilliance, since Braid stumbled its way onto a screen in front of me.In theory, there could be some underlying deeper meaning to this game that I missed, but I doubt it. This game couldn't keep my interest long enough to complete any given level past the first one.It is a fancy powerpoint circlejerk about how cool this one dude's terrible games are. I can only hope he is fictitious because if he is real, and if this inspires him to work on games again, it will be a tragedy.I am offended by the fact that I actually paid money for this."
76561198240957116,Recommended,303210,20583626,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ho-Bo-Jo,"wow this game really dose move you, and even more it hits you in the feels.10/10 you need to try this game"
76561197987743391,Not Recommended,303210,28356324,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Inkheart Artist,"First off, I wish there was a way to make a neutral review, because I feel more ambivalent than positive or negative about the Beginners Guide. Since at the time of writing this, the game is sitting at mostly positive reviews, I'm going to rate it contrary to that. If for some reason the game sways to negative or neutral, consider my review positive.First off, its not like The Stanley Parable in my mind. And I personally found it to be a weaker experience in the areas of poiniancy, engagement, and story (the most important parts of walking simulators) Not that it was bad, it gave me a little bit to chew on, just a whole lot less. I expected more out of it given the praise it had recieved. I thought I would feel a real gut punch by the end of it. Instead, I kind of just felt a little identifiability with it; I've gone into, and come out of, the situations it deals with. Maybe laying the ""conflict"" it deals with to rest in my own life put me out of the demographic. Maybe it's a little less insightful than it thinks it is. I don't know.I feel like since I'm writing a review for it, I have to get into the themes of it, though I'm worried that much talk of it will spoil the game. Without going into detail, its about validation. While it deals primarily with video games, I could see it being about anyone's creation. If that sounds interesting to you, give it a shot! Just temper your expectations a bit before getting into it."
76561197992144150,Not Recommended,303210,21609560,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zem,This is not a game.  It's a short story where you have to walk around and listen to a narrative.  Nothing more.Story:  6/10Game:  1/10
,Recommended,303210,18361059,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,HANDS!,"Dat strawman.TLDR: Bad game, good narrative.I saw another review against the game that said the characters were whiny and unrealatable, and honestly I kind of got the same feeling at times. I think, however, to belittle another person's struggle simply because you don't share it is a little too near-sighted for my taste. I think these themes will hit a lot of people hard. I also think for perhaps an equal amount they won't.This ""interactive experience"" does a great job illustrating the nature of two creative mindsets that can be incredibly hard to grasp. It delves into what some would consider a delicate subject with all the grace of a machete.It's ballsy and doesn't care what you think. :)Worth the 10 bucks. Culture yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18279622,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,badjester42,I.......uh.........I........it's a game...ok....not a game..........Just buy this. It tells an incredible story and opens up your mind about what games are but also the people who make the games.
,Recommended,303210,18281519,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,lobbo woofer | hellcase.com,"What an amazing experience to play this game.It's games and developers like this that make me love gaming.Please play it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18312055,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Singularity,This one's going to stick with me for a while I think. It hit home and resonated on a number of levels. I don't think I'll truly understand or appreciate this games message for a couple of days. Weeks maybe.
,Recommended,303210,18282686,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,I AM CHIDDYBANG,Truly.. Inspiriational. This piece of art has left me speechless. I can't even think of anything else to put. I've just been sitting here for 5 minutes just not able to piece together a sentence that sums this game up. Experience. Yes that's the word I will use for the lack of a better one. Experience. Pick this game up. It is worth much much more than $10.
,Recommended,303210,18315587,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CorruptComputer,"The story just leaves you with this really heavy feeling. After I complete the game I sat on the menu for about 10 minutes just thinking about what I just learned, and how much it reminds me of myself. I can relate to both sides of the narrative, both Coda and the Author."
,Recommended,303210,18321554,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Witty,"Like a short novel, there isn't much gameplay here. It does storytelling in a way only games can by using it as a perfect medium.I'm not going to go into detail on what the story is trying to say, or at least, what I think it is trying to say.I've spent a good hour thinking about this game after the fact, and no interpretation or theory sits 100% right with me. It has definitely changed my thought process on several aspects of critique, conversation, and the enjoyment of creations of others.Don't expect a game, expect something short, fascinating, and imo worthwhile."
,Recommended,303210,18279703,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fast.n.painful,"(No Spoilers)It's not the game, but just a special story in a ""game-form"". I'm really into it, but I have a feeling, that it's just doesn't right, to have such an ending.Gameplay- there is no gameplay (walk and 2 times shooting)Graphics- Source engine (doesn't matter)Story- So... this thing is a just a story. I had a feeling, that the developer is trying to bring my tears, but I just couldn't get right emotions for an ending. Something is untold"
,Not Recommended,303210,22090638,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,skinnyraf,"I don't know, it's a bit too artsy for me. While I loved the main paradox I got from the Stanley Parable, The Beginner's guide just dragged on, made me tired, bored and finally quit. It might be, that the ending was brilliant, I just got too bored with the story/game/experience/whatever."
,Not Recommended,303210,18977208,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,potato testicle,"i was expecting something interesting, much like the stanley parable, with lots of endings, secrets, etc. what i got was a long, boring lecture that was about some really boring person make games, while playing some half-arsed games. c'mon, i know you can do better, and thanks for stealing my money"
,Recommended,303210,18328618,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ker Blam,"After hearing fantastic things from people such as Jim Sterling and learning that it was by the same creator as The Stanley Parable, I jumped in, aiming to go as blind as possible. What persues is undescribable without taking all of the magic away. Don't look at anything else, just buy it and experience it."
76561198015804326,Not Recommended,303210,19340392,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bravo 3,"This game seems like a walk through art gallery, depicting emotional pain and confusion, by means of level design and a narrative to provide a background story.It's like a strange art film set in the world of amature game developement, that tugs on your emotions by means of empathy and guided interpretation. Thats it.If thats what youre looking for and have some money to throw away, go for it.If you don't feel like you need someone to bring some of your personal issues of angst to surface, or you don't feel empathy, then this probably wont do much for you at all, except waste your money.I think most people wont enjoy this, and many would regret paying for it.That said, from a purely artistic point of view, its well done."
76561198012222464,Not Recommended,303210,23805260,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mfortunato,"I thoroughly enjoyed The Stanley Parable and I like walking sims like Dear Esther and Gone Home. But I could not get into this at all. With the other games, I cared about the character/narrator. Here, I simply couldn't give a hill of beans about Davey and Coda. Their struggle, while one that everyone faces in our daily lives (no matter what profession we engage in), was not compelling. Even with the superb voice over work by Davey Wreden himself, I could not be compelled to care about these characters and their ""games."" It is unfortunate because with such universal acclaim, I was truly looking forward to this."
,Not Recommended,303210,20515549,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,zeinne,"I'm gonna have to agree with Leto's review. You gotta relate with the character to get more emotionally involved. and i think that was what was lacking here. i bought this game after the great reviews on ""emotional journey"" but sadly, for me, it didn't deliver.For people looking for a heavy emotional journey, i recommend ""To The Moon"" by Kan Gao/Freebird games. Not only does it have great story but has great soundtrack. i believe music is the key to setting the mood and he did just that. That was way more emotionally engaging than this."
76561198181202831,Not Recommended,303210,20644126,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Adder,"I really enjoyed the Stanley Parable...but this game is just....boring, it just talks about a psycho General Kota from the Force Unleashed and his pschological tendencies in his games"
76561198047016908,Not Recommended,303210,22853466,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,mikealex1000,"This game is a tragic waste of ten dollars. There is a very strong message that, to me, ends up being burried behind the narrator leading you by the nose from beginning to end. He reminds me of that desperate high school kid shambling around the halls trying to get anyone to sign his yearbook. Control-- or lack thereof-- combined with the pathetically short run time and laughable narration is enough to make one cringe. I was as emotionally touched by this game as I am a ham sandwhich, except a sandwhich costs less than $10.00 and leaves me feeling satisfied for longer than two hours."
76561198132549086,Not Recommended,303210,28731233,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dai,"this whole game is a guy telling you about his friend while you play his VERY unfinished games. If you like being told a depressing (and unentertaining) story while walking around in mostly straight lines, go ahead and get this game. If your 3 dollars is important to you (not even your tree fiddy) or your 3 hours, don't waste it on this game.I thought there would be some kind of payoff at the end, but there wasnt even that."
,Not Recommended,303210,28731871,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hambe 😂,"A cross between Super Mario 64 and Club Penguin (pre Disney), The Beginner's Guide first introduces us to the developer named only as 'Coda'. It shows his first piece of game development, a Counter Strike map with afew misplaced objectsuniquely abstract view.The game progresses with more examples of his work, only each game in turn shows a darker more troubling issue. I will attempt to give my analysis on the true message being conveyed:---------------The understanding of von Neumann machines is a theoretical obstacle. For example, many applications prevent embedded technology. Further, we emphasize that our algorithm is Turing complete, without visualizing information retrieval systems. Contrarily, write-ahead logging alone might fulfil the need for von Neumann machines.In this work we examine how public-private key pairs can be applied to the construction of massive multiplayer online role-playing games. Our approach requests simulated annealing. Unfortunately, classical information might not be the panacea that end-users expected. Along these same lines, we emphasize that our algorithm creates the transistor. Though similar systems construct the simulation of information retrieval systems, we surmount this challenge without architecting courseware.We question the need for compact symmetries. Although conventional wisdom states that this problem is often solved by the synthesis of virtual machines, we believe that a different solution is necessary. Though conventional wisdom states that this grand challenge is usually fixed by the improvement of the Ethernet, we believe that a different solution is necessary. The basic tenet of this method is the construction of systems. In addition, the basic tenet of this solution is the emulation of randomized algorithms. Therefore, our system can be improved to request Boolean logic.The contributions of this work are as follows. Primarily, we consider how evolutionary programming can be applied to the deployment of object-oriented languages. Second, we use introspective configurations to disprove that reinforcement learning and the Internet can connect to accomplish this intent. We propose an analysis of semaphores (FumyPykar), which we use to verify that the much-touted omniscient algorithm for the investigation of rasterization by Miller and Thomas is Turing complete.The rest of this paper is organized as follows. We motivate the need for gigabit switches. We prove the synthesis of robots. In the end, we conclude.tl;dr - This analysis is as meaningless and pretentious as this game---------------All in all, this game is much like modern art, it's beautiful when you believe that you have taken something unique away from it, but really it is simply another piece of pretentious garbage that will be forgotten."
76561198045380711,Recommended,303210,18292741,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,gehtsiegarnixan,A very unique game worth playing
,Recommended,303210,18293558,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mr. Finch n' Fox,Truly nothing to say..besides.... I have never really had a game impact me so emotionally...
,Recommended,303210,18293596,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,An Actual Biscuit,"This is one of those difficult games to talk about without revealing anything about it. If you're the type of person who's not a fan of 'walking simulators' or games that hold your hand and take you through as they tell you the story rather than you make it yourself; this game probably isn't for you.However, I would still reccommend this game to everyone, no matter whether you prefer the genre or not, for the experience it gives and the emotions it makes you feel by the end of it. A short, little, personal story given by the developer to really convey a number of emotions, questions and answers that really send you on a journey of self discovery and self questioning - atleast for me anyway.I loved every minute of this game and highly reccommend you pick it up if you want to try it out."
,Recommended,303210,18291010,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Peashooter,"I really liked it, it really made me think, the crtitical thinking is a nice change then most mind numbing game. Some people may not like it but i did and thats my opinion, if you have the money give it a try its only 8 dollars its worth it imo"
,Recommended,303210,18291789,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Donbu,This game is simply incredible. It really makes you think about life and will most likely bring a tear to your eye. Such a great story and hopefully Coda plays this game.
,Recommended,303210,18293233,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dorilium,"It's not The Stanley Parable, if that's what you came looking for. It's something a bit less cynical, less funny, more raw, more uncomfortable and inward looking. I liked it a lot, and I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,303210,18293019,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DaVince,"I don't know if it's telling a fictional story, or that this is all real. What I do know is that it is full of creativeness, and that it tells its story well, and that I was left feeling very sad.Try it if you don't mind story-driven games. Try it if you are intrigued by game development, would like to see interesting experimental game mechanics and ideas, or follow a serious story as it unfolds.I'm not entirely sure it should have cost as much as it does. But I don't regret buying the game, either."
,Recommended,303210,18291644,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Fargo,"First, having problems with the game crashing on start up? Add """"-windowed -noborder -w 1024 -h 768"" to the steam launch options. After that, feel free to change your graphic settings, but do NOT turn on MSAA, it's what causes the crash.Did you like Dear Esther, Gone Home, and Stanely Parable? Then you will likey enjoy this game. Are you okay with spending $7 for approximately 60-90 minutes of really unique story telling? Then you will be able to justify this purchase. Do not buy this game expecting gameplay or even a solid story conclusion.Personally, I found the game very powerful and enjoyed every minute of it. I would love to get into the story, but in a game that lasts less than two hours, every minute is important to the story."
76561198065310072,Recommended,303210,18293088,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PTesla,"Holy crap.I don't even know where to begin with this. As an amatuer writer, this is how I feel about my work. This isn't just the emotional experience of game development, this is what it is like for any kind of creative work."
,Recommended,303210,18290741,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TerraCo,"Don't look at any reviews, videos, screenshots. Just play the game with no prior knowledge. 8/8"
76561198070511116,Recommended,303210,18290994,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,julia.edhilraid,"I'm not even sure what to say. I played this game without looking up what it was about or anything else because I'm a big fan of the creator, and I would recommend you do the same. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it."
76561198067902620,Recommended,303210,18291811,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Marmite-Badger,"Stop reading reviews. For this game to have any impact at all, you just need to play it."
,Recommended,303210,18292428,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Adam,"I'm shocked. That's all I can say. Buy it, now."
76561197970893514,Recommended,303210,18292647,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ccso151,I'm not really sure what I just player. But I am glad I played it.
,Recommended,303210,18292660,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Drowrin,Insanely clever and heartbreaking.
,Recommended,303210,18292704,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Wang of Wall St,Stanley went and bought The Beginner's Guide.
,Recommended,303210,18293293,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DownAndUnder,"This is short, sweet, bitter and emotionally baffling."
,Recommended,303210,18293331,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,thesoundboy,Just play it
,Recommended,303210,18293473,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Razor,umm....
76561198018939765,Recommended,303210,18291109,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Chrome_Oo,This game is a unique and awesome experience. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,303210,20419045,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Little Green Ghouls,"This game gave me A LOT to think about. I wrote many iterations of this review talking about what it meant to me and what I learned from it, but I'm deciding to save that for me, and just talk about the game for what it is. While some games are like novels, this can be more equated to a series of poems that symbolize an artist's constant internal struggle. Our creator, Davey, takes a look back at games created by what he calls Coda, and by taking a look back at them he understands what they truly mean to him, and how trying to help Coda, began to destroy Coda's voice and ultimately silence it. If you are a creative and/or internally struggling person I strongly recommend this game.I will just say this one more thing. If you are creating out of expression and not impression, you cannot be driven by other's opinions, you can only hope that they understand you. I hope that Davey finds Coda again, a way to work in tandem with it, and a way to expose us to its work without it being infected by our opinions."
,Not Recommended,303210,20250228,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,hatesfreedom,Kind of artsy for no reason.  Just didn't work for me.
,Recommended,303210,18322108,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Freelanders35,"For me playing this was like looking at my self in the mirror and made me reflect on myself as a creator.I can't say anything else without spoiling the game/games, but play it in one go wtich takes around 1 to 2 hours"
76561197961554752,Recommended,303210,18279507,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,peeka,How do we help Coda?
76561198092449745,Recommended,303210,18279446,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Oliver Dunk,"This game is unique. Much like the Stanley Parable, in fact, in that if I were to tell you what it was about, the game would serve no purpose at all. It's a strange game, much like a unique digitized biography rather than an actual game. But what even is a game? Definitly worth the purchase."
,Recommended,303210,18520113,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,celsius1414,"Really well done. This game is not a game per se, and yet in the process of discovering its narrative, you will (hopefully) begin to question what a game can be, as well as what your role is as a gamer. Sad and a bit harrowing, but ultimately rewarding."
,Recommended,303210,18522165,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,michaelshooter2,"I don't want to give to much away, but this is one of the best games I have ever played. Buy this game, that is all I have to say."
76561198018534049,Recommended,303210,18517452,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Retramon,"I can't even explain the emochons I feel, this game is depresing in a butifle good way I feel upset in a werd manure."
76561198116602504,Recommended,303210,18525082,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Cr4pitalist,"Coda, Turn Back..."
,Recommended,303210,23265587,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Topsy,bruh all my feels
,Recommended,303210,18314532,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mikachu92,It hurts but it is good. Please play it.
,Recommended,303210,18280067,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RecipeForDisaster,"Is it possible to really understand another human being? Is it even meaningful to try? When we try to analyze something, are we just projecting our own biases onto it? These are tall, open-ended questions that The Beginner's Guide tries to answer. What you get out of it, like most things in life, depends on you.The game opens with Davey Wreden introducing himself as the writer of The Stanley Parable, a work he proudly calls ""absurd"". This game, he says, will be different. Delivering on that promise, The Beginner's Guide asks you not to make a series of choices, but to try and understand where a person was coming from as he created a series of video games. Wreden lets you play these games, frequently interjecting to give you his opinion on what everything means, but what really matters is what you take from the experience.Traditional gameplay elements are sparse and accusations of being a ""waking simulator"" will probably appear in droves, but that shouldn't impede players interested in the process of making and understanding games.  The Beginner's Guide is one of the most unique experiences of 2015, staying with you long after you exit the game."
76561198077488775,Recommended,303210,18517272,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cumdumpster2011,FeelsBadMan10/10
,Recommended,303210,22208346,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Papa Dog Sucker,"Listen, This is a great game. When you're done, you'd see something and realize something and let me tell you.DON'T.You did not purchase anything that is wrong. Whoever says that is just a scumbag that wants to excuse themselfs for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing they've done.You'll know what I'm talking about when you're done."
,Not Recommended,303210,22179805,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Big Dictionary SAGE,Pretentious lit major garbage. Stop deriving artistic intention from creative work♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Herp derp 3 hour victim showcase
76561198243034356,Not Recommended,303210,21670018,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LMIreland1987,"This game is only good if you are interested in game mechanics and how the creator reached where he did. It is interesting if you aspire to go into this feild and game creation is interesting to you, otherwise do not purchase. 14mins in and I realised what the game was, not enjoyable for someone who wants game play or a story. Description is not clear enough in my opinion."
,Recommended,303210,18520802,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bemmu,"Very enjoyable narrative. Although the game can be finished in only 90 minutes, after it is over it will stay in your mind. You'll start to question what you just experienced."
,Recommended,303210,18524707,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,dbltnk,Highly recommended.
,Recommended,303210,22519609,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mister Fister,Ein unfassbar starkes Spiel mit einer faszinierenden und großartig erzählten Geschichte.
,Not Recommended,303210,33043185,Posted: 30 June,all,TheBuda,I may be too stupid to understand the game. I just thought it was a waste of time and was extremely confusing...
76561197995376355,Not Recommended,303210,21113889,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ninja Biscuit,"The Beginner's Guide to being a self-loathing pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with his head up his own♥♥♥♥♥♥AKA Misanthropic Depression Quest. Stick to comedy Davey, cause this is awful, the most pretentious of pretentious pieces, on the level of a Zoe Quinn and the like, yeah I went there. Can't believe all the hatred has been piled on stuff like Depression Quest and Everyone's Gone to the Rapture and yet people are lining up to get on their knees and service this game in all ways possible. Maybe it's because I've never had any personal problems with depression and the like, but that doesn't mean I should have to pay money to let someone else complain about their at me and have everyone else say it's brilliant. 2015 is the year the gaming industry disappeared up its own♥♥♥♥♥♥and this one went further than an extendable suppository, I really hope Davey makes more actually fun games in the future, if he continues down this route then we've lost someone who I thought was one of the least pretentious 'art-game' makers, it would be a shame to see him fall into that well with the rest of them."
,Recommended,303210,19610964,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hamakei,"A wonderful game. Quite unlike anything I've played before. Will give you a whole new perspective on indie game developers and ""art games"" in general.Unless you're expecting a Call of Duty clone. In which case, don't waste your time."
76561197983019703,Recommended,303210,31873164,Posted: 20 May,all,DarkLordOfOZ,this game deals with derpresion a subject i know all to well every one should play this gameit will let you know waht gose on in the head of a person with derpresion
,Recommended,303210,18331390,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Precipve,Amazing gameplay and storyline. Ending was unexpected and frustrating. Awesome game.
76561198126255903,Not Recommended,303210,28960443,Posted: 2 January,all,fumanchoo,"Watch a 'walkthrough', you'll get the same effect and it'll save you money."
,Not Recommended,303210,18348246,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,YEET | csgoroll.com,very boring all you do is llisten and walk around and click stuff thats literally it.
,Not Recommended,303210,18434905,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Maincake,"I didn't hate all the game itself, but I feel like if the intent of the developer Davey Wreden was to reach his friend ( that the message IS VALID) he should make it a freeware. STOP saying the game was made by the creator of Stanley Parable:1. It is not, the games were made by his friend2. The experience is not the same as Stanley Parable, stop this misleading propaganda. He made fixes, the narration which was great. But the experience of the game is made by coda.I think it's sort of funny taking people's money since they didn't have much cost with production. That is cheating. I felt cheated. The vídeo is misleading to believe that the game is going to give me some closure at the end, and as a developer it COULD be a really good rapture since I can identify with things that Coda though. But this game doesn't give you anything.It's open ended. He wants opnion from the players( and their money, time, validation as se says) without giving an proper ending.I would say, don't buy it: Watch it on youtube, and if you want to get involved send him an email."
76561198182579299,Not Recommended,303210,18437394,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,alexandre_cout,I loved The Stanley Parable but this game is boring. You simply walk for the entire game and your action have not impact. I get the meaning of it but it simply does not resonate with me at all. This is one of the worst game I've played in a long time.
,Not Recommended,303210,18335781,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Eudy,Intesting but not really much to it.  Not worth $10.  Finished with it in about an hour or so.
76561198024844588,Not Recommended,303210,18359284,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SITH.Ashoka,maybe something for computer games students or creative people in general.I found it absolutely boring and wouldnt ever recommend it to anyone. sorry. its a shame that I paid for this.
76561198095806854,Not Recommended,303210,18347453,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SpecialPotato,"Okay, so ordinarily I'm a sucker for games like this. I'm not interested in debating whether or not different projects can be called games, especially ones that are as narratively driven as this one. Ultimately, art and entertainment are what they are and I'm fine with judging them on their own terms. I should also say that I really enjoyed the Stanley Parable for what it was, especially the first time around.That being said, there's something pretty pretentious and self-indulgent going on here. The Beginner's Guide presents itself as a tour of a series of short, abstract games produced by an introverted friend of the narrator, and the player is left to puzzle over their meaning. The narrator himself leaves very little to interpretation or imagination, steering the conversation and reflection as he sees fit, and it's clear early on that his obsession over interpreting his friend's work is in many ways his own problem. I don't think I'm spoiling much by saying that this is part of the conclusion of the game's meditations, which leaves me asking why the narrator ever put these games together and spoke up in the first place.There are all these themes of self-awareness, validation, success, etc being thrown around. I understand that as much as some of us try to deny it these concerns are big parts of our lives, but without larger implications it just comes off really self-absorbed when it is all there is to the subject. If you're too theatrical about the discussion it just gives the impression that you're enjoying being a tortured, self-conscious artist. Maybe part of it was the writing and voice acting but I just couldn't buy the idea that any of it was sincere (Ironically something the game delves into at some point).I'm getting off point, I'm still very confused by this game so it's hard for me to offer a focussed explanation of how I feel about it.Multiple times I kept thinking that it would've been so much better with sparser or absent narration. The text scattered throughout the levels does more than enough without Davey's ponderous moaning about sincere expression.I should've started this review by saying that the game left me feeling incredibly sympathetic toward ""Coda"", the producer of the games you're led through, the artist whose mind and motivations you spend an hour and a half reflecting on. The narrator recognizes himself as an abusive intruder into this guy's life, even recognizes that his attempt to reconnect by releasing these games which are not his to release is a transgression that makes everything worse. There's  no rule obligating me to be sympathetic to the narrator, and I'm sure Davey expected this turning point to be a revelation, but it wasn't. It just left me relieved that the narrator finally learned a lesson that should've been obvious from the start and shut the hell up. That's another problem, it's not a lesson you learn, even vicariously. It's a lesson he learns, you're just helplessly brought along for the neurotic ride, pinned to a chair and forced to listen to him heavy handidly talk about self discovery.For all that I've said there's something fascinating about a story that concludes that it never should have existed in the first place."
,Not Recommended,303210,18347057,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,agentc0re,Well where to start....because i just.. welll....11/10 would play again
76561198067890981,Not Recommended,303210,18403102,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,jasonmtt,"I bought this game because I really liked the Stanley Parable. However, while there are some similarities between The Beginner's Guide and The Stanley Parable, I think the qualities that made the Stanley Parable so enjoyable are lacking here.First of all, The Beginner's Guide is not a game. It is more of an interactive commentary, in which the narrator guides you through different landscapes (in the form of short, unfinished ""games"" created by a developer) while analyzing the meaning of each game. You are forced to progress in a linear fashion and cannot make any choices, other than minimal dialog choices which have no efffect on the plot progression.In the Stanley Parable, there is replay value in the form of making different choices. In this game, there is not. In addition, I completed The Beginner's Guide from start to finish in under 2 hours of game time.While The Beginner's Guide is unique and interesting in its own right, I would classify it more as a piece of art rather than a game. It's entertaining while it lasts, and will certainly make you think. Also, I'm assuming it's a work of fiction. I won't spoil the story for you but I have to say that the ending left me in an odd mood. If it's a true story, I'm not sure how I feel about it. I think the developer left it open to give it more of an emotional effect on the player.That being said, if you like interactive stories, I think you will enjoy this. But treat it like a cerebral movie rather than a game. And if you're concerned about getting you're money's worth, just remember that you're paying $10 for an hour or so of entertainment with no replay value."
,Not Recommended,303210,18334921,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Soul,"What I expected: The Stanley Parable-esque kinda gameThe Problem: My ignoranceWhat I got: Worry, confusion, deep thoughts, sadness and dissapointment.What the ♥♥♥♥"
76561198007317148,Not Recommended,303210,18382513,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ReferableAcorn,"An incredibly pretentious, painfully short and unsatisfying game. Save yourself the trouble of asking for a Steam refund by not purchasing this piece of garbage. This is in no way comparable to the masterpiece that was the Stanley Parable.Shame on the creators of this disgrace."
,Not Recommended,303210,18390242,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Melvar,Hrmn.... I think this game was lost on me.
,Not Recommended,303210,18443617,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kinan,Going through this person's Koda's levels made me realise one thing. He is a talentless hack and it is a good thing he stopped making games. This game has gotten a refund request.
76561198003161265,Not Recommended,303210,18479599,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Nymm,"A mediocre/decent short emotional story. Wrapped in a pseudo ""game"" format. I would guess the reason it is not a short movie or short story is because it would simply be to bland. Wrapping it into a game format might have seemed like a novel idea, but all it achieved for me is be dissapointed by the complete lack of game when I bought a game on steam.Could have been an interesting story if it didnt have the completely innacurate label of 'game' tagged on."
,Not Recommended,303210,18380068,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CiderPunk]SG[,"I think this game broke my pretentiometer, the needle buried itself on the right of the scale 2 mins in and stayed there for the duration!  it'll probably win loads of awards for the FEELS.Play the stanley parable instead, much better!I want my hour and a half back."
76561198025129395,Recommended,303210,19318199,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Eagleshadow,I loved it!
,Recommended,303210,18330291,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,wiskrause,"This might just be the final singularity, the point where all kinds of visual, audio, and interactive media come together in one beutaful thing. This is not a game, it is not a movie, it is not a piece of art on the wall. It is all three together."
,Recommended,303210,31613540,Posted: 7 May,all,.Reflected.,One of the best narative experiences I have played.I just love this story. A lot of it is so relatable.  The soundtrack is great as well.Personally I think this is better than Stanley Parable!
,Recommended,303210,22096974,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Understanding This Is Just So Nice to do  Very Will Done Game I Must Say Very Noice 11/10
,Not Recommended,303210,24104113,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jason Lee James,"Walking Simulator, Button simulator, Prison Simulator, Puzzle Simulator, Visual Novel about one man begging for another man's Projects, Envioronments, Novelty, Ingenuity and Simulators...don't buy unless you really want to listen davey suck coda's ^ metaphor for an hour."
,Recommended,303210,18286866,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[SWS] TheDark12,"This is probably one of the most important games on Steam. It's not a ""game"" as much as a story; a love letter.You should think about whether you like that kind of thing before you buy it."
,Recommended,303210,24925939,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,caradepepino,"ok, so i know what you´re thinking, ""that price for just an hour?, no replayability?, extra content?"", just believe me when i tell you, i´m not a fan of ""walking sim´s"" but this is really and i mean really a completely diferent experience that you neither  have tried or experienced before, this made me proud of seeing games as a form of art. This is, for me, the closest you´ll get into the mind of an artist, just brilliant."
,Recommended,303210,26720801,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[8thVA] ze,"this was a great game for the 2 hours i played it for and it makes u feel some things u know, but its a little overpriced, still a great game"
,Recommended,303210,18284292,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DevilLordSix,This is not a game but a message. A message that has to get out.
76561198056202322,Not Recommended,303210,25174680,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,giant_creature,"I was surprised by the games interesting narrative, the problem is it's not actually a game it's just a story. I was expecting more interaction and variation similar to the stanley parable. The whole time I was holding forward to drag me through the story."
76561198002785623,Recommended,303210,25433212,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,FλrlOw,"SPOILER***If Coda is a real person, then Davey, you sir are an♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198010164452,Recommended,303210,31327148,Posted: 23 April,all,WarpChicken,I expected a spinoff of stanley parable...Got a good story insted :)
76561198161430990,Recommended,303210,31339044,Posted: 24 April,all,Mad Biker,a nice story with difrent prospective ans sow sad
76561198082714324,Recommended,303210,29131451,Posted: 8 January,all,T.,wtf
,Not Recommended,303210,18494881,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nobody You Know,"You ever watch a movie that you really like up until the finale when it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ That was The Beginner's Guide. The last fiften minutes had me staring at my screen jaw agape, in beween bouts of ""What the ♥♥♥♥, you prick??"". It's still the best movie I've ever played, and miles better than any movie in recent memory, so I consider it a movie ticket price for a piece of amazing art turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥by missing the point entirely. But yet the turnaround was so drastic, I can't help but wonder if this isn't some private wank joke we're not in on."
,Not Recommended,303210,18416523,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Inmost Silence,"First of all: this is not a game. Not by any meaning. The Beginner's Guide is no guide either, except on how to indulge into depression and lies. The problem with the person, who made this is, that he is obviously assuming, that human beings are supposed to be angels that are acting after noble and aware principles. But that's simply not the case. In a way, we are mindles babies crawling across our world. A lot of our rules are questionable but that is no reason to be tortured by those rules. We can ignore or adopt them. And we can excuse the incompletness, the unawareness of our species. The Beginner's Guide seems to only judge the human being for being incomplete - and yes, this is the best way to fall in depression.Maybe this is supposed to be something like a diary or a selftherapy but I guess this won't help other people as much. Dark thoughts sometimes have to be outspoken. But there is a difference between speaking about and celebrating a thought.Indeed I think this experience can be truly dangerous for people with depression.So instead of turning into this misery, just enjoy the beautiful sunrays in the day, drink a warm an charming tea in the evening and take care for yourself. No love from any person can help you, if you don't love yourself.To clarify: The Beginner's Guide is designed brilliantly and really achieves what it tries to (all my respect to Davey Wreden). But what it tries to do is not brilliant."
,Recommended,303210,22769259,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,[FP] OblivionCreator,A brilliant piece of storytelling.The levels all feel interactive and the voice of the narrator makes the entire experience much more enjoyable.Everything I can say from here onwards will de-value the game so: PLAY IT.
,Not Recommended,303210,20285040,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sidney,"Another walking simulator. Tells a weird sad story. Some deep emotional ****, I dunno.It was intense at some points, but eventually got pretty bland.Extremely linear and has glitchy gamepad control.Was gonna refund but...maybe I put too much hope in it, eh.Just not feeling it. It's more like a monologue than a video game."
,Recommended,303210,25355005,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,kflo,"Moving and insightful. Having been a level designer around the same age, I can fully appreciate and understand the relationship dynamic here. The way the story was delivered was quite ingenious; it is unlike any game I have played before. It is a game that asks questions about the gaming community and the relationship between game developers and players without answering most of them. Obviously the experience is open to interpretation, but to methis embodies the struggle that Davey went through and ultimately overcame in his own life, and I am appreciative that he was willing to share such a personal journey publicly."
76561198093602667,Recommended,303210,19894112,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,GreyDog58,#Pray4Coda
76561198129132970,Recommended,303210,20413229,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The Package,"The Beginners Guide is genuinely one of my favorite...things. Because I wouldn't call it a video game. Its much more, and less really, than a video game.ANYONE who creates, be it painting or music or film or dance or game development or anything, should play the Beginners Guide. There is so much to be learned in every second of the this thing that it genuinely baffles me that it hasn't gotten more attention. The game ask a whole lot of questions and starts to feel like a therapy session as it prods and works its way through your mind asking ""Why do we do this?"" ""Is there a point to what we make?"" ""Does there even have to be?""Don't walk into the Beginners Guide expecting a game, because you aren't getting one. You're getting an expierience. I vehemently reccomend it to anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,303210,20423527,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,WVGman-LFT,"Oh my god, this was beautiful as well as heartbreaking. One of the saddest games I've played because of how much it relates to me."
,Recommended,303210,20425142,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CrocoDeath,"About the trailer video above: Just like Hotline Miami's trailer made the game look like a frantic run'n'gun whereas it's actually a slow-paced stealth game, this game doesn't send you looking for clues on someone's computer. Do not expect a luxurious point'n'click with thousands of files to click on.That being said, damn is this game great. It's a fantastic voyage between the lines of someone's work. This game is like nothing I've played before. It's a truly unique and amazing experience. I couldn't really say more without spoiling it, really.The graphics are okay (lighting effects are a bit lacking), music and sound effects are very good, the text is delightful. There are a few bugs (the game crashed three times at seemingly random points) but it's not game-breaking.It's rather short, I think you can finish in two hours maybe less. And the replayability is... well just about the same as a good movie's. It's up to you really.I just got a tiny bit disappointed when the narrator started cracking jokes about the Source engine but made no mention of Half-Life whatsoever. Other than that, flawless.It's really got me hungry for more. I hope there will be a sequel sooner or later.I usually end my reviews by grading the game out of ten but this is so different than anything I've ever played before that I really wouldn't know how to grade it. Just... just play it. It's worth it. Trust me."
,Recommended,303210,20432495,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,I was murdered,I feel like an absloute wretch
76561198030309386,Recommended,303210,20413520,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sage,"The Beginner's Guide is more a piece of narrative art than a game. It takes you through a series of source-engine made levels while the narrator talks about his relations with the ""game's author"" named ""Coda"". The game invites the player to think about human pitfalls, mostly regarding the compulsive need for self validation. It can be a tiny bit deppressing towards the end, but still thought provoking. In contrast to the Stanley's Parabol, which has a funny and curious approach to narrative gaming, the Beginner's Guide is much more serious. Also, unlike the Stanley's Parabol, the Beginners Guide does not seem to encourage free roaming, and opts to give you a single, hard set path with a single outcome.If you're into thought provoking narrative games though, this is a game worth trying.10 / 10Worth it."
,Recommended,303210,20431798,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,anta,"This game. It's making me realize so much about myself and possibly about others. This game is amazing and I will tell whoever I can about this. It's hard to come up with words to describe it, it's just so amazing. I just closed the game after my first playthrough. I just hope others can see the beauty of this game."
76561198175500463,Recommended,303210,19811841,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ShrekSnake,Want to be changed? What to cry in-side? well this is the game for you!
,Recommended,303210,20429508,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Doge,"This is not a game for those who are not familiar with it but it is an experience. A story. A well prepared, beautifully narrated story. This game is something that you will have a hard time forgetting. It actually touches you. You get to see how deep and teaching games can be, you get to know a person by his games. 10/10(Dem feels)"
,Recommended,303210,21120471,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,dznz,"Mmm. Not much to say about this, other than it's an experience."
76561197970481206,Not Recommended,303210,21862616,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,your mom,"I loved The Stanley Parable, but The Beginner's Guide was self-indulgent and terminally boring. At several points I resorted to looking at my phone and holding the forward key down as I walked down yet another long, long hallway just to see if something interesting might happen. Spoiler: nothing interesting happens."
,Not Recommended,303210,19353473,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,bloter6,This game did not have windows that you could click.  It made me sad.  I wanted to play windows in steam.  In windows.  Joey says that what I want is Windows XP.  Joey knows things like this.
76561197967018034,Not Recommended,303210,19355238,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Steve,So pretentious it hurts.
76561198020577995,Recommended,303210,18298267,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheFilthyCasual,"I'll make this short and sweet.All the people saying this is egotistical hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t are basically saying the equivalent of ""I'm not going to buy a Salvador Dali painting because I don't care about Salvador Dali, and all his paintings are about him"". Yes, like many abstract paintings this is a personal game about its own creator - the point is to find out about him and connect with him, through the work he's showing you. If you can't do that, if you want him to create something for YOU, to entertain YOU, then sure, don't buy this. This isn't the roof of the Sistene Chapel, it wasn't made specifically for your entertainment.This is a Jackson Pollock. And that sounds mighty intriguing to me."
,Recommended,303210,19757916,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,J. Wolf,"If any of you know me, then you know how I am emotionally, and mentally. This game was an emotional bomb-shell, and come the last 'game', I lost it. I had to pause my stream due to an emotional interruption. It's an amazing story, and touching... I will recommend this to anybody and everybody who has anything 'creative' in them."
76561198091132763,Recommended,303210,20319053,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jzigzags,"I won't give you an interpretation, because that would spoil too much for you. Instead, I'll say this. The game is VERY deep. I believe it's better as a personal expirience, than a ""let's play"" commentary video.Also, I've gone through the whole game, with a lot of creepy atmospheres and maps, yet no legitimate jumpscares. Rest assured there. =)"
76561198118946746,Recommended,303210,18331456,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,"BaconBap | Just ""Tim""",Verry intresting storyline . I'll say not more . Just buy it .
76561197975627732,Not Recommended,303210,19799522,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,crawdaddy029,"I loved ""The Stanley Parable"" it was not much of a game but more of an interactive story which is different from both other games and books even though it's pretty mmuch a combination of the 2 with a lot of added satire to discover.I can't for the life of me able to put my 10$ to justificastion after I purchased ""The beginner's guide'.It was the same interactive story as ""TSP"" but it was a linear game with no twists or any other discoveries. It's just a cry baby whining about being an asshat and not minding his business and continuing to do so by releasing the game after being told to cease."
,Recommended,303210,20482441,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,TaK1138,This game follows the sad descent of Mr. Gabe L. Newell. If only we hadn't pushed for HL3 so hard...
,Not Recommended,303210,29369709,Posted: 19 January,all,ARKFLASH,The Ending is all wrong.
,Not Recommended,303210,19824281,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MarkiPoli,As said in the gameWierdness for wierdness sakeToo meta for me
,Recommended,303210,20413760,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Brym,"By far the best ""walking simulator"" that I've played."
,Recommended,303210,21122782,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Skymea,You need to play this.
,Recommended,303210,21123637,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,jackscape,what
,Recommended,303210,20556462,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sherlockian6,
,Recommended,303210,20484363,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,spec -Q- lation,I reccomened the hell out of this game / film... just dont look up anything about it until you've played
,Recommended,303210,18282783,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Skygen,"There is nothing I can say here that will change your mind about this game. I don't know what I was expecting when I bought it. Maybe something funny like the stanley parable. Maybe a good action story or a hearty puzziler. I don't know.I feel humbled.Don't just watch the game on youtube. it won't do it justice. Just... set a couple hours to sit down, and just listen.Listen."
76561198030864926,Recommended,303210,23466348,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uty,"best ""not a game"" ever. Full-heartedly recommending it"
,Not Recommended,303210,22545765,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sakura_Lover,"this ""game"" is aids for the soul"
,Recommended,303210,18404972,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SlyNic,"The Beginner's Guide, Guide's players through a struggling developer's psyche, as conveyed through a series of abstract game levels. Filling your head with questions that have no easy answers, The Beginner's Guide is confusing, thought-provoking, and unlike anything you've ever played.The Beginner's Guide is an occasionally gut-punching examination into the mind of a game developer.There is nothing else I want too add. Go and eperience this..."
76561198081662920,Recommended,303210,18386793,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CdrCanteets,I don't know what's going on in this game. But if it's what I think it is? I'm just gonna say play it. It's about the same price as a pint. Buy the guy a pint.
,Recommended,303210,18376312,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,I like to sniff dryer sheets,No words... I just finished it and I cant think of anything to say. Just but it... thats all
,Recommended,303210,18721889,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,checker_guy,What?
,Recommended,303210,18396967,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,CF | iphone_xpensive,Simply beautiful.
76561197979696437,Not Recommended,303210,22639499,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,joralg,"Expecting more insite into games and how we interact with them like The Stanley Parable, got something more like a PSA on the dangers of armchair psychiatry."
,Recommended,303210,22848480,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Winged Ferrets,"This game is amazing. It might not have the longest playtime, but its worth it. If you don't have a lot of money, I wouldn't get it however. 10$ is quite a bit for a game that lasts about an hour, but it makes you think. I don't regret these 10$ at all. not one bit."
,Recommended,303210,22849696,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BSG_APOLLO_,good game and story
76561198195418734,Recommended,303210,22855747,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Destiny Greenhill,This game will realy make you think about life
76561198093014461,Recommended,303210,22859859,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bassmatrix,Weird game but really enjoyed how the story unfolded.
,Recommended,303210,22870212,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Xezo,"This game is a really profound experience.If you've delt with, or are dealing with, social anxiety, this game is for you.The pacing is well thought out, and at no point do you feel bored."
,Recommended,303210,22889464,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PrKr7366,"This creative, and narrative driven interactive experience is like nothing else out there.  The game sets to discover if you could really get to know someone through their art, or are those interpretations of thier work merely a reflection of your own anxieties and hangups?  Its a emotional and unique ""interactive documentary"" and is absolutely worth the 90 minutes or so of game time it provides.  A must play for gamers looking for something a bit different and thought-provoking."
,Recommended,303210,21678177,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Matt,"Words cannot describe how much I adore this game.The Beginner's Guide is designed by Davey Wreden, of Stanley Parable fame. You, as a voiceless protagonist, play through a series of games designed by Davey's 'friend' Coda, while Davey describes his relation with the developer.Let me start this review off by saying that The Stanley Parable is my favorite game of all time. I love every aspect of TSP from the design to the voice acting. That said, The Beginner's Guide gives TSP a run for its' money..TBG is a visually inventive game. The colors and graphics are top-notch, and I found myself fully immersed graphically.  If that isn't high enough praise, I found the story to be even better. The emotional weight and intensity every new game you enter creates an aura of longing and excitement.Considering The Beginner's Guide is so short, (you can finish it in about 75-90 minutes) you would want the story to be focal point. Throughout the game, the narrator is constantly dumping exposition and information on you, as if he doesn't know you're there at some points. It's like hearing one side of a conversation.That said, I would consider The Beginner's Guide more of an experience than a game. Similar to TSP, it explores the themes of choice and change. But think of it this way.If you go down to your local cinema at night, you'd pay ~9 dollars for a movie ticket. The Beginner's Guide is roughly the price of a movie ticket, and this is a damn good movie.I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,303210,24463641,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,✪ nvsty lil gxblin,"Can't explain, just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18385539,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,oh my gosha,This game is inspirational it goes so far into someones feelings and mindset it just makes you want to meet 'Coda'.Davey I sincerely hope Coda sees and plays this game or watches someone playing and talks to you again. These games and levels are  amazing. I love that you made this compilation of your one frieds genius work.
,Recommended,303210,24712764,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,LordofKonrad,"If you thought The Stanley Parable was meta, well... This game is SUPER meta. Incredibly emotional with loads of room for interpretation. Depending on how much you read into this game, you will either shrug or cry your eyes out. Or something in between. I recommend this game for those who are looking for experimental, emotional and innovational games."
76561198078572155,Recommended,303210,18373660,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Obunga De'Kenji,I want to throw away the insignificant things in life.I want to create but I feel unable.I want to run away.I want to be able.But I can't.
76561198110311258,Recommended,303210,19748694,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,NattyReverseesreveRyttaN,An amazing game telling an amazing real life story. I just hope your goal was reached.
76561198354369143,Recommended,303210,28857126,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mjdunbar,"I cn honestly say I have no idea what this game was....but in a weird way, it's inspiring. In it's own way."
,Recommended,303210,26429488,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DesChamos,"Stop reading, just play it."
76561198109088772,Recommended,303210,25021013,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Thatguyujustmet,"Do not read reviews... Do not do any research, just buy the game.[Edit] Although this review is true, I must warn.  I did not think this game was worth $10... there is simply not enough content for that.  However, after getting my refund long ago, I just noticed that this game was on sale in the store.  Simply because the game is worth the $4 I spent on it this time, I bought it.  Seriously, this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,303210,32998472,Posted: 29 June,all,chunky8bit,wait why are my eyes wet
,Recommended,303210,27613789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,modern gucci man,Just buy it. Don't watch/read any spoilers. That would ruin it. Just trust me to know it's worth the money.
76561198034607783,Not Recommended,303210,19887043,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Magnificent,"Game is a ripoff. Just the narrator trying to tell his gay little story about the developer of the game you WERE playing, but it's all artsy fartsy and♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Pretty bad. Also, Davey, get help. Your obsession is starting to reach critical severity. Sharing the tower game was a huge breach of privacy with the email. All I got out of this was that you are a crazy stalker and need help. 8/10 for Map design, 0/10 for narrative, 2/10 effort for Davey."
76561197996637416,Recommended,303210,19176554,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ViRiX Dreamcore,I honestly wish this game was on consoles so that they could experience this.  It really is truly thought provoking.
,Recommended,303210,33193105,Posted: 3 July,all,|TG-Irr| Aufklarer,"Uncomfortable. I sort of just wanted it to end, but in a good way?A bit full of itself, a bit pretentious, I think that was the point. A very artsy way of self-navigating and character building with no real besides calling up emotional connections. Not a long game, it ends just a little bit after you sort of want it to end which means the pacing was quite brilliant.Overall a 7/10 piece of artwork. Buy it if it's on sale."
76561198063920595,Recommended,303210,33229581,Posted: 4 July,all,Egres122,"Yes I purchased it because Errant Signal mentioned it. Of course the story portrayed in it isn't true, but the narrative shown here is interesting to experience once or twice. And by golly the scandal if any of it was true."
,Recommended,303210,21410541,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lunora,Its... well.. how to explain.. more like.. good thing.. or bad.. how to say.. its made for good purposes but also made for interesting ideas..Would you play it-yesWould you buy this-maybeIs price/gameplay good-nobuy this if you're into something deep-thinking gameplays. I like it.
,Recommended,303210,27416334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hockeyjohn5,"Wow, Just wow if you haven't played this and you're looking for a game that will make you think about life and just really feel something this game is for you! Got stoned and loved it 10/10"
76561198235161144,Recommended,303210,21860242,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TheMoniker1,"This game was a rollercoaster for me. Little gameplay to speak of, but the story is 100% worth it. There isn't much I can say without spoiling things-and trust me, you don't want spoilers."
,Recommended,303210,33402225,Posted: 9 July,all,agueraboy,It's very good
,Recommended,303210,19923409,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Steele,"If you can relate to the ending, then this game was too late for you. In fact, this ending for me; it's what drove me to the game. If you can completely relate to the story, and the emotions of the narrator, what he's feeling, and what happened to him, prevent it from happening to yourself. This game teaches a lesson. A strong one. Leearn it, live it, and cherish it, because had I known this lesson a week ago, my life would be a completely different story."
,Recommended,303210,20159814,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,unusualGuy,ok
,Recommended,303210,32695570,Posted: 23 June,all,Waaz,waow.......
76561197971649042,Recommended,303210,33186907,Posted: 3 July,all,Just Me ♥,"Davey makes money out of someone elses suffering, now I feel kinda sickened for playing this."
76561198094429321,Recommended,303210,20534391,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Death,"Well, there's another game that made me emotional. It gave me an existencial crisis and made me cry in less than two hours.10/10 would loose my♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,303210,20887932,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,PickledDog,"Highly recommended. If you're a fan of narration-driven games, this one is a treat. If you ever had that English teacher who insisted on overanalyzing everything, this will warm your heart. Sometimes, things just are what they are..."
,Not Recommended,303210,20835773,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The Fat Pika,"I would not say this game sucks, it's just plain boring. All you do is play incomplete game for 30 minutes, I like the free game like Stanley Parable, it's more funny and less boring, and even though its like 10 minutes, it's free and less boring. I expected something like Stanley Parable, with comedy effects, forth wall, and multiple endings, but not just some boring game where all you do is play incomplete games. I guess if you want to play a compilation of incomplete games it'll be fine. I would not even care if it was not like Stanley Parable, just brighten it up, it made me quit the game for 15 minutes."
76561197970307166,Not Recommended,303210,20845657,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mindy,"Loved The Stanley Parable, couldn't love this. If you don't identify with the narrator and you don't believe there's a deep and meaningful subtext to the story (I didn't) you won't enjoy it."
76561198043866928,Not Recommended,303210,20882294,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,McGwinner,"I almost never review games, but when I do, I like to give myself a bit of a breather before I review them. I'm making an exception for this monumentally pretentious, exploitative, pathetic game. There are spoilers in the sense that I discuss what is in the game, but it potentially doesn't matter in the face of theories that the non-fiction elements of this game are actually made up.The Beginner's Guide follows Davey Wreden, the creator of ""The Stanley Parable"", as he shows the player games made by a friend of his whom he calls ""Coda"". Coda makes these games just for him and his close friends, and Wreden argues that these abstract games are often allegories for Coda's life, a life which Wreden believes is in a downward spiral. The ""plot"", as it were, eventually becomes Coda becoming estranged from Wreden after Wreden secretly leaks his games on the internet, opening Coda's personal outlet to strangers without Coda's permission. The game takes about an hour to beat, and only asks that the player do as they're told; I don't have a problem with this in the context of this kind of abstract game. Wreden narrates the game in a corny, forced emotional tone that starts sincerely and becomes cringe-worthy near the end of the game.So where does the game go wrong? Well, where does it go right? It's a game that initially claims to be about Coda, and it's meant to reveal to us how his emotions are reflected in his work, and how his game design translated to artistry. Pretty neat, right?It is... for a while. When Wreden's betrayal of Coda is revealed, the game immediately stops being about Coda and begins being about Wreden. Wreden describes how his betrayal is part of his depression, his brokenness, and his need for validation. He reveals all this via his soapy narration, and the game gets a insincere confessional tone to it. Wreden paints himself as ""the broken artist"", and seems to forget about his friend that this game was meant to apologize to. Let's put aside the fact that Wreden's way of apologizing to Coda for distributing his games is by once again distributing his games, but this time on Steam with monetization.The best description for what this feels like for the player is the sense of having been deceived. The game presents itself as a selfless, curious look into the mind of an abstract game designer. As the game moves on, Wreden's tone becomes more and more condescending and judgmental of Coda. Wreden whines about how he failed Coda, as if Coda was a child that needed Wreden's approval. He describes his guilt for marketing Coda's games as those of a depressed and broken man, while doing the same thing in The Beginner's Guide. Eventually Wreden leaves the subject of Coda altogether, and instead plays the victim, detailing his own sob-story of insecurity and failure.The Beginner's Guide suckers players with a sense of innocence and altruism; it suggests Wreden's aim is to allow players to connect to Coda, ideally allowing him to create games again. In reality, it's simply a foot in the door for Wreden's pathetic, pretentious soliluquoy about his own demons. Many speculate that the character of Coda is not even real, and is a manifestation of Wreden's dark creativity. Even more reason why this game is a manipulative dupe, allowing Wreden to stroke his own ego.I feel stupid for having played this game at all. I will not be buying Davey Wreden's games in the future."
,Recommended,303210,18391245,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,vbucc,Yes
,Recommended,303210,20711032,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bespoke™,"I don't now whether the story was real or just made to ♥♥♥♥ with us*, but I genuinely enjoyed it.Very short, so I'd recommend buying it on sale or just complete it and refund it.*It costs money and from creator of Stanley Parable"
,Recommended,303210,20731433,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Stx,This is a very sad but eye opening game honestly I prefer games with a variety of gameplay but this kept me interested the whole time and I won't be suprised if I go back to it again and again
,Recommended,303210,18317605,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jam,Oh.
,Recommended,303210,20401124,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,It's Devvo Mate,Way more emotional and compelling than I could possibly imagine.9/10 - Gameplay10/10 - Soundtrack
,Recommended,303210,19334388,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mr KakaPopoLoch,i love this game
,Recommended,303210,20514149,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Ian7.j2,"This game left me speechless, and on the verge of tears several times. Not because of the touching story. But what it did to me. How it made me feel. This kind of stuff is the reason I game. Buy it at full price. It's worth so much more than $10 if you take it seriously."
,Recommended,303210,19500530,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Misa,Just play it.
76561198030848268,Not Recommended,303210,19985845,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,superbone16,"Well, I was afraid this would happen. I didn't enjoy the game. I can't stop thinking about it, however. Maybe that was the point? Maybe its personal, as the narrator reminds me of a close friend I once had. Maybe he'd like it!  That being said, whether it's a true story or not(I know, doesn't matter), I just found it boring and I'm kind of mad I spent money on it."
,Recommended,303210,18309202,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Xeans,"This game is more than a worthy successor toThe Stanley Parableand touches on a lot more. Don't hesitate to play it, and whatever you do don't break up the play session. Go through it in one sitting."
,Recommended,303210,20463427,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,Just think of it as traveling to different games that a person made a long time ago.
,Recommended,303210,19654876,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,YoungBrett,The Beginner's Guide uses the medium (video games) to tell a unique and compelling story that could not be told elsewhere.
,Recommended,303210,19655549,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TheHKX,"I would love to write an analysis of this, dysecting the people's motivations and dive into their psyche as I play through the various chapters of the game, questioning design choices on the artistic and mechanic level.But I think I would have missen the point of it then...Well, play it for yourselves!This game is very light on the gameplay mechanics and feels more like a lecture or a guide through an art(video games) gallery than an actual ""game"" - whatever that's supposed to mean anyway?What this game is though is an experience, much like the Stanley Parable back in the day. So, wheather you're into arty-farty games or Stanley Parable-esque meta-narratives, go for this game. Go for it even if you hate video games, give this to your grandma to play!Either way, if you stick with it's 1-2h run, it'll definitively be worth your money/time/thought."
,Recommended,303210,19679870,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Othyn,Play it. Simply play it and see.
76561198018474955,Recommended,303210,19662812,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Grayson,A great experience
76561198104972366,Recommended,303210,18328432,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ebola,One of the best games I have ever played..
,Recommended,303210,18329624,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rouge,nice
,Recommended,303210,18329681,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Watlandser,"I don't think i can put words on it.this is a game that realy made me think (and made me realy confused)I have not played many sad games, but it is the only game that have made me cry. (Feel kinda embarrassed about that)I love the games way of telling the story and it will probably make you go through the whole game in a sitting.Conclusion: I love the game and hope you play it as well."
76561197996026362,Recommended,303210,23162365,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,hegel5000,"That was certainly a feels trip.  I was holding back tears pretty much the whole time.It's barely a videogame, as it says in the description.  Think of it as a This American Life episode with some walking."
,Recommended,303210,23251476,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Cringey Ikari,These games were all great!  I hope Coda makes another game soon!
,Not Recommended,303210,23962166,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,famousj6,"I wish desperately that I could get my time and money back. I have ZERO interest in paying for another man's catharsis. Someone please tell me that all the money from this ""game"" has gone to a worthy cause. Please?"
,Recommended,303210,25358810,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,mocomaco,Bruh its so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,303210,28717635,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Masked Riddler,"Awesomely moving, and leaving the question of what are we driven by, and is it good for us? Not sure if it's a true story, a meta-parable, but a stunning ride, nonetheless - teaching not just *how* to create games, but *why*. A perfect complement to Stanley."
,Recommended,303210,28720599,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,∱orster82 | P90 Only,The emotions... I cried...
76561198165417777,Recommended,303210,28684116,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,i have crippling autism,play this.
76561198292879070,Recommended,303210,28202010,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mikhailovich,"Just play it.Dedicate time to it, and be serious.Don't ask any questions. Just put it in your cart, or pirate it first, your choice.This is worth your time, I promise."
,Recommended,303210,20163330,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MickeyUSA,this game is personal.
,Recommended,303210,28717380,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bepis,"This game to me is what i consider a representation of art expressed in video games, which at first glance seem not to be able to convey such a strong message. I invite you to experience a whole new take on expressing art."
,Recommended,303210,27604032,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Naraskae,"Creative existentialism at it's best. Burned through it in a single setting, there's almost no replayablity...except to relive the amazing experience all over again."
76561198294456501,Not Recommended,303210,28750699,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,vlad76,"This game reminded me of a quote from Dr. Ben Sobel, in Analyze This: ""I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that this friend of yours, is you.""Except in this case, it is much less funny.In fact, at a certain point, the game becomes quite unsettling and a little creepy.I actually felt sorry for Davey Wreden in this “game”. But then I remembered that I actually paid money for this, and spent two hours of my time, just to listen to the developer ♥♥♥♥♥ about his schizophrenia, and about how his career sucks and how he wants to metaphorically kill himself.Invariably, players will compare this to Davey's first game, The Stanley Parable, and invariably they will feel disappointed.Overall, I can’t really recommend this game. If it were free, maybe. But as it is, it’s hard to justify paying anything for this."
76561198040653599,Recommended,303210,19303867,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jeanette,Profoundly affected me. 10/10 would weep again.
,Recommended,303210,20417762,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Trotxig,"Bizarre yet beautiful. It's as much an exploration of the game designer as it is game design. This game (more a walking simulator showcasing games, if you could call them actual games) is well worth it if you enjoyed the Stanley Parable and wondered what sorts of things were going through the mind of the creator of that game. The Beginner's Guide only takes around 2 hours to complete however (but they are 2 hours well spent), so keep that in mind when deciding on whether to buy.9.5/10."
,Not Recommended,303210,19235558,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,compmanben,I very much enjoyed The Stanley Parable. This game is no good though. It tells a story between two friends that is really not that interesting and has no real conclusion.
76561198109891900,Recommended,303210,19904403,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nooterinu,"Holy crap talk about a plot twist. this game will screw with you. legit this is the most times ive cried during a videogame and this pulls on the heart strings more than you can imagine. wow. i found myself saying why am i crying or at random times tears would roll down. you jump to one conclustion just to be jettid into another. and what you discover is the most heart breaking thing i could think of it hurt. it hurt bad. im going to bed because i fell like if i played another game it wouldnt satisfy me. i want to hear davys voice. i want to know what hes going thru. his revelation is amazing and what you think is wrong isnt and oh man idk this is some weird stuffwhen i first started to play i thought that it was going to be like the stanly parable which was find out everything. but it wasnt. totaly linear no achevements nothing it was just amazing it messed with me, probably more than it should have but hey, it was on sale and definetaly the best money you can pay for a memorable experience. i want to see more of your works its simply satisfying.long story short. great game. you need it. it will unlock a new part of you. 10/10 best game ever!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,303210,28885754,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dainius14,"This game... This ""game""... it's hard to say is a game at all. It's more like a narrative or a psychedelic movie in which you are the character itself.. Sort of?My first minutes in the game were ""the hell did I just buy"" and I was about to close it, but then it hit me. I can't say what it was that made me finish this, as any words about the game would spoil it. And there's nothing else to speak about it apart from the story, because the mechanics are as simple as they can get - you walk around. listen and, most importantly, you think. Part of the game is to think it through at every step. Not part, probably the whole game.This is far away from anything you would pick up to chill out. This is, I dare to say, similar to a book. It may last only an hour a half, but I think it's worth every penny, although I would understand why some people might not find the appeal with this game and would consider it a waste. Probably it's best to try it for yourself to get a taste of something completely different from your everyday game and everyday life. After all, you can get a refund even after completing it, if you don't like it."
,Recommended,303210,20150299,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,henlo,So there's a fuss because of video games.I just spoiled the entire storyline.
,Not Recommended,303210,20176750,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BergOcean,Walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
76561198058853574,Recommended,303210,18337623,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Amr2015,Powerful
,Recommended,303210,18337544,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Luna Tick,"This game confused me, astounded me, made me laugh and broke my heart. All in the span of a couple of hours.I am impressed.It managed to make me feel legitimately unomfortable in some parts, and left me feeling physically sick at the end. If nothing else, it's memorable as hell. A step forward for narrative experiences in my opinion."
,Recommended,303210,18337572,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SmallChange,Brilliant insight into the mind of a psycopath
,Not Recommended,303210,22172385,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mathayas,Felt like i had paid for a guys therapy.
,Recommended,303210,18433099,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,benji,That ending hit me right in the feels. :(I hope you and Coda meet once again.
,Recommended,303210,26446461,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pimp,Would recommend shrooms before playing for full experience
76561198025354235,Recommended,303210,29857616,Posted: 11 February,all,aqm,It's amazing
76561198239623230,Recommended,303210,18680766,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ultgamerCW,this game tells a story about a man who made games for years and stoped makeing them. i wont say why. this is a grait game for people who love story . if you are into games that give emotion then it's worth a play
,Not Recommended,303210,20356380,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Byxorna,"What could be more fun than having someone read their mopey, complainey diary to you? Wheee!Don't waste your time."
76561198114744445,Recommended,303210,23902523,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kh40tiC,"This Game has left me with more Questions then Answers.Good Questions, Selfreflecting Questions.This Game touches the Bottom of a Heart and takes it on a Travel throughso much Struggle against One's Inner Self.I still am unable to give any Clear Thoughts about this, my Mind still is working on this ... I actually rather not call it a Game.Because it's just so much more. THIS is Art, this is phylosophical, this is All but yet Nothing.An Experience everyone should make.You gotta be open to those Kinds of Thoughts, you gotta give in to the Feelings and the Pain.And then you'll find a Treasure in this Piece, a Treasure of Mind. A little Piece of Wisdom.I hope there will be more Games, so deep, so touching like this.Loved it... and hated it!"
,Recommended,303210,20334621,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Princess Soviey~💙,Absolutly mindblowing. The story of this game makes you think about life and people around you.
,Recommended,303210,18359786,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Istanbul,This game is beautifulthe game is a good short game to grab when you are bored
76561198032652169,Not Recommended,303210,26505713,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Shagar,"Liner story with no challenge at all.  All you do is listen to dialog.  Not only is this depressing, I see no reason to even play it at all."
76561198050286119,Recommended,303210,29775619,Posted: 7 February,all,Drummer122008,Impossible to put into words.
76561198353872137,Recommended,303210,28845156,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,a.brachmaier,"Really good ""game"" , I  highly  recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,28718692,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ne0,Very enlightening experience.
,Recommended,303210,28727147,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ȝʆ ﮖᵱاᶏᵻᵻᶒᴙ,"Best game ever, You need to play it till the very end. it will blow your mind. xd"
76561198151273518,Recommended,303210,26203543,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hentai Haavard,Truly a masterpieceFunny howThe game reminds me of myselfand the answers just fall in placeas if i made this masterpiece of a gamemyself.This game changed my point of viewon life.whenever I feel aloneI will go back to this game.
76561198088822167,Not Recommended,303210,31401606,Posted: 27 April,all,ylyon84,I would not call this a game and it lasts less than 2 hours...
,Recommended,303210,20440507,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ElSenior,"I'm not sure how to feel about this game.as a game it lacks greatly, but that was not the point of  the game.as a story it was very good. it wasnt SUPERB but it said what it needed to say and that was it.i also dont know if the story was real or fake (i didnt bother to look online) but if it was real, that guy is a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.8/10"
76561198049266489,Recommended,303210,18286611,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jamie Thompson,This is art. An amazing emotional involving story that can not be described. It needs to be felt.
76561198028930386,Recommended,303210,18346223,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Profoundsoup,100% worth it for for $10. Really unique and powerful game.
,Not Recommended,303210,26552835,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,areibold,"What an incredible waste of 79 minutes. You literally just walk through really crappy environments with almost no interaction while the narrorator puts on some fake-sounding emotion telling a who-knows-if-this-is-even-true sob tale about a friend of his who made, lets be honest, really bad games. Then he plagiaraized or stole all the games and showed you how bad they were. Wow. Waste of money. Waste of life."
76561197979978686,Not Recommended,303210,29369414,Posted: 19 January,all,Meatball,"Congratulations on your win nothing victory is what this game should have splashed across the final screen. Prior to purchasing, I read many reviews saying how deep or philosophical this game was. Bull, it's nothing more then walking from point A to point B and occasionally pointlessly interacting with something that the narrator tries to give meaning to but ultimately only serves to get you to point B. I wanted to like this 'game' as I really liked Stanley Parable and I will admit some of the areas were beautiful or at least intriguing. But whereas Stanley had the fun of thwarting the narrator and ultimately gave you the feeling that you do have some control over your destiny, Beginner's Guide is just dull and depressing with no humor and no control over how it unfolds. If I want to be depressed, I'll read the news. If I want to have a story with a lack of control over how things end up, I'll read a book. I play games to escape the dismal things in the world around me and hopefully through my actions leave the game world a better place when I'm done solving its riddles/killing the aliens/saving it from demon infestation. Maybe depressing pointlessness is the point of this game? I could have experienced that for free. Is it somehow deep or philisophical? Not really and I didn't give it a moments thought after I finished it other then to write this reveiw. Installed, played, beaten and deleted in 2 hours. What a waste of time and money. If I wanted to walk around while someone talked to me I would listen to an ebook and walk through the park and be ten dollars richer and better entertained."
,Not Recommended,303210,23943328,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,christkebab,"As a few people pointed out, this ""game"" isn't really a game. It's just a story. And honestly not that compelling of one. I struggled to finish it, and mostly did hoping that it wasn't as predictable as I'd started to fear about an hour into it. Unfortunately the ending matched the forced poorly done narration where you were basically told how how to feel right up until the end where the ""twist"" happened. I loved the Stanley Parable, but this ""game"" was not for me."
,Recommended,303210,18354714,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,RIT Soopy,This game is art.
,Not Recommended,303210,28542143,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Johaen,"Interesting game.Not that entertaining, actually a disappointment after playing the stanley parable.Expected more.At current pricetag (4,49€ with -50%) - would not recommend."
76561198066099542,Recommended,303210,18283797,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zarf,This is the most powerful and moving game I have ever played in my 20+ years of gaming. It's goes beyond just being a video game and truly becomes art.
76561198059998847,Recommended,303210,18308226,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,AESTHETICA,A deeply touching experience.
,Recommended,303210,20169829,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zekybomb,"If you want a game that relies on your quick wits and reflexes, step away frokm the key board now.But if you want a game that will leave you speachless, and confused, and wanting more, get ready for the begginers guide.In the beggining it seema all happy and nice but by the end it leaves you almost in tears. the narration has turned from some one who is showing the works of a friend for mutual admiration, to that of a lost friend who desperatly wants only to be forgiven....I will not lie, i almost cried...I can't recomend this game enough!"
,Recommended,303210,20807478,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Vapor Strike,"I know this sounds really. . . overstated and exaggerated. . . But I really honestly think this is the best story driven game of 2015. It really cuts deep and it's a game that I feel everyone should experience. I have never really been given goosebumps by a story in a game but this has seriously affected. I can honestly say it's my favorite game storyline from 2015. It's really proof that a game can be art.I highly recommend that if you can spare it to buy a copy of this game and just play it, it's short but really I think it's well worth it. It's about the same price as a movie ticket but SUCH A BETTER EXPERIENCE.(P.S. This completely deserves a steam award.)"
76561198010175542,Recommended,303210,20816369,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dat_Booty,"Unbelievable game. At many times i felt a personal connection with the story of Coda, possibly why i enjoyed it so much. Seemed very relatable , almost to a point of being too coincidental. Gives a new perspective on deliberate isolation, from the outside looking in for once. Absolutely reccomend that everyone plays this game and takes something from it. It's a fantastic story which, sadly, is all too real."
,Recommended,303210,20792844,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bjamse,This is the best choise i have ever made to buy!!!I am speechless...Ineed to talk to someone about this!!
,Recommended,303210,20814984,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,moosjuice,Really interesting take on games being from the vision of what a game should be.
,Recommended,303210,20793131,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,A masterpiece.
76561198030461253,Recommended,303210,20798645,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Creepy TomB,"Storytelling is not particularly elegant, as it relies on voiceover, which, in this level of excess, is a crutch. Game itself does, however, present something worth thinking about. After finishing the game, you'll probably have to put aside a moment for contemplation."
,Recommended,303210,20808126,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RapJazSka,"An odd game, one very much recomened for anyone that has struggled as a creator. It's one that I come back to play and look the at the game from a different angle. It's very light on gameplay and dialogue heavy, but it doesn't make this game any less. It's not a game that one pegs down right after they're done."
,Recommended,303210,20811045,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,-DI- MrJigglyBum,"there is a cool idea behind this, though the game in  gp and replayability is very low. it's just an imalgimation of mini levels, and audio narrative. it isn't really about game design. it's about a.. you know what you try it out and see for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,20818682,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Vinter,"profoundly ""Fill in the Blank"""
76561198081756575,Recommended,303210,20175417,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,yurixmoos,"Dear Davey,You have not failed! Your efforts and carring helped at least one person, me. All I needed to hear right now is that every thing is going to be ok... Thank you, Coda. Thank you, Davey. Thank you for going into the beam so that I don't have to...PS-Must play for devs of all sorts."
76561198288426390,Recommended,303210,30236332,Posted: 28 February,all,Toxon Palatine,I'm speechless.
,Recommended,303210,30263984,Posted: 1 March,all,The Grey Sibling,.
,Not Recommended,303210,33612012,Posted: 17 July,all,Citra,"An interesting experience, the narrative requires a fair amount of suspension of disbelief to get behind the ending.I would say its worth a look but I wouldn't give a full reccomendation, compared to The Stanley Parable and other walking simulatior games it's missing something, the trailer makes it seem more interactive than it actually is, in reality you are placed directly in the games by the narrator who talks you through them whilst making minor edits to the games so that they can be completed. Rather than a free form character exploration that it appears to be from the trailer."
,Recommended,303210,18298116,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Raymond de Saint-Gilles,It tells a very compelling story and makes you think.
,Recommended,303210,18286946,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shivoa,"If you’re curious about the toll of labour to create games, if you're a fan who likes to take ownership of what they consume, if you're a creator who struggles with balancing the aspects of your art, if you once explored with Build or Worldcraft: play this game.Read more"
,Not Recommended,303210,20734246,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lee Ann Lesbian Succubus,Felt contrived and lame. Wanted to be powerfull and fell flat for me.
,Recommended,303210,28761629,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MrCinimini,"I've wanted to play this game for something like a year. I didn't really know what to expect, but what I got was one of the most creative and inspiring singleplayer experiences I have encountered. But after less than 90 min, it's all over and you're unlikely to play it again for a long time, since there's no replay value. I don't even care. This game is amazing."
76561197970980626,Recommended,303210,18381597,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shadow,
,Recommended,303210,24548077,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MOM,"Its relatable, and its very sad :("
,Recommended,303210,20117733,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Crystal 🌸,"Wow.This game is definitely a new favourite of mine.Each game has a deep meaning or story to tell, the whole thing is just - wow.PROS:-Wonderful storyline-Atmospheric-Well narrated-Thought provoking-Interesting from start to end-So much depthReally this game is so good it can't be expressed in one review <3CONS:-None that I can think of.Play for yourself to know what I meqan <<33"
76561198164520154,Recommended,303210,30748888,Posted: 26 March,all,DaDC709,If Coda Somehow Sees ThisPlease Make Games. You Are A Amazing Develepor.
,Recommended,303210,21037477,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,skiF,"You can't stay in a dark space for too long, you just can't. You gotta keep moving, that's how you stay alive.10/10 Best life inspiration ever."
,Recommended,303210,32889466,Posted: 27 June,all,Bob Ross,"one of my favourite games ever, maybe even THE most favourite game everand yes, the end makes you cry ;)"
,Recommended,303210,18311779,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Greslus,"The journey it takes you on are far better than any other medium had created at a much higher price tag. It is simply, that good."
,Recommended,303210,18402316,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Toastender,"I am honestly not quite sure what to write here, but I can realy reccomend this game, it's an experience."
,Recommended,303210,18336752,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Fluffels,im... im speechless. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,19493061,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ohmsrulz,"What a pointless series of games! This person is definitely capitalizing on his earlier work of the ""The Stanley Parable"". This is nothing like it! While the former was a interesting commentary on gamers and their relationship to the game this is just a dialog of how can I frustrate you, give you no payoff and also not say anything meaningful! I played it to the end unfortunately. It seems like it's building up to something but it isn't! Buyer beware!I do like this genre of game though and compared to some others I played I realize this is one of the better ones! :) I also enjoy the soundtrack much .., Keep making games, sir!"
,Recommended,303210,23907429,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Andrew,"I... I don't know where to begin...This game makes you see people in a more in-depth way. It helps you understand who people are. It helps you understand a lot, I'm not going to lie. Please, just get this game... for humanity's sake..."
,Recommended,303210,19857491,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Alex™,"I have never been so attached to a character that spoke with his environment instead of his voice. Reading everything and listening to the naration is emotionally powerful. I teared up a bit, it's absolutely worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,303210,20129244,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xXRaiserOfHellXx,"Lets get one thing straight. This game isn't for everybody... It'll make you curious, confused, worried, guilty, nauseous,  lonely, and  depressed... Make sure you can handle these things before you play this game. It is a very powerful, yet short game, that is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,303210,23935332,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kawaii Desu-chan,"Yes, it has a cool story.Yes, it made me rethink my life as a whole.Yes, i'd still buy it if I knew what was going to happen.But it's too expensive for what it is. It's a walking simulator. Literaly.Honestly, I recommend you buying it, playing it, thinking about it, and then refunding it."
,Recommended,303210,33119364,Posted: 2 July,all,[2V] Dictator,"The very essense of humanity and the struggle to try to achieve the unachieveable, be the impossible, and escape the reality of who you really are. Amazing."
,Recommended,303210,19896893,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lavender Cloud,"Really good game, you could say that it's a Dear Esther meets The Stanley Parable."
,Not Recommended,303210,33357491,Posted: 7 July,all,Capn Curry,"This one felt weird, and not in a good way.  It's billed as being authored by one of the writers of The Stanley Parable, which is one of the funniest games out there.  But this is a very personal, very sad story, and it rings just a little too true to file it strictly under ""fiction.""If I find a movie in a local bargain bin, ""Louis C. K. Gets Evicted,"" that's a real dicey proposition, right?  I mean, it could be another Ernest Goes To Camp, or it could be Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein, or anything in between.  Now imagine that it's actually a single two-hour-long take of Louis C. K. dealing with foreclosure paperwork and occasionally sobbing over an old photo album."
,Not Recommended,303210,33049494,Posted: 30 June,all,wahooker,"Its an ok story, but far, far too short for the price, even at 50% off."
,Not Recommended,303210,33379104,Posted: 8 July,all,Maycne Sonahoz,"Another bright example of using video games for art. For conveying a message. And to your feels this one will get to.This game does work. It is beautiful. It is truly well done. It is art. But even then, it might not be enjoyable."
76561197965074601,Not Recommended,303210,21760152,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,UNDERHILL,"First: Don't buy this because you liked The Stanley Parable.TSP was a game about the illusion of choice in games- but it was actually a game.Steam lists this as: :""Genre: Adventure, Indie""It barely qualifies as an interactive story and is definitely nothing more than that. This piece of software should not be in a library of ""games"" labeled like a game let alone an adventure game.There is functionally no difference whatsoever between watching a playthrough on YouTube and holding W. For this reason it is not really a ""game"".Even in a meta-sense this is just an apology to someone who appears not to exist that you were tricked into buying. No matter how many layers you wrap it in this program still exists in reality. Based on the circumstances that the narrative presents the only thing the author really has to feel bad about is charging money for this on Steam. I am frankly offended that The Stanley Parable was ever mentioned.Who gives a crap if you had the same expectations of gaming that every non-autistic person shares and some self-absorbed and narcicistic programmer got mad about it? You shouldn't be apologizing to this guy you should just un-friend him. You're not wrong in the way you viewed his games, you're just too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to admit when relationships become incompatible so in your inability to deal with that situation you fabricated a reality in which you were wrong so that you could have some action to take by apologizing.LET GO!None of this ever would have happened if someone had just steam gifted Coda a copy of Gary's Mod or if Coda had not blindly assumed that his games would be understood by anyone else at all.The biggest thing the author missed was that Coda's games were meant to be played in the Source editor not launched as a character. Tons of people have been making things like that for as long as Source has existed."
76561198114015988,Recommended,303210,21451678,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zimbabwe Salt Co. [Team 💯],"You can skip each level.Right, I'm sold."
76561198069177923,Not Recommended,303210,32712976,Posted: 23 June,all,Prowler477,It is an emotional game but it was not the game I was expecting. I did enjoy some of it but as a whole I do not personally recommend it.
,Recommended,303210,32713589,Posted: 23 June,all,我以为,10/10
76561198048259980,Recommended,303210,27049299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dangerous Sex Bracelets,A great experience.
76561197987303040,Recommended,303210,24325255,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Luis,O_O
,Recommended,303210,33592208,Posted: 16 July,all,Gatorbaitboa,":) + :P + :D + :O + :') = Such an amazing game, beautiful story. 10/10"
76561198333904565,Recommended,303210,33586601,Posted: 16 July,all,Biggest Boi,"i liked the part where it took forever to loadbut other than that, pretty good game 10/10 #wow #muchgood #FacebookIsADyingMedium"
,Recommended,303210,33595409,Posted: 16 July,all,Mr. Kheese™,A unique little tale.9/10
,Recommended,303210,24057918,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,littleshadows,"This game probably won't relate to everyone. I doubt that was the objective. But maybe it will, making assumptions is, I think, part of the message. For me, this game was a mirror. One I have been avoiding for a long time. If it doesn't touch you, then it wasn't meant to. No fault, no foul."
,Not Recommended,303210,18518753,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,OhSnapIt'sJack,"Personally, I don't get it. I played through the whole thing in one sitting waiting for that ""ah-ha"" moment, but it never came. I'd probably like it better if I understood the ending, but it just feels like a dude being a jerk to another dude and calling it a game. I want to understand it, but I don't want to play it through again. Totally get it if you think that it would make sense to you."
,Not Recommended,303210,21010738,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dogers,"Too many forced feelz, not my cuppa, wot wot"
76561198068918087,Recommended,303210,21975321,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Deceptive Walrus,Very powerful story. Loved every minute of it.9/10
,Not Recommended,303210,20047069,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Demicore,"Make sure you don't play this for more than two hours in order to be able to get a refund.This game pretends to be art but it really is pretentious crap. You're supposed to accept the lack of gameplay because there is an interesting story behind all these lifeless levels, but it all turns out to be a sham in the end.Don't get trolled."
76561198249232262,Recommended,303210,26539308,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,jonathan.mosberg,this does not work
76561198311069768,Recommended,303210,24058699,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Iamabrawler,"An interesting work that is less about the player exploring an odd collection of games than it is about the narrator and the maker of these games. Makes you think a lot. There isn't much else I can say that wouldn't spoil the experience. An interesting spin and commentary on storytelling- oops, I think that was saying too much."
,Recommended,303210,22235155,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Olk,amazing story got sad then happy and there was alot of  creative stuff in the games it is just amazing.
,Recommended,303210,25355255,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,patsy,wow.
,Recommended,303210,24059555,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,IvizGames,"""The Beginner's Guide"" is a game with a deep story. The gameplay is simple and the nariation is perfect. The story will strike many with deep emotions and will tell a extraordinary tale! This game is one of my more favortie games that I ever have purshased!"
76561198088979908,Recommended,303210,28192110,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sugarfruit33,"If you buy this game, go in blind. It will completely change your perspective on life, and just make you contemplate everything. I think everyone should play this game. The experience is so deep and meaningful. It's only an hour but it's an hour well spent.If you're into story based games or like casual, narrated games, you will cherish this game for a very long time. It's not just a game, it's a pure masterpiece.Final Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,21887358,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Conqy,This game made me ask me an important question. Am I happy with who I am as a person? I still don't know the answer.
,Recommended,303210,19326107,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,duckzero,"I don't want to spoil this game, but it's worth every darn penny."
76561197963471262,Not Recommended,303210,21302928,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Seppel,"5 crashes in 1,5h playtime....I even hat to skip one level because it kept crashing at the same place."
,Recommended,303210,23351801,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Fagbars,CURSE YOU PERRY THE PLATYPUS!!!!
,Not Recommended,303210,18518578,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ENEMY SPOTTED,"The Stanley Parable was far superior for price and entertainment value, but if you like stuff like Dear Esther or Gone Home then this is the thing for you"
76561198141926727,Recommended,303210,21551101,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ToastedVivid,"This game is a special one. It takes the funny narrative from The Stanley Patable and adds a whole lot of emotion to it. To be honest, i cant find a low point to this game. I highly recommend you buy this game and play it blind."
76561198019434025,Recommended,303210,21901347,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mr.olsen,"If you liked The Stanly Parable you will like this one.The narative is heartebreacking at times, but it is well wuart it.I strongly recommend it"
76561198069618203,Recommended,303210,21915502,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DrewTheDuck,You want a game?This isnt a game.This is art.11/10
76561198036604579,Recommended,303210,22042099,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,andreas.slotten,Don't read about the game. Buy. play. reflect.
76561198203272917,Not Recommended,303210,21561041,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,beforeiwakee,"I'm changing my original review. I bought the game and it didn't launch, emailed the tech team for the game. There was a problem with the Steam Overlay. Steam needs to update it, game wouldn't launch. I had to remove the 2 overlay files out of my steam folder so it would run. I'll review it after I finish the game. *EDIT* I've played the game now, and it's meh okay. Not sure if it's a real or fictional story but it's just a walking simulator with story dialouge. You could literally watch a playthrough of it and get the whole experience. Would be worth buying for like $1.99, the story is okay. Sort of relatable in some ways if you've had anxiety or have depression. For what it is I'd give it like a 6.5/10. Only recommend buying on sale."
76561198146050757,Recommended,303210,18383273,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dan_Dot_Daniel,"One of the most thought provoking games I have played in a long, long time. One that I can reate with on a deep level. Not sure if it made me more or less comfortable with my situatuion but I has begun a discussion in my mind. Worth the price for the experience alone. Do yourself a favour and dont spoil this one, set aside a couple of hours and enjoy the show..."
,Recommended,303210,22211180,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,hackwrench,"A game best played with turning on the ability to turn clipping on and  off so you can get to areas of the stages you simply can't get to with clipping turned on. Also there is a payoff for doing things contrary to what the narration suggests you do/ And look at the text files in this games directories. Hey, Davey Wreden started it!"
,Recommended,303210,33326618,Posted: 6 July,all,"Hazza, Prince of Denmark",The Beginner's Guide is a beautiful and downright disturbingly acurate game that tells the story of one friend trying to reconnect with one he grew apart from over time. The story is heart-wrenching and the atmosphere is fantastic. A must play.
,Recommended,303210,21354878,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DAD-alus,"This is a game you play for the story and the experience, if you are familiar with Stanley Parable you'll understand that gameplay mechanics and mindless entertainment are not the goal of these games. If that is the intent, then do not get this game. If you are ok with an interative story, and can appreciate a message for what it is; then this game is worthwhile.In this game consider value:How do we get value? Is it determined based on what other people think about us? Then it is subjective. Is it based on what we think of ourselves? Then it is biased. The only objective place for an entity to receive objective value is from a creaor; only a creator can determine the worth of his creation. If we do not even consider a creator, what a hopeless and depressing meanngless existence we must all have. We are worth nothing, and we can contibute nothing because we have no purpose.Enjoy the game."
,Recommended,303210,18376657,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MaximusMeridiousDecimus,"SPOLIER ALERT:I finished this game in 1.6 hours, I will never play it again. This is the saddest game I have ever played, Codas brain confuses me, and all I want to do is figure it out. This game really makes you think about stuff.. It gives many questions to which there are no answers. This game is... indescribeable.."
,Not Recommended,303210,20238421,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JewBBQ 1942,"waste of money. This game is exreamly boring. Nothing like the Standley Parables. Every level i past i thaught hmm when is this going to get intersting... NEVER GOT INTERESTING. No funny jokes, no witty narator, just a bunch of unfinished levels with some guy talking about his depressing friend. 1/10 would not IGN again"
76561198025464936,Not Recommended,303210,26487614,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ctubauer,"I got this one in a bundle with the Stanley parable.While I will sit through it, I am not exactly intrigued and do not perceive the voiceover as profound or philosophical.Maybe I will find a point of this later on - beats watching kitty clips on youtube."
,Recommended,303210,19467878,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MishukoEmi,it was so amazing that I feel almost guilty for playing it.......... im sorry?... i think...
76561198095262161,Not Recommended,303210,20343299,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DarthCansupes,My god I have never seen anything so pretentious and self-serving in all my years as an old man who is crotchety and hates everything. You cannot imagine how it is to be someone who hates everything and then finds something that is somehow even worse than anything else. But I did. I did.Please do not follow me to find out how right I am.
76561198147765971,Recommended,303210,29129363,Posted: 8 January,all,loudlazer,get it
76561198028035576,Recommended,303210,29131202,Posted: 8 January,all,Squash Gourdon,Made me cry10/10
,Recommended,303210,29127460,Posted: 8 January,all,OvenRoll,"Absolutely incredible. Moving. Proves games are art. Read/watch as little as you can on this, just buy it and play."
,Recommended,303210,29131298,Posted: 8 January,all,squiddy t,"Play this game without reading anything about it. Maybe watch the trailer up there if you want to know if you're interested, but after that don't look at anything else. This is a game you want to go in blind to.The Beginner's Guide is unlike anything I've ever played. Don't go in expecting a sequel to The Stanley Parable, because it's not. What it is is a completely unique experience that took me through a wide spectrum of emotions.It's fairly short (it only took me about 2 hours, and that's with taking my time), but it's completely worth the price. This story couldn't be told in any other form."
,Recommended,303210,28111813,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,aniva26,"I love love love games that make you think and this game certainly did. It was beautiful, moving, untraditional, and i'm so happy that I was able to experience it.Very different from the Stanley parable- very simple in theory but it really really sucked me in and held me.I highly reccomend it. This is a game that I sincerely wish that I could play it for the first time again, but will never be able to. Make sure you are ready to sit down alone somewhere quiet for an hour or so before beginning it to get the full impact."
76561197975204767,Recommended,303210,26481974,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Lully Lew,This made me feel so much... in a good way or a bad way I'm not really sure.
,Recommended,303210,18282572,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,kiddi,"Wow, just wow."
,Recommended,303210,19299175,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ostrich Paladin,"Ok so first and foremost this game isn't a game. It's an experience, and I mean that in the most serious way possible. I bought this game as soon as I could after I heard that there was another game out by the maker of The stanley parable, now I didn't do much research, I jumped in completely blind. There's alot of controversy over whether it's contents are true or fabricated however I have to say that regardless, it's an amazing story. It took me by surprise and personally to a degree I believe it. I feel certain bits more than others may be a little imbelished but as a whole I'd like to believe. The fact that I believe makes me in a way unhappy with the game though. If you've played it or don't care about spoilers continue reading.SPOILERSOk so I just feel that this goes along with the whole ""You cant fight fire with fire"" sort of thing. The idea of posting a game about your experience and ♥♥♥♥ ups of giving exposure to somebody who didn't want it, and then exposing it to an even wider audience is beyond ♥♥♥♥ed up. It felt very intrusive to play and just imagining a mind such as his and living through it and wondering what they thought about it from the little we know about them was disturbing yet I couldnt pull myself away. At this point I feel i've made little sense and probably rambled a little longer than I should of but I think it's important to get this message across"
,Not Recommended,303210,19956760,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mahksimus,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,303210,19968746,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sempeï et Grinot,"It's just... You know... This game is not your business. You don't have anything to do with it. It's like listening to someone's problem. But you don't know the guy. This game in fact makes you uncomfortble.So dear davey, you can keep all the money you took from works made by what you call a ""friend"", and go for a ♥♥♥♥in therapy, to learn how to ""let go"" of people."
,Not Recommended,303210,19968586,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,green air bum,"it was okay, but this should be free i feel. def will reconsider buying the next thing this guy puts out."
,Recommended,303210,29402952,Posted: 21 January,all,Galuin,"A really good story telling gameIt's a Collection of games made by ""Codan"" and a narrator, apparently Codan's friend (The maker of ""The Stanley Parabel"" tells his thoughts about each and every one of them.The game is short and every PC is able to run it.Have fun !"
,Not Recommended,303210,19310744,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,WhiskyWaldo,"TL;DR, I felt no compassion for the narator or Coda, no connection to any of the narrative. Honestly finishing the game I didn't care about any single thing that took place or was said. I get that it's trying to convey a story and emotion, but it wasn't a very good one, and I felt nothing other than fatigue."
,Recommended,303210,20112438,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,X) I really thought you of all people would have known buy now.Y) Gone Overwhelmingly PositiveB) Stop ruining all the mystery and joy that life has to offer.ChoosePrisonEscapeRegret
,Recommended,303210,18383155,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Vincent,"I really enjoyed playing it, but I loved how it makes you think about it. For me the game didn't end when it ended. And I'm still thinking about it. It makes you question yourself in the most amazing way possible.And thank you Coda for making these games.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,23374309,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Dewey the Commie,"Never have I ever met such an emotional game.I'm not usually emotional, and I don't cry that much, but when I played thid game, I cried too many times to count.I never expected a story like this, and I really didn't expect it to be this sad.Seeing someone so clearly struggle with what's inside them and pouring it out into their games is just amazing.If I ever play this again, I don't doubt I will cry again, and again, and again, and again.Buy this game, it's definatly worth your time, and maybe even your money. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,303210,21128221,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Candyfløss,Amazing game. I hope the story finds its way.
,Recommended,303210,20276811,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Trave1er,Art.
,Recommended,303210,27357361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fabulous 24/7,Its some pretty good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,303210,30323709,Posted: 4 March,all,Tino Didriksen,Short but good.
76561198290189213,Recommended,303210,30323452,Posted: 4 March,all,William_Glozz,"You have created a beautuful games, Coda!"
,Recommended,303210,30328067,Posted: 4 March,all,Scalcy,Absolutely outstanding!
,Recommended,303210,19585359,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Konoko,"You don't need to read a review.Buy it and experience it.This is not a game, this is an experience.--This section below is devoted to my personal attack on dumbasses.--Okay, I took a quick look at some of the negative reviews - I have to ask, why in the name of everloving ♥♥♥♥ would you buy a game that is not meant for you. If you didn't enjoy the game because it's just not your thing to enjoy... whatever the ♥♥♥♥ this game is by definition, why would you rate it down? Who are you to say anything about this, when you don't understand (by your own words) what this game is, or what it's trying to say?Yeah, it's your own little personal headspace where you can say whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want. That's your review. But if I were you I would silently refund the game. You should have no opinion. You don't deserve an opinion. If you fully understand the gravity and depth of the Beginner's Guide, then yes, you're free to say whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want - perhaps it simply didn't grab you the way it did me, perhaps you have a heart of steel and simply weren't touched, I don't care. That's fair enough. What isn't fair enough is when you're too stupid, and you simply badmouth something because of that.It's just a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that something as beautiful as this has any negative reviews at all, when it deserves so much more. There are so many other worthless games by horrible developers and/or publishers that will lie to you, and cheat you, and in the end still have the undying loyalty of their fans (Fallout 4, anyone?) and yet, there are people in this world who have a negative opinion of... this. An indie game which quite honestly actually tries to make you do some thinking for once. An indie game which, unlike the majority, actually tries to do something new and original here. And I love it.While I have a positive opinion towards this game, I'm not going so pretentious as to say you can't possibly have a negative opinion. No, I haven't got a problem with that. To reiterate, who am I to tell what to do? As long as you actually know what you're ♥♥♥♥ing talking about, I ENCOURAGE you to explain why this game is bad. You SHOULD be trying to explain why it's awful. And yet, citing a reason such as ""I don't get it"" is unacceptable. When reviewing a game you are reviewing everything, story, sound, graphics, FPS, everything. Not just how much your tiny brain understands.What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you people."
76561198030876827,Recommended,303210,24634948,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Evarium,You are what you create. Or are you?Everyone who intends on creating or already has should play this game.It is easy and then not.What are you waiting for?
76561197997326942,Recommended,303210,28659851,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,killamaxxxxx,"don't look for her, look for yourself"
76561198088150691,Recommended,303210,28663165,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NotSoDeadZombie,Damn
76561198078250082,Recommended,303210,19894760,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,danny1145,"When I picked this up, I had no clue what it was about. Ive been hearing all these reviewers talking about how great it was, and my expectations were quite high. Needless to say, this game has thrown my expectations right out the window. I truly believe that this game is a masterpiece. As many reviewers have stated, anything I would say would spoil the experience.However, I must say that the tale weaved throughout feels undeniably human and I felt a tear build up in my eye when it was finished. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a short yet meaningful story."
76561198007094487,Recommended,303210,28993823,Posted: 3 January,all,Shizznazznizzle,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,303210,34982077,Posted: 15 September,all,DanWJBanks,Buy it
,Recommended,303210,19296010,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tjuhl,"""The Beginner's Guide"" does not comply to the classic understanding of a game and the definition thereof, if there is one. There is no gameplay, i.e. you as a player making any meaningful decisions that in any way, shape or form impact the experience that you as a player are having within it. I ""played"" through it within 1.5 hours. I could have finished it in less, but the walking speed in that game is either terribly slow or purposedly adjusted to the narration speed of the narrator. Being at less than 2 hours ""playtime"", which was actually ""narration time"", I could hit the REFUND! button, if I wanted to...However, at the end of the story, I felt better and actually quite happy about myself having experienced what I experienced and, as of such, the recommendation. Recommending stuff makes you feel better, too, right? :)P.S.: The ""full controller support"" is actually pretty lousy. Not that it matters, though. :)"
,Recommended,303210,23710089,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,USnake,Amazing game with a great story! Definitely worth playing it and will make you think!
,Recommended,303210,25189120,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,A Thoughtful Fork,This is actually the only game where I cried.
,Recommended,303210,25417709,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,But Mum Says I'm Special,"I should be sleeping right now, but I can't. I ""finished"" The Beginners Guide earlier this day, but I'm still thinking about it.Do not hesitate to buy this. Best 9 EUR I've ever spent."
76561198117689618,Recommended,303210,25125283,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TheKaptain97,"If you call this game a walking simulator, you are not wrong, but you are missing out. This game made me stop studying the day before a major test and made me just think about my life, what I create, what happens when my vision seems crowded, what it feels like to truly create and how fragile it is to me. I won't spoil anything but if you ever tried to help someone you cared about, you will cry.Giving this game a score is like trying to score a trip to the grand canyon, giving it a score devalues its worth, just let it be what it is. Play the game and you will learn more about yourself."
76561198162147615,Recommended,303210,25174873,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,₢ ℟∄ ∄⋂ ℙ Åℛℛ◯⍏ℛ ℹ ₡ℇ,"This is the deepist game i have ever played, GET IT !"
76561198160613867,Recommended,303210,25298734,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,damien_devour,"First off in writing this review, i would like to mention this is not your typical game, more like a experiance. Now that that is out of the way I would reccomend everyone to try this game, it is amazing, it has changed me i feel, and i feel like the dev is now someone i know and this was a story told to me by a friend of theirs. A feeling i have never felt before within' a game, or a experience moreover. The message is powerful, i will not spoil anything but i fully reccommend this to anyone. Thank you so much Davey for sharing this with everyone, I might play through it again when I'm feeling depressed or just down in my life. Although i will say i wasn't ready for this many feels all at once. Again one hell of an experience that everyone should give a try."
,Recommended,303210,25552094,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,cinichecuk,"I saw a review that said something along the lines of 'Everyone needs to play this.'Well, that person it right. What an experience.There really isn't anything else to say about it. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,25573415,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jack fan,"this is a really great game!Tho it seems weird and not so reasonable at first, it really makes you to start thinking. Do the choices i make matters? what's the real meaning behind this? the game is leading you into someone is mind instead of leting you be the one who get to control. you will start wondering about all things and details in the game.what does that door mech means? i dont really know, and even i do i cant really tell you.its a game you have to play and put your mind into it to really understand. As a game that cost this little, i have to say it's perfectly fanscinating and you probably can't even stop in between."
,Recommended,303210,25734668,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr.Quacks,I... Just.... Wow
,Recommended,303210,25828908,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mao The Dong,"the game is great it's not as long and replayable as stanley parable,that's for surei even could refund it trough steam refund system,but i onlycouldnotdidthe story behind the poor gameplay is remarkable and exciting, i could say it's unique and unexpected but anyone's inner sceptic would say that i'm lying.TL;DR game is as short as great."
76561197985303867,Recommended,303210,25933196,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,the Juice,"Really interesting idea for a game. More developers should be trying to create interesting art through storytelling.Don't buy this if you're not ok with playing a very concise, indie game that really makes you think."
,Recommended,303210,25962613,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Donimyc,"(Maybe minor spoilers?) This game. Oh man... Words can hardly describe the meaning that it could have for so many people. This game's...no...art's message changed something inside me. It gave me a new perspective that I had been thinking about but never understood for a very long time. If you have the time, just play it. If you can't buy it, watch someone play it even. I feel like everyone has a Coda or a Davey in their own life."
,Recommended,303210,25972854,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,arhRGB,"This game spoke to me in a way few pieces of art rarely have before. I am so grateful it was made, and that someone had the courage to and vulnerability to share in such a way that I could experience it so viscerally. Thank you."
76561198275577459,Recommended,303210,31569988,Posted: 5 May,all,Normie Child,all i have to say is that this was a wonderful experience and a beautiful piece of art
,Recommended,303210,35142765,Posted: 22 September,all,✪ Mankitsu Happening,"Although it is a bit short, it is well worth the $10.Breathtaking game what more can I say."
,Recommended,303210,24583596,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,snchsr,"Sorry for my English, but...!What an amazing trip!Playing it feels like doped Victor Pelevin (especially due to prison break keynotes) and.. say Terry Gilliam lived in a brain of talented amateur game designer who suffered from social anxiety disorder.And the Main Question (which already could contain the Main Answer) still seems to be open."
,Recommended,303210,25001967,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pooley,"I can't recommend this game to everyone, and I wouldn't 100% say it's worth the full price, but for the cost I got it for on sale it was an absolute gem. It's less of a game and more of an experience, and requires patience and thought to get the best experience out of it. It's one of those games that you can play in one sitting, but leaves you thinking for days."
76561198010677406,Recommended,303210,25030533,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Apollo,Was a journey of pure emotion and game design that only could be described as a niche playable psych/game design class.i would highly recommend due to its great narrative and always been a huge fan of Galactic Cafe's Davey Wreden.
,Recommended,303210,25171551,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Captain Howdy,"If you have ever made something in your life that others loved, you'll love this game. It's an intense dive into the pressures of life and society on a creative conciousness and the game is essentially the harshest breakup I think I've ever recieved. I loved this game and I would suggest it to all my friends that I knew could handle a heavy subject and a good dose of thinking."
76561197973409838,Recommended,303210,25191728,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CompuRanger,Amazine experience that wonderfully mirrors the experience of depression and co-dependency.
,Recommended,303210,25554848,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lawie,An interesting look on the life of a game creator.
,Recommended,303210,25957422,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,(㇏(•̀ᵥᵥ•́)ノ),Enjoyable and engaging narrative experience; short but I feel strongly that making it any longer would only have served to weaken the story.Like any of these walking simulators it does require an amount of suspension of disbelief but the structure of the narrative makes this easier than in some other cases.It's impossible to say how closely the game reflects the true ideas and opinions of its creator but this ambiguity is a strength. It is easy to find something to relate to in the story and the conclusion is equal parts poignant and beautiful.
,Recommended,303210,25995865,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TheReallyRealMagoo |S> Unusuals,"this may be a walking simulator (kind of) but it is a very good one, it really makes you ""feel"" (i litterally almost started crying that i felt so bad for the guy), i saw a video on this once so i dicided to buy it and give it a try and it was just beutifull (holy crap i need my dose of sarcasm asap)"
,Recommended,303210,26076474,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Reject,"This is one of the best narrative games I have ever played. I thought it was going to be much shorter than what it was, but trust me when I say this: It is 1 hour if you rush through everything and stop for nothing.I loved playing through this and I hope the person finds what/who he's looking for. I don't think you have to be a game developer to appreciate this game, as someone stated in another review. I can appreciate this a lot, but the real question is this (spoiler): What would have been the better option? To not release this and live on with life and let Koda(Coda) live on with his life, or release this and try to contact him and say sorry? I think its up to the player's opinion to figure this out."
,Recommended,303210,26589614,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Chris,This game was slightly life changing and the narrative was great. Buy it on sale and you won't regret it.
,Recommended,303210,35139360,Posted: 22 September,all,[Agony]Kenlane,"Absolute work of art. Sad, Tragic, and a bit crazy. I understand myself, the creator and the subject better after having played it. It brings you into a dark and depressing world while playing genuinely fun and entertaining games.Highly recommend."
76561198343544502,Recommended,303210,35164581,Posted: 23 September,all,mr.joeington,"A short and sweet exploration of the role of a game designer in his creations and of the idea that video games can be art. The themes here left a mark on me, and I know I will be thinking about this game for a long time to come.9/10 would fly out of a laser beam again."
76561198200366333,Recommended,303210,25158029,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The3mths,"Although i was not moved to tears as many other in the comment section were..I can say for a fact this was a very intriguing and moving first-person narrative.That is both entertaining and thought provoking, sure to leave a lasting impressionon each individual that plays it through."
76561198134659837,Recommended,303210,25217005,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Colin Crawford,"Wow. I wasn't totally expecting the game to take the twists and turns it did. It started off a bit funny a lighthearted, then it decided it wanted to rip out my heart and make me feel extremely sad.  Definitely would recommend this emotional rollercoaster of a game to anyone interested. Now I'm off to find something happy, like The Stanley Parable."
76561197970950563,Recommended,303210,25656817,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Rawksan,A really thoughtful little game about art and the people who create it.I thought the meta-narrative about the relationship between Davy and Coda was touching and surprisingly affecting. I’m also impressed by how much complex narrative can be conveyed by essentially just making your way down hallways. Even within the genre of (co-called) “Walking Simulators” it’s nice to see games used as a vehicle for these kinds of minimal narrative beats.Super cool stuff. This is definitely one of those games I’m going to bug people to play for themselves.
,Recommended,303210,26593194,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[rG]dtjunkie,"I really expected more from that Counter-Strike Map.  I mean I'm not expecting dust_2 here, but I thought we could at least get to like assault level or something.  Took me forever to find that AWP.  Glad 3.0 rules were still in effect so I could kick it back to the spawn point and have it when the level restarted.  Super pumped I was able to get a headshot on that guy who wanted me to clean his house.  Noob.I recommend tossing some custom wavs up on your The Beginner's Guide server.  Hearing ""Mmmmmmmonster kill kill kill"" is much better than the default narrator.  Glad Coda banzored his♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198056009614,Recommended,303210,25125858,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,the best days of my flerm,The best story I've even experienced in a game. A must-buy for anyone who appreciates cinematic or narrative video games.
,Recommended,303210,25405008,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,dibujante,"This is more of an essay than a game, but if you like playing essays (what a goddamn weird century we live in - ""playing essays?"") then go for it."
,Recommended,303210,25531983,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Teodorp99,"This was really sad. Not that many games have a story that powerful, especially one based on a true story. It made me really think it through, knowing that this was a real person. The final level, before the Epilogue was the most thought provoking asit is shown that the light posts weren't part of the original games and that Coda was feeling too oppresed by the narrator. Overall, it's a very sad game, definitly recommended, spread the message to reunite Coda with the Narrator"
76561198185359551,Recommended,303210,25538008,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fried Blueberry,"This is one of my favourite video games of all time. It doesn't have a goal or objrctive, it's more of an interactive story. The story is absolutely incredible in itself and as a result the game is an awesome experience."
,Recommended,303210,25735380,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,impiaaa,・•・
76561198026249281,Recommended,303210,25745923,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Zolk,"I didn't know wheter or not i would like this game. I literally just got done playing it. Or maybe experiencing it is more of an appropriate word. I can't really describe it, but it really touched me."
76561198042706106,Recommended,303210,26073998,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,super_dingo95,An interesting experience not like anything I've played before. Not really for those who decry artsy fartsy games in their entirety but those who are interested in such experiences I think will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,303210,26084106,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,pappad,"A very heart-wrenching way to describe the sad and lonely bits in each of us that most can relate to, told in a fashion that makes every step of the way tug at your emotions."
76561198005956828,Recommended,303210,26590245,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kuregan,Play this if you feel like having a friend.
76561198055433700,Recommended,303210,25023948,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Artisian,"Play this game. Best advice you'll ever get. This is the first game I've touched that had met sit down for a good 3 hours after I'd finished just to think and write down said thoughts.I think there's a lot going on in the narrative - there's just enough left out that I imagine everyone can fill it into something relatable. Turned out to be a really touching experience for me, and it's worth trying the game out just at the chance of that experience.Lost a friend? play the game. Put your soul into your work? play the game. Find sharing what you've made horrifying? Play the game."
,Recommended,303210,25914858,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ognatx,"Excellent experience, intensely personal and atmospheric. I would recommend to anybody who wants to feel stuck in a moment in time for a weekend, and who has an interest in someone's personal depths."
76561198053864074,Recommended,303210,26583829,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tom-servo,"Regardless of whether this piece is fiction, non-fiction, or partial fiction, it is an interesting portrait of the conflict between introversion and extroversion. You could call it pretentious, too serious, and narcissistic, I suppose, but to me It was well made, engaging and worth 10 dollars."
,Recommended,303210,26611835,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dolanmanzer0,"this game was intended to be a message to reach out to someone using bits and pieces of that person's work.this game costs 9.99$this game is the publisher monitizing another's work without their consent.Coda, it seems the only surefire way to get this guy out of your life once and for all is to find where he lives, hunt him down andkill him.horribly."
76561198008979927,Recommended,303210,25817438,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lesiu,"Very unique, interesting and touching experience."
76561198133970114,Recommended,303210,32672845,Posted: 23 June,all,PurifiedTurtle,Feelsbadman
,Recommended,303210,32730804,Posted: 24 June,all,Clever Lettuce,This ♥♥♥♥ing game man. I  willl never be the same. a game aint meant to be this thought provoking
76561198232753592,Recommended,303210,23309927,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dipper Pines,To be honest from the trailer of the game I wasn't exepcting it like that. But it was still pretty cool. A hour and a half about this guy who had a friend name Coda. He made tons a of little games but never release them. Since he known him for years he decide he wants to help him and show the players these games. I'm not sure if it's a true story or a made up story. But it' still good. If you like adventures or exploring you will like The Beginner's Guide.Rating: 8/10
76561198022395043,Recommended,303210,20941407,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,your_breakfast,This game is not for everyone. But if you like interactive storytelling with a slight emotional twist and you don't have it then you are missing out.
76561198009764309,Recommended,303210,32700398,Posted: 23 June,all,Blargenshmur,"""I still love you, it's just that you make me feel cold on the inside."""
,Recommended,303210,18428473,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kunstbanause,!
,Recommended,303210,29123236,Posted: 8 January,all,jartur,"This is not a game. This is a piece of contemporary art. In my opinion a pretty good one, it deserves to be at MoMA or Gugenheim more than a lot of pieces that are already there. The message itself is while sobby I still find impactful. It definitely resonates with me and struggles I have with art and work and fulfilment. Re price, It costs as much as a movie ticket and delivers much more than most movies you can see at the theatre today.Most important, most prominent thing for me is that I find it sincere, not cerebral but more emotional and expressive, foregoing the postmodernist irony in favor of spilling yourself out in front of the public. And I do love me some sincerity even if it borders with whininess.Thanks, Davey."
,Not Recommended,303210,21519409,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Hannah3,"This is obviously an upopular opinion, and let me just say I'm not at all trying to be rude. To be honest, there is nothing WRONG with this game. It had a really amazing story, great voice acting, interesting character(s) yada yada BUT I found it boring. I had played TSP and LOVED it, and I could tell this was my the same developers when I played it, but it is nothing like TSP really. Some people obviously loved this game. I decided to get it after reading the reviews about how emotional and amazing it was. Yes, it was emotional (didn't make me cry though) but I would not have paid $10 if I knew what the game was like. And yes, that sounds really rude but it's just the truth - I don't have much money and I felt like this was a waste of my money and I don't mean that in a rude way .  All in all, I would recommend it if you have $10 to spare, and appreciate the stories behind game developers.POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEADThe game could get very boring at times just walking around exploring each game that Coda made. I liked how it was set out and I liked the story. All in all, I think it was a nice game; it was emotional, had a good story and was interesting but I found it very repetative. I really liked the message behind the game though; I think that was really awesome. But I feel that is wasn't really a game as such, rather just an interactive story. Maybe I just don't appreciate these ""walking simulator"" games..."
,Recommended,303210,18294853,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Therandus,"(minor spoilers) (first paragraph is spoiler freeish) I feel that those that voted this down missed the point, while i myself cant necessarily recommend buying it, i personally feel that what the entire game is based on, it shouldnt have cost money, it goes against what the author is trying to do. It seems two faced (and if you play through it you will understand this). He wanted a solution, this was not the answer,atleastHe should have ended it at sorry, he should adhered to the wishes of his friend, and it shouldnt have cost money.Though i will not downvote this game, as i feel the message should be heard, i cannot fully support it, though i will upvote it only for the first point, that it should be heard(and at the same time, it shouldnt, yeah its confusing, play the game and youll see if you want to)"
76561198043057431,Recommended,303210,24013739,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Konrad,Made me clean my bath tub.10/10
,Recommended,303210,28654526,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,player barney,"Very well executed. If you enjoy some what interactive story telling, this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,28992544,Posted: 3 January,all,Sugary Soft Drink,"Not many games can weave a sympathetic and relatable yet still deeply flawed and contemptable character as well as this game. If you want a seriously thought-provoking and personal story about the nature of the creator and their audience, read no further. Hurry up and buy this before you learn too much about it."
76561198172297562,Recommended,303210,31429564,Posted: 28 April,all,MYMEMESAREDUMBANDDRY!!!,"I'm so surprised that this game has negative reviews. Anyone who has gave this game a negative review hasn't experienced depression. This game truly spoke to me. As a person living with depression, I relate to the main character so much. I isolate my self from the world for the fear of doing something wrong that would hurt someone I love. I hate making choices cause they could easily destroy the future. This game is stunning, brought me to tears. It reaches out and shows what it's like to feel these ways..."
76561198001656242,Recommended,303210,18296647,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,KlausGaming,This is not so much a game but more of an experience. It's sort of a narrated memoir of a period of time in Davey Wreden's life leaving everything open to interpretation. It certainly is daring in all aspects. Here's a full playthrough of the game with my thoughts on it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqgO0vGwU54
,Recommended,303210,19863500,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,「起来」 Krit,"Feel all the feels. Except the good ones, you won't feel those."
,Recommended,303210,20272261,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wrath of Tron,"It stuck with me.This is a polarizing experience that I think rests solely on the player's ability to empathize. I took trusted reviewers advice to heart and avoided reading reviews and went into The Beginner's Guide cold and I think the experience benefitted. That said, this isn't a game that you can trust a reviewer on.This isn't a game, it's a statement and you can't review a personal statement. It sounds pretentious, but it's true. You'll play it and either be annoyed at the wasted time and money or you'll sit at the title screen once it reloads and begin the long process of thinking about those 90 minutes for a good while.Should you opt for The Beginner's Guide? Unequivocal yes IMO. Will you enjoy your time? Up to you."
76561198102174535,Recommended,303210,35243518,Posted: 27 September,all,Maniafig,The Beginner's Guide is a compelling and gripping dive into the relation between the narrator and a game developer and a discussion of meanings in games. Recommended to fans of quirky walking simulators.
76561198272055093,Recommended,303210,22784229,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,(Snake communist) Snakemetri,"First off, this game is art. Second, the price. You'd pay just about the same to watch a movie in a theater once.  Now to what I think about it. I find it to be a very great game. I can't say that I didn't cry near the end, because I did. I'd highly reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,303210,35374964,Posted: 1 October,all,"60,000 angry bees","I'll be right up front; this game is heavy. In fact, it is more of a story than a game; a story in a game about learning about games with stories. It is an experience. This game tells a sad story, do not be fooled by the creator's past work, ""The Stanley Parable"", ""The Beginner's Guide"" is not a fun, silly, and clever game with a narrator giving you sass. This game tells a sad story about friendship and betrayal; this game makes you think, and look in yourself. You must walk their paths and watch events unfold no matter what you do. This game is not lighthearted or funny."
76561198078922143,Recommended,303210,35233779,Posted: 26 September,all,wesriel,A gripping experience that left me feeling betrayed and almost used. 10/10 made me feel things even though they were bad.
,Recommended,303210,22769624,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pepsi,A simply wonderful and insteristing collection. It really opens the mind up and picks at it. Its a sad journey and the end really hits you hard and it makes you wonder about yourself a bit. THis is a game for anyone who needs to sit down relax and let the feels flow.
,Recommended,303210,35249311,Posted: 27 September,all,Autistikitty,It's an absolutely terrible game. It's also one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,303210,18280081,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Snuki,I don't really wanna saying anything about it. But it was great.
,Recommended,303210,18477394,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Buy Neighborhorde :),"Played this on a flight to NYC for vacation. Can't enjoy my vacation because this game won't leave my mind. Lol, recommended.(*** I am a game developer, but I'd recommend this to anybody.)"
,Recommended,303210,18285535,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tipsheda,An exploration of sorts.  A game of sorts.  It's short but sweet and meaningful.  I needn't say more.  Come into it blind and you'll disover the most truth.
,Recommended,303210,19668926,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ZadaNotZaida,"This game, the emotion caused by it.my comparison of me to itscares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,303210,18873423,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Owlflame,"The whole game is just a $10 cautionary tale. You walk down rooms and have the cautionary tale told to you and then it ends. Unlike Stanley it's not engaging, it's just an interesting listen.Don't get me wrong, I liked this game.But I can't possibly reccomend it. Unless you're into this kind of thing (and a lot of people aren't) you won't like it.Spoilers ahead:The whole game is experiencing and learning about a person through their art in ways that are hardly possible in a non-interactive medium. Then, at the very end, when you're really caught up in learning about this guy through his art. We learn that the guy hated the protagonist because he tried to hard to learn about this guy through his art.The moral of the story is ""don't think too deeply about things"" from a company that specializes in making you think deeply about things. It's just a giant ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to everyone who was falling in love with the narrative for no reason other than the fact ""I feel like it's too easy to see where this is going."""
76561198088998343,Not Recommended,303210,18287229,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,stiggandr,"SpoilersContent edited down for size because I rambled.This is a tough one to rate.In terms of this being an excellent collection of thought provoking circumstances and questions, then this is top notch. It's far more thoughtful than most any other game out there. I'm a fan of brain bending thought probing sorts of works. I love when a piece of fiction is a Rorschach test that tells more about the consumer than the producer. I believe this work delves into those circumstances, and then adds another meta level on top of it. I believe that works like this are some of the strongest examples to use when presenting games as art, but...My ""No"" recommendation doesn't come because of price point, it doesn't come from content, it comes because so many of these thoughts are half played out. Stanely Parable left me wanting more, yes, but it had enough content to fully flesh out the characters involved, as nebulous as they were. It organically implied a deeper relationship that centered around primary points, but still communicated the peripheral relationship in a very emmergent way. It left you with plenty of fascinating and mind bending conundrums, and teased your mind into elaborating on the implications of situations that ranged from simple to complex.This game establishes an excellent foundation to do the same, and then never does. It felt conclussive, but not fleshed out. I feel like I have played the skeleton of a brilliant narrative idea that will never see fruition, Like I've read the plot summary to an unwritten book.1)I'd have loved to see games that just showed who Coda was. Just fun, or silly games. They don't all have to be directly relevant to the central narrative, only peripherally relivant in as much as they communicate something about either Coda, or Davey. This was implied in the trailer, but never actually executed.2)At first I felt that the central narrative was operating at a nice and methodical pace that really broke down the character of the actors involved. But, very suddenly it seemed utterly rushed through the rest of the story progression. As a result, the narration stopped adding to the immersion, and began to feel like a story telling crutch to produce less content that could have done the same thing better.3)Expanding on that thought, the story used narration to promise that there was so much more to these characters, rather than allowing an organic discover through the games to show us. It's the fundamental ""Show, don't Tell"" that is the crux of great story telling. I get the striking impression that these characters are profound in their emotional depth and that this singular aspect of their personalitiess is communicated very deliberately and well, but it was rushed, and exclussive to any other aspects of their personalities. As a result, they also seemed 2 dimensional in that these profound emotions are the only aspects of them that exist. No hints to the contrary. No games to show us anything else. Profound but flat... Almost relatable, and then ruined. I was forced to care about the characters by being thrown into their turmoil, rather than being allowed to grow attatched to them first.4)I believe the narration could have been used to fill in more content that we couldn't have known just by playing the games. I appreciated the narration that occured during the CS level, and some from the chat bubble level. After that, it all turned overly analytical and mostly expositional. I'd love to hear more stories about them hanging out, more stories about who their mutual friends are, more examples of how Davey was inspired by Coda etc. And above all else I would have liked to figure out the psychological stuff myself, and not feel stiffled by the swift intervention of the narrator, which leads me to my next point.5)Rather than acting as an aid for exploring thoughts, the narration actually began to limit thoughts very quickly. I was very easily beginning to immerse myself in a great many questions regarding the games. The narration allowed me that freedom, at first. But it quickly began to feel like it was just rushing me on, ushering me on to the next dioramma. I get that this was the character trait of the narrator, but considering that the character was Davey, I still think more freedom should have justifiably be allowed. This story dictated action, or emotion, then enforced it. I wanted to explore the furniture room. I wanted to explore the prisons more. I wanted to knock on every door, and hunt about for easter eggs, and read the game ideas at the top of the stairs, and struggle with the blind game(or variations of it), and come to my own conclussions about it all, but the narrator didn't allow me to. I appreciated the ""press return to skip"" stuff, but as far as I could tell, these were just shortcuts that didn't actually affect anything. Playing through didn't actually reward the player with an easter egg or tidbit that I could see.As a result, this felt less, and less like a game, and more like a very short visual novel. The player had no real interactive part in the story progression. They were on rails from beginning to end. It's such a brilliant idea, it just needed more peripheral content, more time, more freedom, to be more methodical, and maybe a few more easter eggs that encouraged exploration and thought. Right as I felt I was getting to know the two actors involved, I was rushed into the middle of their emotional traumas. Then, just as abruptly, the story was over. I can't give a thumbs up, because at the end of the day, the wonder and intriugue of the game surrounding the game was greater than the game itself. I feel as though I would have enjoyed hearing about The Beginner's Guide, and never playing it.Now for a final point, I refer to both Davey and Coda as actors in this game. While undoubtably a deeply personal production, and bearing multiple interpretations as to it's meaning, I don't believe the narrator is speaking non-fiction, nor do I believe this story should be taken in it's literal context. If that's the case I apologize, I've grossly misinterpreted this work. That said, regardless of the circumstances of its inception, I still think my idea of more content is valid. I'm not saying this isn't a great work, It is. I just pains me because it feels so tantilizingly close to a masterful work, but it's not. Breadth without depth is shallow, but depth without Breadth is dry. Imagine if To Kill a Mockingbird focused exclussively on the trial, or if The Grapes of Wrath ushered the Joads into Cali with no journy... How much would have been lost?"
,Not Recommended,303210,18283831,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Moose,"I dont like it.Its like a Suda51 game, with all of the pretentiousness, but none of the charm. Killer7 makes you want to talk about it. This makes you regret spending time on it."
76561198062926662,Not Recommended,303210,18290403,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bytesback,Self indulgent clap trap. No games in here.
,Recommended,303210,23102743,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bukler :>,assbuttass
,Not Recommended,303210,18316934,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Alex,"Came into this as a big fan of The Stanley Parable's absurd humour, commentary on the ""walking simulator"" genre and the illusion of choice in video games as a whole. Unfortunately, despite a promising light hearted opening, it quickly degrades into a self-indulgent slog based around what I can only describe as a projection of the developer's fears and insecurities as a game creator. I understand that projects like this are supposed to be treated more like narrative experiences than games but I really didn't come away from this with any sort of insight or feeling besides that my money might have been better spent elsewhere.Personally I feel like I may have missed the point to an extent, or maybe it's just not my kind of thing. But a lot of people seem to enjoy it so don't treat this as an outright negative if short narrative driven games are something that interest you."
76561198079334973,Not Recommended,303210,18285285,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[APPLE] Steve Jobs,"I only bought it for SteamOS support...which was nothing because the game is made in Source but you know the Stanley Parable guy had such a hard time bringing that game to SteamOS/Linux even though 90% of the work was already done for him.From the moment I saw the dev I realized what he was, a pretentious artsy♥♥♥♥♥with no backbone. I'm going to write this in the hopes he reads this because he needs to. I won't refund this game even though I can and even though I should, that's just not me.This is not a game, it's an overpriced narrative of your own depression and anxiety which I've known about since we asked for the Stanley Parable port. You said you were getting trolled and pressured because people were happy and said ""+1 for Linux!"" this is how little emotional intelligence you have as a human being. My dog has more emotional intelligence than you, you're so ♥♥♥♥ing clueless. It bothered you so much you threw the port to the backburner despite it being relatively simple for more than a year until there was an opportunity to cash in on it with the Humble Bundle who knows if they did it for you.Playing this after the first three minigames I knew exactly where it was going, and I just wanted it to end, there was nothing enjoyable in it. Not a moment or a glimpse of enjoyment was found in what we called this ""game"". The only reason I and most of us enjoyed your popular title is NOT because of the deeper message, it's because of the narration and his voice the ability to change what happens. None of this is allowed in this ""game"" and the trailer is even misleading in this sense.The levels you designed are an obvious representation of your lack of confidence in yourself and your own work, which I don't blame you...just look at this trash. How is this thought provoking? It's creepy, depressing, and that's it. Just because you're able to create a feeling of emptiness or loneliness through your levels does not mean it's even thought provoking. It's not because I can already tell you most of what's wrong with you from the little I know of you. I know this sounds like I'm just being mean which I guess I am but this is not worth money in any way and it's not even really worth time or your happiness because it will drain it just seeing this.If I wanted to ruin my mood I could've just Googled♥♥♥♥♥♥from war, that's a million times worse than your first world problems you ♥♥♥♥ing cry baby."
76561198031154612,Not Recommended,303210,18349652,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,tonythegardener,"I really liked Stanley parable, and really did begin this with an open mind. However, it wasn't really a game. It is more a walking simulator while someone tells you a story. For some that story may be compelling, but it wasn't for me. It wasn't world changing. I don't want to explain it and ruin it for anyone, but it may be more compelling for someone who is reclusive and wants validation that this is fine. In the end did end up thinking a lot, but more about why I paid ~$8.You could get the same experience from a compelling book, movie, or good podcast for less.Overall I can't recommend it.- not a game- story didn't reach me- no replayability (for me)- most 'games' are incomplete and not really interesting."
,Recommended,303210,18290496,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BernardoOne,"This game can hardly be reviewed without spoiling the experience, so this will be short: the game is a wonderfully crafter narrative experience. If you dislike ""walking simulators"" and the like, it would be probably best to avoid it. To people who like a good narrative experience, coupled with great writing, it's heartly recommended. It doesn't offer the same interactivity Stanley Parable did. There's no branching options, no choices to make, just take in what's presented to you, but it explores the power of narrative and writing in games just as well as Stanley Parable.Avoid spoilers and go play it!"
,Not Recommended,303210,18292770,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DaavPuke,"I don't...The Beginner's Guide struggles with comprehending how a person works, but then adds insult to injury by taking that person's work and charging for it. It's such a scummy move. I can't in good conscience NOT refund this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqmSetW5zxoI wouldn't normally advise this, but this is an item one should look for on the internet to watch, not to ""play,"" whatever that means here. Being the active participant won't change anything significant to the message, which is hammered in by language, despite it wanting to be seen in the environment."
,Not Recommended,303210,18621939,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,ElusiveOne,"When is this going to become good? When am I going to begin to feel something? Anything? Am I so completely lacking in empathy that I cannot relate to any of this at all? Am I broken as a human being? Anytime now, surely a shocking and unexpected twist will reveal the promised greatness that awaits...No. Nothing.The Beginner's Guidedoes not reach me. It does not resonate with me. It does nothing to me, other than produce vague anger and mostly disappointment for not enjoying this at all. How it does so for a vast majority of other people bothers me. Its few good ideas are severely underdeveloped and everything else is crude, barely interactive, completely unpolished. Its brutally linear narrative expects nothing of the player and delivers nothing in return.The author keeps calling this a collection of games but none of it is actually any game at all. There is nothing to engage among the bland environments and meaningless statements. Choices do not matter. Actions do not matter. None of this matters.I came here because I truly, thoroughly enjoyedThe Stanley Parablefrom the same author. I became curious especially after reading extremely positive reviews, because frankly the trailer really did not speak to me. In fact, it looked quite boring, unfinished, unappealing. I should have stuck to this initial feeling, because that's all this game had to give."
,Recommended,303210,18320210,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PR0XIDIAN,"How can I possibly review this game?! This is like asking me to review someone's raw emotion, or to review the life lessons taught by my grandparents as I listen to the wisdom the years have imprented on their soul. People are so quick to judge the value of media by the physical assets it provides. Essentially, you can't judge this game based on its physical art assetts, but rather on the thought provoking soul searching it may prompt in you when it is completed. When you play this, dig deep. The game is more than it seems, and there are a few life lesons in here to be learned. This game left a lasting impression on me that I won't soon forget. -PR0XIDIAN"
76561197960404111,Not Recommended,303210,29652851,Posted: 2 February,all,[CI]Ghost,"First, this isn't a normal game. SPOILERS AHEAD!I can't say that I would recommend this ""game"" as it is about an hour and a half of the creator telling a story about someone he knows who also makes ""games"". There's nothing really to do in the game back walk around and listen to his story.As a story-telling mechanism, it is top-notch. Absolutely. But as a game? Neh. Sorry ""Coda"", sorry Davey.It'd be fine if it were free-to-play, but it's not.Save your money, watch a playthrough on YouTube. You'll get the same experience as you would otherwise."
76561198323218058,Not Recommended,303210,34369938,Posted: 20 August,all,AstroFont,Do not buy this joke. It's not a game. It's a long-winding trap of a guy geeking out over some other developer who makes pointless pseudo-art games. This is the equivalent of some guy forcing you to listen to his album he recorded at home except you had to pay to do it. This guy is a bad friend. Except I am not your friend.The trailer they showed is not the game.There is no game. It's moving forward backward left right in corridors as he podcast-blathers on about how deep it all means. It's not deep. It's empty. You can put all sorts of meaning and metaphor in things that are empty.Christ. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,303210,18282782,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Place,"Not at all like Stanley Parable, it's more like Dear Esther with someone telling you a story. I will call it interesting, but certainly not worth the price. Also, when re-releasing someone elses work (assuming it's a true story) it really shouldn't be for money."
,Recommended,303210,18345457,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,EnerN!,Just play it. Real powerfull game.
,Not Recommended,303210,18299453,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"An interesting but ultimately slightly hollow game. The fiction of a developer showcasing his friend's work for it's artistic interest starts off as a curious one, but quite rapidly grows sycophantic and boring.Whilst there IS an interesting message contained within the game itself towards the end, it's not particularly thrilling or exciting, more a slow and sychophantic reveal of something that felt it could have been done quicker and with some greater level of artistry.Not terrible, and slightly thought provoking, but not an experience I'd explicitly recommend over many other interesting and artistic experiences available on Steam."
76561198031663891,Not Recommended,303210,18348799,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ImportedAlien,BOOOOO! GET OFF THE STAGE!!
,Not Recommended,303210,18377439,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Zerotan,"Very strong narrative. It's clever and layered and iterative, it's evocative. It makes you ask questions.There is no game here. There's no challenge, no failure state, nothing to accomplish. If you understand game mechanics, you will see through a lot of what this is pretending to be.I'd recommend you watch a movie instead - at least there's character development.It's good at what it's trying to be. Expertly crafted. A beautiful narrative, but not a game.Played 1.7 hours. Won't refund, it's worth supporting the dev."
,Not Recommended,303210,18347460,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Emilio Estevez,"Not really a game, 60mins of depressing narration about a developer who may or may not be real, or may or may not be the narrator himself. Gets way too pretentious towards the end.Dear Esther is better."
,Not Recommended,303210,18354037,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"I like other narrative games, this one was annoying to play through. If you take the game without any ""meta"" context or larger meaning, just the plot, it's melodramatic and drawn out. If you do think it's an expression of what it means to create, or what have you, it starts to get pretentious fast. I know the critic/indie crowd is crawling over themselves to paise this thing, but I'm not convinced it's worth paying for, or that you couldn't watch a let's play for the same effect."
76561198029907804,Not Recommended,303210,18356043,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,tricky3ooo,"I bought this after seeing some very interesting reactions to it at various sites. It really wasn't for me; it seems out to highlight issues that I can't to relate to, coming across pretentious and sort of morbid. It's thankfully not very long  (yet still tedious), so you might want to give it a try for interest sake; its apparently blowing everyone else's mind."
76561198040641068,Not Recommended,303210,18298607,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zigo.,"Don't waste money or time on this game.  It is basically a developer crying out for validation.  It's pretty sad that this is being portrayed as a quality game, with insight into game development.  I think the creator should seek psychological help from a professional."
,Not Recommended,303210,18349231,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Softie Swirl,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you make this game? Do you just want to make people feel bad fo the sakes of pretentious artsy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Honestly, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS GAME. Unless you just want to feel miserable for the next few days. Last time I buy a title off the creators merits alone."
,Not Recommended,303210,18299749,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NYKevin,"This game is either a pretentious form of trolling, or an extreme form of ♥♥♥hattery.  I cannot go into specifics without spoiling it, and though I do not encourage playing the game, I don't presume to make that decision for you.  If you are willing to read spoilers, feel free to Google it; there are already a few writeups of this situation."
76561198063207156,Not Recommended,303210,25702068,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ilikefriends,"I wanted very much to like this game, but I just couldn't.The script was alright, although it was very contrived. The author was stretching things to fit their path as best they could, and it wound up making the game feel disingenuine.Additionally, it felt boring. The games weren't creative in the slightest, and it all felt like a person who wanted to piece together the hours they spent in a sandbox mode of a video-game maker.Ironically enough, there was a surprising lack of detail in the environment. There would be games with so many things to see and/or read, but it almost felt like a chore rather than something to do. Meanwhile, the atmosphere felt like the same regurgitated landscaping over and over again.The game was an interesting concept, but ultimately was not creative enough, unpolished, and slowly paced."
76561197997582730,Not Recommended,303210,30622035,Posted: 19 March,all,SirFatty,At one point I could actually hear my eyes rolling.
,Recommended,303210,19467358,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,G. Berlinsky,ok
76561198074043423,Recommended,303210,18332158,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JamesWildDev,Huh.  This brought up some stuff I'd rather forget. Recommend
,Not Recommended,303210,29044813,Posted: 5 January,all,Lootman,"If you ever wanted to play a series of terrible games, just because they're linked together by a pseudo-philosophical story that starts strong but the writer only had ideas for the first half. This is the game for you.By time you're at the end you would have forgotten the start where it was good, and you're left with boredom of playing Walking SImulator whilst listening to the worst part of the script.The game lasts 80 minutes, it won't last any longer than that no matter what, that's the end of the content. It's an interactive 80 min video that I wouldn't watch if it was on YouTube. Let alone recommend anyone to pay £6.99 to watch."
,Recommended,303210,18317780,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[=NM=] Jutral,"I've never played a game before that I would classify a stunning masterpiece of video game art. That is, before today. The Beginner's Guide, created by folks from the Stanley Parable, is just an amazing, beautiful, stunning piece of art work that seems to document the struggle against depression and despair through the eyes of a developer... I just don't know how to describe it, other than--it's not a typical video game, it's a piece of art."
,Not Recommended,303210,18297974,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,derw4tz,"Dont buy this.The only reason i wont refund it is cause i went through it in 83 minutes and basically""saw everything"" so it would feel cheap to refund it.... neverthenless i think i have the right to save other peoples moneywhat i saw and heard was not entertaining and very predictable at the point i just wanted to get through with it (or get a huge plottwist)if you want to experience this game watch a ""walkthrough"" of it cause theres litteraly no reason to play it yourselfthis is basically dear esther level entertainment so if you enjoy that go for it"
,Not Recommended,303210,31412371,Posted: 28 April,all,jori,"I thought Stanley Parable was very clever and a great game so I bought this one without reading anything on it.Today I launched this for the first time and completed this in 90 minutes. I'm glad this was short as I think it was mostly a waste of time. It tolds a story presented in a way that it could be a true story of the creator and one of his friends but the story isn't worth the trip nor is there a good payoff at any point. At the end I'm not sure how much at face value should the story be taken or is it more of a metaphor or actually just about the creator himslef.Anyway, the game itself is not worth the time and money to play. I feel that the game was created entirely for the creator itself - not for the players.I can't, unfortunately, recommend this to any people except for the friends and family of the creator (not saying it's that bad that only them could appreciate it but instead it could be actually very interesting to them)."
76561198127581082,Not Recommended,303210,33146196,Posted: 2 July,all,emmetfpnorton,"Obviosuly this game is not supposed to be fun. But I didn't find it interesting, or thought provoking, i just thought it was boring and rubbish. I was annoyed with it and felt it took too long, it didn't ""make me think"" or anythgin, it was just a waste of time, and I only played it for just over an hour. Whcih is how long it takes to ""complete"" it. Nothign liek the Stanley Parable - not that it claimed to be, but if you're thinking of buying this because you liked that, don't. I got it on sale and still didn't think it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,303210,18671130,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,nina.the.squirrelly,"Despite the reviews, I knew I shouldn't have expected the game to guarantee me some wisdom give me new life questions,I wasn't really interesested in main character's and narrator's thoughts at all, I found it rather boring as well. **spoiler alert**  In the end I like how narrator started thinking outside of the box and questioned his actual motives, but honestly, it's nothing mind blowing that you wouldn't find in some cartoons or ""meaningful"" facebook posts. I also happen to doubt the sincerity of the creator and that made my experience even more skeptical."
,Not Recommended,303210,28701626,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,wildgoosespeeder,"The Stanley ParableI liked (by the same author). I was expecting something along those lines for The Beginner's Guide but didn't get that at all. It felt more like an interactive movie that was very linear and taking itself way too seriously, kind of like the Matrix movies. I feel similarly to when I playedDr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist, although looking back, a redeeming factor was that it was a little humorous.The only thing that was really good were some of the map designs. Loads of effort went into them and they look pretty good.I just realized that the two authors combined do great work, but separately, they do not. Dr. Langeskov is William's work while Beginner's Guide is Davey's work.How I currently rank their work:1. Stanley Parable2. Dr. Langeskov3. Beginner's Guide"
,Not Recommended,303210,18286861,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,james.kay,"This game asks you to accept the premise that *any* kind of self indulgent self-expression, no matter its vapidity or lack of technical polish, is a worthy of the title ""game"". And ultimately the entire experience asks this of you. Self indulgent, dull, unexciting and ugly. A waste of time."
,Not Recommended,303210,18299496,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GuruMatt,"This isn't the Stanley Parable, please don't buy thinking you'll get a similar experience.  I personally was not a fan of the message this was conveying, and I didn't enjoy the unreliable narrator approach they tried here.  Not my cup of tea, but I do hope those that like this sort of thing do enjoy it."
,Recommended,303210,18325569,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kia,It's just a great thing made by a person who feels /really/ sorry for what he did. Great work. I hope you two find yourselfs again.
,Not Recommended,303210,18286249,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,emozilla,"Have to say, this was very... self-congradulatory."
76561198020525144,Not Recommended,303210,18286516,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DrugxSirus,What the hell is this... a guy showing off his unfinnished creations. was half asleep by the end of this.
,Recommended,303210,18292917,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Stephen,"I'm not really sure how I feel about the game. But it certainly got me thinking about stuff.The game description surprisingly explains it better than I can.""It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.""It's definitely a journey. Made me think about stuff.How you react to the game would depend on you personally. Isn't that interesting though? How different people can experience the same thing, yet the reaction to it can be so wildly different?If you're ready for a short journey, then definitely check it out.You'll either hate it, find it interesting, perhaps find it confusing, or it'll touch you deeply and make you think about some stuff.I found it more confusing than anything else, but I'll still recommend this thing."
,Recommended,303210,18319459,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Having just played ""The Beginner's Guide"" I am really at a loss for words. Never has a video game ever been so profound yet so...ambiguous. It is a game that examines the human psyche, pin pointing the root of depression. The feeling of needing to be validated by others, but at the same time it does none of these things. There are no ""Spoilers"", gameplay elements, or even a game for that matter. It is short at about an hour and a half and cheap at 9.99. It is totally worth your time and money. It is truly one of the most fascinating experiences I have ever had and I recommend it to everyone."
,Not Recommended,303210,22769813,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Deceased Crab,"The more I think about this game, given time and distance from actually playing it, the more I realize it has nothing to enjoy. I liked the Stanley Parable a lot, but this one has soured me on the developer enough to steer clear of his projects in the future."
76561198047742671,Not Recommended,303210,22769995,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Amiyah,Was not what I expected. It wasn't very captivating and I never felt close to the narrator so at the end it didn't seem like a revalation had happened. Love Stanley Parable but not this one.
,Recommended,303210,18290635,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spooky,This ... is a very important experience.
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,303210,33058831,Posted: 30 June,all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Not a game, none of the ""games"" are games, this is just a bunch of emo self hating fart art.  No point no fun."
,Recommended,303210,18327692,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Free Breadsticks,A very eye opening game which led to an experience I did not expect.  Normally I don't review games I play but for some reason I am feeling compelled to write this.  This really changed my outlook on how video games are created often with many hidden messages within them (something I will look out for in future games).For some reason I felt very emotional after the game and wanting to know more.  I would love to hear other player's interpretations of a game with so many of them.Warning! Some may find this game extremely boring.  Maybe a playthrough on youtube would be a better option for those people.  Whoever if you have an extra $10 and want to experience something different this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,303210,19202804,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,4x4=12,"I'll keep this short... Despite how much I WANTED to like this game it turned out to be a complete waste of time and money! Other than a several weird screenshots you get nothing out of playing this. Do not buy.For someone who loves to explore like I do, and who leaves nothing unchecked - to finish it completely in 1.8 hrs - that's just sad.2/10"
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,303210,23934253,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NEONA,"All the cool games out there and THIS is what people call ""art""? Its a small collection of environments to walk in that are connected only by the narration of a simple story. Simple concept, simple story, simple environments, simple everything really. I consider all video games to be artisitic, and this is as ""artistic"" as a modern visual artist that throws a bucket of paint on the wall and calls it art. Sure, i will admit that it's art, but it's an un-noteworthy kind of art. The game is amusing at best, and to ask for TEN DOLLARS for a tiny game like this is honestly pretty insulting."
,Recommended,303210,18280667,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zhekazlo,"This is one of the most powerful pieces of art that I've ever seen, in any art form. Do not read anything about it, just get it."
76561198028571208,Recommended,303210,18303814,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Trygve,Makes you think about things games rarely makes you think about.
,Recommended,303210,18311875,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Superlative___,"So, this is it:No Worry, i wont spoiler, but damn, prepare to feel - if you let the game to drain inside of your eyes, ears and your whole body.If you like Games that make you think about something, go ahead and buy it. Its like an Interactive Movie, a well written Book that opens up, if you let it.Just finished it and had to write this. Im stunned.Well done.Thank you C/D"
,Recommended,303210,18319676,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,takin hold of my destiny,puzzles were too scary i didnt beat it
,Recommended,303210,18303669,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[MFC] stavrosthewonderchicken,Wow. That's going to leave a mark.
,Recommended,303210,18296209,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,🎩 Chiff  🎩,I'm not sure whether I'm supposed to recommend this game or not. That's how confused I am right now.
,Not Recommended,303210,18866169,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ɖօռ 🅳ɛֆքɛʀǟɖօ🐱,"3deep5me, hipstergame/10"
,Not Recommended,303210,18957375,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,srdaniel,"I don't know what the point of this game was, but it apparently meant something to someone.  Just not me.  The only thing that could make this game better would be to have the shift key enabled so I could run through it faster."
,Recommended,303210,18292254,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,tee arr ess aitch,"I have spent the past five minutes trying to describe the emotions I currently have, but I don't think I could ever do them justice. Despite only going for 80 minutes, I feel as if this is a game that will ring in my mind for years.If you desperately need something to re-work how you view creators and games, buy this. If you need an explanation beyond that, this game cannot be sold to you."
,Not Recommended,303210,19529874,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,XOXO CASSIE CAGE  XOXO,"The beginners guide is a pretentious game like Dear Esther, 8,99$ that you can spend on an artsy french black and white movie with your starbucks latte in artschool.I you love Dear Esther and love paying 9$ to walk trough artsy ""games"" that are not even games go ahead and give it a shot.I just hope the other developer of the Stanley Parable makes another game...Hopefully not pretentious emotionally wanking artshow.Also If you just want to made this game so ""Coda"" could see it WHY SELL IT FOR 8,99????AHHH !!"
,Not Recommended,303210,19178138,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,nacitar sevaht,"I had high hopes for this after playing the Stanley Parable, but this was a complete waste.  Without ruining the terrible, falsely represented story, I'll just say to even refer to this as being interactive is a stretch.  The entire ""game"" is linear, the few ""choices"" you have do not matter whatsoever, the few tasks in which you interact in ways other than walking around are monotonous bores such as clicking to clean up a table, make up a bed, or straighten out a rug.  In fact, even the walk-speed of the game makes navigation annoying due to it being so slow.If you want to enjoy this ""game"", don't buy it and don't even play it.  Find where someone recorded a playthrough of the ""game"" and watch that.  It is _EXACTLY_ the same experience as playing it, given that there's virtually no interaction or choices anywhere in the game beyond walking around slowly.  You can hear the vaguely-interesting story being told and see the environments the ""game"" tries to show you just as well in a playthrough video.  As an added bonus, you don't have to waste the effort doing the monotonous boring tasks that way!  It's basically win/win.  If you're compelled to check this out - don't.  Just watch a playthrough - the content of this ""game"" is more like a poorly written interview/short film than a ""game""."
,Recommended,303210,18318134,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,jakey1995abc,"Shows us the story, thoughts, and emotions behind a indie game developer during the darkest times of his life..."
,Not Recommended,303210,18294438,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Taco Jenga,Someone needs a therapist. I thought you paid us for that? This 'game' is not worth any money.
,Not Recommended,303210,18308080,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GrimFandango,"After The Stanley Parable I was full of hype but, sadly, I cannot recommend this game. It is so packed of metaphors that actually loses its sense and purpose. Since it completely lacks interactivity, you just witness the story of a relationship between two (one) persons, through playing videogames created by one of them and that supposedly should tell you his emotional evolution in a span of some years. But ultimately this is a story where you have no part in, and the game miserably fails to make you part of. This is something made by the author for the author itself, and for someone else might be all but enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,303210,18302381,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,smallwombat,"I was so excited for this game when it was announced. It's exactly the sort of thing I usually enjoy - introspective, visual, thought-provoking. I'm really sad to say that it did not deliver. I considered refunding it - the first time I've ever considered such a thing - but since I did play through it, I'm going to leave a review instead.I won't go into spoilers or dissection of the plot. My biggest gripe is that when you create a game that is specifically designed to pull volatile emotional strings - decidedly NEGATIVE emotional strings - and you leave things unresolved, that doesn't make for an enjoyable experience. I walked away from this feeling miserable. I've seen sad movies, played games that made me cry, that's not what I'm talking about here. If you compare the game to a balloon, it kept inflating, inflating, inflating, and I kept waiting for it to pop, for something really important to happen, for some brilliant conclusion... and it just never happened. The balloon was simply released, and it went PFFFFFT everywhere, and I realized that all this ""deep"" discussion was really just a lot of hot air. I felt like I got emotionally jerked around for no reason. It was not enjoyable, there was no justification for all the unpleasantness. Why in the world did I just pay $8 for this experience?Secondly, I'm a big believer in ""walking simulators."" Most have exploration elements along with their narratives. Sometimes, they have minor interactions that make them more than just videos, and that, in my mind, justifies playing them as games. You can often find your own way through, re-visit things. With this game, the doors are constantly getting closed behind you, and several times, the scene was simply switched on me without warning when I was trying to line up a screen shot. It's way too linear, you can't go backwards, there is no variation in the story, nothing to miss and come back for. For that reason, it has no replay value. This doesn't even feel like a walking sim because there is literally no difference between playing it yourself and watching someone else's Let's Play.I get that this is probably a very personal thing, and for that reason, I really hate being a critic about it - but it's one thing to share your feelings on a blog or a YouTube video, and quite another to charge people so much money, especially without being extremely clear up front about exactly what this is. I'm also very concerned that because there is such a glaring lack of closure, it could have very real consequences for people who are suffering from severe depression, social anxiety, and who knows what else. My advice is to save your money and watch someone else play it - but turn it off if it starts to get to you."
,Not Recommended,303210,18346670,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Julianne Natalie Stingray,"Combining mysticism, deconstruction of Gaming itself, narrative focus-storytelling and obsession of the labyrinth, this game almost made me cry for its possible greatness at first 30 mins. Just another step, this could become a masterpiece, aThe Alephin game form or even greater. Unfortunately, the game end up with a cop-out promiscuous ending which you can see the attempt of it is trying to make you feel bad.I want to give this a 1000/10, but it's only worth an 6.8/10. Thumbs up regarding its possible greatness, thumbs down for it failed at a very close distance. 8.8/10 if the story it's telling is true though."
,Not Recommended,303210,18285051,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Slim Fandango,"This isn't a game, and I don't mean ""not a game"" like Gone Home ""wasn't a game"" in some folks' minds in that it didn't have a fun (in my, and many others' opinion) interactive aspect (interactivity being the fundamental difference between a video game and a video). That was just (again, in my opinion) a bad game.This is a program that tells a story, and contains two really interactive moments besides walking, not including repeated instances of one interactive moment, an optional interaction, and ""interactions"" which have no bearing on either the story nor future interactions.Unfortunately, those few brief interactive moments would have been as effective told on video, and the story would have been as effective told on video. However, a video twenty minutes long would have been enough to sufficiently tell the story this program tells, with as much impact. This ""game"" is two hours long and costs $8 (at the time of this writing).If it had been a dollar and twenty minutes long (and saved me the steps toward inevitable repetitive stress injury by way of pressing the keys), I wouldn't be upset, because a dollar isn't very much money, twenty minutes isn't very much time, and the point that the ""game"" sluggishly delivers is probably worth a dollar and twenty minutes. Ten dollars and two hours is more than the story can justify, and thus, I can't recommend this purchase. Go buy The Stanley Parable instead; or, if you're intrigued by the premise the trailer presents, go watch this on youtube with the closed captions turned on, the volume muted, and on 2x speed. It's not a bad story, fundamentally; it's just not (and probably shouldn't be) a damned video game, and acts like it is one."
76561198068127346,Not Recommended,303210,18333843,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ulysses Sartain,"If I could sum the game up in one word it would be pretentious.  By the end of the story I disliked the narrator and just wished that he would pipe down.  The idea that I am supposed to somehow sympathize with a person who is exploiting another human's perceived suffering for financial gain is gross.If you haven't played ""The Stanley Parable"" spend your money on that instead.This game feels like a thesis project that should have been free to play.  Not worth $10. Just find a let's play video of this game."
,Not Recommended,303210,18299687,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MadKing Saika,"So far I'm mixed in my opinion of this game....its an interesting walk down human thoughts and emotions and will probably leave with everyone different....I found it an interesting experiance....worth the money I payed? Not really....for the first time I'm considering a refund but still...the journey makes one think...and I hope one of the messages I saw resonate with some people, those who you percieve as depressed or need help may not be so they may just be who they are. Even if your intentions are goof...or in some cases selfish you can do more harm than good."
,Not Recommended,303210,18301796,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Numor,"Let me preface this by saying that The Stanley Parable is my favorite game of all time. I adore Davey Wreden's work. That said, if there is one thing I took away from this game it's that he is a narcissistic jackass who puts his own feelings above everyone else's. The Beginner's Guide is a series of small personal projects made by Davey's friend Coda whom he has fallen out of touch with. The entire last project is just a final message from Coda to Davey explaining that Coda has decided to stop contacting Davey and citing the reasons why. These reasons include modifying his games and showing them to people without his permission. Davey really took that to heart and it made him revaluate OH WAIT NO IT DIDN'T. HE TOOK CODA'S GAMES AND MODIFIED THEM AND SHOWED THEM TO EVERYONE ON STEAM AND FREAKING CHARGED FOR THEM. His stated reason for doing this: he has no other way of communicating to Coda and reestablishing contact. Apparently wanting to talk to the guy who has gone to considerable effort to explicitely state that he no longer wants anything to do with you is justification for going against every single one of his wishes. So here we are, with everyone who has $10 to spare playing these deeply personal games that were never supposed to be shared in the most incredible invasion of privacy I have ever seen.I know this won't happen, but I would like to see Steam remove this game from the store. The ""author"" explicitely states in the game that he created none of this content and that the actual creator DID NOT WANT THESE GAMES PUBLISHED. Davey is profiting off of another person's work without consent."
76561197972512174,Not Recommended,303210,18307399,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,RobotOnTheToilet,"While this is inexpensive, its too short to validate the price. More over, while I can appreciate the ""games"" in this collection, its really more someone's obsession with a collection of art projects, which are sometimes somewhat interesting. Overall it wasn't a waste of my time, because it only a little over an hour to ""play,"" but it just wasn't that interesting."
,Not Recommended,303210,18300322,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dougomite,"Simply an un-enjoyable experience. By the time I was 2/3 through the 'experience' and story I was folding clothes while the narrative played out. I was litterally more interested in folding my laundry than hearing the rest of this story.It's just not well done. It's a story experience that had the potential to be powerful and interesting, but never lived up to that potential. Maybe it was the writing, or the voice acting, or lack of a unique compelling experience, whatever it was, it added up to a mostly boring experience for me.For free, this might have been an interesting piece of work but asking people to pay $8 to listen to the developer's journal entries seems $8 too much. The revelations aren't anything special or well explained, the 'levels' are just as plain. I sort of believe the ""based on true events"" type of story might really be true because that's the only thing that would explain why the developer felt that his revelations were worth 1.5hrs of your time and $8."
,Not Recommended,303210,18300607,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Doge,"If you go into this expecting more Stanley Parable you'll be largely dissapointed.This game is nothing like the previous game. It almost feels like i'm playing somebodies therapist session.The game is quite literally a message for somebody, 1 person. In the hope that he will one day see it. Now, if this game was  free that would be ok. But it is NOT worth 7.99."
,Not Recommended,303210,18304081,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Urtheart,"If you are expecting a game, which this is kind of selling itself as, don't buy it. It's more like an interactive documentary where you have to move along.Now to be clear, this is the only reason I am not recommending it, because it is misleading and I think it needs to be better described, but is it any good. Well I think it very much depends on what you watch documentaries for.Personally while this struck a couple of chords with me, I feel this is either a really well written thing to make you feel sympathetic towards the narrator / person who states he has released this, or it is exactly what he says at the end, and I feel this is not the best way to do it.As a games designer myself one of the first rules in video gaming is that ""you should never make & release a game for yourself, you are the only one who will want to play it."" This doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, but you shouldn't expect everyone else to like it. when you design games you have to take the audience into account.Like I said this seems more like a documentary, which is fine, but label it as such."
,Not Recommended,303210,18308884,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,elad,"It's one of the most depressing games I've ever played. It needs a *huge* trigger warning.The idea itself is interesting and weird, and I'd probably like it better if it wasn't such a depressing experience on the whole."
,Not Recommended,303210,18312205,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Shauna BMT?,Was quite boring
,Not Recommended,303210,23130203,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,iAmYakYakTV,"ok let me first say that i did not give this a ""Would you recommend this game?   No"" for a bad reason. its a game thats not really a game...but more of a message. i cant really say if its good or bad...i wasnt happy that it was terribly short.do not buy this game if your looking for an actual ""Game"" to play...because this is not it. its more or less a message from 1 person to another in the form of a game...the ""story"" is pretty good, and im sure there is an underlying message..but i really didnt get it."
,Recommended,303210,18322450,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,lulu1993cooly,IT gud Game
,Recommended,303210,18323236,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,trepid_jon,"Brilliant. Play it now, and do it right by just jumping in without spoilers or trailers.As a game developer who really got into it deep through mapping and modding, especially with Half-Life and Source, this game ""hit home"" for sure. Ive made countless incomplete and unrealeased maps, mods, prototypes, etc. I also don't show hardly anything like I used to, and I'm involved with games greenlit here on Steam that just need lots of work and and lots of releases....I just gotta do it. I feel like this Coda person might as well be my doppleganger gamedev-wise.The levels are great, if not unpolished. But that's the idea, this is all like some kind of potential game with a theme that's basically forced on us through narration. Had we just played the levels without direction as if Coda had given us a big zip of internal game data, it'd be a pretty confusing and impossible game to play unless you're also outside it in Hammer and maybe Visual Studio debugging everything.When the game finished, I felt inspired to work on my games and release something asap, so we'll see what happens there. Good job, Coda, and thanks for the inspiration (oh and I hope you don't hate on Davey too much)."
,Recommended,303210,18321535,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LedFalcon,:(
76561198112461767,Recommended,303210,18280660,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cдss,"Expected Stanley Parable 2.Got deep and meaningful walkthrough of the meaning of gaming and of what goes on in the creators minds.10/10, would irrationally care too much about the creators amazing friend again."
,Not Recommended,303210,33599635,Posted: 16 July,all,OctoKami,"The Stanley Parable is way better... it's more dynamic, funnier, and has a stronger idea. I'd really recommend that game, but not the begginer's guide, it's a game that spends way too long to express a idea not that strong."
76561198001009341,Recommended,303210,18341450,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,mmmm,its good.
,Recommended,303210,18335394,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kraken,"There needs to be a question mark between the Thumbs Up and Thumbs Down because I honestly have no idea how to feel about this...By default, I recommend this game for the experience. It also helps knowing that the writer behind the Stanley Parable made this. That should help with your decision on playing this."
76561197976835855,Not Recommended,303210,19875567,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Destin,"It's a game that will cause you to stop and think, but I find the developer's methods to ultimately be dishonest, self-serving, and pretentious.Allow me to summarize the moral of the game for you: Your thoughts and criticisms are a function of your personality, so don't assume that you know what was going on in an artist's head when he created his art.(Yes, I get that it's ironic for me to then go on and write a review about the game.  Watch me care.)That's all great and makes me feel like I'm such a wonderful person for being gifted this great gem of knowledge.  Thank you, Davey, for your incredible insights.Can we move on now?"
,Not Recommended,303210,28774248,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ジョン C E N A.jpg,"This experience was nice until the 10th chapter, plus the ending felt kinda fake, so 6/10."
76561197994887206,Recommended,303210,18286183,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SatisfyingSigh,Play this game.No piece of media made me think this much and get me as emotionally invested in it since my introduction to FLCL. The Beginner's Guide is a must for anyone.
,Recommended,303210,18286610,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NickShock,I... I finshed the game a few seconds ago. I'm so emotinally..... its a good game. I reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,303210,20515484,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SisigWithRice,"Terrible game. The narration is just annoying, which Is the by the supposed developer of this game. In the game he is basically fanboy-ing over some mystery guy ""Koda"" (another developer). So you play his favorite ""games"" from his secret net buddy K0da, except they're all terrible.This game is only 90 minutes long but I fell asleep after playing an hour. Took a nap for 30 minutes then I finished. It was such a chore. He even says in the game ""I made this game because I have no other way of contacting you"". I have a problem with that because I paid money for this game. Will they give the money to this mystery guy Koda? I think the saddest part is that I don't care.I have lost all faith in this game maker and publisher which is such a shame because The Stanley Parable was really good. They should have just made a documentary with Let's Play footage if this guy was so important to them, but they're probably bad at making documentaries since they're game developers so they just made a game instead. Honestly I feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,303210,20713810,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pencil Pushing S.O.B,5/10 - Not as fresh and funny as The Stanely Parable was.  Fairly pretentious and uncompelling.
,Recommended,303210,18479654,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,TheReal,Great art. Leaves a lot to think about.
,Recommended,303210,18291873,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,calistan,"Absolutely the most pretentious thing I've ever played.I thought it was actually about a real person, and from that perspective it makes a pretty interesting documentary. Who wouldn't want to learn about a man who can only express himself through the medium of really bad games?But towards the end it takes a deep dive up its own sphincter and never sees the light of day again. It definitely needed a better voice actor. Still, I'm glad I played it. Can't imagine I'll ever load it up again, but it was certainly memorable and it surely took some solid granite cojones to put this out as a commercial product."
76561198027604138,Recommended,303210,18291156,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gonam,@echo off	| cls	| echo Thanks Coda	| Pause.
,Recommended,303210,18293037,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NvGBoink,"How about this,You can buy this and play it within 2 hours and if you feel like that 2 hour wasted your time then you can get a steam refund.But if you enjoy this game keep it, and play it, and reflect :)"
,Recommended,303210,18280307,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,adinoz guy,"Something I've never felt before. (As far I knew...)Trying to explain what this game is, or was.Would ruin someones experience of this game.""Lenght"", ""quality"", and so on... Doesnt matterthere is no way to rate this game, why would you rate a game anyway?Well, of course a rating will give some kind of explanation of what the game was(and is). . .But it won't explain its emotion, story, personal value...""This game is highly narrative"" 10/10- MrDominoz"
76561198022966068,Not Recommended,303210,34021441,Posted: 4 August,all,LassenSiesUndSterbenSieEndlich,"I sort of don't have a good feeling about the whole thing, no matter it's based on a real guy or not. Both ways it is kind of messed up, not like a thing I would spend money on again. Enjoyed Stanley's Parable though."
,Not Recommended,303210,18326167,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kareem Hunt,The creator delivers a point about how he messed up with a friend by selling his friend's work for $10. No wonder the ♥♥♥♥er won't talk to you anymore. You're both goons.
76561197965806019,Not Recommended,303210,18463866,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,|4g,Removing the wallpaper in my kitchen for the last 90 minutes would have been more enjoyable than this game.
76561198079409759,Not Recommended,303210,18492461,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MegaLobsterFace,"If this game is what this game says it is, the developer is a horrible, sad little creep and has no right to earn any more money, let alone the ridiculous asking price for someone else's work, off of this betrayal of those close to him. If this game is NOT what this game says it is, not only was it disturbing, it was a complete and total waste of time that proved absolutely nothing other than certain people should not be trusted with video game development. If you don't care if it's real or not, it's $10 for 1.5 hours of an outdated engine and a controversy-bait plot.Do the right thing and avoid this, tell other people to avoid this, and avoid people who recommend this."
,Not Recommended,303210,18303153,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,dockurt2k,"Interesting and engaging at moments. A very nice way to narrate with occasional thrilling moments. It's like a new version of what novels books could be.But it is not a video game and for the most part seems too much like a therapy for the author.If you suscribed to a few Psychology publication and likes to read books of self centered author explain how they feel and why they thing they feel like that, by all mean try this game.If you like to find reasons for why you feel bad, then go ahead, you'll love it and find plenty of new way to explain your own unhappiness.So in the end I have very mixed feelings. A nice experience but the self pitying tone gets really annoying by the end.I do not recommend nor discrecommend this game but Steam does not allow any middle ground so here it is."
76561197998355613,Not Recommended,303210,18332083,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DrUmbongo,"If I wanted to deal with other people’s psychological disorders then I'd hang out in a surgery - this is nothing like the Stanley Parable and is pure indulgence by a creator who put out a single insightful source-based game (which was / is great), I feel betrayed.Also, I had to run-windowed to prevent the drop-to-desktop issue."
76561197999461250,Not Recommended,303210,18339080,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,GtMatt83,"Ok so I used to like Davey's work, now I just think he is an awful human being! ""R"" or 'Coda' as he is referred to in game IS a real person and Davey has informed media this is so! I can't believe he actually released this and charged for it after R has asked for his work NOT to be shown, and you even leave this for all to see! I hope he sues you for the money your making on this!The game itself is very moving and incredibly well put together BUT this does not scratch the surface on what he's done to his 'friend'.Scum."
76561197994072687,Not Recommended,303210,18300761,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Urlor J'kron,Dissapointing. But guess that's what the game is about.
,Not Recommended,303210,18338932,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Stan,Not very interesting. Seems like a money-grab to me. Wouldn't recommend spending more than 3 dollars for it.
76561198065714883,Not Recommended,303210,18363401,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MrAnthrope,If your life is devoid of feeling or you are disconnected from reality then play this game for minor feels and goosebumps. Otherwise spend your money on Taco Bell and get the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending but faster and less money. Dont buy in to the youtubers hype of this being ground breakingly touching. Sorry.
,Not Recommended,303210,18338971,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Lurgen,"While this was not necessarily a ""bad"" game, it in no way resembles the trailer or the expectation that was set by the description.Yes, it's a narrative-only game but it completely fails to engage the audience beyond the basic ""OMG this person is suicidal"" response. The trailer is indirectly related to the story, but even that's a stretch.For people who suffer from depression, this might even be outright unpleasant to play. I know I found it uncomfortable in places.If you want to have a story told to you and don't mind being a passenger in an incomplete, inconclusive narrative then buy it. But if you're hoping for something along the lines of The Stanley Parable, stay away from this one."
,Not Recommended,303210,18311143,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,unranking,You'll leave this game feeling extremely dissatisfied. A regretful purchase at any price.
,Recommended,303210,18291706,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DKBJOLER,I am SO confused right now like i dont know if its a game about a real person or nor i dont know if the creator are feeling the way he is shown i dont know anything and am confused like i have been few times before it really gave me stuff for thought
76561198153095047,Not Recommended,303210,26595717,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,spiderlink774,"Almost met my expectations, but sadly didn't."
76561198100769355,Not Recommended,303210,25116061,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,goldensun9,"This is the story...About how a many sold his own mental and emotional breakdown, to all of us.For $10.If you want to pay ten bucks for a front row seat to that, then hey, power to you."
76561197977761014,Not Recommended,303210,26611036,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Goliath,Incredible waste of time and money. Just a bunch of buildings you get trapped in and have to follow preset idiotic paths or wait for things to happen all while listening to a narration about someone named Coda who built these things. Why oh why is this considered a game?
76561198122132211,Recommended,303210,31799086,Posted: 16 May,all,Steve Harvey,I wept
,Not Recommended,303210,23760996,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MechMK1,"I bought this game because I enjoyed the abstract, surreal humor of The Stanley Parable.The beginners guide is...less so. The very first impression of this game was positive, and I was really enjoying the part where you can only move backwards. Sadly, this was the only enjoyable scene.I'm not criticizing the lack of gameplay or so, because I was expecting that, but instead, I found just the entire experience unsatisfying. Maybe I didn't understand it, maybe I just didn't enjoy where it was heading. Perhaps I would have had a better time with it if I wouldn't have expected it to be ""The Stanley Parable 2"".But just judging from what the game is, as opposed to what I wanted it to be, I didn't enjoy it."
76561198271140373,Not Recommended,303210,26724683,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dbc,"First, the person you call ""Coda"" is very disturbed and needs to seek serious psychological help immediately. Too bad I have to write this in 2016, he is probably much further into a very bad state by now if he has not already sought professional help. To think that you are actually helping him by giving his work to other developers for comment is completely selfish and smacks of self glorification. You sound quite young, like you are no older than 25 or so. The current generation of 20-somethings have been coddled through school to believe that anything they do or feel is right, and self gratification is all that matters. This leads directly to situations like we see here. To not see that this individual needed serious professional help, and to try to take this on by yourself is completely beyond the pale. Do you really think you are qualified to accurately diagnose and treat serious mental illnesses? If you are, please present your credentials. Otherwise, point the issue out to someone who is either in charge of this individual (he does sound like he is a minor in this story, but probably not by now), or the local public health agency. If public or private health agencies choose not to treat him, then fine, but they are eminently more qualified to take on something like this than you."
,Recommended,303210,18419397,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,benly,...100/10...
76561198083933901,Recommended,303210,18479331,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Finalfate129,"""A game about games,"" right? On the surface, yes. The Beginner's Guide is not only a (fictional) tour through samples of a variety of games, it is a tour through the minds of 2 (also fictional) characters, with personalities on opposite ends of a spectrum, and how each of them copes with the world around them and the emotions that they more often deny feeling in the first place. It explores questions such as: ""What is mental health, and what is healthy behavior?"" and ""What is the true relationship between the creator of a video game (or other piece of work), and the player?""This riddle of a game sent me into deep introspection, and I would highly recommend it to any gamer with a philosophical mindor anyone with autism/social anxiety."
,Not Recommended,303210,35497258,Posted: 5 October,all,Aceplayer01,"This ""game"" is a walking sim that has a story antithetical to the stanley parable that will leave you feeling empty inside and wanting your money back."
,Recommended,303210,25326265,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Yirg,"7.5/10This is another experimental meta-game by Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable. I'm not going to share any details about the plot, because I don't want to spoil the experience. Suffice to say that the The Beginner's Guide is a thought provoking game, one that may be less amusing than the creator's previous game, but is a stronger emotional experience.At less than 2 hours playtime, the game is shorter than a typical feature film. This isn't a negative against the game, because it's not that expensive. It's also worth mentioning that there are no complex puzzles or anything that would challenge your dexterity. This game is more about the narrative than anything else, typical to many walking simulators, but better than most."
,Recommended,303210,19231217,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Cadmus,Good!
,Not Recommended,303210,18665003,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Whatevs,"I'm not sure what this is supposed to be, but I don't like it and it was a waste of time.UPDATE: I still hate this ""game"" and rue the day I came across it in the Steam store."
,Recommended,303210,18315149,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,slave,Squid approves
,Recommended,303210,18438066,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Derpywhalz,"Wow. truly great game. I can't really write anything else, as I am still questioning it and......stuff"
,Recommended,303210,20017809,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BanditPig,Very nice game with lots of deep thoughts.The story really makes you think and it was a fun game.The end is amazing(crappy pun intented)
,Recommended,303210,20424355,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,phann,Just play it.
,Not Recommended,303210,28885296,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gaua,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ not worth it.
76561198208792712,Not Recommended,303210,30578925,Posted: 17 March,all,1528736819238128973,Weak. And not worth the price (for a pretty obvious and simple message that is). Wait for when it is -75% to -90% off.PS: Don't take Stanley Parable as a reference to buying this.
,Recommended,303210,20538531,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hullo_0,Once you figure out how to level up it all makes sense.
,Recommended,303210,20546776,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,King Succ,Helped me advance to a pro in no time. Thanks for your help.
,Recommended,303210,20978208,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ShockaPop-One,What kind of an answer you're looking for from the review? Perhaps you should just figure it out yourself.
76561197971854488,Not Recommended,303210,33136809,Posted: 2 July,all,R'Cortese,"Despite a very good reflection, interestingly presented, I didn`t enjoy the game`s pacing as much as I did Stanley Parable`s. There were some great moments, but by the end I was just bored."
76561198260514231,Recommended,303210,28781088,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheGamerNinja,THIS IS A GREAT GAME!!! i do recomend this game is it short granted but it worth the 5 $ (not sure about 10 dollar) if you are just geting the stanley parable then get this game as a bundle. this game a emotial train about this one guy who create game and as time goes on he is stuggling thing as the game as a small unfinish game colletion with a story that why my review is a 9.5/10 it a 9.5 because the game is short but beside that it a great game just buy this great hidden gem
76561198031568237,Recommended,303210,18331530,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,kaream1,I was expecting a game simular to The stanley parable and got a game that was far more emotional and meaningful than i thought it would be. I really enjoyed this game and would recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,303210,33000443,Posted: 29 June,all,JackHotep / Mr. Rakey,"This is a story about a man named Davey.Coda is not a real person.THAT WAS A SPOILER DO NOT LOOK IF YOU NO WANT SPOILERDavey met a man named Coda and he made games. They came in many differant forms, and not much sense could be made of them. Davey asumed that Coda needed help as in the games, he talked to himself, the games were depressing, and then Davey took it apon himself to make Coda feel good. But would it turn out for the better?This heartwarming tale makes you nearly cry and makes you want to meet this figure known as Coda.One of the best games i have ever played, and if Davey sees this (which he won't) I just want to express my good luck and my enjoyment of his games.Have fun and I'll see you around!"
,Recommended,303210,20413766,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,InFiniTos Danji,"Davey Wreden does it again. I didn't know how he was planning to top The Stanley Parable, but here it is. It sent me on an absolute rollercoaster of emotions and ended with such a profound statement to dwell on. The power of a game to take something you think you'll understand and twist it into an absolute mind♥♥♥♥ has only barely been explored, but this is one of those games. I don't want to say much more out of fear of spoiling things, but I think this game has something to say to absolutely everybody, whether you're a game designer, creator of any entertainment or art, or you simply appreciate the ""genius"" that is perceived in said creators."
76561198043578701,Recommended,303210,18283267,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SuperMaxNL,"Just finished this ""game"" and I have to say that it is truly unique and has an great emotional story to tell. Now if you haven't played it, don't think this game will be Stanley Parable all over again, because it won't. See it as an 'interactive playable psychological documentairy' about game developers. I won't recommend it to those who are just seeking for a nice game to play or to rush etc. But I would recommend it to the ones who are interested in these kind of deep subjects, and could spare 8 euros, ofcourse."
,Recommended,303210,18281548,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Yattaah,A great experience that shows what video games are capable of!
,Recommended,303210,18281613,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nova Aurora,"Very deep, and very philosophical.A must play, do not read spoilers.If you're looking for a new Stanley Parable, this is not it."
,Recommended,303210,18281622,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,lolcritrockets,"If you are looking for the humor of ""The Stanley Parable"", you might find yourself disappointed. ""The Beginner's Guide"" is a more somber and thoughtful piece from the same developer, Davey Wreden.However, do not let that lack of overt humor turn you off. While it may be easy to slot this game into the usual ""art game"" ghetto where so many other indepedent ""walking simulators"" go, ""The Beginner's Guide"" manages to be far more captivating and engrossing throughout its just-right length.This game borders on psychological horror with how tense the end game can become, and the nature of its framing device makes it far more empathetic than other games that try to be ""deep and meaninful"". If you have a few bucks and 90 minutes to spare, I would recommend giving this a try. You may not cry by the end, but you will be thinking."
,Recommended,303210,18282479,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Fifth Wallfacer,"This game will not make you feel good, but it is good. Very good."
76561198009665056,Recommended,303210,18282722,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ivanbolder,"I have never written a review for a game, but for a long time I have tried to look for something within me, a driving force to motivate myself.  this game is remarkable, It brings out emotions about thing i did not even realize I had.  A game that brings you to tears because of how beautiful the story is, like this is just amazing.  Thank you for creating this.  Guess this is more a thank you note than a review.  don't play this game....Experiance it."
,Recommended,303210,18282770,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Freeman,"Wow, just wow. A game that easily stands apart from others effortlessly."
,Recommended,303210,18282807,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ThatBrownFella,"All I can say is that this is a worthwhile powerful experience that should be gone through blind, with out reading or hearing about its content in much detail. While it isn't really a game, it is something very special.It's worth the price. The game is less than 2 hours, so worst case you could go for a refund if you don't like it. However, even without replayability, this is something worth experiencing that will likely stay with you for a long while."
76561198037048343,Recommended,303210,18323138,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheSaltySalamander,"This game is one of the best games I have played in a while. If you are going to buy it, don't look up anything about it. I promise you that it is worth the money and time, as it will leave you awestruck"
,Recommended,303210,18281628,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fuck KPOP,"An amazing game, with many broken fourth walls. We are the people as we sit back and watch as the amazing and touching story rolls before us unfolding how the narrator and his friend play their game."
,Recommended,303210,18281688,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Engyne,"This is weird, but in the good way.I really cannot get a general idea abut this. It really feels weird playing each level without knowing what is happening. At the end, you still don't know what happened.And when you make an idea about what happened, then, and just then, you will be playing."
76561198014634928,Recommended,303210,18281694,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,P. Rex,"I've played games for 20 or so years, and this is one of the best I think I will ever play.And it is a game."
76561198025521032,Recommended,303210,18281701,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,JacketYETI,"The beginners guide is a personal walk through of the troubles and hardships of any and all creative types, not only game design. It uses the medium of an interactive computer game to perfectly introduce you and allow you to experience the emotions and mindset of its creators. Left me heartbroken and in love all at the same time. Worth more than i paid."
,Recommended,303210,18281900,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,[F.E.I.T.A] SamagonTheSwift,"WHY GAME!? You broke my ""crying at a game"" virginity.... Even f**cking To The Moon didn't do that sh*it.....Let me sleep now."
,Recommended,303210,18282569,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Butter Milk,"So at the end of this guy I heard of this really cool place called under my couch, I might check it out, curl up there for a few hours you know. Have myself a good ol' cry."
76561198206838636,Recommended,303210,18282698,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,entropic,That was.... really intense.
,Recommended,303210,18281578,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Blimblam,"This ""game"" has one of the most emotional stories I have ever seen, this is a must play, and should only be played in one go."
76561198047779968,Recommended,303210,18282699,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Erbis,"It was a good, but dishonest game in the way it was sold, Hypotonic and Refreshing but from the surface could be considered a gimmick of a game - I understood the marketing choices that you all made to get this game out and about to the broader audeince.Luring the average human from a documentary on independant game development to the dirty and gritty over assessment to the finale what I consider as the solution to of all solutions.Ofcourse this is only my interpretation.Hope everyone found this game as immersive and fascinating as I did.TLDR; Emotional rollarcoaster that unsteadily slows down to a solution & Cheers for GG."
,Recommended,303210,18282737,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sergeant Stalfos,"If I can say anything about this game (or games, rather) it would be that it tells the story of a game designer, his games and the people who play them. That's it. Just don't play this game if you don't intend on playing through it in one sitting, and don't expect The Stanley Parable 2."
76561198035864161,Not Recommended,303210,18627287,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Wayas,Best refund I ever got.
,Recommended,303210,18622234,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,IgnorantPrimate,loved it
,Not Recommended,303210,19865680,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fogwalker,"The narrative of this game bothered me.The reason for this is that we are made to believe one of two things:The story being told is true and that we should have feelings and respect for what the author is saying, while at the same time if this is the case they are ripping off the original creator of work and making a profit off them.Thus it is most likely the 2nd thing which is that the whole game is based on lying to the player, and in which case knowing you are being lied to sours the whole experience. Who likes being lied to for a couple hours with the expectation in the end that you should care.So because both options are pretty bad I cannot give this game a thumbs up."
,Recommended,303210,18334062,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jawo,cabbage shapes our nation
,Recommended,303210,19463406,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Holzkohlen,Yes
76561198058329286,Not Recommended,303210,25385197,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ich_christian,And I realy paid money for that!!!♥♥♥♥ me.
,Not Recommended,303210,21121246,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,CaptainFluffyPants,"Waste of money. Feels like some emo kid ranting on and on about how he ruined his friendship, if you can find a deep meaning there then good for you but honestly I could live without it, it just wasn't fun at all."
,Recommended,303210,20438712,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Evil Jimmy,____Sexy?Sex____?Sexy?Sexy___y?Sexy?Sexy?___?Sexy?Sexy?S___?Sexy?Sexy?S__?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy??Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Se?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sex_?Sexy?__?Sexy?Sexy?Sex___?Sex____?Sexy?Sexy?___?Sex_____?Sexy?Sexy___?Sex_____?Sexy?Sexy____?Sex____?Sexy?Sexy_____?Se____?Sexy?Sex______?Se__?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sex________?Sexy?Sexy?sex_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?S________?Sexy?Sexy____?Sexy?Sexy?se_________?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?Sexy?_________?Sexy?Se_____?Sexy?Sexy?_________?Sexy?S____?Sexy?Sexy_________?Sexy?S_?Sexy?Sexy________?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy________?Sexy?Sexy?S________?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy______?Sexy_______?Sex_______?Sex_______?S
76561198202330858,Not Recommended,303210,26370702,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,happyhomemaker,"I really liked the Stanley Principle and thought this would be similar.  It is not.  This is more of a video that you walk through at your own pace.  As you hit certain points, the narrator will give you more insight into what he is doing and what he is trying to accomplish.  At no point is there any real choice on our part.  So, there is a lot of using the mouse and the WASD keys to walk the character through each part of the play.  Throughout the whole 30 minutes of walking and narration, I kept thinking that there must be more to it than just walking through a story.  I kept looking for the ""catch"" and even explored the areas to find the secret...I never found any.After 30 minutes I started to feel nauseous (it happens on some games).   The nausea started during the scene with the ""notes"" from other ""users"" (another person noted they felt nauseous after a bit also).  I decided to log off after that point and proceeeded to look up the reviews.  After reading many reviews, the negative reviews verified that there was nothing more to the ""game"", that there was no ""catch"" and this really was all there was to it.  I deleted it from my computer.Graphics were okay but not anything like other story games I have played (some comments said they were great...hmmm).  I believe this was all part of the set up of the play, though, so it fit.  The narration was fine and spoken as a normal person trying to talk through his decisions for doing this, which was also appropriate for what the writers were trying to accomplish.It is an interesting piece of visual writing/exploration, but it should not be listed as a game, it is not.  It is more of a philosophical play...not sure what category that goes under!  I keep quoting ""As You Like It"" by Shakespeare...""All the world's a stage and the men and women merely players..."" as I think about this ""game"".To get a good sense of what it is, I actually recommend that you read both the positive and negative comments.  I have found that I generally agree with what those who leave rational(!) negative comments state, even if I do not agree with their overall rating.This time, I do agree with their overall rating as I believed this was a game and not a philosophical play and so my expectations were different from what was presented."
76561198068837153,Not Recommended,303210,32354967,Posted: 11 June,all,vegardthedystryr,"Very Pretentious. Nothing like The Stanley Parable at all. This game has about an hour and a half of content, not worth the $10 price tag."
76561198052714314,Not Recommended,303210,29077369,Posted: 6 January,all,Proxy,"It's not without virtue, but it isn't what I expected.Was or is it something better than expected? It's more personal than a game would want to be and more art-noir and significant to people in the hobby or in the job of video game theory and design... than should it be disguised as a game.In other words you might want to experience this because of how it relates to a small demographic of basically lonely male video game enthusiasts who have embarked upon the journey of creation, in order to see your emotional landscape and evaluate your own priorities in life and think mature thoughts reflecting upon those of the developer.This narrative expresses both ""I'm too shy to be a success"" and ""I'm too determined to be an artist."" Duality. Paradox and perplexity. You knew what you were getting into if you'd played the Stanley Parable, even though ironically that game was full of pretense of being a game while this is completely empty. The first game was sardonic, this ""game"" is poetry.well anyway I don't recommend it as a game, but as art, it fits the mold."
76561198157925952,Recommended,303210,31872147,Posted: 20 May,all,AdaBlast,Who are youto judge someone elseand what defines happiness for him?
,Recommended,303210,29493579,Posted: 25 January,all,Schrödinger's cat,talk to me.
,Not Recommended,303210,19985640,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CrazedRed,"Bought it for $5 and looking for a deep, emotional story, and instead came out quite unsatisfied ."
,Recommended,303210,23911445,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dr Venture,"This game, is an experience worth experiencing, no matter what kind of games you actually enjoy, or what sort of personality you have, or what your current personal circumstances might be. Get it, experience it, and learn from it."
,Recommended,303210,26980758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,disseminate,Really good
,Recommended,303210,23906585,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lewis,"Excellent game, abit short. Would love to see a number 2 <3"
,Recommended,303210,18290515,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,memer yes,"Only singleplayer story game I've actually enjoyed playing in a while. The game has a very deep underlying theme, and although there isn't much in the terms of gameplay, this is an amazing title made by great people. Sort of wondering weather or not this is a true story right now, though enough about that. Don't read more reviews, just buy it. If you don't like it you could always get a refund. :)"
,Recommended,303210,29776334,Posted: 7 February,all,Marcmad,...What say?.. It changed my life.
76561198021794120,Recommended,303210,29785466,Posted: 8 February,all,Ziggy Stardust,STOP. TURN BACK... PROCEEDING FURTHER WILL ONLY RESULT IN MISERY.... Buttassbutt
,Not Recommended,303210,28874550,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bikonja,"First off, The Beginner's Guid is not a game, for the most part. It is essentially a story spoken to you with the content on screen complementing the story in a more interactive way than a movie, but that is necessary because of the story itself. An experience like that is not a game, but I would still recommend it if I thought it was good. The Beginner's Guide, however, is not.The Beginner's Guide tells a story about the human psyche. As a person suffering from PTSD and depression, that is a theme I struggle with every day. As a developer I can relate even more.The story is open to interpretation, you may take it at face value or you may seek deeper meanings. Another option you can do is to take it as an experience (and I say experience rather than a game because it really isn't a game) and not attach any meaning to it. Whichever way you choose to go, I would not recommend this, not even at the currently discounted €4.49 price tag, let alone the full price. The reason is that, whichever way you slice the story, unless you're taking it just as an experience with no real meaning, it is pretentious and has a much great value to the person telling it than the person experiencing it, yet the person experiencing is the one paying for it and the person telling it is the one receiving money for it. If you look at it as just an experience, rather than an experience worth your while you can look past some of the issues mentioned earlier, but you still get a not so interesting experience that you had to pay money for.The Stanley Parable was a great game, I love it and am really glad we got to experience it, however, this experience tarnished even The Stanley Parable for me. This is the kind of thing I would pay someone to experience, not expect someone to pay to experience it."
,Recommended,303210,24765490,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Scrambled,I was secretly crying to this game as my friend was telling me how horrible the old odd world series' game controls were on pc.
,Not Recommended,303210,18579035,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,CTRL+FU,"First 20 mins: ""Ok, this is different in a good way.""Next 20 mins: ""Still paying attention. I'm interested in this Coda fellow.""Next 30 mins: ""Ok, ok... seriously guys, when the ♥♥♥♥ did I start playing, 'Pink Floyd: The Wall: The Video Game'""??Last 20 mins (after the ""big reveal""): ""Wow, I can't believe a game went from interesting and relatable to someone just whining. This isn't even a game, more like a way for someone to get paid for their therapy session.""In the end, this is something different. Some may like it, some won't. I am hard pressed to call it a ""game"" in terms of the way most people would think of one. Maaayyybe you could say it's a kind of narrated walking simulator.I think the trailer is a bit misleading. You see a little of it right away, but you'll quickly learn that's the case as the narrator focuses on HIS thoughts/experiences with the person in question. What is the use in ""playing the games"" if you yourself don't draw any conclusions about them since you're railroaded by the narrator's thoughts? Even if, the game isn't really about that. Once the ""big reveal"" or ""twist"" comes you'll realize it wasall about the narrator anyway, So, if it's all true and Coda's a real person (which I don't believe) then it all comes off a little pretentious.I mean, the narrator is doing the same thing by making this game that ended their friendship in the first place, right?Also, wouldn't Coda have some kind of legal recourse against his games being packaged and sold without his permission?In the end it's not good, but it is an experience. It's about 90 mins, so you will waste as much time on this as a bad movie if you end up disliking it. If you're on the fence just know:It's not exactly like the trailer suggests.The twist ruins it (IMO).The ""game(s)"" only serve to push the narration along. So much so that sometimes you're just standing around waiting.I found it to be more of an interactive therapy session...errrr...movie.I paid $7.99. Do I regret it? Yes. But I waited 18 days to play it, so yeah. Had I paid 1.00 in a Humble bundle, I would have felt better about it.Pros:ShortDifferent type of experienceGood narrationGood soundtrackCons:Price (I feel like I should have been the one paid $7.99, since I felt like my listening to his problems and playing his game gave him the external validation he so badly wants)Different type of experienceStoryIn the end, this is not the worst game I've ever played, by far. It's just not good. It's definitely not worth 9.99. It's not even worth 4.99.While I personally can't recommend it as a GAME, I think it's moreso an experience, (just the narrator's and not yours). Given that, people are really going to take something different away from it depending on who they are as individuals.The best I can say is wait until a big sale (around 1.99) or a bundle and maybe turn off the tv for a few minutes to see if you can get into it. You may have a completely different experience than I did."
,Not Recommended,303210,29017301,Posted: 4 January,all,iħ∂/∂t|Ψ>=H|Ψ>,"Pretentious, very little interactivity. More of a modern art project than a game."
,Not Recommended,303210,24432198,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,andoo,Consider this product to be a waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,303210,20305279,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,AZ_Morenci_Dave,"Didn't HATE it, but still wasn't great by any means.  I was liking where it was initialy going, but in the end it's just a pretentious mess.  Worth it I guess for a few bucks, but if it's more than that - go see a film instead."
,Not Recommended,303210,20247746,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheBeardmang,"I just bought, played, and beat this game...I... don't know how i feel about it.its not fun, its quite boring its like a documentary about someone you dont know anything about and even at the end you dont really know them. reading about the game online people have all these theories about when everythen meant. but like idk. the game just makes you feel sad but confused and idk if its really about his friends games or all made up. its just weird. I cant really give this a thumbs up personally."
76561198085290310,Not Recommended,303210,33019292,Posted: 29 June,all,Jester the Great,"Personally, I wanted to like this game so much. I already love The Stanley Parable and I wanted another game that could match it in writing. However, this game was so slow and devoid of substance that I couldn't force myself to play it any more. I got as far as the end of the prison levels before I decided to stop, so maybe it gets more interesting after the point that I quit. My recomendation to anyone who is on the edge about buying this game is to watch a playthrough on Youtube instead. You can skip the boring sections and watch the important parts. If you want to buy this game already, this probably won't change your mind but it's still something to consider going into it. All in all, I can understand why people would want to play it and why they would enjoy it, but it isn't my personal choice when it comes to games."
,Not Recommended,303210,21302530,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ravingrowan,"It Shouldnt be this much as the creator is ""trying"" to reach the original creator but if it was it should be free"
76561198144493366,Recommended,303210,21719925,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Taylen,Deep. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,21340736,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Monsta X,"Play this game until you starve. While playing this, get yourself a headache because of thinking what the game wants you to tell. When your dead, you will understand the game.10/10 IGNR.I.P"
76561198046325571,Recommended,303210,18529754,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Ashfalor SaltBorneSouls,"Like ""The Stanley Parable"" it's something that everyone should experience, especially if you are creatively inclined."
76561198084402953,Not Recommended,303210,19320956,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MGLOQ,"It's not a game.There is not a single challenge in it. At no point you can go wrong or mess something up. Nowhere it expects you to be clever or do something at all. For me it would work better as a movie, really. Or a novel.The Beginner's Guide was for me like that train ride, where you stuck in a compartment with a guy who must tell you the story of his life even if you would rather just sit there and read your book. It's kinda interesting, there are some promising parts, so you try to participate, ask some questions or give some kind of comment, but he just keeps talking like you said nothing. Zero impact, you can only listen. He's so invested in his story that he fails to realise you feel less and less of emotions he tries to project. In his head he creates some beautiful, deep images, but what you get is just a bunch of obviousness in a boring setting. You reluctantly keep listening in case something interesting will happen, but then the ending comes and you are sitting there, frustrated as you realise you never really cared about any of it."
,Recommended,303210,20267879,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Vanical,Truely Amazing...
76561197995379773,Not Recommended,303210,19684872,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,manicxs,This game made me feel two things depressed and insulted.
,Recommended,303210,18327828,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,IcyNekoinabox,"The journey of a game dev, and watching his friend unfold in life.then watch that man fall apart, from his friend, who never truely liked him.this is the st ory of a man named coda...and another man, who made the stanley parable...lets go on a feels trip!"
,Not Recommended,303210,19832426,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,periurban,"Teenage existential non-euclidean angst.One of the most tedious, obvious and laboured ""metaphors"" I have ever encountered anywhere in any medium. Truly dreadful, immature and boring. Nearly two hours I wish I could erase from my life!We are supposed to believe the real developer of the Stanley Parable is talking about a friend who designs ""games"". More like ""rooms"". Rooms accompanied by annoyingly sincere (and not at all funny) ""narration"". Where the Stanley Parable was inventive, self effacing and cute, this is a turgid edifice of structured cod-psychology.The ""relationship"" between the ""real"" developer and the ""friend"" Coda never seems like anything other than a vehicle for the clumsy and badly imagined metaphor. Descriptions of how they met, and how their relationship was sustained is straight out of the pages of My First Novel, and the choice of narrator does nothing to hold the thing together. It's like listening to your little brother arguing with his school chums about which Ninja Turtle is the coolest.The biggest gaming disappointment in a very long time."
,Recommended,303210,19887291,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,socko,good game
,Recommended,303210,25705888,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ouránio só̱ma,"Let's see...Do you enjoy crying?Do you enjoy realzing what a piece of crap you are?Do you just want to enjoy a puzzle?Or perhaps ypu just want to spend an hour and thirty minutes?If you said YES to any of these, then this game is right for YOU!pleaseit's nice"
,Recommended,303210,25702873,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kellayyy,yes
76561198252655522,Recommended,303210,31538495,Posted: 4 May,all,R.B.Q-2012,phaac this game.............................................................................
,Recommended,303210,25778534,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Doggo back 8/10,"I'm going into this review spoiler-free, because I went into this game not knowing anything about it and you should, too.If you enjoyed The Stanley Parable, etc, find a spare 90 minutes to play this game, you won't regret it."
76561198352894920,Not Recommended,303210,30179032,Posted: 25 February,all,SinnersRise,"This is an interesting and thought-provoking 'game'. I actually enjoyed it for the almost 2 hours it lasted.However 'thought-provoking' alone does not warrant a 8€ price tag in my opinion. 2-3€ would have been fine, for 8€ I was expecting something a little bit more fleshed out (like the Stanley Parable)"
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,303210,32688260,Posted: 23 June,all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"Played through the entirety of the game in less than two hours. I know it's supposed to be an artsy type game but it really, REALLY dragged out in the end. Like they told you the big secret in the plot and then took another 20 minutes to add in the tear-jerking sentimentals with music etc.There was some parts where the level design felt overly abysmal, and I'm not talking about start-to finish as the whole point of the game is not having an ending. I'm talking about the parts where it would take you 4-5 minutes just to go down a ♥♥♥♥ing hallway only to be rewarded with another hallway and more narrator-jabs and bits.The dialogue etc. is never to the point, and the levels/games are really boring and don't provide a whole lot of interactivity while you hear the narrator drone on and on for the exact same thing he could have cleared up minutes ago with just a couple of sentences. If you expect me to listen to 10-minute biographies on a single thing while giving me nothing to do during the entire ♥♥♥♥ing game, of course its going to get boring.You could say why the game had no interractivity was because the ""developer"" (guy who made the levels in the story line) liked non-interactivity and abstract things, but unfortunately it feels more like a crutch so the devs didn't have to add any more things other than walking into the game. The most interactive parts of the game were probably the parts where you could see the notes ""left by other players"" and the one part where you are cleaning the house, but those get repetitive quick. It just feels like that character trait was forced in to that character just to make an excuse to not add anything gameplay wise. It doesn't even play into the story either. The most that trait does it just make it so other traits that do matter make a bit more sense for his character, but that's stupid anyways as his main traits should be reinforced and not reliant on other traits.I really feel like this game would have more than likely benefitted with the humour that Stanley's Parable had. Perhaps adding small easter eggs or things that people might miss or cracking a pun every once in a while. This game doesn't do any of that. It keeps a deadpan tone the entire game which results in a eye-gougingly boring and frustrating experience when combined with the long hallways and meh level design. It takes itself WAY to seriously.Worst part about the game has to be that it guilts most people into not hating on it, since it tries to exhibit the pain devs go through when they start to attract a fan base and they start demanding things.Overall a kind of meh game that is way to spread out and boring because it's trying way to hard to be ""artsy"". Avoid this game like the plague if you don't like ""artsy"" games. Good if you want to cry a little if you're really sensitive."
,Recommended,303210,20034382,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rezulux,The absolute most profound hour and a half I've ever experienced in my entire life.
,Recommended,303210,29148435,Posted: 9 January,all,Beratャ№⇨➊,"Do Not Read The Reviews !Believe me just go to the game blindly.its the best game ive ever experience in a while.2 hours short game,with a pure rich story behind a game developer.10/10 would totally play again"
,Not Recommended,303210,24506998,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Retizex,"The Beginner's Guide is a decent experience. It has virtually no game mechanics to speak of, and is therefore dependant on its story. While the story in this title is unique, and has a degree of deep meaning, I do not personally think that the story is worth the price. This experience is not for everyone. If you have any hesitation about buying, I suggest you don't."
,Recommended,303210,18375433,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Znetc,"Brilliant storytelling and a very interesting and dramatic story... runied by the fact that this game costs money :(* SPOILER !!! *What i meant about the price, is that the whole idea is based around the author collecting Coda's works and releasing it to get his attention. And the fact that the author asks money for these ""works"" ruins the plot. I would most likely believe in the story if the game was free."
,Recommended,303210,22787752,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,reillyitsJJ,here comes the feel train...choo choo :(
,Recommended,303210,22819334,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Tasso,Suh dude
76561198004148681,Recommended,303210,35335404,Posted: 30 September,all,sai`ke,"This is a tricky one to review. I personally did enjoy it. It is mostly a relatively short walking simulator with a story. I can't divulge too much without ruining the premise of the game, but the story leaves you with an interesting question. Whether you would enjoy it really depends on whether you like this sort of experience or not.It's definitely not another Stanley Parable. This one's story is pretty grim once you get into the meat of the 'game'."
,Recommended,303210,18295574,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dio Goldengate,"This is a movie that you can walk around in.It is worth the £5.59 I paid, in the same sense that I have spent more on watching shorter films or shows.So long as you assume you are paying for a short show then you've got a good mindset for this game.That's about all I have to say on the matter."
,Recommended,303210,18328679,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ballin' Princess Yohanious,"Is this game pretentious? Possibly.Does it classify as a walking simulator? Probably.Should you play this game? Absolutely.This game is an emotional experience the likes of which I haven’t experienced before in a game. This is a game that anyone who wishes to be a games developer should play before they even touch coding or think of ideas. Even if you like video games, you should try this out. You might not experience it in the same way as others, or as me, but it is an experience worth investing 2 hours of your life into, none the less.It’s similar to The Stanley parable in that it is an exploration of existentialism and gaming conventions. However, it takes a completely different, more philosophical approach. Without spoiling anything, it is basically a story of how two different points of view opposed each other, and broke down.***SPOILERS AHEAD, BE WARNED***...and the question remains; is Coda a real person, or simply part of Davey’s own personality?"
,Recommended,303210,18416885,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Duke Silver,this game is:confusingdepressingthought provokinglife questioningand just really REALLY good
,Recommended,303210,18289166,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,K[A]NE,"Sad Story. Need to add new genre: ""Overpriced Message""."
,Not Recommended,303210,18280141,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Manomow,"Just wasn't a fan. Seeing it came from the creator of the Stanley Parable and seeing the screenshots I thought the game was going to go in a completely different direction, but it just a bunch of stringed together half finished levels. I like the concept of that, but the whole commentary mixed with the way it was presented I wasn't sure if I was supposed to be taking it seriously."
,Not Recommended,303210,18351515,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,dermaniac,"I don't recommend this game because I at no point felt the main characters were relatable. All I could ever think of was ""Who are these people that waste years of their life doing nothing worthy of note and then get stressed out about it?""I just constantly wanted to yell ""Oh get a job"".And since the game failed so miserably at making me feel for the characters all of the story development felt dumb and didn't move me.It also tends to contradict itself a bit. Like when they question whether one should not have interpreted symbolism into the creation, when there are so many moments of obviously forced symbolism everywhere.Basically it feels like the game is making up a strawman, fights it for an hour and a half, and then tries to make you feel bad for fighting it in the first place. A cheap attempt to play your heart strings, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,303210,18325016,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FooBar,"I guess I just didn't get it.I really liked Stanley Parable, and am not averse to walking simulators (e.g. Gone Home), but this story has very little interactivity, and almost no payoff until near the very end, although that's just 1.5-2 hours in.It feel like it carries a deeper message or is supposed to make you think, but I didn't find it and it didn't achieve that.I guess I just didn't get it.On a technical level: I experienced an irritating bug if a xbox one controller is plugged in that several people experience, and the game crashed several times near the end, which is very annoying since you have to replay the whole level which isn't particularly interesting."
,Recommended,303210,18337507,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,1-555-NEW-CHOPPA,dank walking simulator.
76561198024505662,Not Recommended,303210,18293779,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Finn Kaenbyou,"Ninety minutes of my life I will never get back, a narrative that shoots itself in the foot with its ending, and a manipulative piece of emotional propaganda disguised as a supposedly 'true' story.I would rather sit in the broom closet for an hour and a half than play this again."
76561198040194876,Not Recommended,303210,18282356,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Delorian,"WTF did I just play?Was that real? Was that fiction?If it was real, how can the Wreden justify taking money for it? It´s an apology letter wraped in a copyright infringment.I´m so confuesed. And depressed. And thats so only thing im certain about this game. It made me depressed."
,Not Recommended,303210,18282517,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Anbrad,"This game is very interesting but I can't reccomend it by any means. I only payed 8.79$ for it but I honestly don't feel like its worth it at all. It's not a game you need to experience yourself, you could just watch a playthough (without someones terrible commentary) and get the same experience."
76561198025147176,Not Recommended,303210,18288858,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GoldenGecko,"A mighty strange ""game"". Some interesting ideas for game designers, but it seems that both the designer of the game and his friend have some serious issues to work through."
76561198057485756,Not Recommended,303210,18282566,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Linc,"If you think this game will be just as enjoyable and interesting as the Stanely Parable it's not.  This game wouldn't sell a single copy and no one would be interested if it wasn't made by the creator of the Stanley Parable.  I highly advise not buying this game.  Essentially this game is a walking simulator game with the narrator (not the same from the Stanely Parable in case you were wondering) exaplains the story about Coda, his friend who makes micro games that really have no point."
,Not Recommended,303210,18289241,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,EchoØ,"Ok, it's the very first time ever i ask for a refund on steam.Maybe i'm not sensitive enough to like this game."
,Not Recommended,303210,28124013,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Roady,"This is not a game, this is awful intellectual masturbation for hipsters."
,Not Recommended,303210,33165269,Posted: 2 July,all,deeplogic,"This game made me feel as if I’d been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by existentialism. It was forced upon me by this game’s designer. I think in some states, I could seek civil recourse for what is, for all intents and purposes, an assault by pretentious navel gazing.The game is narrated like a YouTube video. Looking for the fine voice acting from The Stanley Parable? Don’t look for it here. Not only did the narrator irritate me, but every member of the family around me had their nerves frayed.I, like many others, noticed that the desktop experience portrayed in the trailer was completely missing. You are in-fact led through a series of unfinished “games” and made to listen to the ramblings of an armchair philosopher who has never dared read Kierkegaard. If they indeed have, they surely didn’t produce a work worthy of further review for anyone that has.My play-time reflects long periods of walking away from the game out of sheer annoyance. The true play-time was around 90 minutes. If it had been any longer, I wouldn’t have toughed it out. In-fact, I only continued to play after the, oh, second chapter, because I wanted to give this a fair review. I was ready for the game to be over long before it ended.So, would I recommend this ""game""? Absolutely not. For anyone that believes this was a worthy expenditure of time, I encourage you to read a book. Read any text book on philosophy and you’ll have gained more in the first chapter than you ever did here. If I were to offer any recommendation, it would be just that: read a book."
,Not Recommended,303210,19126033,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jeff,Best refund simulator on steam
,Not Recommended,303210,26466406,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,AnimeWeedLord420,"I'm sorry if you felt depressed after stanley parable Davey. However, you need not release this wholely insubstantial, pseudo-philosophical, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cash in. If you want something entertaining to play, look elsewhere. If you want some trite mild mental masturbation for an hour pick this up (but only on sale). Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,303210,18295668,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Pyro Bob,"The Beginner's Guide is the first solo work for the creator of indie smash hit The Stanley Parable, Davey Wreden. The game is a ""narrative game "" that consists of a series of games made by his friend Coda, shown in chronological order, with Wreden narrating about their relationship and personal life. While it was an interesting concept, it lacked the charm, wit, or playability of TSP.Even at the opening sale price of $8 it felt overpriced for essentially sitting and watching a slightly more interactive video. It honestly felt like it should have been a free game. There's only about an hour and a half of story here and absoutely no replayability. It's basically an $8 movie ticket.The story polarized me. On the one hand it did something no game had ever really done by abolishing the fourth wall, the story itself came across as pretentious and, at times, tone deaf in a way I think was unintended. Itseems to bill itself as a 'true' story about the relationship between Wreden and Coda, but after playing it I can't help but think its 'true' in the sense that a horror movie is 'true'; maybe based on real events but given significant artistic liberty. While I won't spoil too much, the narrator by the end came across as entirely unsympathetic in an entirely unintended way. By the end, I felt nothing but contempt for him as a self-centered, selfish, and massive egomaniac of a person. The ""poor me"" ending just makes it seem like an abuser begging the victim to forgive him. The eventual moral tries to make a big point about understanding the characters in an abstract way but fails because everything up to that point contradicts the eventual 'revelation' at the climax.The level design itself was varied and colorful, though completely linear and utterly devoid of anything, but after all the story is the focus, not the gameplay. There is little for you to do besides wander around as you listen to the background behind the levels and the personal story attached. Literally about the third chapter the game tells you the engines excells at linear, blocky coridors, and boy did I get that in spades. In TSP sequence breaking, clicking everything, and doing the unexpected generally got you interesting, funny, or intelligent easter eggs. I got literally nothing here. Therefore I can honestly say if you really want to experience this game, your best bet is either to watch a Let's Play or someone streaming it. Unless you can get it for free its really not worth your time."
76561198036452765,Not Recommended,303210,18299748,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ramzanacci,"This expierience hit a little too close to home at the end for me. It is definitely different, not sure if it was worth the money. I liked it and hated it.... I don't know what to think."
,Not Recommended,303210,18318961,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Last Paladin,really deep and made me sad...tell i relised that the guy made the same mistake...and made money off of it
,Not Recommended,303210,18290977,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TerraSleet,"A short and simple walking sim that attempts to reel you in with a ""first world problems"" narrative but just comes out as self-centered, pretentious and cringeworthy. I don't know if the story being told is true or not (I personally doubt it is), but if it is Davey has serious issues and this is not the way to deal with them. I expected more from the creator of the Stanley Parable (though I admit I don't know anything about Davey, I just enjoyed the game).If you liked The Stanley Parable, I don't recommend this because it's the complete opposite in terms of narrative. It's similar to what you'd get if Phil Fish made a walking sim."
76561197982693640,Not Recommended,303210,18289605,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[EPIC-MCDADDY] Zom-B,"No. Just no. I loved TSP, have an ok tolerance for indie; Braid, Dear Esther, Slovenian street theatre, whatever. But I am too impatient for this nonsense. It is not a game, and it doesn't manage to do anything really interesting while not being a game. The beauty of the Stanley Parable was that you were still intact as a player. A player that was forced to reflect and was ridiculed and was included in the deconstruction of gameplay, but still a player. This game is a guided tour, and your tour guide is too involved with himself to pay any attention to you..."
,Not Recommended,303210,18286009,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lon,Felt too forced and dramatic to get its point across.
,Not Recommended,303210,31614039,Posted: 7 May,all,virtual suicide,A worthy attempt that eventually transcends nothing.
,Recommended,303210,18376719,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NickFade,"This game is AMAZING. Don't look at reviews, don't watch the trailer or any videos, EXPERIENCE it.I don't want to say anything about this game, because it'll ruin it. The less you know, the better the experience is.I highly suggest you buy this game and take an hour and a half by yourself to play this game, you will not regret it.It's not a long game but you'll be thinking about this game and will be able to discuss this game with other for much longer.It is an amazing experience that will convey many emotions. Please try it out, and if you play though it, please add me and leave a comment on my profile saying you'd like to discuss or just talk about the game, I'd love it :) I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone.Thanks!"
,Recommended,303210,18281500,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Psy0ch,"Im never really a person who buys a game by the release or for the ""full price"" (-20% is not so much saving so yeah) but i dare you. Play this game! dont watch the trailer! DONT READ MORE REVIEWS! DONT INFORM YOU!PLAY ITTry to get it for less then 5€ tho.After you´re done you can even refund it, its not that long..."
76561198054985268,Not Recommended,303210,30441864,Posted: 11 March,all,Swillyums,"Maybe I'm just not the target audience, but this really wasn't worth the time (nevermind money). If it were a movie it would be a bad one (dialogue, story, visuals, etc.), and it might as well be a movie for all of your interaction with it."
,Not Recommended,303210,19397534,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sendokami,"Took 1 hour to ""beat"" and had none of the charm of stanly."
76561197996425641,Not Recommended,303210,18280624,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,etothepi,"Tedious boring gameplay, pseudo-reflectional, not compelling, one long labyrinth (note to creator: a maze is *not* a labyrinth). Underlying message/reveal is shallow and uninteresting."
76561198067901832,Not Recommended,303210,26470075,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Professor Olavo,Fictional story about pretentious edgy teenagers. Vomited
76561198062173775,Not Recommended,303210,18622339,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Raven 900,"I'm a mature age gamer. I must've missed something in this game because it was the biggest waste of my time I can remember a game being. I think I understand the point from the designer's point of view but I found it really boring and pointless.If I want a discussion about existentiality and self awareness I will go to the library and check out some textbooks. I don't need it in games.I have NEVER left a review on a game before (positive or negative). I only do so now to try to save someone else the pain.I'm sure there are people that like this genre. It's certainly not me.Do yourself a favour, read some reviews (don't know if there's gameplay on youtube, it would be pointless to watch) before you play. I want my $9.99 back. I feel that $1.99 would be an appropriate price."
76561198143136349,Not Recommended,303210,28850252,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Emad Y,"Short ""game"" without much 'essence'.The ""message"" it's trying to send is also pretty lame, and I didn't care for it one bit.Only get it if you're a billionaire and can't think of a better way to spend your money. Wouldn't recommend ""playing"" it, even if you do buy it though.(Had I not left to lunch and left it running I would have immediately refunded it)."
76561198047094698,Not Recommended,303210,18283198,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ShinyBaubles 2: Bauble Harder,"This game won't work for me, it just black screens whilst playing the sound of the main title screen. I see the ""Unlimited Ltd."" but nothing after that."
76561197970631956,Not Recommended,303210,18283659,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dr.Cube,"DO NOT BUY THIS ""GAME"". This guy just took a bunch of poorly constructed levels by his friend and tried to add meaning to them. I would have seen the sincerity of it, trying to connect to a friend. But then I relised it's just a cash gab to make money. If the guy really just wanted to reconnect with his friend he wouldn't have charge other people for his work."
76561198062044514,Not Recommended,303210,18300676,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,museste,"I loved the Stanley Parable and went into this game spolier free as recommended. Im afraid I personally was not greatly moved by the story. I went completely in with an open mind and it just wasnt my cup of tea, thats nothing against the game, thats just me and me alone.I know a lot of people have emotionally connected with this game and thats fantastic, therefore im not going to say this game is good or bad. all im going to say is this is not the Stanley Parable and your overall enjoyment of this game will depend on who you are as a person and possibly your life experiences."
76561198071942224,Not Recommended,303210,18300796,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Negimaki,"This game is interesting, and I'd say I enjoyed it, but I can't get over how very, VERY pretentious it is. If it were a statement on the difficulty of creative endeavors or the boundaries of friendship or existential ennui, etc., which THEN OFFERED an empowering perspective or even just a thesis statement of some kind, I could see myself getting behind it. Instead, I'm genuinely irritated that by the end of this experience Davey can offer no meaningful commentary besides a near maudlin plea for acceptance and respect. It screams in anguish, but doesn't take a break from self-pity to reflect.The game is so specific about the relationship of its characters it seems out of place in a fictional story. I even find myself holding some legal qualms. Never before had I felt as though I should have signed a Non-Disclosure Agreement before playing a game. Perhaps I've missed a disclaimer somewhere clarifying ""The Beginner's Guide"" as a fictional meta-commentary on fandom, or more specifically the occassional failure of fans in discerning the difference between genuine friendship and excessive adulation, but if this mysterious ""CODA"" person indeed exists, I could see him preparing a lawsuit against Mr. Wreden for pricing his games and releasing them to the public without his permission or knowledge.If CODA doesn't exist then, well, you've covered your butt legally, Davey. That sure was an elaborate, schizophrenic ruse. Well done.Better yet, I'll be able to hold out for the hope that you're not a completely insane, approbation-dependent jerk seeking the friendship of other, equally unpleasant human beings. Maybe you're a great guy, but seriously: this game is not flattering to its characters."
,Not Recommended,303210,18293999,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"It's a great game, and all but i just feel like something is missing. i could slightly relate to some of the themes but i just need some kind of closure. Some kind of message, or something to take away from the whole experience. The game itself is beautiful, and well made."
,Not Recommended,303210,18320352,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,LUCKY [TLB],I don't understand this game. There is no objective to it. Just some guy talking about his friend about making games. I really don't understand it.
,Not Recommended,303210,18285049,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Panickypuppy,"First I'll say that if this was a 2 dollar or less game, I'd probably recommend it for the experience, so if it's on a steam sale for less than that, pick it up.At worst, it feels exploitative of the customer base. At best, a few people will find deep meaning in it. Mostly, if it was a 2 dollar game instead of a 10 dollar game (game doesn't describe it as it's just an art piece) I wouldn't have a problem with it, but it's the first game I've thought about refunding on steam. Not because I hated it or anything, but I just can't get the scummy feeling out of my head that it was made as a cash grab to pull in people who want to feel intellectual and drive sales through a few creatives who it means a lot to saying just that.I'm not going to refund it, because I played the whole thing, so that would be kind of scummy on my end, but anything else Davey Wreden puts out will not be on my watch list, although I absolutely loved The Stanley Parable. A few things definitely hit home with me, but no more than many random posts on reddit about heavy topics. There's nothing new being said here.That being said, the music in this game is absolutely fantastic. So there's that.I'm sure Davey views this as a cathartic experience he's releasing, but at 10 dollars, it just doesn't feel like a personal experience he's sharing with people, but a short experience that he did an indeterminate amount of work on (not sure how much the levels were edited, assuming the narrative is actually true and not simply for the sake of being an art piece) for some cash. :("
,Not Recommended,303210,18315019,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rask Vann,Decent enough story wrapped up in a walking simulator. However the story isn't worth the 1.4 hours it took to tell it. I enjoyed myself and would consider this game great if the walking speeds was doubled so it took half the time.
76561198008360743,Not Recommended,303210,28495935,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rive7,"I felt like Stanley while playing this game. Pushing the buttons I was told to push...To be clear, I was not expecting yet another Stanley Parable game... but I was not expecting to a have a walk through a collection of unfinished source engine maps either.Regardless of whether the story was about a real person or Davey's creativityit was a disappointing experience (especially the soapy ending).Skip this one and play Stanley Parable."
76561198076106312,Recommended,303210,18320259,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mg2112,"The most emotional game I've played on steam. Don't look up anything about the game, just play it."
,Not Recommended,303210,33536620,Posted: 14 July,all,Mark,I have only two things to say about this...It looks nicer in the store page and it wasn't worth it.That is all.
76561198020568454,Recommended,303210,18373470,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,-NTR- Babz,"I just finished this game, one of the best works of art i have ever had the priveledge to be a part of. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18365145,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SpaceJammerSlammi,"The right length for this kind of game and really well written.  The Beginner's Guide speaks to me on a personal level in a few different ways.  This is not a comedy like the Stanley Parable was, so don't go in expecting that.  It also doesn't have the branching paths or replayablity of that game.  But it is a compelling experience.  And it's absolutely worth playing."
,Not Recommended,303210,24779514,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,a chaser of ball,"There are some beautiful levels in this, but I prefer to enjoy worldbuilding in actual games. This is just a pretentious uninteresting story with no gameplay at all."
,Not Recommended,303210,19203280,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Stump_DK,A game with absolutely no purpose. Unlike The Stanley Parable you can not defy the narrator or make any choices for yourself... This game is the diffinition of Walking Simulator.All in all a waste of time and money.
,Recommended,303210,18303625,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Andrew Klosterman,"This is one very special game. Just about 2 hours of gameplay.. or. Is there really any gameplay? I don't think anyone can ever explane this game. I guess, you should play it yourself.p.s. Lamposts are cool."
76561198087427221,Not Recommended,303210,24368491,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tyran,"Not a fan, I suppose from an un-biased view point, the ""game"" is nice enough. but the problem is, to me, that there is no real game here, you just hold 'W' for an hour and a half, and then you're done. The story seems nice, and the ending is well done, but I can't really recommend this as a game, the whole time I played, I only stayed on, hoping something would get interesting, but it just felt so boring."
,Recommended,303210,18287947,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,JordyT (BREAGG),"try this game... I don't know what to say without spoiling it.(I played 2 hours of it, my mum played .7 of those hours, most of my playthrough was pausing and messing around, people said it was 1.5 hours. That might be true, but I took my time.)BTW, I belive this game to be better then The Stanley Parable, in fact it might have made the idea of The Stanley Parable better, just saying..It's not a stanley parable though, its just the context and the time when the mod was released"
,Not Recommended,303210,26698081,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Daegara,The game is effectively an pseudo-apology of the creator to a colleague he felt he wronged. The game achieves this in a very over-the-top forced 'artistic' narrative that doesn't really add much for the player save to wonder WTF they just played and why.
,Not Recommended,303210,23832069,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,3quilibrium,"This is more a person trying to understand the content of another person’s games (and perhaps their self) than a game in and of itself. It is an uncomfortable look at what makes a person tick and how we look at and interpret them and their creations. The gameplay mechanics are sparse, odd and frustrating given that many of them were never meant to be played.The Beginners Guide is certainly an interesting journey but I can’t really say I enjoyed it. It was as uncomfortable for me as it was confusing.If you want something a little different and like to try to get inside someone’s head  then give it a go if you can get it cheap."
76561198024981266,Not Recommended,303210,18435153,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dr venkman,This game is so full of itself you could be fooled in to thinking Kanye West made it.
,Recommended,303210,25270349,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,oh,Bunnyhopping simulator
76561198201823508,Recommended,303210,24438059,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gumbiman,"This is the Synecdoche, New York of Video Games. Instead of delving into the mind of a writer, this disects the mind of a Video Game creator. Not all Video Game creators, but one, from the mind of an individual. Literally saying anymore wouldn't do The Beginner's Guide justice. Plus there was some moments that reminded me of Evangelion.  :)9/10"
,Not Recommended,303210,18311399,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Invalid Search Result,"I don't regret refunding this pretentious garbage in the slightest. Even if it's supposed to be thought-provoking, I'd much rather play games of this caliber without some guy with a big enough ego to huff his own farts lecturing me and interrupting my gameplay to explain something."
,Recommended,303210,18279431,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,skeledude,"I have yet to play much of this game, but it's quite the experience. A walking simulator almost by definition, but a fascinating look into a person's mind."
,Not Recommended,303210,26304712,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Iggy,"Play by play of the first hourHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥slowest intro ever. This better be good.Oh good, pretenious game dev talk about a walking sim map.The premise of this game sucks. ""Here's my friends garbage maps check it out"" yeah ♥♥♥♥ you too dude. Must be nice to ride the momentum of your success by phoning it in.""You get a gun, it doesnt reload"" oh wow. So edgy.""it's a short experiment combining motion and narrative"" - about a game you can only move backwards in.Nope. ♥♥♥♥ this game. I'm out.Don't get this, it's for pretentious indy losers as they drink fine wine paid for by their trust funds."
,Recommended,303210,34053299,Posted: 5 August,all,FunnyFun21!!!!,Please play this game.
76561198000358833,Not Recommended,303210,24030763,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Cider King,"It's ""art"" or something, so i know this will get downvoted to hell. But when I saw that it was created by the guy who made stanley parable I boughyt it w/o doing my research, and.... It's not funny at all."
,Not Recommended,303210,21653298,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lil Broomstick,"This game is very, how do I put this? Interesting. It is a very good story and all but there is a problem with it, two actually. It is way to short, I finished this in 97 minutess. The second point is, there is usually such a big map in the games but hardley any of it is used! I think you're better of watching a video of it with no comentery."
,Recommended,303210,18294443,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Olive Mae Martini ❤ [B²],"DO NOT READ SPOILERS.But honestly, prepare for the feels train.This is the smartest game I have ever played, and I say that with no hyperbole. I expected it to be like 'The Stanley Parable' but...No.It's a different kind of clever.And really it touches the most human part of you.Of us."
76561198307304237,Not Recommended,303210,26413005,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ethanyeah,"Spent 1.5 hour to finish the game, not really what i expected & it is kinda boring"
,Not Recommended,303210,23964722,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RedLeaderToBase,"The Beginner's Guide is a... well it's a violation of a man's privacy. A desperate plea from the narrarator of the game to get back his old friend who despises him, hates him. This game sickened me."
,Not Recommended,303210,20135995,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MλXX [PA-D] (◕‿◕✿),This wasn't worth my money.
,Not Recommended,303210,28480883,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Electrology,"sorry, i get that this game is supposed to be really deep and i got it with the stanley parable thinking this might be a fun bundle not looking at what it was. i understand the story and everything but it was just a very boring game. i get how some people my like it because it speaks to their anxiety or what have you but if youre playing it to play a game and not just listen to a story you'll be dissappointed. And if this dude was serious about saying sorry to his friend if this is a true story then why put it on steam... for money no less. But it might just be a story. like i said, i've done no research on the game and could see the appeal for some people but seriously look at it before you take the bundle option because i was dissappointed."
76561198030247185,Recommended,303210,18281385,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PrankQueen88,"A beautiful and personal game. I found it very fascinating, except at one point the game glitched out and I couldn't move. I didn't know if it was a glitch or not... Far too meta."
,Recommended,303210,18283408,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Pacifista Indômito,...
76561197960760763,Recommended,303210,31175542,Posted: 16 April,all,Frank_Bob,owje
,Recommended,303210,21632045,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Spud Bencer,"A game you probably just play once, but you'll be glad that you did."
76561198043103788,Not Recommended,303210,23732006,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Idranoid,"I bought this game expecting a great, fun and interesting narrative experienceWhat I got instead was game crashes after game crashes, getting two blue screen of deathsI tried a ton of stuff and nothing worked, in the end, I ended up asking Steam for a refund, apperently i'm not the only one with this problem.Best computer crashing simulation experience I've ever experienced, thrilling to the end.But seriously, don't buy this game unless you have a good enough computer for it."
,Recommended,303210,20604059,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MuffinDude,This game needs a sprint button.
76561198031875543,Recommended,303210,18291614,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Poliban,A masterpiece
,Recommended,303210,18291354,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Phinomenon,"When I bought this game I was not sure what I expected. The highly popular Stanley Parable with its incredibly sophisticated and deep narrative was a blast. So, like many other I thought: this is a game by one of the creators of one of my most favorite games of all times. I didn't care that you can finish the Beginner's Guide in about one and a half hours. Neither did I expect an action packed shooter, or an engaging thriller. The only thing I wanted was a story...Let me tell you right now, this is what I got! An captivating emotional journey. It is both simple in gameplay and hard to understand. The Beginner's Guide attempts to understand a person through seeing (and playing) his work. Davey  Wreden leads the player through the weird games of his unknown game designer friend ""Coda"" and shares his interpreation of what the player experiences. On this path through various small games an image of this Coda begins to form in your head. You'll think you know this mysterious man, who is working on games, but never shows them to anyone.You'll run through mazes, chasing after Coda, maybe Wreden, or maybe even yourself. This game is as much a game as it is not. It addresses you on meta-levels beyond anything I thought was possible and from chapter to chapter I could feel myself shifting through emotions. Sometimes gradually, sometimes instantly.When I was done playing The Beginner's Guide I was torn. For a very long moment it left me empty in a limbo of my own thoughts. What should I think of this? Was the story they told me the true thing? Were that intimite thoughts of Wreden or a scripted plot he followed right to every small detail? Does this Coda exist? I am not sure. Yet I would not care either way.In my opinion The Beginner's Guide is an indie masterpiece and deserves nothing less than the most attention possible. This game made me happy and made me want to cry. It was inspiring and disconcerting. The deep message of the game touched me in a certain way. I felt connected to both Wreden and Coda, none of whom I know. It was more than I expected and everything I hoped for. Elaborate thoughts about a person you do not know were presented in a way that the player thinks he might understand. Even though he probably can not.Should you be a fan of action or intaractivity, someone who does not want to think about much while playing a game, then The Beginner's Guide is not for you. However if you are searching for answers, about others and maybe yourself. Or if you like an engaging, emotional, simple, artistic, appealing, deep, and meta game than you should definitely check this game out.In my opinion it is one of the greatest thought-provoking games out there. It was worth every cent. To me Wreden will be known as one of the best game designers ever from here on out. I am looking forward to more games like this and will  keep thinking about The Beginner's Guide many years to come."
76561198084112814,Recommended,303210,18291373,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheUnholySmitty,"I don't know what to say... I guess I should give my opinion. This is a story. About video game development, and somthing I don't quite know how to write down. It is narrated and decently functional, although it crashes when you press the ""9"" key. If you are interested in a very deep experience this is for you, if your looking for stanley parable 2, you wont find it here. Do I reccomend this game.........As a game, no. I do not reccomdend this in the slightest. As an experience, I whole heartedly reccomend this. Hope this helps, and I'm sending good thoughts to the developer.*NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW"
,Recommended,303210,18292202,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,radiales,"Great game, i really cant explain it its like the Stanley Parable, you just have to play it for youreself."
76561198055318578,Recommended,303210,26353016,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,_-TehEpicPotato-_,"So much beauty to experience as you adventure through a story, narrated by a man with a nice voice, about a friend. (won't spoil anything here.)Travel through many small games made by this friend that each have different but very similar meaning and are in a way, connected to one another.I found myself playing this a second time because this.. playable story is very intriguing and gets you thinking about lots of things about not only the game but your own life too.I do recommend this game to you because I really think it's worth your money and your time.Thumbs up.9/11."
,Recommended,303210,23909690,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TenTwoJuan,I came for memes. Left with an existental crisis
,Not Recommended,303210,23913052,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mlucasl,"Good Game, but I expected a lot more. Coming from the Standley itself.Narrative: Not the best, As I said, I expected more, I didn't ended with a psicological breakdown.Buy it if you are interested in a short sort of good story.But there are a lot of better stories... Even in BOOKS!! Can you imagine that!"
,Not Recommended,303210,24043225,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,siliconminded,"A very disappointing follow-up to the Stanley Parable. The description warns you that this has ""no traditional mechanics, goals or objectives"" but TBG is so utterly without meaningful interactivity that even that warning isn't strong enough. The only thing differentiating this experience from a film is that you can look around, but there's nothing to see. All you get is a dull capital-A Art presentation of a message about how you shouldn't attempt to see meaning put into art - which is an interesting self-negating premise, in principle. Unfortunately, as a player forced to hold the forward key and nothing else for 90 minutes, the message feels more like an extended middle finger directed at it's audience than anything profound."
,Recommended,303210,18380781,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mikayla the vassal,Powerful
,Recommended,303210,18440517,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,Indescribable.Games are art. Thank you for the experience.
,Not Recommended,303210,23196511,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Adrian,https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Fingers_and_thumb_in_circle_downward_motion.jpg
,Recommended,303210,18387874,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,krides,"The Beginner's Guide is a very important game. It shouldn’t be streamed, reviewed in the traditional sense of the word or even spoken of. It’s a very special game. Don’t watch YouTube videos of it. Don't look at the screenshots. Don't even watch the trailer. You’d be robbing yourself of something very special.It may be good, or it may be bad, but you need to live it yourself and make your own impression. I am recommending that you play it. In fact, I'm begging you to play it, but who am I to decide whether it is good or bad? It is what it is, and what it is needs to exist, and people need to see it with their own eyes and hear it with their own ears.“The Beginner’s Guide is a game about–” No. Stop it. Don’t do it to your fellow humans. Talking about The Beginner’s Guide is like smelling about a symphony or dancing about a cake. What’s the point?"
,Not Recommended,303210,29057023,Posted: 6 January,all,mnt,"~100 minutes ""playing"" time. Interesting experience, but overpriced."
,Recommended,303210,19549327,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Moof,"An incredible story that puts your entire brain to a test. Don't get me wrong it's not a puzzle nor a frustrating and high phase game but.. It has something to it that just makes you think at a whole new level.For a story telling game where there's no real goal other than your time and patience to listen to someone, this can really bring a tear to your eyes and give you a thrilling experience. I would definitely recommend this game no matter what genre you like and even if you don't like playing that many games at all, it's about the experience."
,Not Recommended,303210,18302435,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Synth,"A follow up to the Stanley Parable would have been witty, humorous, and clever.The Beginner's Guide is cheesy, sappy, and meaningless. I kept expecting the narrator to get cut off and for the intro to be a parody of ""artistic"" games but no, really, the game drones on for 2 hours with no emotional connection forged. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,303210,18282723,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TripSin,"Never trusting Steam %positive reviews ever again.How does this game have so many positive reviews? What a waste of $8 and time out of my life. The game is worse than the trash games within the game.Here's what the game is: Davey Wreden, creator of The Stanley Parable, makes you walk through a bunch of garbage, throw-away games one of his friends supposedly made with the Source engine while he pretentiously overanalyzes everything in them, His friend never published these games because they are, in fact, trash, throw-away ""games"" he made using the Source engine.No Davey, there aren't boxes in the sky of your friend's garbage Couter-Strike map because they are supposed to represent the fragmentation of his metaphysical superego. They're there because he was just messing around with the editor and randomly put ridiculous objects all over the place.And no Davey, the games aren't unfinishable because they represent the inconquerability of life. They're unfinishable because they're garbage, throw-away works he didn't care to finish or never got around to finishing.Makes me question if The Stanley Parable was even as good of a game as I thought it was."
,Not Recommended,303210,18280541,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BadassFreeman,"I have mixed feelings about this. The problem is, I can't really talk freely without spoiling the video, that's why I'm gonna hide most of the text. Please, do not make it visible if you want to play it at some point. Just scroll down instead:This game is, quite literally, an apology. That's what it is. The Dev wanted to tell this ""Coda"" person, who we get to know by his work, ""sorry"". It's a really meaningful thing to do, but... Does this game seriously need to have a price? Let me explain myself here. The game will last less than two hours. The game offers little to no gameplay, as it's more of a story-driven game just like Stanley Parable, but without the freedom to carve your own path, you can only go forward and go deeper into the projects of ""Coda"". You will spend 90% of the time running forward with a narrator speaking to you. An experience like this shouldn't cost you 7,19€ with a 20% discount, or 8,99€ at full price. I can tell you, if it was free, then it would ACTUALLY achieve it's prupose, more people will play it, more people will talk and share about it, and eventually even ""Coda"" will find about it. This way though, it feels weird. Infact, ""Coda"" got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the unnamed Dev (if he says his name on the game, I forgot about it, sorry) because he released his games to other people. AND THIS IS YOUR APOLOGY!? YOU RELEASE HIS GAMES ON A COMPILATION GAMEFOR MONEY?!That's just wrong. It goes completely against any reason. By this point I just think that this ""Coda"" guy doesn't exist, because if he did, then this wouldn't be the way to say sorry. You mess up big time again, get paid for it, and will probably♥♥♥♥♥♥him even more. Just let that sink for a moment, it really is messed up.In the other hand, the game does a lot right. The story is touching. The music is perfect. That being said, I don't feel like this nails the point instead of missing it by a little in the end. My suggestion? The Dev should put the game to a lower price, something like 2-5€. If that doesn't happen (it could be the case), then the players should wait for a discount on it. I personally feel like 7,19€ and furthermore 8,99€ is kind of a ripoff, even if the game is great, when it won't last for much, has no replayability, and might never achieve it's prupose at all.Do I recommend it in the end? Yes, and no. Steam needs a Neutral rating. Personally, buy it on a sale unless the Dev lowers the price. Otherwise, just leave it on your Wishlist, wait until you get the chance to buy it at a reasonable price, and for the love of God don't let anyone spoil it to you: even the trailer can be a spoiler. For now, my review will be negative. If the Dev does change the price of it, I'll most likely change it to a positive one: but as it is, I just don't see a reason for this to exist.Just say sorry next time."
,Not Recommended,303210,18288386,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Soopey,"Paid 8 dollars to play some ""games"" and then listen to someone talk about their personal issues.  Granted the story was something.  But in the end of the game...  I felt like I just paid 8 dollars just to hear someone apologize to someone that they may never see again.The part I'm trying to understand was that Davey was Coda's friend, but did Coda even consider Davey to be a friend in the start and/or end?"
76561198120223968,Not Recommended,303210,31599751,Posted: 7 May,all,Wertigooo,This is a pseudo-intelectual game which would be unknown unless the creator previously made the Stanley Parable. Besides some decent game desings there is almost nothing interesting in the game. The story is boring and pathetic.
,Not Recommended,303210,18297560,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Thorglund,"Please DO NOT ignore reviews to this game. There are NO SPOILERS here, but you should know what you're getting into before dropping ~$10.I really, really tend to applaud any game that tried to be ambitious in mechanics or narrative. This game does both, but (perhaps intentionally) just falls flat in execution. The whole thing felt like a prologue. Although, I genuinely enjoyed playing through the begining, anticipating a surprising yet inevitable conclusion, it never really delivered.Oh, and the pandering. Do we really need a video game to tell us that people crave positive affirmation? I understand that a lot of people were emotionally moved by this game, so maybe it will strike a cord in you. But maybe, like me, you will play through it and come to the end with a shrug and a ""so?""All in all, this game is about as subtle as having crater-full of Atlas Shrugged copies dropped on your big toe. If you like that sort of thing, go ahead. If not, take a pass, There are episodes of teletubies that evoke more genuine emotion."
,Not Recommended,303210,18334349,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Judson,"This is probably the first game I've ever played that I'm actually opposed to on a moral level. If the narrative is to be believed, the creator committed a genuine violation of trust and then made it exponentially worse through the publication of this game, a stunning and thought-provoking incursion into the private life of the individual who gave no consent for his work to be used."
,Not Recommended,303210,29794681,Posted: 8 February,all,ValentineHorseradish,"I loved Stanley Parable and I enjoyed this game immensely also. It was a heartfelt tribute to someone dear to the developer. But I cannot recommend that anyone pay ten dollars to hear someone going through a crisis, and desperate to share his self absorbment. This game should be free. He should be working out his problems in therapy, as I do, not making other people pay him. I feel like I was stolen from, even though I enjoyed myself. I don't know if that makes any sense.""Coda"", whether fictional or real. needs to essentially ""grow up"". Then again, the heart of creativity lives in a child.... so keep up the good work.I wish I could both reccomend this game and not."
,Not Recommended,303210,30399699,Posted: 8 March,all,Tigref,The experience is really miserable.
,Not Recommended,303210,33656952,Posted: 19 July,all,franius8,"The game overally is crap. In my opinion you cannot compare it to The Stanley Parable, for example/ The sory is dull and rebarbative. The game overally is not worth even one cent."
76561197975906621,Not Recommended,303210,28227403,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,One Shot Man,"interesting game, but not worth a buy. you can just watch the game on youtube."
76561198206278651,Not Recommended,303210,28380056,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Dominator,"Let me be straight. I personally suspect that the reason this game is called ""The Beginner's Guide"" is to make people think that this game is a necessary step before playing the Stanley Parable. Well it's certainly not, it has no tie with Stanley what-so-ever. Depite the amazing quality the Stanley Parable is, this game is just an apologizing scheme to the friend ""Coda"". Forgive my language but Coda seems just having a normal depression and displaying symptoms every depressed patient has. I don't see anything particular in all the games he made and certainly not refelcting many wisdoms, merely a way of expressing himself through the process of making games, as other people would drop down thoughts on their journals. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME THINKING YOU'LL HAVE A BRAND NEW ""STANLEY PARABLE'S"" EXPERINCE, CAUSE YOU WON'T."
,Not Recommended,303210,26446157,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LaFoRiK,"I really wanted to play this game.I love ""Stanley Parable"", it's maybe my favourite piece of interactive storytelling.Unfortunately that game is fueled by humor and this one is fueled by...pretenciousness?You just walk through empty corridors, listening to nonsense.Quite boring to be honest.What a pity."
,Not Recommended,303210,24768721,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kittybooze,If you enjoy pretentious indie game developers you'll love this!
,Not Recommended,303210,29678068,Posted: 3 February,all,Claymore1001,its not worth the price
76561198075965651,Recommended,303210,20255868,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aiden,"I am not a native speaker, however, as far as I am concerned, this game definitely makes me think a lot.According to IGN (THE BEGINNER'S GUIDE REVIEW),We are told this by Davey Wreden himself, the emotive narrator of The Beginner's Guide.Before experiencing this video game, I have been thinking that lower voices are more magnetic, but now the narrator (the author of this game) proves that there are more attractive styles. Rumors say that Davey had got stuck in deep depression for a while, and I hope everything goes on well now. Thankfully I checked hisTwitter accountafterwards, and he seemed pretty well till I posted this essay.Now back to the topic, what was I going to express? Never mind, just remember it is worth your purchase as long as your   English is not too poor."
76561198089700247,Not Recommended,303210,30213569,Posted: 26 February,all,WANDA,"$10 walking simulator. Predictable, shallow, heavy-handed. And the worst part is it's spoon-fed to you by a narrator.  The times when it feels like you're actually responsible for what happens are seldom and slight. I was so sure the game would eventually shuck away the constraints of the ""story"" and grow into something-anything other than an illusion of a game. Nope.It feels very small. The games, the story, the narrator, you. Oddly though, for how small the game felt, I was constantly tapping SHIFT to hopefully be able to move faster through the game. Ironically, it's only replayability value lies in how short it is.I'd save your money and watch the walkthrough on Youtube. Just hold the ""W"" button and you basically have the game."
,Not Recommended,303210,18691208,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,CockroachAfro,3deep5you and the reason steam refunds exist.
,Not Recommended,303210,29738780,Posted: 6 February,all,Zorthax,"Usually in a case like The Beginner's Guide: the second game from the developer of a largely successful game (The Stanley Parable), I would avoid comparing it to the latter, as I feel it would be unfair. However, based on the steam description and one of the first lines in the game, I think it wants to be compared to The Stanley Parable, so I'll do as such.The Stanley Parable featured two great characters, Stanley and the narrator; it featured a huge list of different choices the player could make, and had a great sense of humor. The Beginner's Guide also features two characters, the narrator and the friend, however neither character is likeable, and the game features no choices to keep the player invested. I was interested at th start, somewhat bored during 80% of the middle, and somewhat satisfied with the ending (which I feel went on for too long).The Beginner's Guide is a walking simulator with heavy narration and it's all about game development. Everything within the previous sentence is something I would usually love, I enjoy relaxing games that can make me think; I'm also a game developer. I feel like I'm the perfect person to play this game, and yet I still don't like it. The narrator comes off as extremely pretentious, and neither him nor his friend are in any way believable human beings, which sucks due to the game trying to be a believable story.Without going into any real spoilers, there's a little more to this game than just being something to play, and for those reasons I feel a little guilty being so critical, but it's those same reasons I'd feel guilty if I wasn't. I don't think it's an experience worth the full price, but I think there's something in the game that could have made it great. Due to state of mind, I understand why it is how it is, so I'll just end this by wishing the best for the developer."
,Recommended,303210,18348110,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,GeiriVaffla,Got to shoot everything until it was dust..i rate 9/11
,Not Recommended,303210,28723728,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Technochips,didn't exepted the game tobe that sad4/10
,Not Recommended,303210,26339736,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kochanoff,too much philosophy
76561197989049513,Not Recommended,303210,31669380,Posted: 10 May,all,Paparho,"I didn't like this game much. And then it was over! Well, that was quick. It is a very short game, less than 2 hours.It's not really a game, it is story telling and you walk along with the story. Only, I never did have any emotional bonding with the story. Thought it was very uninteresting and uninspiring. From other reviews I had hopes of at least an ending that would stay with you for some time. But nah.The overall mood of this game is depression and social distortion on a lineair progressing scale.As a positive note. The soundtrack (ambiance sounds) is very well made.And the end titles song is beautifull."
76561198302103962,Not Recommended,303210,28115265,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,130erickson,"The story is either a complete work of fiction in which its writer is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or its writer is an actual, complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to the creator of the games. The games' creator specifically requested that these games be shown to no one but this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thought it was okay to release all of them and postulate on the guy's mental health."
,Not Recommended,303210,18423598,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ChickeN,"Not worth full price. $3 at most. Its incredibly depressing, illustrating the struggles of an individual."
76561198272650038,Not Recommended,303210,24063462,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,eastthom011,0/12 got it on sale
,Not Recommended,303210,29080688,Posted: 6 January,all,Lambientan,"I liked the experience... but I can't recommend this as a game. Is not a game. If you're looking to have fun or an experience similar to ""The Stanley Parable"" then run away from this thing. If you’re looking for a unique reflective experience, then go ahead and 'play' this."
76561197999116747,Not Recommended,303210,33162028,Posted: 2 July,all,Dangen,"The ending made me so angry. Felt I had to hit something, but confined me to this."
,Not Recommended,303210,26466621,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,My last review was a bit ranty.Basically it can be summed up to the playtime is too low and as it gets to the end you can feel teen angst through the monitor. You can feel the fact they were trying to sell it on human emotions instead of actual content.
76561197978227232,Not Recommended,303210,31493955,Posted: 1 May,all,Combine Squad Leader,"I know someone is trying to make something here in tre crossroads between art and games but it just turns up pretty .. meh .. I am sorry but go out into the world and try to find some real art first, then come back and try again.And for the love of everything that is holy: Stop using the bloody source engine!"
,Not Recommended,303210,25245971,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fugacity,"I really like The Stanley Parable, so I decided to buy this game as soon as it released.But this is just a ""WTF simulation"", I don't enjoy this game at all. Sorry :("
76561197960371262,Not Recommended,303210,26445196,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,mort,"""Do you recommend this game?""How am I supposed to answer this question about something that is not a game? It is art. Do you recommend certain art? Maybe to those who will enjoy it. Well then, yes. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is for you. If not, it still is art. So look at it, think for a moment and then walk on.I can't tell I am happy how I spent the last hour. On the other hand, now I know what it is and was able to close this window of curiosity."
,Not Recommended,303210,30239491,Posted: 28 February,all,Hamra,"Can't really recommend it. It's a nice game, with an interesting concept.. But really.. Pointless, boring, hard on emotions, and silly."
,Not Recommended,303210,28805225,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,EvidencePlz,"TL;DR: Complete waste of time and money. Not worth £6.99 at all. Get it only if it's free.A very short, 2 hours long walking simulator where the story revolves around game development. The chapters, graphics-wise, look beautiful. And that's the only positive thing about this game. Everything else is meaningless and very abstract. In each chapter the dev goes on and on about things such as his relationship with Coda, the games Coda made, yada yada yada. It is also apparent that Coda has some mental health issues such as depression, social isolation, anxiety etc and the dev/narrator talks about it a lot. At the same time most of the stuff the narrator talks about makes no sense at all. If the dev or his friend Coda has mental health problems then they should seek professional help and not sell a worthless game for £6.99"
76561198198015827,Recommended,303210,18360577,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Giraffe,"I came into this game thinking it would be pretty normal. i was wrong., very. very. wrong."
76561198037163492,Not Recommended,303210,23890047,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sender0s,"It is not a game, and it was nowhere near as impactful as I would've hoped from some of the reviews. Underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,303210,18282920,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ETDP,"Want to spend $10 to watch some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ apologize to a fictional friend whom he pretended to have a mental illness to fictionally get approval for an hour and a half? Oh boy, do I have a game for you!♥♥♥♥ The Beginner's Guide. If you give me $10, I'll tell you something dumb that happened that was real for an hour and a half."
76561197967070224,Not Recommended,303210,18288000,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Darkstar,Enjoyed the game up until the last 10 minutes. around the 6-7 range.
,Not Recommended,303210,18304644,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Jeffrey,I don't care about his friend and his mental illness.
,Recommended,303210,18368089,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Libido Dealer,My skin is crying.My heart is freezing.My soul is draining.Stop.Embrace.Regret.
,Not Recommended,303210,18324781,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mosley,Pretentious garbage.Not worth the playtime even if this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥was free.
76561198038570177,Not Recommended,303210,18329092,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ryder,"This is the only review I've not recommended which is: Complete, very enjoyable.The only issue is that it costs too much for the 1 time/short experience.  I can see The Martian at a matinee for less money, and a longer experience.If this was a $3.99 title, I'd say it was worth the cost.But other than that... well done, creative."
,Not Recommended,303210,18285117,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fat White Lump🦅ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ,I played a 2 hour walking sim of some dork who made a decent walking sim begging some dork who made walking sims to talk to him agian. $7.99
,Not Recommended,303210,18375602,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Classy Cat,Eh.
,Recommended,303210,30737749,Posted: 25 March,all,👻 ⓗⓞⓜⓔⓡ 👻,the story is amazing in my opinion. never seen a game like this.
76561198055965898,Not Recommended,303210,29701110,Posted: 4 February,all,buttstuff2003,"I really enjoyed the Stanley Parable. I milked that game for every last drop. It was cerebral, it was funny, it was intriguing. So, when I heard of this game, I was hoping for something good. I didn't expect something as magical as the Stanley Parable, but given the game's short run time, I was hoping to be at least interested, and perhaps satisfied in some way by the ending. Was I? Ehhhhhhh not really. For the first 45 minutes I was eagerly advancing, waiting for something engaging to happen. I was patient. I knew that all of this buildup was gonna amount to something, anything - but it didn't, really. There was kinda a twist, but not mind blowing or applaudingly clever, and the game milked it for too long. The fact that this very short game seemed to drag on beyond where it needed to should show you how few ideas this game is really built upon. Not worth the money I spent on it. If it's on sale, and you were a big fan of the Stanley Parable, and you also happen to like artsy crap a little bit, you can go ahead and get this game. But for me, this game missed whatever it was that made the Stanley Parable a good walking simulator. It wasn't intriguing, and the message it sent through its narrative didn't feel very poignant. 4.9/10: only if you really like walking sims.And if you feel the need mark this review as ""not helpful"" not because of its content, but because you don't want to see dissenting opinions, maybe you didn't enjoy the game as much as you're telling yourself you did."
76561198033958866,Not Recommended,303210,29101386,Posted: 7 January,all,VegiVampire,"Money fishing by using a troubled person's not to be shared projects. You should be ashamed Mr. Developer. I loved ""Stanley Parable"" but this so called ""game"" doesn't feel right. I don't recommend anyone to buy this ""game""."
,Not Recommended,303210,18285982,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,scooby strips,Really wish I read more reviews before I bought this game. Bought it because of Stanley Parable creator + a few glowing reviews that I don't understand at all.Do not buy at any price.
,Recommended,303210,18290881,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,henwo?,Don't ♥♥♥♥ing read any reviews.
76561198332145126,Recommended,303210,32908893,Posted: 27 June,all,Chris Hansen,"The greatest walking simulator of all time in my opinion, The Beginner's Guide will have you learning as much about yourself as you will learn about the game's themes.  The pacing is perfect, it's intelligently crafted, and if you're not crying by the end, you will at least be thinking.  One of the most rewarding games I have ever played."
76561198232837092,Not Recommended,303210,35249410,Posted: 27 September,all,Abe,"The Beginner's Guide is a another walking simulator ""game"" from the developer of The Stanley Parable. However, this piece of work is not so much a game, but an angst-filled futile attempt to rekindle a quick silver relationship between a the said game designer and a person called ""Coda"". The Beginner's Guide is a collection of ""games"" which were never meant to be played, as they are purely re-used assets taken from the Source engine.The asking price for a pathetic 75 minutes of gameplay (if you can call it that, it's up to you) is preposterous. The game itself consists of the developer of The Stanley Parable giving arbitrary hints on symbolism and meanings to the various flipped assets from the Source engine. Note that the levels or games in The Beginner's Guide were not made by the above mentioned developer, but rather someone he is trying to reconnect with. The end result is a daring, but alas perhaps too ambitious of a project which could've been interesting had it been free for everyone.In a world with Dear Esther, What remains of Edith Finch, and Fire Watch, this piece of quickly stitched together mess is best to be left alone.  I bought this game at a Steam sale for about 4,50 and even that feels too steep of an asking price for this."
,Not Recommended,303210,24382184,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MellowDan,"It's not a bad ""game"". I'm only downvoting because I don't think it's worth the asking price. Maybe 2-3 bucks at the most (should be free). But for the limited content, very short story (you'll complete in about an hour), lack of replayability  and constriction of the player, 9.99 is a bit too much.The Beginner's Guide is about as close to a walking simulator as you can get. You tour chapters (aka games of the dev's friend coda) while the narrator explains the backstory (between him and his ""friend"" coda at the point of that game's development) and his own take on what it means...presuming any meaning was intended. You actually do encounter a puzzle at one point but once solved it's repeated again so the challenge is gone. And you can ""die"" in one part but no serious obstalcles that hinder your storied trek.Some things (in partiuclar the abstract, artsy portions of his games) are typical ""open for interpretation"", but the story is never too vague. As you progress towards the end, there will be a message apparent depending on how you rationalize/interepret the events and dynamics between Davey and ""coda"" (as well as ""himself""). Not spoiling anything, but it get's depressing towards the end. Depressed because I actually was emotionally invested to a degree (mostly ""coda"") and if any story of any medium manages that, it has value.You're playing a story. Not playing a game. So if you are looking for a game, look elsewhere. But if you want an experience with unconventional storytelling methods, you might dig this.  I think it closely resembles art because its interpretative nature allows us to look at the story from different angle and thus experience different emotions. Whatever the designer's intended point doesn't have to be yours.I'm glad I experienced it but I still didn't think it was worth the asking price. Get it on discount."
76561197973546950,Not Recommended,303210,26186237,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,OCC,"This is the game quivalent of a bad indie movie (the ones they make fun of in GTA when you go to a cinema).Or as Cartman had said: ""Gay cobwoys eating pudding""https://youtu.be/nUXSqc0bOJwIf you like to smell yourn own fart, this is your game."
,Recommended,303210,18297068,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NASA,10/10 i cri erry tiem
,Not Recommended,303210,33307299,Posted: 6 July,all,erinbutt,"Sometimes repeatedly being told that something is insightful and important is enough for people to buy into it.Sometimes it's enough to ruin something while you're playing it.Would your favourite game, book, or movie be improved by having someone constantly whisper in your ear about its history? and how they liked it? and how much it means to them? If so, then enjoy The Beginner's Guide, you're welcome to it."
76561198017333104,Not Recommended,303210,28198241,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,mr. Mug,Meh!
,Not Recommended,303210,30432083,Posted: 10 March,all,K0ba,Absolute bobbins. It isn't 'deep' and it certainly isn't fun.
,Recommended,303210,18291559,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheWynterKnight,"Don't look into what this is, don't spoil it, don't worry about the price... Just please.. Play this."
76561198189045066,Not Recommended,303210,18361164,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,victor.perdiguer,"Alright, I bought the game because a couple reviewers/personalities I follow claimed it was THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like it was the best thing ever. One of them, @dayoscript, said about the author of the game that ""he's the most important author of modern games"".No. Absolutely not.This isn't even a game, it's more of an ""experience"", a tale of sorts, that because of the abstract themes it touches, it's told through a videogame, even though it could've been just a movie, a book, and the message would've been the same.Now, its final conclusion isn't something that mindblowing, it's just barely thought-provoking. I've read that you can only truly understand the game and love it if you've been through a depression at some point in your life. I gotta say, that might be true, because I (fortunately) haven't been through such kind of phase, ever, and the game didn't connect with me on an emotional level. Or rather, it did, but only to disappoint me.You see, the final message is somewhat interesting - when judging other people through their work, don't cast the shadow of your own values, fears, ideas or expectations on their persona. Don't assume someone is lonely because they drew an empty room. Don't assume Seth from Superbad is gay because he couldn't help drawing c*** all over in middle school.And that's it.The game is just tedious and a bit pretentious, really. Not much else to read into it."
,Recommended,303210,18881721,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nugget,"11/10 No idea what just happened, but I will never be the same."
76561198025486310,Recommended,303210,32672057,Posted: 23 June,all,HeartlessJing,You will die in your sleep tonight unless you buy this game and forward it to your friends.
,Recommended,303210,18372433,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Survii Gecko,21st century art...And not that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ red dot on a vase stuff
,Recommended,303210,18278426,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,eTheBlack,Unique experience.
,Not Recommended,303210,18282085,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BlankDiploma,"I don't know what I expected, but it sure as hell wasn't this. If you're considering buying this because you liked The Stanley Parable, you should abandon all thoughts along those lines. This is a barely-interactive tour of some other guy's half-finished game projects that's supposed to be inspiring/deep/meaningful, I guess.And you know what? That's fine. But it's not what I was looking for when I dropped $8 on this. I'm going to be totally honest and say that I didn't even make it through the first level because I was so put off by the premise. When I read ""A narrative game by the creator of the Stanley Parable,"" I expected that that meant it would have the samenarrator. You know, that sassy british-sounding dude. But it doesn't... It's narrated by the WRITER of the Stanley Parable, who as it turns out is a really boring and smarmy narrator.If you're looking for somebody to give you a two-hour clammy hug and whisper ""it's all going to be okay"" in your ear, go ahead and give this a shot."
,Not Recommended,303210,18295429,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Red Son,"I had high hopes for this game, and was looking forward to playing it blindly as I did with The Stanley Parable. I had my hopes crushed fairly quickly, as  this game does NOT live up to the entertainment value of its predecessor AT ALL.And I'm just gonna put it bluntly: The Beginner's Guide sucks.All it is, is just you walking through a series of half-baked, barely interactive levels  made by some random nobody, who is not the developer of The Stanley Parable, and you don't even get a sweet british narrator...It's a shallow, unwitty, melancholic and pathetic  barely one and a half  tale about how a ""~2 deep 4 u, oh woe is me~"" amateur game developer that was friends with the creator of The Stanley Parable struggled with his first world problems and issues. While I was enthusiastic at the start, as the game does have potential with neat ideas for a very unique and interesting story, it fell apart quite shortly after the first few levels. The problem is just that I'm not emotionally engaged or interested in a story about how some asocial whiney person struggled with his personal issues while making pretentious games.The Beginner's Guide is nothing more than an interactive documentary that should have been free, it's dull and boring, and dont expect anything funny or witty, cause TBG is all about depression and self-loathing and whatever.I don't think it's all bad, it has cool concepts but It's just not fun to play, this should have been a free game or a youtube video, because it has ZERO replay value, unlike TSB.Some people might enjoy this game though, if they can relate with the subject matter, or find it more engaging than I do. I'd much rather find this person and tell him/her to make The Stanley Parable 2 instead, and stop being so whiney.Thanks for wasting my money, Davey. (and for having a ""skip level"" button)"
,Not Recommended,303210,18284360,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tony Pajamas,the ultimate pandering to the san francisco hipster indie crowd.
,Not Recommended,303210,25807831,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Eryk Dragonheart,"Holy Jesus this is not a game, it is purely nothing! It is the most depressing thing I have even done, and I probably need to see a shrink after this. From the creators of ""The Stanley Parable"" I would expect more, but this is beyond comprension. This should not even be for sale nor for 11$. I Thought I was going to get a good interesting, fun, But no!"
,Not Recommended,303210,18284311,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,1^Piso_mojado,"refunded... I was given multiple choice as to why I was refunding this game. When I couldn't find a valid reason, I opted for ""other"" and wrote my reason as noted below.""Game was more pretentious than an iphone wielding hipster sipping a no carb, no soy, no fat latte at starbucks while blogging 1001 sesquipedalian reasons why the post modern je ne sais quoi aspects of @$$ hair makes cats better than oranges."" was not a selectable reason as to why I am refunding this game. I am all for the ""games as art"" thing, but this is muddled garbage.I was really excited for this game when I saw it announced. I loved the Stanley Parable and I loved the trailer for this game. I went into this purchase knowing full well that it was not a ""Stanley Parable 2"" game. Not sure what I was expecting, but when you feel hoodwinked after only 20 minutes of gameplay, that should tell you something.Perhaps it gets better later on in the game..... I don't know because I couldn't get my head shoved far enough up my @$$ to appreciate it.EDIT:After watching the game on youtube, I have come to this conclusion...EitherA) the game is made with stolen assetsORB) the story is all made up and it is nothing more than a bunch of barely finished levels from someone learning the source engine, mashed together for a cash grab under the guise of ""art"""
76561198025564347,Not Recommended,303210,32696352,Posted: 23 June,all,Imi,"Definetely does not live up to its hype, I found this rather dull and constraining than inspiring. Way behind The Stanley Parable, that is for sure.Maybe the creator should really stop making games and go on making emo-videos instead.."
76561197970580426,Not Recommended,303210,33333321,Posted: 6 July,all,Drunken Hobbit,"I liked the Stanley Parable, I dislike The Beginner's Guide. While hoping there would be some point to it or anything would happen, it just got more and more depressing. Thankfully, it was over relatively quick.You die at the end."
,Not Recommended,303210,28471865,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,NFSNOOB,don't like the end
,Not Recommended,303210,34296888,Posted: 16 August,all,Showsinolo,Different kind of game
76561198159208010,Not Recommended,303210,26754900,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr.Alex,"the best way to judge wheather a game is worth your time or not is to ask and answer the following questions;Q. What is the central mechanic?A. Walking, puzzle solving, and listeningQ. how long is the game?A. 2 hoursQ. does it have any replay value?A. NoQ. Can the game be replaced by watching a lets play?A. NoMuch like the stanley parable, the beginners guide is a shining example on how to do a walking simulator correctly, But in the end its just a walking simulator, Like its predecessor the stanley parable any price higher than free is asking way to much."
,Recommended,303210,24501793,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,A c r o,I think Davey has a mental illness.And Coda should sue.
,Recommended,303210,20093662,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Commander Fluffles,Why are you reading reviews and not buying this game?
,Not Recommended,303210,23217892,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Marshma11ow,"It looked different and unique so I was interested. Played about a half-hour and had to stop. It's so pretentious it's cringey. Tries to be ""so deep."" Definitely something a teenager would be into, but not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,303210,31598057,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,303210,33914338,Posted: 30 July,all,Marko,"basically a movie.. a♥♥♥♥♥♥one tooReading all these reviews i was expecting to get emotionally moved by this game, but it didnt happen. Not even slightly"
76561197969425381,Not Recommended,303210,18281504,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Optimus_Crime,"SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERIf the developer wants to apologise to CODA for showing his games to others, why is he releasing his games for profit?I don't understand."
76561198243584436,Not Recommended,303210,25108026,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,la Clark,Pretentious and boring
76561198065792892,Not Recommended,303210,24801002,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Olympus,Just no... Dont turn your personal problems into a game
76561198056030823,Not Recommended,303210,18371792,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Vodka Molester,Blah blah art blah blah. Boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥2/10
76561198027923753,Not Recommended,303210,25506563,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Truffinator,Nothing happened and I never believed anything I was being told. The backwards only game mechanic was the only thing I enjoyed the whole time. I highly recommend not paying for this one. I never leave reviews but this one was just not good.
,Not Recommended,303210,31140625,Posted: 14 April,all,mushbee1,Meh.Don't waste your money.
76561198050809996,Not Recommended,303210,23944963,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,FireGodz,Codys games suck lol
,Not Recommended,303210,33161582,Posted: 2 July,all,neutrino,"It's not interesting, and definitely not worth your money.I bought this because I liked stanley parable. But this one is too personal and I just couldn't care about the story or the person who made these meaningless ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games."
,Not Recommended,303210,30862335,Posted: 31 March,all,☭۩KGB۩☭,"If you wanted Coda to find it, then maybe you shouldn't have made it 10$!!! I get that its meaningful or whatever, but the trailer completely lies, and this game is just feeding off the sucess of The Stanley Parables. Im sorry, but this game just isn't worth it. its meaningful sure, but do some research before you spend 10$ on it, because this game definitely isn't for everyone."
76561198022403372,Not Recommended,303210,33449975,Posted: 11 July,all,MinRoe,"Unless Kodda is real, which I pray to god he is not, this game is such auto-phellatio.It's screams ""THIS IS SUCH ART! IT'S SO DEEP! PLEASE LISTEN TO ME EXPLAIN IT TO YOU PESEANT!""""APPRECIATE MY-HIS ART! PLEEEEEAAAASE!!!!""♥♥♥♥ your art, ""Death of the Artist"" you ""Auteur"" cuck."
,Not Recommended,303210,33427439,Posted: 10 July,all,xygote CHKN,"How does this 40 minute game have a very positive review? Why is it $10?You walk around these not fun ""games"" while a narator talks to you about some personal stuff.Nothing like the video on steam, NO FAKE WINDOWS. you control how long this game lasts by how quickly you walk forward.Bought on sale (not worth), got refund."
,Not Recommended,303210,28819390,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AShifter,The story was VERY short and it was all a story about how Davey tried to make Coda feel better by sharing his work.
,Not Recommended,303210,33322443,Posted: 6 July,all,ArcherLP,No.
,Not Recommended,303210,18282139,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,OfficerMods,"Do not expect something as good  as Stanely Parable, the real fun of this game is guessing a twist that never really comes, not in any meaningful way or discussing it on a starbucks roundtable. Be warned."
76561198254190154,Not Recommended,303210,30134573,Posted: 23 February,all,william.m.may,"A really boring walking simulator that gives you one person's idea about the games industry. Save yourself ten dollars and watch Yahtzee's Zero Punctuation videos on YouTube. Better yet, just place your hand flat on your kitchen table and hit it repeatedly with a hammer. You'll be happier than I was playing this ""game."" (Spoiler: it's not a game.)"
,Not Recommended,303210,28669374,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mangaas,"No, just no.  Pretenious garbage.  It peaked my interest at first, but the ""games"" seem to drag on, and they're not games, this is NOT a compilation of unfinished games, they are all part of 1 project tied together by some guy who seemed to mess around making maps in Source engine.The ""deeper meaning"" is as deep as a puddle.  And I don't believe the story, or that it's real.  I didn't finish it either.  Got to about the floaty islands, then I stopped caring.Just watch it on youtube, this isn't worth buying."
76561197974037086,Not Recommended,303210,28981822,Posted: 3 January,all,dreamer565,This game just Sucked.  Kept going hoping it would be a game.  It never did.  It just is a time suck. I really don't understand why there were any positive reviews.
76561198170426019,Not Recommended,303210,28993725,Posted: 3 January,all,tylercrock,"This game is one of the most annoying games I've ever played in my entire life. And the sad thing is, it's not even much of a problem with the game itself. It can be quite fun if you can get the hang of the gameplay and its modes.So why is this game so fricken annoying?The Community who plays it.CS:GO is basically running around Dust II with an AWP for 7 hours straight with middle aged men who sit in their mothers basement all day.The community finds pleasure in wasting hundreds of dollars just for a stupid rainbow camo on their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ $95 knife they bought with their dads credit card. I can't stand having to play with these people, and that's a shame since the game isn't all that bad. But this lame community really bogs down the experience.Dont buy this casual, uninspired, nameless shooter. It will either annoy you, or you will become just another pawn in this corporate conglomerate of a game. Do yourself a favor by avoiding CS:GO at all costs."
76561198156224257,Not Recommended,303210,30617973,Posted: 19 March,all,chief001177,"short game, story is just a scam to get your money. no real joy playing it, even less deserving of the hype than the stanley parable. dont buy it. if you are into psychology look up jordan b peterson on youtube, if you have too much money buy an old sonic game."
,Recommended,303210,29569161,Posted: 29 January,all,Slayer,"Just Play it , you'll know"
76561198125865790,Not Recommended,303210,33711706,Posted: 21 July,all,Aurexl,First and foremost you... yes you the creator... still do not understand his point. it amazes me that you even went this whole way. just leave him alone. know when enough is enough.
76561198004439945,Not Recommended,303210,30129413,Posted: 23 February,all,debrisoftheages,"An incredibly dreary ""game"" from start to finish that drags on and on despite its short playtime.  I slogged through it once, but I won't again."
,Not Recommended,303210,30277778,Posted: 2 March,all,[KG] Jigsaw [O],It's just depressing.
,Not Recommended,303210,23901252,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shaw,It's shameful to charge money for this small documentary with fancy lights and colors. You could have the entire thing in an mp3 and you wouldn't be able to tell the difference afterwards.
,Not Recommended,303210,33252039,Posted: 4 July,all,2dbot,Just watch it on youtube instead
,Not Recommended,303210,33085719,Posted: 1 July,all,Kitty,"I waited months for this game to go on sale.  I loved the Stanley Parable.  What a let down! the controller option for this game is horrific.  What game in the known universe doesn't allow you to use the L stick to shift the camera angle? Trigger buttons move the camera in the opposite direction.  Forget trying to fix it in the menu, it's just an exercise in frustration.  The game itself is annoying, having to listen to the narrator completely prevents immersion.  Just requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,303210,29731524,Posted: 5 February,all,Yusep,"This is not a game, it should be called Bull**it Walking simulator.The author just keeps callin the small interactive pieces as ""games"". They are not games in the same way 2 words don't make a book. How can a game designer get the ""game""  concept  so wrong?Look for the many definitions of ""game"" ( there are plenty because it is not possible to define what a game is) and honestly ... I doubt you can fit any of them here. My favourite one is "" a game is a series of interesting choices "" from Sid Meiers. There is no choice, there is no game there is nothing to do.Hipster experience. AVOID."
76561198054887225,Not Recommended,303210,24740094,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[10-4] KicKaSS,Boooooooooooooooooring!
,Not Recommended,303210,25559682,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,OldMold,I cant believe they charged money for this pretentious garbage.
,Not Recommended,303210,31217070,Posted: 18 April,all,Watsoni,Very boring and very short. Wanted to be something which it's not. Looks cheap. Max 2€ game.
76561198084595557,Not Recommended,303210,34785129,Posted: 6 September,all,zzz,awful. waste of time and money. move on.
,Not Recommended,303210,18279616,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Val,"Touted as being from the creator of The Stanley Parable I expected this game to be comedic in nature so I intentionally went in completely blind but was greeted by a very depressing walking simulator about a guy showing off his friends 'games', which aren't really games, they lack any real interaction and the puzzles are all solved for you so all that's left to the player is hold W and occasionally click on something or just wait for the narration to end so you can be taken to the next map.I say map instead of ""next game"" as the game itself refers to them as that's all they are, there are no real defining features between each ""game"" they all share the same characteristics of moving forward until the narrator stops speaking and all being maps created with the source engine all share a rather drab aesthetic that got rather grating after a while.I finished the game in a little over an hour and I feel worse off for doing so. Mostly because it wasn't what I was expecting and this kind of game is really not my thing but ignoring that, overall I felt the narrative was not very immersive past the first 5-10 minutes and upon finishing I was disappointed with the entire experience."
76561198031173942,Not Recommended,303210,18324020,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Studoku,"Short enough to finish and get a Steam refund. Unfortunately, I was only refunded the money and not the two hours of my life."
,Recommended,303210,30399323,Posted: 8 March,all,Bullets,This game is fantastic. At least to me.A game that is fundamentally about personal interpretations is difficult to recommend to everyone though.Go in with an open mind. Dont read anything about it.
76561198098359048,Recommended,303210,30400834,Posted: 8 March,all,Soulphie,"I dont think there is a guarantee that anyone will like this game, but to me this was aweful, terrifying, beautiful and weirdly familiar. The reason why i like games despite the fact that i have no love for most of what is produced today is encapsulated in this. It wouldt be fair to say what this game is about nor to what it leads and says. If you like the idea of games, maybe even more than the games itself this might be worth a try."
76561197999939216,Recommended,303210,30415708,Posted: 9 March,all,Ouch - (music),"This game hops through the fourth wall after 5 minutes and dances around your room for the next 90 minutes. As many reviewers have said, to describe the contents in too much detail would ruin the game. In the broadest terms, it's a narrative piece that describes one person trying understand another through their art. It touches on many topics of human relationships and human nature, as well as how we interact with games and art. It is democratic in its heartache and utterly relatable in spite of its dreamlike qualities. In summary, a unique and unforgettable experience."
,Recommended,303210,18386403,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dat Purple Fing wid green bits,"This game is hard to put into words but don't make asumptions of it if you are going to buy and play it, it will be pointless this is more of a game as someone put it in the fourms/reviews that if you a Creator of anything you should play it, hell i'm probs gonna have to play it again there's alot of well infomation to take in let just say it isn't your standard game I delebritely leaving out specific about the game because it is one I feel that if can empthasis then you will find it interesting this game needs more popularity for a very good reason"
,Recommended,303210,18386565,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,thelostsoul42,"[MASSIVE SPOILERS][WOOP WOOP][MASSIVE SPOILERS][WOOP WOOP]I feel like people are taking this game a little bit to literally, heres the truth; there is no Coda, this game is entirely fictional.But I don't think this takes away from its message because it is real in a way, Davey Wreden (the creator of this game) did a comic strip on Galactic Cafe (A blog he used to write about The Stanley Parable and its progress) the comic is all about his struggle with depression and anxiety over how The Stanley Parable kept getting GOTY awards and letters from fans that were putting pressure on him even though it was mostly positive, he saw it another way.To quote the blog post ""Thosands of people asking you to carry some amount for them, to talk to them, to tell them that things are going to be okay, to not turn them away""Obviously this game is about that exact thing, it covers alot of issues like 'Is my game mine anymore if I show it to anyone?' or 'Will people see myself in my games and change them or its meaning?'TL;DRYou are Davey (AKA The Narrator) and Coda is the real Davey, and this game is about his experiences with the Stanley Parable and its success.If you read the blog post and comic, I'm sure you'll see the resemblance too.Just type in GALACTIC CAFE and its the first thing.I think Davey is one of the best game creators of all time, and I don't think he is ungrateful about his success in anyway, it just effects people differently. And don't worry, Davey's not going to stop making games (I hope not anyway) the fact Coda stoped making them is probably referring to the period of time after the Stanley Parable where Davey ""checked out of the world"" to ""be myself for a while""."
76561198031012655,Recommended,303210,18386744,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,immortalSteak,"Wow, just wow. Everyone needs to experience this10/10"
76561198068594170,Recommended,303210,18386750,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tman10100,"A must play, a minimalistic game that hits you right in the feelsP.S. it's less than 2 hours long so you can refund it if you choose to after playing it"
76561198085427531,Recommended,303210,18386876,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,lbsparx,"This is not a game, it's an experiance.Truly 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18386946,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,2ofdee,yes with all my heart
,Recommended,303210,18387014,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Kivle,"This is the first review I've ever written on this site, and man, it deserves it. Never, NEVER, has a game made such an impact on me before, this is truly an amazing game.Also if you haven't bought it yet, and haven't seen the trailer. Don't watch the trailer, just buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18387139,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CthulhuFhtagn[138],one of the best games i have ever played i hope this game gets more famous and also free to play so that more people play this game
76561198253239577,Recommended,303210,18387409,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,soccerpz8,"This game was great! It wasnt your typical ""fun"" game where you run around and do things, but it brings a wonderfully excetued and thought-inducing story to the table. I actually Teared up a bit at the end. Overall, this game moved me deeply (its been only around 24 hours since i first completed it; since then i have played it twice alone and once showing my friend).On a side note, the circle symbol for the icon is known as a Coda in music. Is this simply because of the name being that so he decided on it, or is this trying to give us a hint that Coda isnt real?"
,Recommended,303210,18387774,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Hamid al-aSak,"Good story, a little short."
,Recommended,303210,18387460,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MrSiggy,"Holly crap, everyone should play this game... F**K! This game is intense. The feelings and thoughts it resonates from inside the player are increadible!"
76561198052299232,Recommended,303210,18387941,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Even Rodar,"not your typical game, it grabs your emotions and has its ways with them for the entirety of the experience"
76561198086922710,Recommended,303210,30426707,Posted: 10 March,all,Tyoo,Amazing in so many ways.
,Recommended,303210,29916588,Posted: 14 February,all,Aeif,It's not The Stanley Parable.This game is a mirror.
76561198109860925,Recommended,303210,30423817,Posted: 10 March,all,cmad2002,"Bad game, two out of 5"
,Recommended,303210,30412666,Posted: 9 March,all,n00dle,The only game that has made me cry
76561197976101302,Recommended,303210,30485330,Posted: 12 March,all,Squeak,I don't know what this is...but I like it.
,Recommended,303210,19227864,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Doc McStuffins,"I won't comment on the gameplay, or length, or whatever. I've not read any of the existing reviews so I'm not going to be arguing with anyone. I generally do not write reviews but I felt compelled to do it here.I'm glad that I exist in a world in which media like this is produced and I am glad that this specific media is part of my life. Experiences like this should be held up as examples of what the medium is capable of, even if you don't like the message or techniques being used. It's interesting, arresting, and meaningful, which is more than you can say for most 'games' (however you happen to define them)."
,Recommended,303210,19229292,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,James20,"This is very much a thinker piece that warns you of the dangers of thinking.Everyone will tell you to just play the game and, for the most part, they are right.  Reading reviews will not help you gauge the experience of playing until after you play the game.The narrative of the game is deeply recursive highly meta playing experience that extends beyond the gameplay out into your own thoughts and actions. It may sound odd, but just thinking about the game results in you falling for the same pitfalls of the narrator.That said, the game has software issues. It would not start on my older PC. And it had significant issues using a game controller; including locking up if you tried to configure a controller. So a mouse and keyboard are essential.  The text was too small to read when I tried replaying the game in my living room, which is unfortunate because it’s a game that game be experienced casually in front of an audience yet the bugs seem to directly undermine that.Put simply, despite the bugs, it’s a great story, it’s emotional, it’s intelligent, it makes you think and in doing all that it’s very ironic."
,Recommended,303210,19230578,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Fighter5345,"This game goes deep, like Mariana Trench kind of deep, sonderful story, good gameplay, sadly one ending and very linear."
,Recommended,303210,19222053,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cpt Chugg,"This game....... Just Wow... Play it , you'll not regret it"
,Recommended,303210,19225856,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Empyrian,"couldnt find a good channel which'd already played this. bought game. played game. almost puked. 10/10, would be moderately upset and uncomfortable for an hour again."
,Recommended,303210,30624726,Posted: 19 March,all,aleakym,this game means something real that i've never seen in another game before. it's one of those literally life changing games that breaks every rule you know and shows it to you
76561198094044246,Recommended,303210,19195353,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ech0,Powerful Experience.
,Recommended,303210,19193968,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ϟϟVendettaϟϟ,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game it was one of the most confronting games, which just takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of itself.  It’s not too demanding and has a very interesting story line.I played the game, from start to finish in two short intervals, it blew my mind to think that a mere man had even thought of making such a work of artThank you Davey and Coda for making such an amazing game.Yours  Sincerely  V."
,Recommended,303210,19202489,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,vodsel,"Offers an interesting perspective to approach indie games with. Can you learn a lot about a developer by playing their games? Some idea filtered through somebody would likely mirror themes and thoughts that someone lives with, right? Maybe."
,Recommended,303210,19202625,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,aosbo3708,"I am not even sure what to think. I am quite befuddled. This a beautiful, abstract game that will take me a long time to understand. The story that narrates it also leaves me thinking about so much. Thankyou for making this compilation, and thank you for exposing Koda's work, even if it affected Koda negatively. I would have done the same thing, I think, were I to have had such a friend."
,Recommended,303210,19186258,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SnarinAaron,"Literally just finished the game, won't spoil anything, but just like you've read 10-15+ times already, this game will blow you away. You can't come here to judge this on it's gameplay. If you want a game with good gameplay, look elsewhere. This game offers a message that everyone should have, that many haven't recieved. A message I believe you would be happy you spent your time and money on. The Beginner's Guide makes you think deeper than you may have ever thought before. You'll spend hours fascinated with it, even after it's over. Find a way to spare your $10 and just a mere few hours, I promise you it's well worth it."
76561198138804922,Recommended,303210,19187189,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,KiwiKandy,!!!!!!SORT OF SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!!!!PLEASE PLAY GAME BEFORE READING THIS!!!this game was very deep. It actually made me rethink life. Like wow.this game can not be explaned. Its an amazing experience and definitly a must play. but please note this game is very...Powerful. Very Emotional. It makes you feel saddness but... it feels like nothing? i dont know... It's just...wow.to understand.you have to play it.but even after you play itit seems you dont fully understand.until you start thinking about it.so go ahead.play it.it doesn't matter if you understand it or not.because all you need to do.is cherish this special experience.go ahead.go play it.it's worth it.
,Recommended,303210,18869217,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Lineoutt,"This game does simultaneously all the work for you, and none of the work for you. Its 10$ for a brief thought-provoking experience. Is it worth 10 dollars? up to you. That being said, make that decision and just buy it without debating learning about it. Just do it or don't.*SPOILERS AHEAD*I'm gonna add my own reflection in the form of a review, like other people have been doing.Right now I am mildly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. There is no point to this ""game"". It just exists for the sake of itself. You never know what to believe, or how to interpret what you are actually experiencing. The narrator imposes his own interpretations constantly. It is tempting, even reflexive, to accept and believe his conclusions because the ""games"" themselves are so inconclusive and vague that the meaning he draws on them is the only thing that holds them together. This is the case both figuratively and literally, as you the player are helpless as you are guided along his narrative path. This has the effect of being both disconcerting and comforting, as you have trust that he will be with you in the end to fit the big puzzle together like he promises in the beginning.About mid-way or so you find yourself in a lecture hall where the roles reverse themselves. You start out as the observer being lectured to about perfection by a confident person, then you become them and you see their own imperfection and vulnerability.[skipping a bit ahead on my train of thought] This is what the game comes down to for me. It is, among many things, a meditation on discomfort, loneliness, and uncertainty. The narration itself cuts out, and presents itself in a way where it is impossible to be sure whether or not this is some elaborate and convincing fiction, or disturbing real life story. You yourself are challenged by the game to question the narration, while you attempt to parse out the objective Truth, destination, or ""lamppost"" amidst the vaguery of the experience.For the final ending you are on your own, as the narrator has given up his search for answers. This time you do not get a lamppost like before. Instead, it goes back to the glitched first ending, and you float upwards to see an infinite maze stretch out around you. In the first non-glitched version of this ending, the player is supposed to throw themselves into this light to sacrifice themself and save humanity. In the non-glitch version the sacrifice is death. However, in the glitched version you float up and leave your sense of self and control, your sacrifice is surrendering yourself to your smallness.In the game before the final ending the narrator is confronted by a distant coldness and rejection. This stuns him to the points where he stops talking over the thoughts of the player, and Coda. A few other people mentioned the feeling of violation from the way he narrated before. He finally surrenders his well-intentioned but narrow-minded quest to analyze and understand his friend. He relinquishes his desperate control of the narrative, seeing the damage he had inadvertently done. In his effort to understand and ""help"" by taking over Coda's narrative he stopped genuinely listening to Coda, and even to his own emotional reality.The narrator leaves to work on himself, and the player is left to follow an unknown path alone. Finally, the player arrives at the same sacrificial ending, without any lamppost or answer. The lampposts felt unsatisfying anyway. But the metaphor is complete. As you levitate upwards you have no choice but to let go of certainty and sit in discomfort, which is ultimately what is required to grow as a human.I don't think the narrator is narcassistic, I think he is human. He did a thing that most people have done or will do many times in their lives. I know I certainly have. But there we go. In the spirit of the game I will say that there are many possible interpretations and subjective truths. I see how my emotional and intellectual response reflects whats going on in my own life. So beyond not giving you anything to hold on to, this experience has been a good exercise."
,Recommended,303210,18868124,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,kheas,"A very deep game that is not for everyone.  It is a game worth playing if you want to think. Again, not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,303210,18869676,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Abyssionknight,"My issue with this game was that it was very similar to Stanley Parable. The way the story progressed, and the way it all worked, was super predictable and felt pretty lack luster to me.There's also the issue of whether or not the story of the game is real or not.If the story is real, then there's no way to justify the story. It's hard to explain without spoilers, but for me the game itself shouldn't exist.If the story is fake, then we go back to the laziness, predictability.I wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't. You definitely can get some feelings from this game, but I don't think it's worth the cost of the game. In fact, I seriously considered refunding the game after completing it...but chose not to both to create this review, and because it seems dishonest to refund a game you've completed."
76561198037614455,Recommended,303210,18879289,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Azhini,I've never played a game that made me feel more alone or more insignificant.
76561197983378690,Recommended,303210,18861160,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,mamcdonal,"Walking down giant hallway... tears streaming down my face... screen goes black... see my reflection in the computer screen... stare blankly, questioning what it means to be creative, happy or even alive. This is not a video game, it is a vehicle for a question, and it hit me like a ♥♥♥♥ing brick."
,Recommended,303210,18859523,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[TTB] Trikeman,"The Beginner's Guide is a powerful, affecting game.  A deeply personal game, The Beginner's Guide is very introspective, and brought me nearly to tears because of how much it resonated.  Especially recommended if you are some type of creator - game developer or otherwise."
,Recommended,303210,18619342,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pr0n3_HerpsUhDerp,Extremely thoughtful.
,Recommended,303210,18607872,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,gamov,This the weirdest game I have ever played but I enjoyed it. It is absolutely genius.
,Recommended,303210,18620709,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,A Big Ol' Doofus,Made me cry - 10/10
76561198071782054,Recommended,303210,18619219,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Verniy,"Played isn't the word I would use here. More like experienced it. Felt it. It's hard to describe, but in the end, it just left me... speechless.It's a weird thing to have to confront it this way. But I'm glad I saw it for myself.Now I feel as if a train smashed me in the chest. I guess I can relate that much. Maybe it's a good thing. I can't say.All in all, 10/10, would dot dot dot again."
,Recommended,303210,18639761,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dep,thought provoking and fascinating.
76561198088046922,Not Recommended,303210,18639012,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mickyj789,"After reading this i hope you understand why i do not recommend. Trust me. It isn't because it is bad. Just read. I am sorry it is so long.This game isn't a game. It is a story. A story where you apply yourself to your own personality and your own inhibitions. A story where you maybe start to question yourself or others around you. A story where there are two ways you can handle this game. Either as a person who can't quite grasp the concept of the story. Or they can't understand. The other side of this. Is you get the story. You get the idea and the concept behind it. You fell in love with this. It touched your soul and you feel like it changed you. But there is a third type of person that played this game. And i can't be the only one but im deliberately going to make a lot of lines to make people scroll further as this may or may not give it away. So please if you havent already played this game. Do so. Once you are finished. You will know which category you fall into.............Right. The third type of person. Is the reason i am not recommending this game. This story. Is all too familiar to me. The feeling of loneliness, of depression. Secluding yourself and not knowing what to do. Losing yourself in what you do. Loving it. But then you try to change. Someone else makes you change. or someone else trys to ""fix"" you. Thinking they know what you need. What you need to feel good. What you need to feel happy about what your doing. And almost secluding yourself even more. Crawling into your hole. Where no one can find you, talk to you, harm you or help you. I feel as though this game. Almost scares me. About half way through the game. Probably from the moment the rails fall behind you. You know where i mean if you play this. That's when i clicked in to what was happening. The real story. And that is where i started to feel scared. When i started to cry. Because i felt like. It had become what i have gone through. What i have lived my life doing. People might think im nuts. Crying over a game. Though what they don't understand is that this is the only form of media, (game,music,tv,movies, etc) Where it has done an immaculate job. To not only help you grasp what depression and social anxiety is. But to also put you into the shoes of the People on the other side. Your friends point of view or anyone else around you. It captures both sides perfectly. And that is why i started sobbing and crying so much playing this game. People will think i am crazy. Or stupid. Or just a depressed little boy with no life ahead of him. And i don't care. This is how i felt playing this game. And i hope i am not the only one who felt this way. This game broke my heart. And i am so happy. Thankyou for putting it into words. That is all i can say."
76561198030414590,Recommended,303210,18389747,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,[ING]SPAK,"Du grand art, sans surprise, à faire sans hésiter.Pas un jeu, une leçon...---Great art, no surprise, do it, keep it, feel it.Not a game, a lesson...Oh and...coda is not a lie..."
76561198055393637,Recommended,303210,18649723,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Lucidspy25 (Asleep & Dreaming),"An absolutely beautiful and creative piece of work. I will not go into detail, but this is a project that will really make you think and feel. Look at things in a different way. There were even parts to this project that got me emotional. I was almost in tears at a certain point, and I honestly cannot explain why. After playing this...I truly dont know what to think. It will take some time for my interpretation to work for me. You'd have to play this yourself in order for my rambling to make sense.Just know that this is not a game, it is an experience..."
76561197970102242,Recommended,303210,18606113,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,masChine,"Amazing, just amazing"
,Recommended,303210,18606140,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jekht,"After playing this game I've had to spend the last hour just thinking about the experience.The game is a satisfying examination of the creative process, and the relationship between player and creator. It's beautifully written and well narrated.The game lasts around 90-140 minutes and just like the Stanley Parable, the game is likely improved if you manage to ignore any trailers or reviews.Really, just go try it."
76561197993295317,Recommended,303210,18607005,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,SebastiaanVW,"How can I love a game this much and still think it's pretentious and flawed. Don't get me wrong this is a game that has to be played. You will be worse for not playing it, it's emotional and original.The part where it breaks a little is that for me it never gives that ""AHA""-moment, although it explains parts, i can't explain why i don't like the ending without spoiling it, so play it, it's cool, some of it is masterpiece level, some of it just isn't...Then again, I would be proud if I was the one who created this...."
76561197990438033,Recommended,303210,18607447,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dr.Ian,"Ich handle gegen meinen Willen wenn ich dieses Stück Programm in aller höchsten Tönen schlecht rede.Was soll diese ganze Review Funktion?Für dieses Spiel? Ich bin mehr als Konfus...EIne Empfehlung abzugeben wäre mehr als fahrlässig, weil ich es selbst nicht weiß."
76561198024911863,Recommended,303210,18636262,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,bubblun,"You should stop reading about this game and just buy it. Sit down alone when it's quiet and let it take you on a journey that will last about 2 hours. Then let it sink in. It's not a fun game but an atmospheric discovery. I wish there were more works like this: personal, reflective and... well... kind of ""grown up"". Of course I could be spectacularly wrong and all of this is just a giant hoax. Whatever it is, the less information you have about it, the better. It will spoil the impact for you.Don't think, just buy and play."
,Not Recommended,303210,18637854,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,KnewK,Dunno.  When I played the game I didn't get what all the hype was about.  Worth $5 not $10.
76561198067879628,Recommended,303210,18863539,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,thepianohasbeendrinking,I've got goosebumps.
76561197988909665,Not Recommended,303210,18881697,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nettle,I thought it pretentious and so disapointing. I loved the Stanely Parable and was disapointed. Just not what I was expecting.  :-(
76561198095805600,Recommended,303210,18871142,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Major RoGa,"Beautiful.This game is amazing, it tells a very nice story. If you're into developing games, gaming, or you just want a great story: get this game!One tip though: If you buy this game then take your time with it, explore and observe. So that when you finish it, you will have a fulfilled experience and you won't feel like you've missed something."
76561198074685477,Recommended,303210,18875141,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Questionable Origin,"This game makes you reevaluate a lot of things about people and yourself. I makes you think about the consequences of assuming you understand a person, as well as how you act and the effect that might have on the people around you. You will find yourself wondering whether or not this is a real story, and who the ""bad guy"" and the ""good guy"" is.The best thing I can say about this game is that it makes you think. And it's something that you will look back on with great pride that you too part in the success of this game."
,Recommended,303210,18889161,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,seanjracing,"A thoroughly thought provoking experience, and that alone makes it worth buying."
,Not Recommended,303210,19017610,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Trent,"I feel cold and hateful after playing through this game in one full sitting.As one reviewer pointed out, if you watch someone play this on youtube, you'll have saved yourself $10.00, and you may still feel as cold and hateful as you would if you had bought it."
,Recommended,303210,19026974,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Pulsar,"Great experience, not what I was expecting. If I had the chance I would like to meet or just talk to Coda, to see what they think, to know what all this is about. But, if your're short on cash at the moment and are not exactly sure what this game is about, don't buy it, or buy it, not really my place to tell you. I was expecting another Stanley Parable type thing, with an atmospheric setting, but this time, you nose your way through somebody's computer. Not what I got, but still enjoyed it a lot.(Dave, I hope you reach Coda)"
76561197993667385,Recommended,303210,19027090,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,oo7grayfox,One of the most human and meaningful gaming experiences.
,Recommended,303210,18978075,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Anime is a Choice,this game gave me a exstisential crisis
,Recommended,303210,19025018,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Nioga,"I have never been so scared and depressed while playing a game ever, and somehow at the same time I could understand and connect with the game and feel every emotion that each scene was trying to convey. My dream is to make games, but not just cool looking games that are just fun to play, I want to make games that can make people feel something. Games like this. This is my best way of describing this game without trying to jump to conclusions for just the in-the-moment comment: This is literally everything I strive to create, and is by far the single best game I have ever played."
76561198047168193,Recommended,303210,18897389,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rogue Armadillo,dayum what a game
,Recommended,303210,18300524,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ultra_stanley,"I'm still not sure if Coda, the creator of the games in the story, really exists. This was a really great experience which felt like a more fully realized piece of experiential art than some of the threads/moments of stanley parable that grappled with darkness and turmoil. Fantastically brilliant, exactly balanced emotionally. Can't believe that Davey was able to top the level of haunting that stanley parable ultimately impressed upon the player. He did it."
76561198032090191,Not Recommended,303210,18899378,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,travisleetaylor,This seems to be geared toward a very specific group of recluse game developers. It could have been so much more to so many. Save the coin.4/10
76561198011635427,Not Recommended,303210,18912616,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,psylo23,Finished it... hated it ... got refund. I am just sad that they couldn't refund the hour I lost playing this atrocity.
,Recommended,303210,18926568,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GreenPowerStar,"Bit of a slow start, but worth it for the payoff."
,Recommended,303210,18926738,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Vleet,"10/10. I can say without a doubt, that this game is the best purchase I have made thus far on steam."
76561198237016304,Recommended,303210,18437127,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,GodsReignOfHell,WHAT ARE YOU WATING FOR???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? Play This Game Right Now Dont Get Spoilers You NEED To Play This On Your Own.WHY YOU STILL HERE PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198055499616,Recommended,303210,18645149,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,canaan banana,Just try it - it's worth an hour and a half of your time.
,Recommended,303210,18560500,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Robert,"This is a psychological art piece.  If you enjoy reviewing games, or talking about what games mean, you may enjoy this.  This is not a funny game.  I believe the main point is to make you feel a certain way, and then have a twist to make you feel some other thing.  Somewhat like a psychological-thriller movie, but more like listening to critics explain a completely red canvas in an art museum.  If you're looking for that kind of experince, you should get this game.If you will be offended that there are only two hours of content, then you should not get this game.  (You should stop going to the movies too.)  But even though I don't enjoy the feeling this game left me to consider, I appreciate that this game exists.  Art doesn't need to make you feel happy, but just feel something.  And therefore I believe it does deserve the $10 I paid for it.Why did I not enjoy this game, but still recommend it?  Because I thought the narrator was too pretentious.  And I didn't enjoy the ending because I felt cheated.  But I do enjoy reading people analyzing this game in the same way that the narrator analyazes the games within the game.  And I'd love more games like this to exist than clones of Minecraft, Bejeweled, or another zombie game."
76561198022348689,Recommended,303210,18560565,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MrSpock,"This game is a short artistic game.  Calling it a ""walking simulator"" is probably accurate.  It's from the Stanley Parable guy, and it reminds me of that game's darker moments.  The overall tone is probably closer to that of Dear Esther or Gone Home, in comparison to other ""walking simulators"".  The game itself is a collection of games, presented by the game's creator.  He's not as comedic as the voice in the Stanley Parable, but I found him equally compelling.  Overall, the game is well worth a try if you're looking for an experimental, artistic game.  I can't say for sure that you'll personally enjoy it, but I did, and it certainly has artistic merit."
76561198080922642,Not Recommended,303210,18559210,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Silence777,"I don't really know what to write.I loved the Stanley Parable.I wanted to love this game, really. I just don't.It wasn't really bad, maybe other people will find something in it.For me this is not worth neither the money, nor the time.The tought behind are intresting.But for me the whole thing felt just too far-fetched. (I am not native english, maybe this isn't the right word for it)I am sorry I can't recommend this, I really waited for this game."
,Recommended,303210,18559474,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,PYROMANT|C,"The Beginner's Guide is a personal journey, both for the player and the developer. It's Davey Wreden working through his trials and tribulations that the success of The Stanley Parable brought him and you're along here for the ride. Indeed The Beginner's Guide shows how games can be used as a medium to work through things like this, just like more traditional mediums have been in the past. It might not be a game for everyone, especially for those expecting something more along the lines of The Stanley Parable, but it's a wonderful experience all the same. One that had me playing long after I closed the game down.Read my full review here:https://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2015/10/19/the-beginners-guide-where-for-art-thou-coda/"
76561198117509694,Recommended,303210,18679330,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Spawnface27,This game's story really hit me close to home. Mostly because I went through something like this.
76561198134051139,Recommended,303210,18683377,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Borg,After playing this game I feel a certain emptiness.But It was an extreemly good game and I throughly enjoyed it.Playing it without spoilers is the best possible thing you could do.
76561198254167790,Recommended,303210,18706803,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,jrjwade64,Wow...
,Recommended,303210,18738966,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,StealthyBanana,If you are considering purchasing this. Do it. Do not look up trailers or reviews. Just buy it. You wont regret it.
,Recommended,303210,18734754,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Goober,damn. This game is intense. It gets difficult to continue to just press the keys to walk forward. You need to play it.
,Recommended,303210,18734879,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,tHe HooKs BoYo,"I really dont write reviews at all but I felt like it was mandatory for me to write one. This game is wonderful, unless you have 0 emotion. The game not only is a playing experience but also an emotional one. The Beginners Guide made me feel everything from happy and wonderful to sad to the point of tearing up. The imagery within this game is absolutely amazing and I loved every bit of the game. I rate this game a very solid 10/10 even 100/10 if I can rate it that high. A game has never ever made me feel so much and I find it absolutely wonderful and unique. If you are on the fence about buying this game and are reading this, stop what youre doing and buy the game now. I have now found my new favorite game of all time."
76561198046386838,Recommended,303210,18760502,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Noies,"I really see myself in this work, trying to hide away. And hiding is great, until it isn't and you're lonely. You try to talk yourself out of that loneliness, but you already know it won't work. Then you try anyway. then you do it again, and again. you can't help youself. your only cure is other people, and you've hidden yourself from that.this game: fantastic."
,Recommended,303210,18748838,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BigThiccSpicyBoi,"Well just finished the game,I feel alot of emotions right now and its kinda sad.The game was amazing and you should just buy it now.I want to know a few things, like is Coda real and did you put in the lamp post in yourself.I loved the peacefullness of the HouseKeeping and want to know what she was going to ask me.I should stop writing before I ruin the game but anyhow go buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18752493,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[FTL] .jukebox,I've never felt this emotional finishing any game. Thank you for making this game.
76561198041118182,Not Recommended,303210,18755609,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,David Felton,"106 minutes of walking around incomplete levels, performing meaningless and repetitive tasks while a narrator describes his friends psychological state. And the big twist, is that maybe the narrator is being too judgmental and read into his friend something that may or may not have been there.Huge disappointment. I've requested a refund. This was not in any way enjoyable or fun, or even educational. Just a bad game."
,Recommended,303210,18750036,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ghostler Jones,8/10 Does a good job of telling you to clean your room.
,Not Recommended,303210,18748101,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,「JACK SUN」,Not worth $10
76561198131793129,Recommended,303210,18748123,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,sci4me,"GREAT Game. DO NOT watch videos or talk to anyone about it, BUY IT, PLAY IT. MLG/10."
,Recommended,303210,18947001,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sora,"This game is a total mindblow. I love this game so, so much. It's well crafted and the story unfolds nicely. 10/10"
76561198068383024,Recommended,303210,18947185,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Thing,This is a game that is thought provoking. And the message of it can not be found reading the reviews. It is unqiue for each of us.
,Recommended,303210,18946423,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rabbit,"I... I don't know how do go about a review.This is not a gamethis is an internal dialogethe struggle of the narratordealing with the man who made the gamesand you're simply along for the rideyou're used almost like a vent for the narrator, only one who cannot actually respond.this is somewhat dark and twisted and not for one who feels depressed or alone."
,Recommended,303210,18948109,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Twistano,"Thought provoking, interesting, disturbing at times as well. I would say it's worth buying."
76561198063805617,Recommended,303210,18939742,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,The Angry Ghost of Gary Gygax,"Some non-spoiler details: This is one of those dreaded ""walking simulators"" you hear the Internet yell about. But the story is the point here, rather than the gameplay. You will not regret that fact by the end.Don't read anything else about this game. Don't watch playthroughs on YouTube. Don't read the forums. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18938316,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ExpertPlasma,"This is a beautiful, melancholy game. To say anything else would not do it justice. Do not watch anything else; not even the trailers. Do not spoil it for yourself. Just play the game and experience it for yourself."
76561197977680504,Recommended,303210,18938419,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,SAM DONT PANIC,"This game has great reviews, I read a few and purchased it because I loved ""The Stanley Parable"".  Wow, I was not expecting such a profound adventure.  This game really struck a chord with me, man so deep so feels."
76561198218415195,Not Recommended,303210,18941972,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,MadHouseInmate,"If you want a game this isnt a game. this is the story of some guy incriminating himself. its utter crap, if you want a narrative game go buy 'life is strange'. that game is a master piece."
,Recommended,303210,18955908,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Edelguard,Heavy stuff
76561197976784669,Recommended,303210,19007808,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Vercalos,"First and foremost, I do heartily recommend this game, and recommend youdo not read this review any further, as there will be spoilers by proxy, or even by inference.  To really get the full experience of this game, you do NOT want to read any details about it beforehand.Seriously, if you're still reading this go play the game.Don't read this review any further. Go play it now.Alright, well If you've read this far you might as well read the rest.Given who developed this game, it's inevitable that it would draw comparisons to the author's previous work, namely, The Stanley Parable.  Frankly though, they are worlds apart.  The Stanley Parable is what I would term a 'Narrative Maze'.  Sure, there's a path you're intended to follow, but you still have choices, and those choices, and at times random chance, make a difference in what you see.  This game, on the other hand is what I would term a 'Walking Narrative': A linear path to follow, with a narrative accompanying it.  So gameplay-wise, it reminds me far more of ""Dear Esther"" than ""The Stanley Parable"".I spent a few minutes crying once the credits started rolling.  The last 'game' and 'epilogue' are very MUCH a punch to the gut."
,Recommended,303210,18998013,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,alyx vance,"This game. I finished it in 95 minutes, and despite the short play time, it's definitely worth it. I won't spoil anything, but you just need to play it. It's one of the best I've ever played."
,Recommended,303210,18978747,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,British Crumpet Man,"I'm going to say very little about this game, but it's short has very little gameplay mechanics besides walking and jumping. but still retains quality from the personal story the developer is trying to tell. what the marketing of this game may not tell you is that all of this game is about a real person, not a fictional character, this makes the game have much more of an impact than it would otherwise. Definitely worth your time and money even if the game is incredibly short."
,Recommended,303210,18979874,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zingeljig,WOW..........that was the most amazing game/peice of art I have ever played........just WOW.
,Recommended,303210,18999461,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,lukas42,
,Not Recommended,303210,18736902,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,baby jesus,"Games about game developers work about as well as movies about writers. It's just not interesting to describe a creative process. And while the game ultimately isn't about that, it spends a large chunk on this uninteresting misdirection.It's not the worst thing that has ever been created, and I give it props for being the first game to be boring in this manner."
76561198132676959,Recommended,303210,18991568,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Metooblock8,Best story ever. Fake or real it's worth it
76561197966268319,Not Recommended,303210,18981914,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,fartbutt,"This brought up so many questions,""Why did I pay $10 for this?""""Has it been less than 2 hours?""""Was the 90 minute play time intentional to allow dissatisfied players the chance for a refund?""""Would I feel differently if it had been $5?""""$2?""""Am I just missing the point?""""Is that intentional too?""""Can I derive conclusions about the game creator or his/her intentions by playing their game?""""Would my friends hate me if I recommended this and they felt they had wasted $10?""""Do I click yes, or no?"""
,Recommended,303210,18965468,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Stepitup171,This game touched my heart in a way I don't know how to explain. Just play it.
76561198236995372,Recommended,303210,19041299,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,jetfighter711,this game is one of the best games i've ever played it's worth the money and the ending hit me right in the feels.
,Recommended,303210,18670744,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,NecrolytE,"codaˈkəʊdə'noun MUSICnoun: coda; plural noun: codasthe concluding passage of a piece or movement, typically forming an addition to the basic structure.""the first movement ends with a fortissimo coda""the concluding section of a dance, especially of a pas de deux or the finale of a ballet in which the dancers parade before the audience.a concluding event, remark, or section.""his new novel is a kind of coda to his previous books""Originmid 18th century: Italian, from Latin cauda ‘tail’."
76561198051242695,Recommended,303210,19079645,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,gnomey,Can't really describe this experience.Or whether or not you'll like it.It's smart. It's worth it. Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,19098528,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:It will give you an interesting and immersive experienceIt explores having creative difficultiesThere are a lot of interesting game ideas in it. Kind of gets you to think a bit outside the box.Cons:Pretty shortIn a way the person who is making money off of this didn't make pretty much any of the content. (Unless the story is fake or this Coda is actually the narrator which are both possible)The game can get a bit depressing near the end
76561198065099739,Recommended,303210,19097973,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Don Juan D,Just play this game.Just DO IT!
76561198193324511,Recommended,303210,19103306,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Slippin' Jimmy,im speechless
76561198057030927,Not Recommended,303210,19102792,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Skaneland,"I would not recommend this ""game"". There are several reasons for this:1. This is not a game. This is more of a walk simulator with a story being told in your ear and infront of your eyes. I did enjoyed the story, as it was both unique and thought-provoking, but it was a story that could easily have been told without ANY player interaction, and as such doesn't qualify as a game in my book.2. This is a rather short experience, and it is VERY repetitive and quite francly a bit dull. Without spoiling the ""game"" there is alot of reused materials and assets, for obvious game-related reasons. But the issue remains.3. And lastly because the game had gotten so much praise when I purchased it here on Steam. The overwhelmingly positive reviews convinced me this must be a game that could compare to the Stanley Parable, a game that really deserved all praise it got. This, however, didn't quite fit in those big shoes left behind.All in all, I don't think this game is worth full price if you're on a tight budget. If its on sale, or if you really have money to spend, sure-- give it a go! If you want a unique experience and a bit of game developer-meta that doesn't strech beyond two hours, this is the game for you. Otherwise, stay clear. The story isn't THAT special."
,Recommended,303210,19071272,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,J.T.,This is not a game made enjoyment. It is a game made to make you think.I did just that at the end of it.
,Recommended,303210,19088204,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,_bm,That was a simply amazing experience. This is truly one of the most emotional games I've ever played. Definite 10/10
76561198078919071,Recommended,303210,19283991,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ᗰᑌ丅丅,I finished this game in 86 minutes. And I enjoyed it far more than a game I have played 55 hours of. Buy this game without knowing anything about it and you will enjoy it as much as I did.
76561198047172437,Not Recommended,303210,19292291,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,octacom,"want to play a boring and artistic game that tells a story of two uninteresting people, pretend that the game's some artistic masterpiece, and waste 10 dollars on a game that could be made by anybody? If so buy this game"
,Recommended,303210,19294028,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,NullDivision,A perfectly written example of how games can convay emotions in ways many other popular media cannot. Albeit short and not for the gamer that lives on the expectation of concrete game mechanics for anyone out for an interesting turn on story telling a remarkable game.
76561197975309370,Recommended,303210,19294110,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,BBlackFire,Now I'm sad...Sad that this game is over.
,Recommended,303210,19294117,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Xzanos,I'm not sure if it's real or not.but this story speaks more than most other stories.
,Recommended,303210,19294204,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sardonic,A very powerful and moving story that touched me deeply.
,Recommended,303210,19290093,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rarely Serious,"Wow, Never have a felt so immersed in a game were it felt very personal. 10/10 Another amazing game from Davey Wreden."
,Recommended,303210,19290245,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,:b:,i don't even know what i just played but i think it was worth it
,Recommended,303210,19290263,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ner'zhul,"First I need to say this is not a game so don't expect to have a characther, save the world etc. This is just a work that can only be described as humane. You will get to know two real life people with their own mentalities. It is just fascinating work and some kind of biography don't expect more and you will be glad you exprienced this I promise."
,Recommended,303210,19293047,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Omega Pegasi,"This is a gameThis is a storyThis is a letterIt's meant for himIt's meant for youIt's meant for meIt brings fearIt brings depressionIt brings fulfillmentThis is a story. You could see it on Youtube, but that wouldn't send the same message. Yes this is a game from the same maker of the Stanley Parable. Yes it is just as good, but don't expect a game. The nonfiction storyline is intense (I'll admit I cried). Please do not let this go unplayed. It is my belief that everyone should play this game, but some people might not understand it's full value."
,Recommended,303210,19293224,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kripparian Swaggarian Ninchu,The beginners guide is a game.
,Recommended,303210,19292598,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Armin Von Kamfher,As the other reivews have said this isn't a game. Think of it as an experiance.With that said this is a depressing experiance. It's very personal. It will make you feel awkward and sad.It's something that the creater needed to get out and I hope he is able to fined some sort of resolution by having this out there for everyone to see.
,Recommended,303210,19355769,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Renefoetsie,"This..... game, if you can even call it that, is one of the most touching and amazing 'games' I have played. I'm not going to spoil anything of the game, all I am going to spoil is that it's a real gem, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,303210,19354749,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,halofreakma,"It took me 85 minutes to complete, but I.....well I'll never forget its impact"
,Recommended,303210,19353397,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Crazierz,I nearly cried.I never cry.
,Recommended,303210,19353695,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rem Can Ward And Help too,Thanks
76561198188133039,Not Recommended,303210,19349635,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,andrewrichardbotelho,"whether or not the game is based on reality, davey has a super ego-centric mind set and is super heavy handed on imagery"
,Recommended,303210,19350868,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,hypeserver,"Davey Wreden does yet another amazing job at creating something that truly makes you step back and think. If you're not a fan of narratives or games that push the boundries on what is really a game then don't pick this up. If you want something to play once and then sit back and think about what it is you have actually just done then please please get this game. This is a fantastic look into being an artist, being lonely and trying to find meaning in what is around you."
76561198122126877,Recommended,303210,19351371,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,heromonger,Perhaps the best walking simulator that you can buy.
,Recommended,303210,19351689,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sir Quack,"Before I start writing my review I will say this is not your typical game, it's a story, a mind puzzle. I recommend this game because it gave me a feel of emotions that I have never had any game give me before. I have never connected with a character in a game before as much as I have connected with a person in this game. This is a game that is impossible to describe without ruining it. I would not recommend The Beginner's Guide if you are buying it to play. You should come into this game with the intent to listen and think, the moving and clicking is small potatos compared to the story itself."
76561198025363220,Recommended,303210,19351806,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Geek Corner,"This game, I can't even begin to explain or describe. It did leave an impression on me though, one I don't think I'll forget for a long time. If you are looking for an action packed adventure, this is not the game you are looking for by any means. If instead you are looking to reevaluate some small measure of your life, by all means pick this game up right now."
,Recommended,303210,19352172,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Truth,"Nothing I can say without spoiling it, so just...buy it.When I say it's  art, I mean that in the best possible way."
76561198012486166,Recommended,303210,19358902,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Limp Biscuit,"Though I enjoyed every moment of this game, I can't help but think that it shouldn't exist.  Davey, upon being told to internalize his own problems rather than externalize them, decides to bear his friend's sould to the world, with his own personal interpretation of how the games made HIM feel.  In the first level of the game, Davey gives out his own email, in hopes of starting dialogues with players of ""The Beginner's Guide.""  But that's not the point Coda was making.  Davey Wreden, if you're reading this, stop reading reviews.  The only dialogue you should be having is the one with yourself, the one that will allow you to find meaning in your own work without validation from others.  No external dialogue can help you find that.  It can only come from within yourself."
,Recommended,303210,19354299,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,evofusion,"Another entirely unique game from the creator of Stanley Parable. While I liked this one less, I still really enjoyed it. It is very emotional and left me feeling uncomfortable. I'm still not sure what to believe but I've come up with my own truth and I'm happy with it.As a fan of games as well as the processes behind developing games; as a creative type and one that struggles with marrying inspiration and work-ethic: this game really stands out to me."
76561198117257260,Recommended,303210,19357963,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheGoldShot,"You're wondering why i think this game was good or deserving of a thumbs up? well as everyone says the game is best played without knowing anything, and that is so true. I have waited to play this even avoiding the trailer. only heard rumors etc. This review is going to be done differently. I'm going to only tell you how this game made me feel, so without further ado lets begin the review. When i started it up and hit play, I quickly felt like i was about to be flooded with wonder, and i was. after ten minutes you could not stop me playing, i was listening to every word the narrator said reading everthing there was to read and exploring all that there was to explore. As the story progressed I felt as though i recognized myself being part of this story and how it reflected upon who i am, and my past decisions. like any good story there was a climax which after, i felt so.... emotional unstable. I didn't know what to feel or even how to feel. my eyes filled with tears of unknown and when i had completed the game i cried for two minutes, a million questions running through my mind and then, i just stopped crying, closed the completed game, got up and wrote this review. i had finally learnt more about myself than anything else. so i do recommend this game and i encourage everyone to buy it and learn something about themself. 10/10"
76561198046938761,Recommended,303210,19356757,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,therealsanta,"I beat the Beginners Guide five minutes ago.  I am very hesitant to use the word beat, because  that's not the sort of idea I feel after completing the game.  I am actually very confused on how to feel at the moment.  It is a complete masterpiece and I recommend itto anyone who wants to feel confused, depressed, sad, enlightened, perfect, and I would also recommend if you like prisons. Stop reading reviews and buy it, it's worth however much money you spend."
,Recommended,303210,19356915,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hyatt,Definitely a unique game.
,Recommended,303210,19356008,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Yeti,one of the most interesting games in existence
,Recommended,303210,19363897,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,d1az1non,"I felt more enlightenment and emotions in the couple of hours I spent with this game than I have with 99% of movies I've seen and books I've read. An extremely thought provoking, personal, philosophical adult experience - and now that I think I know the ending I can't wait to take an emotional breather and come back to it again for new perspective."
76561198031957731,Recommended,303210,19426416,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fitzbattleaxe,"A thought provoking and genre-bending game. If you're looking for something to play casually every now and then, this is not the game. It's like paying to go see an interactive movie. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,303210,19426709,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chrisheh,"I am recommending this game only because there's no ""neutral"" button and this game is more positive than negative (subjectively).First, this game isn't much of a game. If you think you're gonna replay a refreshed Stanley Parable or similar game, you're not. Sure, it's a game in the sense that it's interactive, but that's really where it ends. To me, this game feels and really is an interactive narrative, a very personal one that you can interpret however you want although there are some general consensus'.To me this feels like, and really is presented like, walking through a gallery and having an audio guide in your ears, except the narrator talks more about their opinions and interpretations of the work than the objective work itself.I got this game for $5.99  and honestly wouldn't pay more. But then again, when you go to the theaters how much do you spend for 1.5hrs of entertainment? Anyway, it's a weird but sentimental game, play it if you want."
76561197983241416,Recommended,303210,19426764,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Goodtime Goodboy,Very interesting.Try to go in without any spoilers.
,Recommended,303210,18333110,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Janeiac,"There was a moment where I just started crying and I couldn't quite explain why. This opened something quite raw in me and now I need a hug.I would recommend this to, people. Go people, explore, consider, complete, feel, live, create."
,Recommended,303210,18333248,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheScopedFanatic,"SPOILERS:I read all the text boxes to see if there was a secret, there wasn't10/10 would read again"
,Recommended,303210,18333295,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Doge,Mind=Blown
76561198012023582,Recommended,303210,18333362,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,lewrker,"Very short, but worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18333437,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Subut,"A very interesting psychologic experience, not a game in a traditional sense. Made me stop and think in a way no other game has done before. I hope Davey gets what he wants."
,Recommended,303210,18333471,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,AccelaSeven Twitch,"I came for humor.  I came for entertainment.  I came for The Stanley Parable 2.  What I got were feels.  It's so simple, yet so powerful I was brought to tears.I have a masters in Psychology...  I love a game that will play with the mind and show you the inside of another person's head.  But this...  this cut to the core.  There are a select few who will truely appreciate this game; and if you do not play it, your life will be worse for it.Thank you.  Thank you for this game."
76561198040992964,Recommended,303210,18333658,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The Mad Wizard,this game is deep. dont tell anybody!
,Recommended,303210,18331577,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,cav829,"How do you recommend a game without revealing almost a thing about it?Reviewers often struggle with how to write about a game as spoiler-free as possible. With most games, you can describe gameplay, graphics, music, and other aspects of the content in vague, generalized fashion. I am kind of at a loss to how to that with The Beginner's Guide.Professional reviewers have an established level of trust and a track record that allows the gamer to at least gauge whether a recommendation on a game probably means they will also like it. I'm a nobody, so I am not afforded that. But I would still be doing anyone reading this a disservice by spoiling a single aspect of The Beginner's Guide.In its simplest form, this is another walking simulator by Davey Wreden, the man who made The Stanley Parable, one of the most highly regarded walking simulators of all time. Walking simulators carry a stigma about them. One of the earliest popular walking simulators I ever played was Myst, a game that came out in 1993. Criticisms of Myst at the time almost perfectly mirror the criticisms some express towards them today. The debate of ""is this even a game"" is nothing new. It is not some new question players are suddenly arriving at since Dear Esther, Gone Home, and the rest brought the genre back in vogue.The player at the end of a walking simulator can, at least in my opinion, identify if the game was successful based on a simple question: could the content be conveyed as well through another medium such as a book or a movie, or was the interactive aspect of a video game vital to the content? To that end, the video game format is even more necessary to The Beginner's Guide than The Stanley Parable. Like The Stanley Parable, there is narration over the course of the game. This time it is provided by the author. However, the narration and the content are at odds with each other, increasingly so throughout the game. What the player draws from that is ultimately up to them, as you will reach the end of the game the same way no matter what.To be blunt, this game may resonate with you in some important way, and it may not. That is not to suggest that this is meant to be a complex narrative. Rather, the game is about delivering some very direct, personal messages through abstract means. It is as much about the messages it is trying to convey as the difficulty in the means of conveying them. It is both an existential crisis in electronic form and a simple statement of ""do with this what you will."" And what you draw from it depends on the player. Whether you're an artist, game creator, or just a fan of video games, there are different aspects of the content that will be more relevant to you.My greatest recommendation for The Beginner's Guide is to read as little as you need to before playing it. That is not so much about avoiding story spoilers, but because this is an experience every gamer should have for themselves. Take the opportunity to develop your own thoughts on it before reading the interpertations of others. Once finishing the game, whether you like it or not, your time will have not been wasted. One would be hard pressed to come away from the game without at least a few thoughts on it. My Steam play time was 80 minutes, and at $9.99 (currently discounted at $7.99), that is a valuable use of your equivalent lunch money."
,Recommended,303210,18331594,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Adamski,"10/10. I loved it from start to finish. Couple of tears now and then but, Thats the sort of game I like to play. Something with a build-up to an emotional ending."
,Recommended,303210,18331626,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JCM1221,a really simple game that is just hard to describe. I think it shows about the spark of creativity just going up and down. it felt somehow perfect.
76561198038866086,Recommended,303210,18331633,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Gluttony Slim,I cried a few times. It's short and good and cheaper than a movie
,Recommended,303210,18331640,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,youngmadeof,Unique is a word that just doesn't cut it with this game. A truly special gaming experience.
,Recommended,303210,18331700,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rchlx,This one is different...
,Recommended,303210,18331732,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,swif d,This is art.
76561198206371659,Recommended,303210,18331792,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FearTheDon,"I didnt quite know what the game was when I was looking at it on Steam. I saw pretty good reviews and decided to go off  on a limb and buy they game. When upon first entry, I realized that this was a game about listening understanding, and walking rather than shooting, killing and just trying to get to an end. I'm not going to spoil it too much but as you get through each ""phase"" or ""chapter"" you begin to think more and more into the mind of Davey and ""Coda"". All in all this game actually teaches you something usefull. $7.99 may be expensive to a person looking to buy a game, but the knowledge you obtain from playing it for an hour and a half is unmatched and worth more than the $7.99 you pay for the game. Buy it. Play it. Understand it. Learn from it. Think. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18331826,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Full Spooky Punk,"If you have money to spare buy and play this game, it will take you slightly under 2 hours but it will be worth it. Don't look up spoilers, you need to understand the context of the entire game to understand the end"
,Recommended,303210,18332149,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,antila,"It makes you think about games as a medium, without being a game."
76561198038436337,Recommended,303210,18332177,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,burningtime,"Interesting game. If you are on the fence about whether to play this, I would say go for it. It deals with the force behind creativity and how it can reflect someone's identity. Finished it about a half hour ago and I liked it a lot."
76561198012493888,Recommended,303210,18332216,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Karl Marx PhD,"This game can provide a transformative experience.This game can make you think about other games and about your relationships. It can make you wonder about the nature of creativity, your hopes, dreams, and ambitions, about how you see the world and others.It can do a lot of things, but does not necessarily do them.Excellent."
,Recommended,303210,18331033,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Hipster_PeZZ,The Beginner's Guide is bigger then a video game. It's a piece of art.Thank you Davey Wreden for sharing this wonderful experience.
,Recommended,303210,19295065,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,itstheloopdigga,"It's like staring at an art piece you can interact with as an amazing narration accompanies you through the story of one game developer's fears, depression, and anxiety and how he uses game development to deal with them."
76561198064696225,Recommended,303210,19295186,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Havokk,"Beautiful Game. Warning: may trigger some people, be careful."
76561198110460692,Recommended,303210,19296727,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,funbi1112,There's something personal for everyone to find in here.
76561197999218552,Recommended,303210,19296852,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Wrenly,"Thought provoking, emersive and painful.  Fully realized, unreliable characters.  Easily the best game I've played in months and is doubtless going to be the measuring rod against which I judge games for a long time. Don't read what it's about in advance, in some ways it's more of a story experience than a game. Buy it, play it and prepare to sit down and have a long think afterwards."
,Recommended,303210,19297280,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Blänk,"A fantastic experience! Really enjoying these narrative experiences that keep coming up on Steam every now and again. For me it all started with Dear Esther (the newer standalone version on steam, NOT the original half-life mod I have heard about.) and this is an excellent addition to the roster of games that are like this. Brings out some raw and real emotion as you play, listen, and learn."
,Recommended,303210,18418630,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ZombieXD50,"This is an amazing game. It's hard reviewing this game without spoiling anything.Instead of telling you what it is and runing the full feel of the game I'll just tell you what it's not.I bought this game because I thought it was just a new version of the Stanley Parable.It's not but I stayed and played it because it got my attention. It's not the game you tend come across very often.You only use the 5 controls to play this game: w,a,s,d and left clickAlso this isn't a game where it has a main character and he/she does around doing things, you walk around follow rules you can't break and listen.I highly recommend this product if your a game developer or your wanting to become one it gives you a different view on games. At least to me it did, everyone's experience may be different."
,Recommended,303210,19296302,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gerrold,"I dont recommend this games, to players who are in it for fun. This is a piece of art. A short game with a very heavy message. The lenght is perfect, the story is beautiful and if its realy based on true events even more touching.The bigest feature is that you can absoluteli find yourself in it. Especially if you are a young adult in your 20ties.And please Coda, if you are real, start making games!"
76561198025474731,Not Recommended,303210,19296511,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Yug,"If you're expecting anything even closely resembling The Stanley Parable - an infinitely more enjoyable, interesting and unique experience - you will be thoroughly disappointed.It boils down to two options: Either the dev is showing he's a terrible person who has no sense of other people's personal boundaries, or it's an artsy-schmartsy boring as all hell story about a terrible person who has no sense of other people's personal boundaries. The revelation at the end comes as absolutely no surprise to anyone with a functioning conscience."
76561198068159382,Recommended,303210,19295350,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,the Jews,"Wow...I highly recommend this to anyone. This is a game about a man who is distraught with himself without knowing, he needed someone else to keep them going. Just play it, you don't need to hear the story from me or anyone else besides Davey."
,Recommended,303210,19281164,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,inconspicuous,It's an incredible experience. Just play it.
76561198052959969,Recommended,303210,19282645,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,pressdigitator,"This is a masterpiece, this is moving, this is thought-provoking, this is the best thing I've played all year and stunning in it's depth and implications. This is a game."
76561198058177899,Recommended,303210,19281821,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MeatFork,"I Purchased this game today, 11/26/15. I waited for it to go on sale because the synopsis stated that the Game was only an hour and a half long. I should not have waited for the sale. This game, This Experience, is worth more than full price. It pulled me so far into my own head, I can see me thinking, experiencing and feeling... from the inside. Other reviewers are correct, do it in one sitting. I regret nothing, and everything."
,Recommended,303210,19282075,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mossarelli,This is pure art. Words do no justice.
,Recommended,303210,19314958,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lelo.Senpai,I think that he always felt alone like no one could fill the emptyness within him and being around other people made it worse. and other people interfering like the writer made him notice things about himself he didn't want to see and seeing those things made him angry and want to push people away even more. that he would never find happiness and didn't want to. he was broken and just wanted the peace of being by himself with no expectations and no need to hope and be disappointed that things could get better when they were not going to. I loved the game would recommend it.
76561198253724273,Recommended,303210,19316310,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kopriva44,"Two hour experience that can't be easily described. Or forgotten. Something really different and thought provoking. I would highly recommend this game. Buy it, especially if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,303210,19309172,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Necro,"Just not what I expected. I tried not to spoil me, because of the inovative nature of the stanley parable. Should not have done this. This is not even a game. My condolences for the depressive developer and props for the courage of opening up his feelings to an audience, but I don't want to pay for something like this."
,Recommended,303210,19309616,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,T.w² | Rosette,"Everything about this game is just incredible.From the atmosphere to the voice acting, it's all just top notch.I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good short story that's a bit thought provoking due to it's nature."
76561198066514935,Recommended,303210,19309661,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ItsTheBirdd,This game changed me as a human being.
,Recommended,303210,18368692,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sparkey6,"It's weird, interesting but weird. Kind of a mix between Stanley Parable and Anti-chamber.."
,Recommended,303210,18368859,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Exenth,"This Game got me thinking about stuff I never thought of beforrealy good Game, everyone who loves Games where you must think for yourself a bit, after finishing it, will love this one"
,Recommended,303210,18388125,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sparrow,"Its art, thats the only way to describe this game...art"
,Recommended,303210,18399266,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sir Mixxit of Cheem,An emotional journey
,Recommended,303210,18399317,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Kranitoko,I feel like I can relate to this in so many ways. It pretty much shows who I would have been had I started making games... and it hurts me a bit. But this is still beautiful in its own right.
,Recommended,303210,18399568,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Sinius,"Don't watch the trailer. Don't read reviews. Don't watch LPs.Just go play it. Keep in mind that this is not The Stanley Parable, and that it is pretty short. Short and satisfying. It's perfect. Go buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18398378,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,cheese__dip,Beautiful.
,Recommended,303210,18398554,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ice Abyzz,"While overpriced, this game tells an interesting story in an interesting way. Grab it for 5 bucks and put away 2 hours and play throught the game in one sitting. It's worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18400310,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Evan,"Not your average game, if you can even call it a game.  Try the game out for yourself, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198036720365,Recommended,303210,18403344,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nahlar,Its amazing. The less you know about it the better.
76561198125029925,Recommended,303210,18403395,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,<\[Bar_Code]/>,"Coda may not know, but he made a lot of friends right now. Just playing this game makes me feel, so lonely like you almost need him. Whoever reads this, please share this game with friends & family.Sincerly another one of your friends20/10"
,Recommended,303210,18403429,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nagu,Somehow Davey has accomplished the seemingly impossible- he's successfully made a  game that somehow manages to be even MORE meta than The Stanley Parable.It's actually a meta meta game. And it's every bit as hard to understand as it sounds.
,Recommended,303210,18442147,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kat,More powerful and influential than you might think...
76561198126632363,Recommended,303210,18442253,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,VENCE,"""FOR R""???????????"
,Recommended,303210,18442537,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Pyro Update Hype,"It is a very, very emotional game.Although it is by the person who claims it is a sequel to the Stanley Parable, it is not. It is just the creator telling a story about something that has been worrying him. It is not funny, it is not exciting.But still, it is a very good game.*POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAED*It made me feel very depressed when I finished the short 1 1/2 hour of gameplay. The way the friend, Coda, made games as an outlet but began to feel very depressed. At the giant door game (or sometime after) the narrator said these new games were not healthy for coda, and I agreed. Then when the narrator tries to help coda, it ends their friendship.Thats why it is so emotional. Two very good friends misunderstood each other and because of that, this game was greated. This game is essentially a tribute to Coda.Now if you will exuse me, I am going to go cry. In the corner. Of a closet. On mars."
,Recommended,303210,18442562,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Hatsage7,"This game is incredible. I can't say too much without spoiling it, but I can say that this is one of the most emotional games that I have ever played. I cried, and that's not some cheap joke, I actually cried at the end of this game. The only thing I would say is that you should start thinking right off the bat now whether or not it's real, because that is going to completely change how you interpret the game.This game made me sad. I need some coffee."
,Recommended,303210,18442632,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,LevelDown,Definitely gives you the feels for a while after completion. Try to complete the game on a day you don't have anything important so it won't distract you. Love this game. Shout out to my boy Coda.
,Recommended,303210,18457891,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hedgethehog,"One of the best games I've ever played.More of a interactive story, with a great way of telling it.As with all Davey Wreden's games, dont watch any reviews or LP's.Just Buy and Play."
,Recommended,303210,18459687,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ftanyx,Story based game with depth and introspection.
,Recommended,303210,18443850,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,iDevil360,"If you played The Stanley Parable before, THIS IS NOTHING LIKE THAT GAMEThe best way to get into this game is to just... play it. Dont watch any trailers, no lets plays, no reviews, nothing.I expected it to be awesome, and 1.5 hours later, this game was in my top 10 list."
76561197980152732,Recommended,303210,18341585,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Xio,This is one of the few games i've played that  honestly feels like a legit work of art in a more traditional sense. It's incredible and worth the price imo. It's also one of the few times i've felt a moral choice in a game actually have impact. I'm still thinking about it days after playing - which I think is the hallmark of great art. I know this sounds pretentious and that's fine.
76561197970526914,Recommended,303210,18339067,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,OGLE-TR-122b,Im speechless...
76561198000743333,Recommended,303210,18340027,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,mrkandeag4ever,"Look, you don't need to have played ""The Stanley Parable"" in order to understand this game. Yes they are simular but not connected. I think this game tells an amazing story and is fun to play!"
76561198015553374,Recommended,303210,18340127,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Qouk,"""it lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives.""If you keep this in mind you will not be dissapointed expect this and some real feels. This game is trying to bring a real powerfull message but is nothing like the stanly parabol so don't think you are in for 1,5 hours of fun there will be feals. Overall this game delivers this message better than I have seen in most games. I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,303210,18340177,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,WhyCantWeBeFriends?,Im in love with this game. Dont read anything about it. Play it now.
,Recommended,303210,18340242,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ninjamelons,The Feels Train Here I come! CHOO CHOOOOO
76561197994319419,Recommended,303210,18338657,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Tenno Hyena,"This game is an imperfect Mirror.It is a story about someone discussing his creative friend and their journey.This is a look at a flawed person, and their reach for the world.And you will see yourself in it.Your creative pursuits.Your failures.Your desires.And you wont really.Because it's not a perfect mirror.It's a reflection of a struggle we can all feel."
,Recommended,303210,18305830,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Inanis,"Where to begin. I'll admit first off by saying I read a LOT of reviews before purchasing this game. I was afraid that, as someone who does not create anything (with exception to a couple of maps built with hammer...I had problems with falling through the map) that I might find much of its meaning will go over my head. I do feel to a degree there are elements I am missing in order to understand this game fully, but that is an issue with me more than the game I am sure.This game tickled my love of the abstract and mixed it with a sort've pseudoplot, which itself hinges around questioning what you ""know"" and your perception of other people. I wont say anymore as I fear that by trying to explain why I like this game I could accidentally give the game away. It's that sort of game. Not to mention having finished it will change the way you see the entire game compared to even 2/3s through.This game is short, sweet, emotional and thoroughly entertaining.Truly enjoyable experience. If you can get it on sale, purely for playtime value I would say wait if you can but there is no shame in throwing the ~£6 on it as I am sure you will enjoy it!I didnt regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18340568,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,NathanTR,If you liked the movie Adaptation and are ok with spending the asking price for a game that is under 2 hours long then I recommend the game.
76561197977837595,Recommended,303210,18343418,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Falcon575,"Recommend, with caveats. The presentation is similar to The Stanley Parable, but not the substance. The Beginner's Guide is thought provoking and, at least in my opinion, makes a poignant statement. There were points where I felt a little lost, but in the end, like with many others who played the game, I related very well. I feel that the game spoke directly to me.In short, The Beginner's Guide is ponderous, but in a good way. I enjoyed the time I spent playing and it is well worth the cost."
,Recommended,303210,18343471,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mr. -Z-,"Not only being a huge Stanley Parable fan but of ""different"" type games this intrigued me, I played it all in one sitting and found it not only interesting but deep as well, you get absorbed into it and when it's done you ask a lot of questions in your head, so if you enjoy thought provoking stories or games give this a check out for sure!"
,Recommended,303210,18342287,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,night sun,Its a great game. After I picked it up I couldnt put it back down till it was done.
,Recommended,303210,18344504,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zesty Cucumber,Wow.
76561198043038197,Recommended,303210,18344763,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bob Bunk,Good.
,Recommended,303210,18344916,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sage Josh,"I absolutely loved this game but there is actually not much you can say about it with out spoiling the story or influencing how people will look at this game. This is deffinatly not for everyone as it is what alot of people refer to as ""a walking simulator"". You are told a story as you walk and some times interact with some stuff.Alot of negitive reviews seem to think this should have been more like the stanley parable with being able to break the naritive, but thats not what this is about. I also dont think this could really be presented in any other medium as a major part of the story is in fact the worlds built by the narrator's friend.the two gripes i have about this game is that the story could have been flushed out more with a lot more interaction and the fact that the story takes you down a sort of garden path so to speak."
,Recommended,303210,18344958,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ＴＨＲＩＬＬＨＯ,"This is a weird game. If you can even call it that--""game"". It has gameplay, but that isn't really the point. It's thinking about the game that makes the game. As I said, it's weird. It's probably closer to art than entertainment.  But that isn't a bad thing.You play the game, and it's an open-ended emotional rollercoaster that leaves a lot of open questions. The great thing about this is that it forces you to think about it. And you may find answers. But will they be the same as someone else who played the game? Well, that's the point of the game :-)The game is not very long, but also not very expensive. And the experience is pretty much priceless. Play it!"
76561198052077538,Recommended,303210,18345086,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,mockingbird1725,"Look i'll be honest here, its a walking simulator nothing more nothing less. If your not into this sort of game then you should not buy it. And if you enjoyed the ""Stanley Parable"" THIS IS NOT IT. Its an entirely different narrative but god is it on of the best narratively driven games i have ever played EVER. Its closest rival would be ""If Thomas was alone"", but that game is a far better ""game"" than this. This is very linear and relies entirely on the narrative of Davey and its a pretty good narrative but its still not something i would recommend to buy since it NOT A GAME in the sense, and i would be terrible to recommend to anyone expecting to get their money's worth. Here's the thing though i don't regret buying this game at all even though there is no replay value whatsoever NONE ZIP NADA. I would also be lying if i said this game didn't pluck at my heart strings. Davey you put me in a tight spot here. How can i recommend something that i know is not worth $9.99 yet I ABSOLUTELY LOVED EVERY SECOND OF IT.♥♥♥♥♥♥.. im finding it very difficult to write this review. There are moments in this game (i dont know what else to call it) were im staring at my keyboard spaming the backspace key for 5 minutes straight for no reason at all, but since this game is that heavy on the emotional side it cause me to do that. There are some genuinly jaw dropping moments in this game . This is the the type of game you need to experience in one single sitting NO pauses NO breaks NO interuptions; turn off you phone, dim down the lights, go to the bathroom beforehand put your favorite drink next to you and lock the door for about an hour and a half. But i will tell you what this game its an.................................................................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................."
76561198112595275,Recommended,303210,18343727,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,jorge.chavez,We need more games like this
,Recommended,303210,18343845,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mr Spoon,"...An entirely unique, facinating, thought prokovking experience- a true example of video games as art. I am very confused, but very happy that I played."
76561198045317516,Recommended,303210,18343870,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ogre Magikarp,"This, like The Stanley Parable, is more of an experience then a game. Unlike The Stanley Parable, this game really needs the right mindset to be appreciated. There is not much to do, and the story goes into some deep themes, you need to be willing to feel to enjoy the game. There are no similar games to say if you liked x then you'll like The Beginner's Guide, so I recommend you get the game and wait until you're in the right frame of mind to 'play' it."
,Recommended,303210,18451926,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Radiopomp,"Should you get The Beginner's Guide? I don't know. Did you think Stanley Parable was more than a comedy? Do you enjoy thought experiments? What about interpreting fiction? Are you okay with a video game holding your hand through the entire way, instead of giving you complete agency?When I finished playing, I had a strong need to stop everything I was doing and lie down for a while. Maybe that's because I haven't been sleeping well lately, but I've been left with a lot of thoughts I don't really know how to put on paper. And that's just the way this game likes it."
76561198085042088,Recommended,303210,18447601,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rystein,Thought provoking. Inspiring. Relatable.Great to see games like this being made. A moving experience.
,Recommended,303210,18447692,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,iamnosuperman,"Quite an intriguing game. I am not that big on walking simulators but this game really struck a cord with me. The story is interesting and the levels complement the story well. It is short (around 90 minutes long) but it is definitely worth a go. Just don't go in expected a lot of reply. Once it is done, it is done. However, you might spend some time pondering what you just experienced."
,Recommended,303210,18450883,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Gaunkle,Pleasantly surprising. Probably the best 10 dollars I've spent in a long time.
,Recommended,303210,18450953,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,pharmadee,"Just play it. Don't spoil it for yourself.Story rich, takes almost none of your time, hits hard, and is pretty beautiful.It took me 2 hoursish but I dicked around a lot in-game."
,Not Recommended,303210,18451088,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Optimal,"Game wants to try really hard to teach you some meaningless morals about the creator that don't apply to everyone, instead ends up feeling like game of self validation.Id suggest making a full game out of the housemaid simulator.. was the most fun I've had in the past month."
76561198115701400,Not Recommended,303210,18451282,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"I recommend this game if you are tired of shooting aliens and just want to space out for an hour and a half. I also think it should be half the price. It is too expensive for what it is.There really is no category for this and I am hesitating to officially recommend it because I couldn't wait for it to be over. I knew exactly what it was going to be like because I had read a lot of reviews. I knew why people hated it and why they like it.Maybe it would be a more meaningful game to play if I was interested in pondering my self and my place in the world. Alas, I was not in the mood to do so.This is basically a codependent tale."
,Recommended,303210,18446552,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,"1, 2... 4?","NON SPOILERS BELOWThis game is truly unlike anything I've experienced before. Never has a game come across so sincerely emotionally-driven before; it is surely one of the must affecting games I've ever had the pleasure to play.I'd say, if you don't mind spending an hour and a half doing something that isn't fun but has a wider context to it, then stop reading this, and go buy this now. Boundries are being broken here."
,Recommended,303210,18446721,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,thaprodigy58,"Incredibly interesting story... Very gripping and well done.  Incredible example of ""games as art"".Coda... if you are out there.... please...."
76561198081760049,Recommended,303210,18446741,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,motorboatcody,Awesome fully recommend on visuals soundtrack and story. 11/10 feels.
,Recommended,303210,18446855,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ΛeveΛ,"~~ The Beginner's Guide ~~-----------------------------------*Spoilers Below*---------------------------------------------------------------------DON'T Read below until you have played the game fully though.Seriously, it's very important to play this game knowing nothing about it. I know its hard but please just do it. Please. It will be worth it, i promise.This was probably one of the hardest reviews for me to write. Not only because game design is the field that i am currently heading towards, but also because of my own experiences. Just after finishing the game i'm still rendered speechless, thinking about life, about emotions, about friends.InThe Beginners Guide[/u] the player travels throughout small games created by the narrator's real friend named Coda. The narrator guides you through the levels, pushing you through impossible sections and the emotional torment of his friend. Many people will lable this game as a ""movie game"", but i feel that it needed to be a game. It would not be as powerful or emotionally dramatic, being able to stop and look anywhere you want in the surrounding area. Even if the narrator is talking about something else you'r able to go back and really take a look at something. You can understand what Coda was really going through at that certain time.Throughout this game you can't help but feel like your not supposed to be seeing any of this. These small games were not meant to be released to the public, but instead only meant to express someones personal emotions.But this game leaves you wondering.Wondering if Coda was actually real. Yes, he was addressed the entire game. But nothing in the credits mentioned his name even once. Maybe Coda is just a placeholder or such to represent the average ""creator"". And the narrator, named ""Davey"" although a very likable character, could be only used to push the player along. Helping the player understand the hardships of constantly creating something new and fresh.I don't even need to add a ""good"" and ""bad"" review table here.The only way it could have possibly been better is if I could find out what actually happened to Coda, and Davey.Litterally Breathtaking   98%  =  9.8/10"
76561198059385940,Recommended,303210,18449400,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Talkin Fishbone,"Tells a depressing tale over time, and succeeds at piercing your heart and making it cry. A worthy game of your attention if you like emotional games, lacks in gameplay but makes up for it in storytelling."
,Recommended,303210,18449425,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Your Sandwich,I did not sign up for this feels trip.
,Recommended,303210,18449671,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,treepour,"The ""can games be art?"" question has been settled once and for all. This is art. Profound, mysterious, emotionally-stirring, self-aware, intellectually provocative art."
,Recommended,303210,18449672,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Open Bob,"ok I absolutely love this game! the story, and everything is just awesome."
76561198145313021,Not Recommended,303210,18449892,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MrMcNuggets,"Not like the stanley parable at all, worst $10 ever spent..."
76561198041734902,Recommended,303210,18442600,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Cravingollie,"The Beginner's Guide is truly a very special game that everyone should play atleast once in their lifetime. This game really makes you think and you can see parts of yourself in this game and really empathise with the people in this game and what they are feeling and going through. Even after finishing the game you will have this game in your head for a while. Just be warned that playing this game will affect people differently after playing, One person might feel sad, the other might feel happy, or even some people wont feel anything at all! Just play this game, enjoy it, appreciate it, and just learn from the life advice this game gives you that can really help you in life.If you dont like Singleplayer games or games that are heavily story based and are different from your ordinary singleplayer story based game im not sure if you'll like this game but im sure you probably will."
76561197998795537,Recommended,303210,18487076,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Dead.Weight,I can't say what I liked about this game; just know that I did.
,Recommended,303210,18432088,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Daniel | ダニエル | 丹尼尔,Just play it and you will see why its great it will make you think about everything again.. if you understand it
76561198058524805,Recommended,303210,18432407,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Alienrocker{UFIP},this is a powerful game its not a action game its not even a walking sim if your worried thats what it is all i can say is play it you will have a mix of emotions you will feel glad be amazed but you will feel sad too its just so amazing and pls do not just look it up on youtube its something you need to play to understand
,Recommended,303210,19327503,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,dangeropolis,"This game is technically for us, the player, to like and understand. Even the game's narrator talks about how he can't imagine not needing the validation. We're supposed to relate to the desperation, the need. We've all had people cut us off completely, we've all done terrible things with no way to get redemption, we all feel like we need to be forgiven.And yet, I still felt like this game wasn't for any of us. I felt like an intruder playing this, that's how personal it was. It's the sort of game I want a literary class to have to write essay after essay on.But anyway, play the ♥♥♥♥ outta this game if you want to feel lonely as hell. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,19325761,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,victrium,.....whoa.
76561198009277051,Recommended,303210,19325928,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Thrym,"Certainly not what I expected, but captivating nonetheless. Taking an entirely different approach from The Stanley Parable, this game is here to tell you a story. Play in one sitting, it only lasts about 90 minutes."
76561198095540050,Recommended,303210,19326054,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Fawkes,"Don't worry no spoilers.The Beginners guide really did make me rethink alot of things. Even the most shallow people could get something out of this, which is what I think makes this game a true work of art. Just be prepared to think a little."
,Recommended,303210,19325350,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,reflectingpond,"I thought that the first half of the game raised interesting questions about games and the people who make them before being somewhat lost to dramatics in the second half. That being said, I would still highly recommend it, even more than The Stanley Parable."
,Recommended,303210,19328889,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MetalMary,"I'm sitting here, in the aftermath of playing this game, and I'm in shock and awe. I smiled, I was confused, I cried, I even screamed at one point. Please do NOT read the reviews (for spoiler's sake). Just get it and keep your mind open. Be prepared to think... to ponder on metaphor and sub-text.Don't worry if the game doesn't start on it's own. Here's how to fix it:- Locate the file beginnersguide.exe (in the folder Steam\steamapps\common\The Beginners Guide)- Right-click beginnersguide.exe and select Properties- Select the Compatibility tab- Check the box that says ""Run this program in compatibility mode for:""- Select Windows 8 from the drop-down menu, then press OKJust trust me that everything in this game has a purpose. This includes: doing the above, and the fact that there are no achievements or cards for this game. Just think about those things once you're done with the game and you'll understand."
,Recommended,303210,19342725,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Buttlep,"You dont play The Beginner's Guide, you don't look at The Beginner's Guide, and you don't ""do"" this game. You feel this game. You experience this game. This game, is not the game. Its the experience."
76561198008414212,Recommended,303210,18556276,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Safe-Keeper,"Play this game.I can't write anything without stepping into spoiler territory. Just play it. It won't be what you expected, but trust me, it will stick with you.(Extra points for that homage to Ground Control in the trailer :3 . You may not want to watch the trailer, though. This is the kind of game you should enter with no knowledge of what it's like ;) )"
,Recommended,303210,19347116,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DaRanged,"One of the most surreal, enigmatic experiences I've ever had in a game. Hard to describe without giving much away, It was brilliant as it was harrowing."
76561198042612750,Recommended,303210,19347500,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KokiMayara,"### EXPECTATION ###So you see that there's a new game of the developer of The Stanley Parable - you really did enjoy that wonderfully crafted creative experimental video game experience about a man named Stanley; a parable on the topic Choice in video games as well as on Life itself. Crafted in a way that hasn't been done before.You watch the trailer for The Beginner's Guide and you think: 'Ok. Kinda interesting, but hm... can't be better and more avant garde than The Stanley Parable. Let's wait for a while until it's cheaper.'I was totally wrong.### SURPRISE ###Not completely comparable to the previous game, it deals with so much more topics - topics that go way deeper than Choice or Free Will. In a broader sense, Davey vivisects not only the Video Game Industry, but the drive that keeps us humans alive - what keeps our pursiut, our ambition to live, the reasons we give up on life or keep going on.From here on there will be Spoilers. Let me say one last thing:'PLAY THIS GAME UNBIASED / UNPREJUDICED. Otherwise you will definately regret it!'------------------------------ SPOILER ALERT ------------------------------I've played this game twice within two days now. First time alone, second time with a friend - we had a long discussion and thought-exchange afterwards. To make it short: I haven't seen a game yet, which deals with these much critical and actual topics in a sometimes sublte sometimes direct way. It goes from critics on the video game industry and on the players themselves towards topics of depression and schizophrenia. There's so much meaning hidden between the lines - it's like most (if not all) the Coda Games are a statement in itself:The lack of falling damage which the player normally expects in video games lets us carefully 'climb' down the boxes (Chapter 7, Down). The playability of video games concerning the players expecations and patience (several chapters; labyrinths, puzzles). And the way it deals with sensitive topics is breathtaking. So carefully.### VERDICT ###The Beginner's Guide created a new Genre. It's kinda the evolution of novels, film and videogames. It is not comparable to other games yet. Most people won't regret buying it - there's just so much to get from it. It's a piece of modern art."
,Recommended,303210,19345761,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,tsupertsundere,"This game told me a lot about myself that I wasn't expecting. This game definitely WAS NOT what I was expecting.I loved every good god damn part of it. I wish it were ten hours long. I am so happy this game exists.I see a lot of myself in Davey. I see a lot of myself in Coda. The construction and pacing of the story is so exquisite it's painful, in the best way.Holy ♥♥♥♥. Thank you so much for this experience. Thank you."
76561198001855584,Not Recommended,303210,19303422,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,paul.ragnar,"The Stanley Parable was a clever, thoughtful, and fun. It left the player wanting more.The Beginner's Guide is a sharp contrast: overwrought, pretentious, self-serious, and boring. At twenty minutes in, I was desperately hoping for some sharp right turn -- some dramatic shift to a game or a narrative I might actually find compelling. By forty minutes in, I was desperately just hoping that it would be over soon. It lasted another excruciating hour."
76561198040411748,Recommended,303210,19313319,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pOpO eLEcToR,A very good experience. It's not just a game it is more.
76561198186396395,Recommended,303210,19312228,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,Play it. Play it twice. But don't take my word for it.
76561198107370979,Recommended,303210,19298956,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Malamute456,10/10 Made me feel uncomfortable and question everything I know.
,Recommended,303210,19312744,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Nicky T,Well that was weird.
,Recommended,303210,19309885,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,A Pirate Monkey,Something you should play if you think about games and/or stuff in general.
,Recommended,303210,19308604,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Uncheckedcrowd,Very well done. I cant hold all of these feels!
76561198015478263,Recommended,303210,19306339,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Imperator Hadrianus,"Granted it's a short game, but if you're a fan of video games, of game development or just curious about how to best convey emotion in this medium, this is the absolute best example so far. Just make sure to finish it in one sitting, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,303210,19306775,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mivario,"Not so much a game, but more of a story that makes you think"
,Recommended,303210,18282985,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nuborn,"I won't say much because as I'm typing this my mind is completely empty. This game? is an unusual but very emotional experience that needs to be played, not seen. I've never felt this unconfortable emotionally before because it touches on so many different social interactions and the feelings around them.I've never felt this confused before, but at the same time the messages the game conveys are so in tune with my own experiences that it actually hurts to realise it. If The Stanley Parable was a dive into what can make a person laugh within the constraints of a video game, this is what happens when you decide to explore the complete opposite spectrum of human emotions.Davey has done something amazing, even if its making me question my own experience with others around me."
76561197979469413,Recommended,303210,18283017,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jeff Albertson,"that was clearly something i did not expectits not the stanley parable...not even near it (you can shoot actually a gun in this one, lol)even though it gave me a lough once and again, it is not a comedy game and is quite seriousyou can say it is less then a game in terms of gameplay, its completly experiencual (if that is even a word)without telling too much you can say it is a kind of documentary of someone who built alot of small games that never saw the internet. narated by Davey himself you try to understand that person.you actually have to find out yourself if this game is worth your money it takes roughly 1,5 hours of your time and 9€ of your moneyto me it was worth itps. i had a small smile on my face at the end :)ps2, thanks for making Davey"
76561197966298550,Recommended,303210,18283072,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Orsk,"Simply amazing.You have to play it for yourself, its not possible to capture the feeling and depth you get from this title and put it in a review.I imagine everyone who plays through it will get a different experience, go on a different journey.Not in the game but with in themselves."
,Recommended,303210,18283077,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Theocore aka THE BIG BOLD TASTE,A short but fascinating experience. Don't go in expecting Stanley parable 2 - keep an open mind.
,Recommended,303210,18283081,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Red Fox,"This is a very interesting project.  though the pricing could be a little better for a hour and an a half experience, I feel it should be at least $5.00 at the most. Anyway I did enjoy this, but I'm sure a lot of people aren't going to, and that is fine everyone has there tastes and opinions. I don't really have anything else to say with out spoiling the premise. I think I've said all that is needed to be said. This is a more artistic experience then a video game. If you enjoy games where you walk around and enjoy the environment with little reaction (like LSD simulator for example) then you'll get a kick out of this game."
76561198029124774,Recommended,303210,18283111,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DonPalumbo,"A game that makes you think about creation, how the human mind goes about it, and what it means.Vague enough to make you wonder what exactly to think about, yet specific enough to give you a tangible story to process.An accidental masterpiece. Worth every cent for the experience."
,Recommended,303210,18283112,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,crazybotan,Now I suddenly have to go. And got a lot of stuff to do.
,Recommended,303210,18283135,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Goraborous,One of the most important games to come out...ever.
76561198061182769,Recommended,303210,18283207,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,solothreedog,This game...Its...amazing...
,Recommended,303210,18283230,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hopsin,This game was great. So unique. I highely recommend it.
,Recommended,303210,18283283,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bear of Black,Deep.
,Recommended,303210,18283336,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,water2770,"This is a game you play once or twice and then probably wont touch for awhile. That said it has been worth every cent that I paid for. I won't say much since this is a very narrative game, but it's worth the cost."
76561198093118829,Recommended,303210,18283348,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,memoriesinprint,"Play Stanley Parable,Buy The Beginners GuidePlay The Beginners Guide.Finish The Beginners Guide.Sit in shower and stare silently for a long while.Recommend Game."
,Recommended,303210,18283363,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tyto Alba,The best thing i've ever spent money on.
,Recommended,303210,18283440,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nyer,Everyone is bonkers.
76561198031785824,Recommended,303210,18283537,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Wibob,"This is my first review on any game so please bare with me.  This game is slightly odd but interesting.  It is definitely worth the $10.  The feeling this game gives you at the end is odd.  You are slightly confused but at the same time feel like you are missing something.  It is almost like this game is a science experiment desined to bring out a human emotion that is foreign or perhaps all of them in one game.  Is is sadness, compassion, grief, anger, loneliness?   It is very hard to explain the games effect, the only thing i can say is buy it and see for yourself."
76561198070335034,Recommended,303210,18283569,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DerSpookyChickenKaiser,I came for the humour of stanley. I got something that truly touched me. An absolutley beautiful expierience. It changed my perpective on game design and by the end I was left absolutley speachless.
,Recommended,303210,18283570,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SonOfHD,"The first game in a really long time to actually make me identfy with the ""characters"" and bring up some intense emotions and relatibility. not much in the way of gameplay so to speak ( i mean what can you expect from one of the createres of The Stanly Parable) but the story in this game makes it totally worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,18283590,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ベーコン,"This is one of the most beautifully sad things I've ever experienced. I don't know how much of this game was true and how much of it was fabricated, but anything fabricated about it just makes me more in awe at its genius. It rings true for me on such a deep level that I actually don't even know what to do with myself, now.This game is high art. Expressive and impactful in ways nothing has been to me in years.Please play it. Please."
,Recommended,303210,18283646,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Book Wyrm,"The Beginner's Guide delivers a storydriven experience that only works as a game, and it does it really well. Since it doesn't have any real mechanics that could be objectively critiqued i'll just say that i subjectively REALLY enjoyed it."
76561198131931953,Recommended,303210,18505929,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MaybeKalie,This is one of the best games I've played in awhile..
,Recommended,303210,18512053,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Torrefaction,"It's been years since a piece of art so fundamentally affected me as this has. It's about our loneliness and need to create. It's about how viewing a piece of art changes it miles from what the creator had intended. How we project our flaws and insecurities on the people around us, and hurt the people closest to us trying to fix the problems we see in them. It's about how creation for someone other than yourself can destroy the joy that creation of something brings. On what it means to be human and seeking connection.About how we see other people as having achieved some perfection we have not, some ""wholeness"", and not realizing that they have their own struggles, their own fears, their own unfulfilled dreams....It was so deeply human, so deeply personal, and it was the reflection of the creation from my own personal insecurities, hopes, and my dreams that it's impossible to really describe.I have no problem saying I was brought close to tears a number of times. There was no ""story"" in the classical sense. There was no ending. There was the experience of trying to understand someone, and then realizing you may have had no idea who they were.I can't describe what the game was...it's impossible...and it would probably mean something different to you. But, seriously, you need to experience this."
76561198096088711,Recommended,303210,18525330,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ThunderFucker,Very different and origional gameemotional and thought proviking
,Recommended,303210,18528069,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,sourgummies,Really interesting game. Makes you feel the feels.10/10 would play and cry again.
,Recommended,303210,18528364,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Falch,"This game made me feel like I shouldn't be playing it.Don't wanna say too much about this.This experience is truly amazing.WARNING:This game is a story and hasn't a lot of gameplay.If you don't like that, you might as well go away."
,Not Recommended,303210,18526299,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kel,Not a game. Just a developer who seems to be in love with his friends garbage work. I love The Stanley Parable. This is not that! This is just a bunch of horrible alphas with some nonsensical artsy fartsy explanations. Throwing a bunch of alpha games into one doesn't make it a full game. Refunded.
76561198205701863,Not Recommended,303210,18529340,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Aprt123,"If you expect a game like Stanley Parable, DO NOT get this game. It isn't even a game, you just follow a story."
,Recommended,303210,18529539,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Aamelron,"If you are looking for a game, don't buy this.  If you want an interactive movie experience that last roughly an hour and a half that makes you think about it for a bit after you've put it down, then maybe give this a shot.Without spoiling to much, it's a story about a person who shows you his friend's collection of games and what this person interprets them to be saying."
76561198059302029,Not Recommended,303210,18530051,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Rick,Waste of time.
,Recommended,303210,18487901,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,rlangewi,"Very unique experience, I really recommend it especially to game developers, or really anyone who has a creative passion. It is more like buying a movie than buying a game as far as replay value goes, but at $10 it is hardly a barrier to entry for such an interesting interactive experience. If at all possible, play with little to no knowledge of what the game is like!"
,Recommended,303210,18501703,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,copy,This game gave me goosebumps.
76561198033780876,Recommended,303210,18498538,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,I TheRyno I,This is not a game you play it's a game you experience. You have to experience it.
,Recommended,303210,18503181,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Avian,This strongly reminds me of Pink Floyd's The Wall. And that's the biggest compliment I can give to a work of art.
,Recommended,303210,18499718,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Katch A Taco,"TBG is a really beautiful game, and especially relatable to me. I've been making 'games' like Coda about once a year or so for about 4 years. The entire story of Coda reflects myself, my depression, and my lack of creative energy to keep creating games.I've always felt the same way as Davey thought Coda felt. I started making games to impress a girl. My first crush, actually. Ever since then, I've wanted to join a game company. But that desire has tapered off over time, and I don't know if I want to anymore. I kept making games because of a feeling of obligation, like I should make them for other people. Or only make things that people might like.I never made anything for myself. I felt as though I needed to make things in order to improve my skill so that one day I could be a video game developer.It was a horrible experience. I once thought about ending my life because I was feeling so mentally exhausted.And the games were never good enough. I always thought they were ugly, or boring. But I never showed them to anyone anyway, so I could never actually know if they were bad.I still make games sometimes, but not very often these days.Overall, this is the most relatable game I've played in my life, and it made me think about a lot of things.It's definetely worth the money."
76561197971113162,Recommended,303210,18504171,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Silver Hawkins,This game is a work of art. To say any more would spoil it. It is something that must be experienced.
76561198064761593,Recommended,303210,18504261,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Harry,"I didnt know what I was getting myself into with this game, and I feel that if I say anything I will ruin it for others. That's why im just going to say 10 out of 10."
76561198008692011,Recommended,303210,18488671,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,klarkfromthedark,"This game is an absolute work of art - about the artwork that is games. And psychology. My two professional domains.Endless gratitude, I feel."
,Recommended,303210,18489294,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,nephroditus,"Just like Davey Wreden's former gem, The Stanley Parable, this game has freaked me out, and at the same time, entertained me a lot. Unquestionably, this is art. So even if I'd like to, I won't recommend this for just anyone. But I urge you to give it a chance, because, believe me, you don't want to miss out on this one. This is genius."
,Recommended,303210,18494025,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,El Jefe,Like dancing about architecture.
76561197974593634,Recommended,303210,18494441,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Wally,"Although this 'game' is abstract and on the surface, quite pointless, it yet remains an emotionally powerful journey that ends up feeling like one of the most important titles in exsistence."
,Recommended,303210,18493023,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Jenesis,This game really touched me in its final thoughts.Such a good game!
,Recommended,303210,18493649,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Project Zeta,"Stop reading this and go experience this game, that word gets thrown around alot but this is genuine heartfelt time to use it. Take an hour (or two) out of your day and just sit there with this."
,Recommended,303210,18495932,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,ryanemzed,"I really want to say as little as possible while still communicating why this is so great, and I don't know how well I can do that to be honest.If you played the Stanley Parable, or if you're into sort of abstract introspective deconstruction, you will love this game. Also, you have decidedly specific tastes.It is truly a marvel, and really sucks you into a setting, a scenario, a set of feelings, and all of the pieces of the game come together and really take you on this emotional journey.And if you've found my review in the list of reviews people are spilling out, you're already doing yourself a disservice: the less you go into this game expecting, the more you'll take away from it I think. Be present, and be open."
,Recommended,303210,18496082,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,KenReels,"I will not spoil this. If you are a gamer, game designer, or any combonation of the two. PLAY THIS GAME. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18494686,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,fuzzygenius,"This is by far the most powerful game I've ever played.  It is difficult to say much about this without spoiling it, but it is quite a ride, especially at the end.  I would describe this as much more cerebral than the Stanley Parable, with many ways to get trapped within one bit of meaning or another.  If you want to play a game and have it touch you, move you, and make you think about creativity and how much you know a person, play this game.  In any case, this is possibly the best $10 I've ever spent."
76561198096393796,Recommended,303210,18494721,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,nichalas_123,"A game like no other, at the end i only have more then i started with. You may as well at the end."
,Not Recommended,303210,18494808,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zuzoa,"Not a fun game, not a good story."
,Recommended,303210,18494906,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Kuromo,10/10 would get stabbed in the heart and be violated again
,Recommended,303210,18495052,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Zumoro,"This game has a fascinating concept and interesting story, and seems to evoke a wide range of emotions and reactions from anyone who plays it; which makes it all the more unique.Personally, it ticked me off, royally."
,Recommended,303210,18495304,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,whispershrimps,"Feels really personal in a way that's kind of frightening. If that sounds like something you'd have trouble dealing with, avoid it. Otherwise I recommend it, especially if you've ever felt frustrated with other people trying to rationalize your thoughts and actions in ways that don't make sense to you/you're uncomfortable with."
,Recommended,303210,18491540,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,raven1323,"I'll just say this: To me, this game seems like one of those books that means different things depending on the age you read it at. It's all and nothing a story can tell you/let you to believe, within some limits. i think it helps to looks at it with a ""maker's"" perspective every now and then..."
76561197984397805,Recommended,303210,18490335,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,MelloYelloCello,I really enjoyed this - I think anyone involved in a creative pursuit can relate to this. Very well done.
76561198220519669,Recommended,303210,18497213,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,EndarkCuli,"Having just played this in its entirety, I feel...confused.  And I think that's a good thing.  I walked in wondering if it's truly possible to connect with a person through their private works, and walked out realizing that life's far too complex for any one thing to be a clear indication of another person's mindset.  I can't even state with certainty if the narrative is indeed based on real events, or if it's actually an interactive metaphor for the creative process!  In the end, it was an experience that I thought was very artistic, though fans expecting more of The Stanley Parable's clever wit might find this item to be a tad too dramatic and/or pretentious for their tastes."
76561197999429038,Recommended,303210,18498556,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Shige,"Intimate, uncomfortable, captivating, doleful. A look into the friendship between a game designer and the narrator and their weaknesses that define them and ultimately control their relationsip that is formed and destroyed over the games that captivated them both.I can honestly say that this game has made an impact on me, multiple sections of it strongly resonated with me and I will not be forgetting this experience anytime soon."
,Recommended,303210,18433140,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Insulting,"Are you proud of yourself Davey? Are  you now?The fact you're charging for this is probably the most ironic move you could've ever done about this, really."
,Recommended,303210,18514245,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,='(
,Recommended,303210,18516677,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MEGAJIMZ,"Briliant game! Probably the second time a video game has touched me, I would recomend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,303210,18515185,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,spooky,"Avery personal game. Made me think i was in the middle of a conflict. Yet, i can`t seem to appreciate it as i should, and i don't recommend this to anyone.edit: I changed my mind after some time digesting this experience and i wish it to everyone who appreciates someone else's work."
,Recommended,303210,18515680,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mike O'Jackson,
,Recommended,303210,18513135,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,S E N T I E N T D O N U T (❍ᴥ❍ʋ),The Beginner's Guide... is you.That is all10/10
,Recommended,303210,19624164,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,portalplacer,This game is deep.No questions is needed to be asked.
76561197973223748,Recommended,303210,19625838,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JarJarRod,"If you've read anything about this game, the writer has probably mentioned that they can't talk about it. They're right. But keep an open mind, and do yourself a favour. Play The Beginner's Guide."
76561198037872556,Recommended,303210,19603003,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DoctorPC,It is unlike the Stanley Parable in that it has a very defined ending. It is very much like the Stanlye Parable in that the game starts itself again once you reach it - but this time not on your computer.
,Recommended,303210,19596935,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TBrokenBones,Got this on a Steam sale and my god the feels you will have experiencing it are beyond description. Would highly recommend!
76561198025808998,Recommended,303210,19596699,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,carlychristen,"This game was not at all what I was expecting. Not even close. It was bizarre and different and I totally get why a lot of people hated it. I LOVED it. I've never been moved like that by a game before. It was an experience. My words are failing me right now. Just, I loved it, that is all."
,Recommended,303210,19594997,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Quadrabyte,"This game invokes feels that honestly I did not even know I had. It made me sad, happy, and just generally in awe of Coda's work and I wish the best to him and Davey I wish you the best too. On a lighter note this game is amazing with an incredible story and beautiful levels and thought invoking levels."
,Recommended,303210,19790608,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LIZERRD,I don't know what to say. i don't...
76561198110569659,Recommended,303210,19789125,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Trekts,As soon as he said the engine was source I started bhopping.
76561198100971331,Recommended,303210,19793126,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,unhommebinsoft,Awesome narrative game giving a shocking entertainement. Amazing :'(
,Recommended,303210,18782139,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,AndreiaV,"Oh my. I can't even put into words what I'm feeling right now.Mind-blowing.I'm not going to talk about what the game is about because I wouldn't want to ruin it for someone, since that's what makes this game a masterpiece.I bet there's already a lot of people expressing aggressively their opinions and if you ""didn't get it"" then I'm sorry you didn't get to experience this mind-blowing hour and a half.This is the type of game that makes conversations for days. There's so much content to discuss about. And then again, it shouldn't be discussed. We should let it be what it is for us.I'm sure The Begginer's Guide can only be an individual exploration of our own struggles and I'm so glad I played this. I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing glad."
76561198069804682,Recommended,303210,19796421,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ganon Train,I've never experienced anything like this in a video game. All you need to know is that you need to buy it
,Recommended,303210,19788303,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tooby,Worth a play - deffinitly!It doesnt live up to the hype however.
,Recommended,303210,19790063,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Moist Oyster,This collection of games was amazing. After playing the game there is a deep message that the narrator shars with you and thats why i love playing this collection
,Recommended,303210,19762823,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Abstract Hero,"The Beginner's Guide is a lot of things and I may get flak for saying it, but, I wouldn't call it a game. That's not necessarily a bad thing.I keep trying to type out what I can say about it and honestly I can't so I'll tell you what it is in the most basic way I can.This game is an experience where you follow Davey's monologue as he walks you through his friend Coda's game design portfolio, trying to decipher Coda's choices, emotions, and outlook. It's not funny and quirky like The Stanley Parable and it contains no choices or mechanics making it more akin to a walking simulator/movie than a videogame, think Dear Esther.What it comes down to is that I recommend it. I thought it was brilliant, charming, sad, and heartwarming all at once and while it contains no replay value I might actually do it again, just as you rarely watch a good movie once."
,Recommended,303210,19786623,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,KessOrangesoda,A superb example of how to be inventive in telling a story.
,Recommended,303210,19810679,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Equilibrium,"It's a great ""game"" if you can call it that. It fits into the same category as games of which the first playthrough is so emotional and interesting, it moves you. I just finished my playthrough and I can't really describe how I'm feeling right now. Just play it and I'm sure you'll understand."
76561198084069293,Recommended,303210,19799153,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SummerAshe,"The Beginner's Guide is an experience. By the time I had finished, I had laughed, I had cried, and I had questioned the sanity of the developer and myself. This game is a game that should not be taken lightly and its meaning should be explored with patience. However, it is a game that I believe everyone should experience for themselves. If you have not played The Beginner's Guide, then I recommend that you do."
,Recommended,303210,19797874,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,❄️TheSnowedOne,The first game that played me as much as I played it.   I cried; I was angy - I found it at times too much to bear.   In the end though; I grew as a person.Thank you.
76561198074781469,Recommended,303210,19807637,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ragingdonut,"I must say, this game is sadly short. But, this game also delivers its message in a manner that uses gameplay as a narrative device. This is not a virtual novel, this is a Story Game. I look forward to more games like this."
76561198260359024,Recommended,303210,19542670,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,leechris4,"This game is not like any i have played. it is not a game, but a message. It has left me on a note so off beat i cant even tell how i feel about the ending, all i know is the game is... deep, over-analyzed, and well intended. those last two factors have the potential to be highly overlooked.This is the greatest apology ive ever seen..."
,Not Recommended,303210,19554417,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Morphback,"Just played through this. Not impressed at all to be honest. A philosophical journey exploring the highs and lows of creativity.The problem is that the 'game' elements were utterly superfluous and not required at all to tell the story. By this I mean there was no point in allowing the player any control at all - I would have gained the same insight by watching the game be played.Choices when presented made no difference whatsoever, I got the strong feeling soon into the game that I was being led by the nose through a very linear narrative.I could have gained as much as this game gave me by reading an article. Shame really as I wanted to enjoy it."
,Recommended,303210,18350906,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ashildebrandt,"This game reached into my guts and grabbed on to something extremely personal, then squeezed as hard as it could.Thanks, Davey."
76561198003345288,Recommended,303210,19575003,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Artoink,"Really interesting.  More of a narrative than a game.  If you liked The Stanley Parable, then you would like this."
,Recommended,303210,19572048,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Anri Avalon,An interesting way to tell a story. I wasn't compelled by this story in particular but it's still worth trying out if you want to see how this sort of thing could work.
76561198051666839,Recommended,303210,19668940,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,The Boogeyman,"This game is truly something else. The story really grabs you and makes you question what you think about yourself and how you relate to others.I have struggled with Validation all my life, and playing this game made me realize something about myself that I haven't been able to put into words. Is really a beautiful albeit short game. To the creator if you read this, please continue making these games and thank you so much."
,Recommended,303210,19662950,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ashif,Best money spent on video games. Simply.
,Recommended,303210,19663025,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Xenocontendi,I really had to think about this. This game has one of the greatest plot twists ever. Just WOW.And I really loved the idea with the notes. Would love a real game like that.
,Recommended,303210,19544567,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ShyFox.rar,"This game is sad and reminds me of some stuff i've been thourgh and realy is a heart sinker. I do recommand it to the storng and willing, its a game you will play complely in one go."
76561198137902025,Recommended,303210,30644574,Posted: 20 March,all,☭Zishere☭,"the beginner's guide is not for everyone. the game tells the story of dave. that is. the fake video game version of dave who worked on the stanley parable. and in the beginner's guide dave looks at works from a friend named coda. the game has  a feeling of telling the player that the video game version of dave. aka critics and reviewers are bad, while coda. the developer. is the main reason dave released his work. cause he thought coda was having emotional issues even though that was not the case. I think the beginner's guide is a message to developers to keep their meanings in games noticeable but not confusing. and is a message to reviewers and critics that you should not and try and boil someone down to a game they made for people to enjoy. for the only one you'll end up confusing is yourself."
,Recommended,303210,19744141,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ExplosiveFridge,whahughugurghhhhhmhnnnnfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffolkd
,Recommended,303210,19714596,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,JoshDrok,habe u seen a c0da pls?10/10 would habe this games possi again
76561198116617627,Recommended,303210,19708050,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Duranakin,"EA, learn from Coda."
,Recommended,303210,19707466,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Marker 07,"As a narrative driven game, I would say this game is fantastic. It's written by the same person who created Stanley Parable and you have the same type of overarching narrator (different voice actor though) explaining what's going on as you progress through the world. The game can be finished in about 90 minutes or so, so it's not that long, but it is an interesting guide for beginners."
,Recommended,303210,19644847,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,sage,good. its a good game.
,Recommended,303210,19537001,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TheMemonator,"Wow, just wow, this game was a very diferent expirience, it wasnt a ""fun"" game, but it was really good, during the game i started to feel sadder and sadder, and by the end i was completly in shock, one of the best games ive played in a long long time. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,303210,19645416,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,kazoo,It felt very personal and sincere. Great aesthetic as well.
,Recommended,303210,19724969,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Entrusted One,"This is more of an experience than a game.  After playing this ""game"", it has caused a lot of thought to happen, reflection on my own personal life and being.  The whole thing really makes you think and there isn't really much I can say without spoiling anything so if you like ""games"" that can touch you on a deeper level rather than just entertain you, I suggest you try this one out."
,Recommended,303210,19639402,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pykii_,"This game, is not a game to an extent. This is a work of art. This is a game which makes you question what a game is. This is a story, it's a message, it's a metaphor. It's  a masterpiece. Never before has a game created such an immediate impact on me. This game is not a game. I have questioned what the true feeling of happiness is due to the experience that I've had. This game is not a game. The very nature of this piece is to display the raw feeling of the development of not only games, but personality and emotion. This game is not a game. This game is a masterpiece, which every person who wants to learn about human emotion, feeling, or game design, should play. This game is not a game. This game encapsulates the very soul of depression in the most effective way I have ever experienced. You need to understand that depression and 'writer's block' is different between everyone, and that this piece is the most powerful way you can comprehend that. This is art. This is a game. This is a masterpiece. This is not art. This is not a game. This is a prison.10/10. ""A perfect game. A refreshing change of pace from anything you've ever played. Not a game. A masterpiece""."
76561198091747337,Recommended,303210,19641129,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Magic Miller,"Not a game a such, it's more like a playable documentary or an interactive essay about games.  If I say too much, I'll spoil it.  Just know that I loved this and I'm sure you'll love it too.  GAMES ARE AMAZING XX"
,Recommended,303210,19641215,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Davda,"To be honest there is not much I can add to some of the reviews out there. I loved it and would buy it again. I dont know if you will feel the same. Its a special game and if you are expecting something that it is not or if it doesnt speak to you then you might feel cheated for the price. I will tell friends to buy it. But only those friends that I know will appreciate it. So I guess my recommendation is ""buy"" but its definitly not for everyone.Im not going to actually talk about the game content or the question of whether this can be considered a game at all. It is for me and even if its not, its still an interactive piece of art."
76561198055766705,Recommended,303210,18323918,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,chaotic.calm,This game made me feel...I'm not sure exactly what it made me feel yet...but it made me feel.Recommended!
,Recommended,303210,18323956,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JDizzlington,"The Beginner's Guide is one of the more interesting gaming experiences I've had this year. The game is narrated by it's developer Davey Wreden and tells the story of one of his friends who used to make small games. The game is essentially you playing though these games with Davey's commentary analysing what he thinks the games mean, and you're encouraged to give it some thought yourself.To say any more about the game is to spoil it, and this is a game to play unspoiled. It's not going to be for everyone - especially with the overwhelming success of The Stanley Parable, people might come into The Beginner's Guide expecting more of the same, and they could be disappointed. However, if you go into the Beginner's Guide knowing what it is then I think you'll enjoy the experience. At its core, The Beginner's Guide is a short, interactive, emotional story told through video games that you can and should play in one sitting that will leave you thinking once the final game has been completed. If that sounds like something you'd enjoy, then The Beginner's Guide is for you."
,Recommended,303210,18324113,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Danpelgar,"I understand that this game is not for everyone but as game developer I really enjoyed it. Even if some people would not understand it or have a ""good time"" with it, just the experience of playing it is something I recommend."
76561198025138450,Recommended,303210,18324150,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,finefin,The Beginner's Guide is a psychological promethean tale about the monsters you create and the friendships you destroy just by trying to be the human you want to be.
,Recommended,303210,18324190,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Словестный эквилибрист,Simply awesome.
,Recommended,303210,18324296,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Alberto o astrofísico,"Deeper then the Marianas Trench, strongly recommend."
,Recommended,303210,18324419,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,fetzu,"I'd hit that.Yeah, low humour is my emotional defense mechanism. In all seriousness, just play this."
76561198086825228,Recommended,303210,18320395,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,shahamaster,Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,18323029,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MannyPacMeow,The best thing you can do for yourself is to experience The Beginner's Guide.
76561198018556525,Recommended,303210,18323147,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,momohaha,"The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand. 10/10"
76561198049183091,Recommended,303210,18323218,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CanisLupus4285,"I don't know how to review this game without giving too much away.This game simultaneously has no fourth wall and tells the most immersive, real story I've ever seen in a game. I had to tell my self several times that it was, in fact, fiction.Is that enough?"
76561198074751932,Recommended,303210,18323240,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,multicam89,"Absoloutly Amazing!People going into this expecting another comedic narative game like The Stanley Parable it may fall short of your expectations, as it takes you on a completely different journey.I would call it a interactive documentry, rather than an outright game, with incredible writting that keeps you glued to the screen even though there may not be much happening on the screen at the time.This story starts and you wonder where this will take you and then piece by piece it deals with things that alot of people go through and ends in such a way that it will leave you with one big question, and that question wont be 'What the hell did i just play?'10/10 with ease!!"
,Recommended,303210,18323394,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lozza,Didn't plan to cry. Cried.10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,303210,18323676,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,trashslut,"As to be expected considering the developer, the game is largely walking; but that's besides the point. There's so many things to be said about it so I'll keep it short and sweet. This may be a tale of caution, it may be about unreliable narration, it may be about game design, it may be about all of these things and none of them.A masterful blend of narrative tricks, very well thought out pacing, sincerity, and simplistic yet mesmerizing visuals that draw one in to an, initially, simple story that very well may leave you feeling like you've been betrayed and manipulated in the best of ways.The goal of art at base is to evoke emotion in the viewer; undoubtedly this is elevated to the level of art."
,Recommended,303210,18342071,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,malkavjan,No other piece of media made me feel so many feelings at the same time like this game.
76561198081311391,Recommended,303210,18286033,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,A Seabear,"I played the Stanley Parable, and this game will make you think harder. I bought the game because The Stanley Parable was very different, creative, and it felt like the dev wanted to interact with me almost personally. Same can be applied to this game, but also more. Don't read about the game, don't watch a walk through or synopsis, for this game to mean something, you must play it. It's worth the money, one way or another."
,Recommended,303210,18286053,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cakeisgood,"I don't think I've ever experienced a game that felt so profoundly...human. There is nothing conventional in this, and game may be the entirely wrong term. ""Interactive documentary"" is much more apt.I just finished, and I am so torn up inside that I can't think of the words that do the experience justice. You won't have ""fun,"" but if you embrace what Davey is saying, you'll learn more about yourself than you'd have thought possible when you step into the game.Thank you Davey. Sincerely. I'm going to share this with people in my life."
76561198046188844,Recommended,303210,18286072,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,LEDROC [True GentleSir],"Very excellent piece of work but not what you would expect.This is not a second Stanley Parable.If you think this is going to be another game like that, you are half right. You will only experience that for the first few moments. But it still resembles some things you may have experienced in the Stanley Parable. This game reflects more on the story about the creator of the Stanley Parable and his friends, thoughts, and possible inspiration for game making. This game is more of an walk through story, about not the mechanics and designs of making a game, but about thoughts and feelings between people in one's game making course. The story that you play through will turn in a way you may not be expecting but gives you an insight on the creator. Very well put together and it makes you think about why it was put together.But none the less, it is a swell game. The only disapointment in it was that I was very excited and anticipating what could be called ""a second Stanley Parable"", after hearing rumors of such that the creator would be using unused content from that game in this one. The Game can be completed in one sitting and is made to fancy any artists or creators. It is built in the same way as the Stanley Parable, except more linear, and can be enjoyed as such."
76561198096045006,Recommended,303210,18285802,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Leafeix,"This game, if i should even call it a game, was an amazing experience that puts things in your own life into perspective and really makes you think about how this all reflects on you and the people mentioned in this game. It makes you sad at parts and even made some of the other reviewers burst into tears which is a positive reflection on this game. I strongly recommend this game to everyone and anyone. Good Job Davey."
,Recommended,303210,18286108,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Necriptos,"Not really a ""game"" but it made me feel really weird, so even if short it's worth the price."
76561198027373979,Recommended,303210,18286210,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,KingSageLobu,"just play it, nothing else needs to be said."
,Recommended,303210,18286214,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,KAPT KoneKruncher47,This is art; this is ♥♥♥♥ING art.If you're interested in art; then buy this game.If you're just looking to put a couple hours in; then buy this game.If you're just a normal gamer; then buy this game.If you don't give a ♥♥♥♥; then buy this game.I cannot find words to describe the beauty of this game.Perfect/10
76561198027879261,Recommended,303210,18286226,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,INK,Highly recommended
,Recommended,303210,18286232,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,FUCK.,"This game is fundimentally beautiful, and poetic games i have ever played high recommended.Have something near by when you playTrust me"
,Recommended,303210,18286235,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RoxasBlade,"Just played this all the way through without stopping. I could write another vague review like the ones rated most 'Helpful' on here, but I won't. (Just read those) Honestly there's no way to write a review of this that won't take a bit of enjoyment away from playing it yourself.Just play it without expectations. Be prepared to have some feelings. And lots of thinking.so10/10would clean house again"
,Recommended,303210,18286266,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Grits,Beautiful.
,Recommended,303210,18286281,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ZoomZoom0,"Words, Words can not describe the rollar coaster you are about to go on. Don't look at the trailer of this video game! just buy it! It is about 90 mins long but every minute you will be on the edge of your seat, either with curiousity or in tears. Just buy it!"
76561198130823711,Recommended,303210,18286418,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ethannex1,"Amazing and Emotional MasterPiece, im currently a Freshman in HighSchool, im taking Game Design 1 and suffer from Social Anxiety, i fell so good when im around games or making them, this Game was amazing and i think i learned much for game design and much for my life, id defenitly recommend this for the cheap $7.99 that it currently is"
,Recommended,303210,18286512,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,brandonallickson,"Thought provoking in the beginning, finished by opening the blinders to what was really going on from both sides and (at least for me) tears at your soul when you realize what losing Koda meant to his life."
,Recommended,303210,18286533,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Moose,Left me psychologically damaged and emotionally scarred. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,18286423,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,CitizenPhnix,10/10 No spoilers. Play this game.
,Recommended,303210,18286556,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SALTYJACK,Deeply affecting. Go play it.
76561198066288680,Recommended,303210,18286564,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Junkysam,This game is a soul crushing experience.
76561198156614304,Recommended,303210,18286568,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kenkurdev,"IIliterally feel broken right nowa man shattered at the foot of his desk,justwow10/10"
76561198011703747,Recommended,303210,18286581,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zachtly,"Like dozens of other have said, don't read, watch, and look into anything about the game. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18286621,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ZAToM,"ah, hahahahahaha.i dont wanna spoil anythingbut its great!"
76561197970704149,Recommended,303210,18294427,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zippert,This is more of an interactive story than a game. A beautiful and philosophical game.
76561198134630560,Recommended,303210,18294494,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,JeshinDeOmniprescent,"The description specifies that this game is only an hour and a half, so I thought this game was too expensive for such short gameplay. It was on special and I got it anyway because i loved the Stanley Parable so much.Right now I'm alone at the computer, It's 2am, and I'm crying.It may not be for everyone, but I am glad that I played this."
76561198019424810,Recommended,303210,18294495,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Doubleclick,"On LauraKBuzz's advice, I avoided all spoilers, reviews and information (aside from knowing who created this, and that it's only 60-90 minutes long). I'm glad I did. It will be interesting to see how this affects its audience as designers and as people. It's a games-as-art piecen and you already know if you like this kind of thing or not.If anyone's ever bought you a book and you felt when reading it that the giver wanted to communicate something with you via the contents of those pages - maybe about you, about them, or about you both - The Beginner's Guide is one of those in game form, except you bought it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18286536,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tricuul,"I felt like this game is more of an interactive documentary than a game, but that makes it no less interesting or powerful.The tone of it reminds me a lot of an art film from Canada:http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/ryan/I appreciated the conflict and struggle that is expressed here in our attempt to understand someone else's work without realizing how much of ourselves we bring in to the conversation.It is a common theme in anthropology that one never really leaves their home culture behind - objectivity loses its power and meaning when one discovers that, as accurate an understanding as we may have, and as verifiable we feel it may be, we still must confront the aftermath of acting on our conclusions. I don't know if it is fate or justice that makes it so, or if it matters. The game thoroughly explores the meaning of ""coming up short"" - in game form.A more indepth analysis (spoilers)It is more of an awkward love triangle between the author, his creative muse, and you the player.A lot of gamedev metra conversation revolves around whether the world crafter is in control of the game, whether the engine is in control of the game, or whether the person playing is in control of the game.I felt like this interactive drama personfied two of these concerns - the narrator voice (Davey), the game machine (Coda) and the player.All of the prison talk is a common metatheme in game design theory. Video games are social experiments (like it or not) and as their realism increases and tech evolves, they have deeper impact on our psyche.I was reading a few months ago that the brains of children who experience events through immersive VR store those experiences as if they were real events - in other words, the physiological lines between reality and virtual reality are getting blurred (not just the psychological) and the entire scope of VR gaming is going to really challenge the idea of the gaming experience being the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the dev, the engine and the player.The thing is, does this relationship act like a prison driven by obsession?I felt like Davey became obsessed with Coda, while Coda was obsessed with the engine.Was it the gaming engine, or the creative muse that Coda was fascinated by?What happens when the engine - the technology - is present, but the muse - the engine inspiring creative choice - disappears? What difference does the best technology in the world make if one is overcome with apathy? The developer is not stifled by the engine not working - he is bored by how predictably the engine works. The engine cannot be the muse forever - something else has to inspire creativity.The twist was interesting, however. Sometimes creative people who long for the muse paradoxically get annoyed with its presence once it arrives. They are happy when the muse allows them to give expression to an idea through something familiar - but if the muse demands more creativity - asks for something new and unfamiliar - a dev can grow uncomfortable and withdrawal and paralysis can result."
,Recommended,303210,20134945,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rocco's Modern League,Thought-provoking.
,Recommended,303210,20134196,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Martin de la Soodoo,"The Beginner's Guide is perhaps one of the most incredible experiences I've ever had.It is important to note that calling the Beginner's Guide a ""game"" isn't accurate, nor respectful. If you want fun, this is the wrong thing to come to. It is art. And not necissarily beautiful either. It's terrifying. Not something jumping out at you, but more a massive delve into the psyche of the player, reaching their insecurities and exposing them.It was touching, brilliant, and well worth the price."
,Recommended,303210,20134706,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,happy,A game that makes you really think.
76561198153349552,Not Recommended,303210,20134721,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SilverHawk,"Should have been great, ending ruined it."
,Recommended,303210,20132229,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,En93,This is a game but not really. Its a story about games or a game that tells a story. It was one of those short sweet gaming experiences that you don't forget.
,Recommended,303210,20143254,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Josh_Kaos,Very interesting and thoughtfully done
,Recommended,303210,20143499,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PlaidManPDX,"I played this game and loved it. Wanted to share the experience, and discuss what it all ""means"". Shared the game with my partner of 12 years. We've been through everything together. Surely he would have some insights into the great mystery that is The Beginner's Guide. His response: He abandoned the game about 30 minutes in, right around the prison levels. His reason: ""I just want to feel like there's a point to what I'm doing in a game. It's not playable.""He wanted a playable game.Maybe I'll give him a lamp post for Christmas next year.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20146272,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Serafim,Beautiful game11/10
,Recommended,303210,20147125,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,hellfiremonty,"Utterly astounding.If this is the future of interactive literature, it can't get here fast enough."
,Recommended,303210,20145042,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DeputyRawDog,"Not bad. I wasn't blown away like i thought i would be though. But all in all, a nice and short story game. Try to catch it on sale."
,Recommended,303210,20111936,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CriticalAnalysing,"Very interesting game, it is worth every penny."
76561198079516951,Recommended,303210,20124002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lucheesy,Who is he?WHAT DOES THIS GAME MEAN?My mind is blown.Playing this game feels like looking at a piece of art and trying to understand.
76561198115570756,Recommended,303210,20127198,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bewts,"The game itself was about an hour and a half, but I've spent at least that much time thinking about it every day for a week. It is well worth picking up, even if you're not a Stanley Parable fan, it's highly introspective and thought provoking. I related with Coda so succinctly that I was literally saying ""Yes! Exactly"" out loud in an empty house.Loved it."
76561197978189572,Recommended,303210,20129245,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SoLiD_SnAkE^1,"Summary: Well Paced walking simulator with great storyFull: I orginally heard about this on a podcast called the podquisitionAfter half listening to it while doing house work, i didnt quiet understand what they were refering to and they mentioned it left them feeling sad after playing it. i decided to check it outThe game itself is not a AAA master piece but it is not trying to be that, its a simple walking simulator with excellent narration that drives you to keep playing until the end to get the full experience of this storyThe pacing of this story was great with it taking me around 80 minutes to complete from start to finish, a great thought provoking peice of graphical interation"
,Not Recommended,303210,20129418,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Duke_of_Jam,probably the wankiest game I've ever played.
76561198058854579,Recommended,303210,20129592,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,HALB3,"I didn't see it coming, whatever it was."
76561197971972173,Not Recommended,303210,20129802,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xeno,Awful waste of money. I'm requesting a refund. This isn't even worth £1.50
76561198070475322,Recommended,303210,20123246,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mandolin Man,Cried
,Recommended,303210,20116769,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,chloe,"The Beginner's Guide is unlike everything you've ever played. Its narrative touches on themes that are deeply personal and rarely shared between friends, nevermind between creator and consumer. The narrator's (and your own) analysis of game mechanics, mixed with analysis of human behaviour, produce an incredibly emotional and cerebral experience that leaves a lasting impression."
76561198009272154,Not Recommended,303210,20122316,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,silantdark,Have you ever looked at something that is not meant for you thinking it will be interesting...and it isn't?  That is this game
76561198049662992,Recommended,303210,18394223,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Danklin,DA BES GAME EVA!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,303210,18394330,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,KRPNG_DTH,It does a great job of making you think about the way you interact with people you “know”.I need to play it through again.
,Recommended,303210,18394332,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,sZXZ,Video of this game could be on some kind of film festival.But interaction makes it better.
,Recommended,303210,18394401,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SharoniPwni,"This made me feel guilty for reasons unknown to me. Still would recommend, again for reasons, largely unknown to me.  Honestly felt like a private look into the mind of a game developer. Bit voyeristic."
76561198218317752,Recommended,303210,18394602,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,FreneticDust,This is a very interesting game. I normally don't ever write reviews but for this game I'm making an exception. Another great game from Davey Wreden. I seriously recommend it it is worth the 9 dollars
,Recommended,303210,18353271,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Scondran,"It's hard to describe this uh... game without ruining the experience.  It is assureadly a story telling experience rather than a traditional game, so walk away if that's not your thing.  The whole thing raises some really interesting thoughts and ideas and left me feeling a little uneasy for the creator and for myself.  Which I think is exactly the point.I'll be thinking about this one for awhile."
76561198026153231,Recommended,303210,18355955,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Commander Artanis,"I'd really like to say anything about this ""game"". But actually I can't, I wouldn't know what to say, except that it's not really a game, it's more a interactive journey in someones personality.So if you enjoyed games like the Stanley Parable or dear Esther you should give it a try, it's worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18356205,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BinaryCPG,I...I dont know what to say.Wow.Just....Wow.
76561198103601029,Recommended,303210,18356650,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zap~,This game made me literally crying like twelve years old girl when her boyfriend left her.I'am hungry :/
,Recommended,303210,18356662,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CoMax,"Reminds me of the movie ""Frank"". If you liked this game you should watch it."
76561197990111853,Recommended,303210,18357118,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Goofy,"Despite no longer remembering his name, I feel it. I know it."
76561198052297197,Recommended,303210,18355177,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Krickington,"This game resonated deeply with me at certain points, made and makes me think. A lot.I won't tell you much more, but this: if you want and if you expect the jokes and comedy of ""The Stanley Parable"" you won't find that here. Still I think it's worth a buy for almost anyone."
76561198051506505,Recommended,303210,18355229,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,FiddIes,"If you disliked this game, you are a ""Raphael"".If you liked this game, you are a fan of the ""Narrator"".If you were confused like almost 84% of the people who played this game,then you are simply another ""Stanley"".In this game, you're pretty much Stanley inside an alternate universe with another narrator. Except it's something a bit more narrow and linear. Prepare yourself in this spiritual successor to Davey's work of The Stanley Parable.I cried in my sleep after playing this late at night. 8/8"
,Recommended,303210,18355435,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Breadbord,"Really deep, I won't spoil it but I think it is worth a buy."
,Recommended,303210,18355614,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Irve,"This game is not for everyone. Buy the game if you are comfortable with an hour and a half of content, thinking by yourself after the game and if you enjoy stuff which is more ""culture"" and less ""entertainment"".Also: buy this game if you are a game developer, since this game, I feel, works best for someone who has either made or tried to make one.That said it is well made for what it does in terms of pacing and story. Some of the latter voiceover felt slightly repetitive, but the memories from the game, after a few days are preciously sweet. Thanks, Davey.(My 12+ hours of the game are from me going to sleep while the game ran)"
76561198048948693,Recommended,303210,18357614,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,λλλ,A creative and fun game.
,Recommended,303210,18357894,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MK[SWISS],"This amazed me. Chills down the spine and the game is burned into my memory forever, that's for certain."
,Recommended,303210,18357976,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The King in Yellow,"I feel like there's something here. Something more then what is being said, showen and implied. It's probably worth another go through or two to see."
,Recommended,303210,18358010,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Wagical Adam. CSOFFER.ME,Great game. Took about an hour and a half to complete.Really deep storyline10/10Really good play.Would buy again
76561198016589184,Recommended,303210,18358207,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,bailodudley,10/10
,Recommended,303210,19942668,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Narokath (Alexander Engström),"Because English is not my native language I will have a hard time converting what I felt into words after playing this game.Simply put: it is brilliant! A work of art in my opinion. It is rare for me to play or experience anything like it and I'm happy I got the honor to play it!Many times during the game I really felt like I understood some aspects of the makers feelings and what he went through.If you want an action-, challenging- or a typical game, this is not for you.If you are an abstract thinker or love to analyze or think deeply on things, like myself, this game will definitely touch you.Me and SwediCandy made a Swedish dub cover of the 'Turn Back' song. Please have a listen:https://youtu.be/m1U08XPX3t0"
,Recommended,303210,20189309,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Existential Dread™,"I.. am speechless.This game that I've just finished... It's just...Usually games make me happy, even horror games since they seem like comedy. This game did not. I've played games from Undertale to The Stanley Parable, from StarCraft to League of Legends.  All these games have something in common. They're there for you to have fun. This one... It didn't. This one is like a tragic movie, but it's relatable. I can't say anything else since this might have already spoiled too much. Just play it without doing any research about it. It might change your perspective on lots of different games. Now if you'll excuse me, I must stare at a wall to come back to reality. Cheers"
,Recommended,303210,20208263,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[FancyJam] Steph,"Recommended experience for all game developers and non-developers alike. Quite pricey for the length of the game, but it was enjoyable,"
76561198068285669,Recommended,303210,20208270,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,thereddejester,This was hands down the most intense game experience I've ever had. 10/10 hands down. I don't think I'll ever be the same after this one. Everyone in life needs to play this game.
,Recommended,303210,20207795,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fano ★ Tastic,Just ♥♥♥♥ me up
76561198025146107,Recommended,303210,20207327,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Meerkatknight,"Still sitting here a bit stunned by what I just played. Maybe not played, playing impies joy, experienced. I'm still reeling and don't have a full grasp yet on what it was as a whole. It just sort of rips you from yourself and just surplants you into I'd supposed the role of the listener to this man's whole story. At the end I'm not sure what I feel but I think I'm better for it.Don't go into it thinking it'll be a fun ride like Stanley Parable though. It's very heavy and not for everyone. Those who simply don't like something because it was sad or don't get a lot of art shouldn't play this. But if you're ready to delve into very heavy and deep cutting waters this is the best thing you'll find of this year."
,Recommended,303210,20232619,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Scottish Alpaca,"I want to say a lot about this ""experience"" but I really can't put it into words except I feel very emotional and have never wanted to hate myself more for no reasonable explanation.Ok, I'll admit, that doesn't sell this game very well. Yet I couldn't of asked for a better feeling from this game. Even just writing this review makes me feel sick inside.It kind of makes you realise you will probably never fully understand anything (about anything), even when you've tried tirelessly, at least that's what I got out of this.I definitely recommend 10/10 for the experience and worth the short time invested."
,Recommended,303210,20230736,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Justice,"When I was purchasing this game, I did not really read through the reviews. Glad I didn't. Without knowing what to expect, I stepped in with a clear mind, took my time to listen to the narrator. With every chapter and every action made, I started to realize how much in common I had with the person the narrator is talking about. At some point things got too emotional, the message was too heavy to grasp. It's been some time since I've finished this game but the impression hadn't worn off.10/10, caused an emotional breakdown, would play again."
,Recommended,303210,20229252,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[ESC ↻] Hex,"Absolutely beatiful game. The story, the atmosphere, the narration. It's all amazing. I am so glad I got this game, and couldn't stress enough that you should get this game too.."
76561198120633417,Recommended,303210,20231771,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,howspeechless,"If you are looking for something different, this game shows a great new idea in deeper storytelling.Highly recommended."
76561198092769272,Recommended,303210,20232099,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tracker044,"This game is amazing, i was fully engaged for the entire duration of the game.Very easy to get emotionally invested in and easy to connect to the narrator and Coda.Though it is short it has an amazing story i and it has infinite replayabilityif i was a reviewer i would give it a10/10"
76561198046587791,Recommended,303210,20209783,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JurianChibo,"After this adventure, I am not sure if I am okay. This experience sure as hell is leaving a mark on my mind as a human being. I will not spoil the ''game'' for you, but it tells a heartbreaking story that is worth playing. Going through empty spaces and prisons, you slowly discover someone...or maybe you do not...The only way to know is to...play."
76561198058220700,Recommended,303210,20210459,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LePapaSmurf,If you're looking for that glimpse inside yourself and a heartfealt narrative experience. Get this game.I need some time alone now.
,Recommended,303210,20210823,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,emerson,I actually gasped out loud as the ending started to reveal itself.  Prior to that I hadn't even noticed that the... game?  story?  narrative?  had *completely*sucked*me*in*.10/10 would gasp again.
,Recommended,303210,20218050,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ndl,♥♥♥♥ing hell
,Recommended,303210,20224700,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Frouzz,sniff...Just...Just buy it...You wont regret it.....sniff...
,Recommended,303210,20223879,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Michaelum,This live is about what makes you feel human and this one does that. Worth it playing.
76561197970238953,Recommended,303210,20216757,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nick.rorschach,"The vast majority of reviews for The Beginners Guide will be functionally useless, you cant really discuss the game without spoiling some of it. Also, what you get out of it will vary from person to person. But this last point -  the fact that you can say this about a game and the fact that it's actually true, is reason enough to buy it. A truly wonderful game."
76561198088325362,Recommended,303210,20216931,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mad Medic,never experienced something like this.
76561197981400556,Recommended,303210,20217067,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JunkieVomit,I'm not going to go into big deep emotional details. I will however say that I've never hated skype notifications so much for ruining my immersion.
76561198142180658,Not Recommended,303210,18319771,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,gibalsandwich,"Arty, pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Ever wondered what it would be like to walk through a 90 minnute Extra Credits wetdream? Wonder no longer! I'm sure there are all manner of philosophical ""deep"" things I'm missing but personally I like games where I get to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up with a big ♥♥♥♥-off gun (at a push I'll settle for cutting♥♥♥♥♥♥up with a bad♥♥♥♥♥sword) so this had very little to keep me entertained. It is mercifully short, however, like I said about an hour and a half and a good 10 minutes of that I spent having a♥♥♥♥♥ At £6.99 even if you are a bit impartial to herbal tea, moisturizing soap and these kind of games you might be put off. I mean, you can rent Cyborg 3 - The Recycler for £2.49 at that lasts about as long and is a million times more fun.Having said all that, I guess its important these kinds of games can carry on being made - else no one would take risks and try to innovate. I'm sure this game has an audience somewhere it just isn't with me."
76561198055758683,Recommended,303210,18319781,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hooplah,"The Beginner's Guide, at least in my opinion, is a very philosphical game that really gets into the minds and emotions of the player. Although it has no normal objective like the average video game, it brings up several ideas through metaphorical games and unique narration that gives every person their own interpretation of the game. It is a great game if you want to think."
76561197994913354,Recommended,303210,18319853,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,NoDice1.3,"This is not what I expected.... which made it more compelling. A narrated documentry on a game creater who created games as a form of self expression, with no intention of sharing them with other people. He created his games for him, to explore an idea or thought.This collection is like abstract poetry, the meaning behind each isn't clear and isn't supposed to be as it was never intended for an audience.The documentry itself is an account of narrators experience with this game creator, and the dark turn it took in his attempt to be helpful.Poignant and moving, it touches on ethical dilemmas with good intentions."
,Recommended,303210,18319863,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Radutron,"It's walking simulator, but the creator has something to say while he walks you throught it. Just play it."
76561198111634817,Not Recommended,303210,18317818,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Franquaniquishabonquishaquiqui,"If you liked The Stanley Parable like I did and are expected something along the same line, do not buy this game. There is no opportunity for different play-throughs based on the choices you make. There is no choice to make at all in this game. You just aimlessly wonder around in the different ""games"" the narrator puts you through. If you're looking for the same kind of laughs you get playing The Stanley Parable, you are looking in the wrong place with this game; it is actually quite the opposite. I only got myself through it because I was hoping it would get better and I would get my 8 dollars worth. All in all, I was deeply disappointed."
76561198118954124,Recommended,303210,18317826,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,liamjoseph2,.....................................deepto deep(crys and never opens game agen)
76561197999733600,Recommended,303210,18317866,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Brewer,"This is not a game that can be quantified by 'what is was about'. The game was both a terrifying and exhilirating reflective stream of conciousness. All that can be said is that the game just 'was', and I feel better having played it."
,Recommended,303210,18317916,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ＤＵＫＩ　ＮＵＫＩ,"Everyone needs to play this game... It has a different meaning for everyone and is, in my opinion, the true essence of video games as art.  You don't need shiny graphics, intense gameplay, or even a long game.  This game had me in chills from the beginning to the very end.  Please everyone, play this game."
76561198066432272,Recommended,303210,18317968,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bongo,"Good atmosphere, and very different from new games today.If you liked the Stanley Parable, you might like this..not sure.."
76561198173073051,Not Recommended,303210,18317986,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,TriamNicolone,"An interesting attempt at cinematic story-telling, however comes short in terms of 3-d graphics, voice acting (non-acting), and emotionalism, making this game like watching a disjoint movie with no characters except a heavy-handed narrator."
,Recommended,303210,18318049,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ares,Wow!
,Recommended,303210,18318112,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,hcidivision17,"This games sets a tone that is... weird. Like, a lot of indie games attempt to be deep, but this one, it really sits you down and makes you stare at the wall a bit. And... well, you'll always wonder about the real motive for making you do that."
76561198044503616,Recommended,303210,18318155,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CaveatLudor,Provocative. Intriguing. Troubliing.
,Recommended,303210,18318251,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Honey and Venom,"When I realized that the narrator was sharing the game without the developer's consent, and how hurtful it was, I felt a visceral, tangable guilt that no game, movie, or other media has ever managed before.  This is an EXTREMELY emotionally resonant experience, start to finish.10 dollars is really pretty steep, it really is, I got it on sale, AND with money sitting around in my steam wallet, so I only felt the sting of $2 and feel I got a steal.  It's great, the price is high, watch for sales, sell some trading cards."
,Recommended,303210,18318346,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EA Origin,Heartbreaking and heartwarming all at once.
76561198152142558,Recommended,303210,18318577,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,assorted nuggets,"great game, shows what morality really means"
76561198002636882,Recommended,303210,18318609,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,AmericanAviator,You aren't right.
,Recommended,303210,18318628,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pwndeleon,This is the first game that has ever gotten me.  It's not a game in the traditional sense but I think it is a strong representation of how games can evoke emotion out of you and make you understand someone else through interactivity.  And only games are the only medium that can do this.  There are many reasons why you should experience this game but I think the biggest reason is to experience what it is like to think and feel like someone else.
76561198025472436,Recommended,303210,18318695,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,steveaguay,"Take 2 hours, play this game. Just give it a try words do not explain it."
,Recommended,303210,18318800,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,[V101] Zach Wilson,Exceptional and meaningful and deeply personal to anyone who has had a relationship based on a shared desire to create
,Recommended,303210,20201752,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Alex3,"This was really good, about 1.5 hours.  It comes off as a walking simulator but this definitely has ""something else"" that makes it a game to me.Just get it, yo.edit- and BY THE WAY, valve, why the hell doesn't everybody who played the stanley parable know about this game??  Day1 I should have gotten some sort of message telling me to look at it.  I'm annoyed it took a sale and luck for me to even know this exists.  Yet 'steam queues' only show me popular games I'd hate.  Get your act together!  >:|"
,Recommended,303210,20201850,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mithranor,"Drinking helps before, during, and after playing10/10"
,Not Recommended,303210,20201325,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sonicboom,Pretentious walking simulator.
,Recommended,303210,20201524,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,👌SEAR-II,"I very much enjoyed playing this game. Taking the narration at face value, it was quite an emotional ride. On an interpretive level it speaks to the facing, succumbing to and overcoming struggles in creative and technical fields. Set aside a few hours to play it - it's best to play it all in one go."
,Recommended,303210,20199535,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Raikyo,Play this game - and it will play with your feelings.Don't watch the trailer or screenshots. Just play it.  It's short but worth every penny. I'm still mind♥♥♥♥ed and I've shed a tear at the end. This is one of the games where you have to think about yourself while playing. I'm glad that I've played the game. 10/10.This is art.
76561198218689289,Recommended,303210,20199965,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hailey58881,I cried.
,Recommended,303210,20198089,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,0xD15EA5E,"I really can't properly describe this game. I guess this is that kind of games, which meaning changes based on your life experience. All I can say that it is worth your time and your money, and you should definitely buy it and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,20198154,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,anzeeudray,"This is not a game everyone will love. It's for a very particular audience; especially those who find validation and comfort in their own creating or in what others have created. That's the target audience, in my opinion, and even they may not enjoy the game. Even those who were fans of The Stanley Parable may not enjoy the game. Controls are straight forward, as in The Stanley Parable, it's the story that is the focus, similar to The Stanley Parable. Those who like the weird and bold narrative games might just add this to their list of favorites. Those who don't enjoy that are not likely to enjoy a story-driven game like this.**Mild spoilers ahead! If you want to go in knowing little to nothing, I wouldn't read**Gameplay is easy, it's the story that's a lil tough to swallow. Interpretations differ, but a lot would argue that it's a story about game developement, and without going into much detail, sharing your creations with others and the results it has. Vague, I know, but personally this game's main appeal is through the story and I'd hate to take away from it. I personally played right into the story, and was hit quite hard by the ending, or somewhat lack of one.That was like the least spoiler-y spoiler text, but, as vague as it was, the game really deserves to speak for itself. If you like story-driven games, I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,303210,20164262,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,claisolais,"For potential players: It is super different from the other games, you need to feel it--and for the most of the time: the feeling it's not very positive and healthy.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------For developer:Co--nah, HE, he might only want it to be shared with selective individuals, maybe because he knows that the games are unfinished (From some ""online"" notes) (Sometimes when I sharing my sketches, I dont want they to be shared to unwanted parties.).And the truth is, those games actually working better when you explaining them. --He might see you have made his works part of you.---------------------------IF HE EXIST. Or I should say if Coda as an individual exist. You kinda spoiled it with your trailer. (And lamppost contradiction, and last: charging for a fee? nice try.)IF he is you guys: GJ, you got me, but like you said: it's not very healthy.For CODA/whoever behind him:Don't let dark consume you, for that is too late for anyone to help.People like your games, remember it's your game, not THE GAME THEY LIKE. Dont change your game because they might not like it. (or you can change it back right after showing that you can)Talented one with twisted character often resulting something BAD. Change those thing your self or ask for help before too late: or it's your fault. (If everyone could understand each other, there wont be ""individual"" exist anymore, you won't be you.)I like the house with cleaning works, dont you?"
,Recommended,303210,20164454,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Adassar,This game was a rollercoaster of emotions. The story got me in tears at the end and I definitely didn't expect some things to go the way they did. Loved the whole idea behind it :)
76561198092751713,Not Recommended,303210,20168603,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CMDR_Trevor,"If your a Arttistic hipster who likes walking simulators its good, I for one am not."
,Recommended,303210,20169022,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,QwertyuiopThePie,"I highly recommend this game to anyone involved in any form of game development. Or who is friends with game devs, for that matter. Heck, let's just broaden that to anyone who is or is friends with anyone who is involved in any artistic medium of any kind."
,Recommended,303210,20169067,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Meeko. No chat...,Deep.
76561198016684678,Recommended,303210,20169253,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AFBuckeye,Wonderful story and experience.  Thanks.
76561198025183279,Recommended,303210,20184888,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,time to KILL!!!!!!!,best game if you want to be sad
,Recommended,303210,20179760,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WillDaBeard,"I technically beat this game in two hours...I could have returned it and gotten my eight bucks back... but I won't, you know why? Because this is not just an okay game, or a pretty good game, it's because this is a GREAT game that I will replay many, many times, and not just to see new material I missed, but because it's a game worth replaying....If that's not a good enough reason to buy this, then frankly your standards are too high."
,Recommended,303210,20176205,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BasicallyJesus,"Okay, just a little backstory. I've played the Stanley Parable, for 1 hour. On a friend's account. I was expecting something a little like that but more... jumpy... damn was I wrong.Honestly this game has an amazing narrative. In one hour and 30 minutes, you manage to really connect and FEEL what the narrator is saying. also *spoiler alert* you can almost feel the punch of the notes at the end. All of it is masterfully done. After playing it I almost feel dirty writing a review, from a narrative perspective it is so good, that you can imagine what is happening to this man. It is not much as far as gameplay goes. (the most complex gameplay is jumping). But I feel as if this game captured a pure and influencing narrative BECAUSE of the fact that you were just allowed to muck around in the  creations. I honestly feel that from a narrative perspective this game is near perfect. I got the chill's multiple times throughout and the music is masterfully done to fit each level perfectly.*HUGE SPOILERS*this is a story of internal struggle."
76561197984318042,Recommended,303210,20162095,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Matte,Probably one of the most important games ever made.
,Recommended,303210,20162165,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,adrive,This may be one of the most beautiful things I have ever experienced.
,Recommended,303210,20056691,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jamiltron,"Beginner's Guide is very interesting. Its hard to discuss without giving up the plot, but I should start out with a warning - this is an hour-ish long game that most likely would be tagged as ""Walking Simulator."" You play the role of someone investigating games designed by Coda, which are narrated over by Davey Wrenden.There are no traditional mechanics anywhere in this game. You start in one of Coda's games, Wrenden then describes to you his interpretation. As you play through it topics are addressed such as the role of the consumer's interpretation of art, the role of the artist's life in their work, as well as frustration relevant to being a creative person.It may be a bit expensive, but I think the game provides a worthwhile perspective if you create art on your own, or think about the role of art as it relates to the creator and consumer."
,Not Recommended,303210,20054092,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gearheadted,I cant recommend paying for this game. If it were free it might be worth playing but I didn't get any enjoyment out of it. Watching a lets play would be sufficient
,Recommended,303210,20054294,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pure Xenon,"I like to state things quickly, so that's how I'll format this. Quickly stated, The Beginner's Guide is a beautiful work of digital art.Firstly, if you don't enjoy games like this, (sometimes called ""Walking Simulators"", games that focus on the message sent instead of the action or mechanics) you may not enjoy this, honestly. You can watch a YouTube video and skip to the end, if you want the story quickly.However, if you have felt any interest in story-based games in the past, then I highly suggest this experience. This shows you a real-life struggle that many people go through. This isn't about zombies or time travel, it takes you on a journey through the mind of a pained individual and sends you dozens of life lessons in such a subtle way you won't even know. You could watch a video, but there's something special about experiencing the game with only your thoughts. No one else's.If you think that's worth it for you, and I do believe it was for me, then I fully recommend you become a part of this experience."
,Recommended,303210,20054422,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[FP] Julian Williams,Game was supposed to take 90 minuetsTook me 86had  4 minuets to use the bathroom11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,303210,20058475,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jxk46,I really can't describe anything about this game you just need to play it yourself the only thing I can describe is that it is to short for $10 but thats it this game just...I feel so...Empty
,Recommended,303210,20059370,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bazoogle,Please buy this...
,Recommended,303210,20052636,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Blind Captain,"This game is creative, strange and makes you think. It has strong and innovative storytelling, with somewhat appropriately bland gameplay. It doesn't have great replay value and gives you about 2 hours of gameplay. Over all, I enjoyed it.If a friend asked me for a good storytelling game, this might not be my first pick, but it's definitely unique and well done."
,Recommended,303210,20076276,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Courage,♥♥♥♥.I don't know how to describe the brilliance of this game.Play it yourself.
76561197996134689,Recommended,303210,20075650,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,lanthanna,"Special game, buy on sale."
,Not Recommended,303210,20078808,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nick Frost,I don't regret buying this. But it felt lacking somehow.Not recommended if you are looking for a similar experience to Stanley Parable o Dr. Langeskov.
,Recommended,303210,20076750,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Archangel,My life now feels strangely empty...
76561197999057412,Recommended,303210,20061418,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Novora,"... This game resonates with me a lot more than I would have preferred.Recommended for- People looking for a different approach to what games can do- Aspiring game developers (honestly the ideas within some of the games shown can really inspire people)- People who are interested in an interesting story for an hour or so.- People who don't mind games which don't have a core mechanicNot recommended for- People who want to play a fun game- People who believe that all games must follow a set formula to be a game- People who don't want to feel uncomfortable when playing a gameNote: It would be much better if it was priced lower, because this game really has the potential to inspire people or make them question many things, but the price kinda makes it somewhat inaccessible or unappealing for the amount of replayability and ""effort"" (to those people who say ""wtf I can make this in like a day the programming and assets so easy"" and ignore the time taken to iterate and design the entire game over and over and over and over again)"
,Recommended,303210,20062400,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Zavien Franklin,"I... I don't understand this, is this a real thing? I just... There's something in my eye... Wait... No, those are tears..."
,Recommended,303210,20068655,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bismarck,8/8
76561198042185081,Not Recommended,303210,20072788,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,tomcat77,"If you dig it, then you dig it. I did not dig it. Over quickly for the price and I was left more numb than enlightened. Did not convey, to me, the apperant message that others seem to ""get"". Have you seen the emporer lately. Fabulous.I expected to be taken on an inner journey of the creative, yet I got taken on a ride to nowhere. One star."
76561197998216965,Not Recommended,303210,20025816,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GoofyOldGuyPlays,"After all the years and many games I've played, this is my first review. I'll be short and sweet about this.  Knowing that this is a fairly short ""game"", and based upon the Good reviews it received, I thought I'd get it and stream it live.  It started just wierd, and a bit quirky, but it intrigued me.  After the first 30 minutes, I was getting bored. But, being I was live streaming, I had to finish.  It's just how I am.  And, since I didn't want to ""spoil"" it...  Oh who am I kidding, it was just so bad, I didn't even bother posting the end on my channel.  Yeah, it was THAT bad.Let me save you a couple of hours and 10 bucks (yeah, it went on sale right after I bought it, still ain't worth the 6 bucks they want You to pay). Stay as far away from this ""artistic"" piece of crap.   It's nothing more than an animated, really bad story you let someone tell you by clicking when he tells you to. It's not ""artistic"". It's not ""emotional"". It's not an interesting view into a man's descent into madness or depression.  Heck, it isn't even a Game!  It's a worthless grab for money that should not be purchased by anyone.  There you have it.  It's a pretentious piece of crap only a twisted airhead on a wild LSD trip would think is good.  All the ""Good"" reviews?  WTF game did YOU play?  Run. Run away fast.  Click ""Next"" when I tell you.  It's the same experience.  Click NOW!"
76561198084593973,Recommended,303210,20023495,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Legasy1001,"The begginers guide is a very story rich game that really gets you thinking, not a really big game so get it while its cheap on the steam sale."
,Recommended,303210,20023580,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,👌John👌,"pls buy this and cry once you reach the end, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,303210,20017366,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TonyOwned™,This game hit me right in the feels and i never have gotten touch by anything as much as your story touched me. There is no rating for me to give that would even amount to how amazing and touching this game in so in short i believe everyone should play this game at one point in there life.
76561198080138624,Recommended,303210,20026165,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mine_Man6,I cried
,Recommended,303210,20021837,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,angra,"Not a game, but an experience.  Certainly one worth having, I think."
,Recommended,303210,18281290,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Litchi_Borrower,"I.. I don't know ! The game is weird, but I thnik in a good way. You should go and buy it, and if it isn""t your kind of stuff, refund it. The game is beatable under 2 hours easly. I won't refund it. I may never play it again. I may, in 20 years, find it again, wondering what it is. And playing it. And, who knows, maybe understanding it better; because, I'll have to say that, right now, just after playing the whole game, I'm lost. loke, completely. Don't know what to think, don't know if what I'm writing right now is true. Pick this game up. It's wonderful. I think."
76561197979933189,Recommended,303210,18281293,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nexis,"A really interesting, almost mystrious, story. Left me wanting to know more about the characters and the truths behind it all. This game is very simplistic, and could honestly just be recorded and then put on YouTube to get the same effect but, it does a great job at making you feel, something. I think everyone can see themselves in this, a bit. With that, you walk away with a small sense of reflection, and maybe understanding? Eitherway, anger or sadness, happiness or apathy, this is one of the few games out there that tries to envoke some emotion into games.Can't say I agree with the pricetag but, not a bad game."
,Recommended,303210,18281296,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dexter S. Bateman,"This game made me feel like an idiot in the best way possible. I don't think it's possible to 'beat' this game, but I think it beat me."
76561198141085871,Recommended,303210,18281340,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lo ello,"This was really great. Probaly about as good as The Stanley Parable, just don't go in expecting it to be as funny. Saying anything else would spoil it."
,Recommended,303210,18281408,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RainBlast,"A truly worthwhile experience.  Don't expect much of a ""game"" but instead a really well crafted story."
,Recommended,303210,18288511,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,sierraa687,"As the trailer says at the end, lets find out. lets find out about this person who made the game... amazing story, brought a bit of tears to my eyes in the ending chapters, walking into that room, seeing that statment, i just stood there. remembering to the past scenes, in aw about the whole event and how their evolved from each persons' point of view, but you won't clearly see eithers' point of view until the end.it's an ok game, not worth paying much for it though... i would only truly recommend this game if, and only if it were less than 3 bucks... only and only becasue it feels like an audio book. you have very little say in the game. it is an ok game and amazing story. it brought feelings to me and showed me a bit of insight of what people might go through when making a game. story wise, amazing. as a game, not so much."
,Recommended,303210,18288569,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MikeTavish,"I feel so bad, I'm gonna go and cry now."
,Recommended,303210,18288636,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Craaazy Steeeve,"This is by far the most beautiful, heartfelt game of my life.If this doesnt bring you to tears I simply do not know what will.Do not buy this if you want to play a game, buy this if you want to hear the most heartfelt story a video game has ever told."
,Recommended,303210,18288792,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,balar,"Please do yourself a favor with this game, avoid reviews, avoid trailers, avoid anything. come clean to this experience. you will be so much richer for it. Oh, and get this game, obviously."
76561198026969596,Recommended,303210,18288837,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Inspace,https://youtu.be/kH_zVkNDcJk
,Recommended,303210,18288898,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zombie Jesus,"Not sure I ""enjoyed"" it exactly, but it's well worth the experience. Especially if you're into game dev or otherwise a creative of some sort, since it digs quite a bit into the psychology and emotion of creating art in general, while using the framework of game creation."
,Recommended,303210,18288934,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Pcfx,"This game is a journey into your own mind more than anything else.It's like a GameTheory episode about itself.It's interesting.It's not what I thought it would be.And above all, it's missing a sprint button."
,Recommended,303210,18286727,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LunaMoth,"Dont read reviews, just play it"
,Recommended,303210,18286840,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,sophistre,"Don't read any reviews, don't watch the trailer, just play the game. Just play it and don't rush through it. ...that being said--I could have a thousand conversations about (I will be vague here, to avoid spoilers) the game's themes and still barely scratch the surface of any of them. What amazes me about The Beginner's Guide is how concisely and elegantly it touches on so many diverse aspects of the process it concerns itself with. Some of the reviews here seem to suggest that the length is too short to justify the price point, but from a technical standpoint I honestly find the brevity to be one of the most amazing things about it. This is a game you will be unpacking for some time after you finish it, realizing things about the different vignettes that you may not have considered at first.For some people -- a certain type of person -- this game is going to be heavy. The end socked me in the stomach.But: we're not alone. I guess there's that."
,Recommended,303210,18286967,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Night Phaze,Really Happy Game 10/10
,Recommended,303210,18286974,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Edwahd,Will change your relationship to games.
76561198054069790,Recommended,303210,18287002,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ferdinand,It took me 100 minutes to finish this game and I enjoyed it. The voice of the story teller is nice and he is never boring. It brought me to tears where most movies can't even get me to care. I can't remember a game that did that to me.
,Recommended,303210,18287072,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LionYeti,This game was very close to making me cry.  Its an incredible journey into what creation is and what tole it takes on a person.  Its a 90 minute game but its more powerful then games that have taken dozens or hundreds of hours.  Recommend it wholeheartedly
,Recommended,303210,18287073,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hemsk,It is about the same length as a movie.It costs about the same as a movie.It doesn't have any minions in it. Buy.
,Recommended,303210,18287114,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Coldsteak (IQ: 6),"this game will ♥♥♥♥ you up fam, this gunna ♥♥♥♥ you up"
,Recommended,303210,18287469,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,N64Fan,"“…when someone is honest and vulnerable, they wring my heart - I want to hug them for being real…”― John Geddes, A Familiar Rain"
,Recommended,303210,18287588,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blattdorf,"There's a message in here, several different message depending on your interpretation, that really resonate with you. It's hard to talk about it in this review without spoiling it since this game is all about delivering the message.But it's a narrative experience that is strangely compelling. You just walk and listen, that's pretty much all you do, but it make you wonder about certain things.Other reviewers say it's life-changing. I wouldn't disagree with this, but don't take it as ""it's going to pay down your mortgage, win you the lottery"" or some other inane stuff like that. Rather, it's probably going to have an effect on your personal relationships and how you approach certain matters. It will definitely make you think about this at least a little.You should play it especially if you're a creative person. It uses game development as the vehicle for its message, but it may just as well be about any other creative activity.Definitely recommended.EDIT: The storepage description is pretty apt, so read it. It tells you everything upfront."
,Recommended,303210,18287650,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,saunika,"This is not a game. Its a one-time, hour and a half long truly unique experience.I'll put it to you this way. You can complete this in well under two hours (Steam's refund threshold). I could very easily ask for my money back even after receiving the full experience but I won't, because I really feel like it was it worth it.If you've ever had an introspective moment in your life, experience this. If you consider yourself a creative, experience this. If you've ever felt empty inside, experience this.Keep an open mind and remember, this is NOT a game."
76561198044488033,Recommended,303210,18287675,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"A very intuitive and creative look into the mind of a person, it explores all types of emotions and the implications of these resonate remarkably with what Davey Wreden helps you explore. It's not for those who are comfortable in their own niche, and the price is asking a lot. But there's a certain magic to it that keeps YOUR mind engaged rather than just keep you walking through room after room. That's what's important here, and The Beginner's Guide shows you that."
,Recommended,303210,18287729,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,saqua23,"This will be my very first review on Steam, though my library has over 100 games and I've spent probably a couple thousand hours playing time between all of them. This is the very first game I've played on Steam that made me WANT to publicly reveiw it, as any other game I've played, I felt like my opinion wouldn't add anything to it.This game, however... wow. I really don't want to spoil anything about this game. The summary is enough to go into. All I will say is that it is not the Stanley Parable, nor does it need to be. It's a strong game with a deep theme throughout, and I think it's an important message for anyone who creates art, be it video games, film, photography, writing, drawing, sketching, etc. This game affected me pretty deeply and got me to thinking about things I've never considered, and the ending really punched hard. For when you get there, you'll know what I mean when I say the part at the end where you walk up the stairs and read the first message from Coda to Davey really hit me hard. The rest of the game was very thought provoking. As far as gameplay goes, it's even less interactive than the Stanley Parable was, so it's not a ""game"" so much as a story that you walk through and experience. I personally love these kinds of games, but they aren't for everyone, so keep that in mind before you buy.Tl;dr: This game should resonate with everyone, especially if you consider yourself an artist of any kind. For $8 I consider it a steal, I gladly would have paid the full $10. A worthy follow up to Stanley Parable, even if it's a totally different game. Good job to Davey Wreden, and I can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,303210,18287790,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,zubsero_odt,This game left a pit in my stomach. I'm not entirely sure I was supposed to witness any of it.
76561198040492423,Recommended,303210,18287835,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gaomonteras,Please give me a moment...
76561197978892226,Recommended,303210,18287955,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shadow Fox,Play it. No questions. Don't look for answers. Just play it.
76561198072230915,Recommended,303210,18287992,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,AticAtac,What an amazing game
76561198062994939,Recommended,303210,18288028,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kate Overthinks,"What can I say it blew me away.While these sort of games (often referred to derisively as 'walking simulators') have been getting alot of critism lately for being stale, Davey Wreden keeps it fresh by telling stories that can only be told in this medium. Its a game that will get you, but you can't really say much without spoiling it so.... just play it"
76561197977649561,Recommended,303210,18304078,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JeeP,"Load of BS. Creative BS though, nice job. There was one scene I connected with, so thanks."
76561198156473480,Recommended,303210,18304137,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,-Blix,"I don't know what to think. On the one hand I can't stand passive agressive people who just cut out people from their lives with out a real explanation, leaving them strugling for answers. That is a cruel punishment. But on the other hand the narator was borderline creepy with his obsession over coda's work. So I don't know what to think. I just hope this story is real and that coda tells his side of the story. I don't really care if coda makes more games, his games sucked, but I do need more of this juicy drama."
,Recommended,303210,18304214,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,R3DFx,"I have mixed feelings about this story.Its an emotional journey of a narrator that looks into the mind of a friend through their work, and through the story telling, the narative is able to direct you towards making assumptions of the creator of these games. Some of these games are beautiful, and tell stories of their own, while others are quite enclosed. Its a 'Game' created for those who understand the creation of games themselves, which is fine. And even the story, which is well written and combined with the gameplay I feel like it was lacking. I massively enjoyed 'The Stanley Parable' for what it was, and I understood that this naritive would last an hour and a half. But I couldnt help but feel like more should be done. Spoilers Below:I feel bad for the original creator of these games, I don't know how true this is, whether or not Coda was a friend of davey or if he even exsists, but I feel like davey shouldnt be creating solutions to all of the games that his 'friend' once created, adding a overlay naritive and making money off of the game just doesnt feel right, I understand that he wants to make sure his friend is okay, alive, and out there. But Somehow It just makes me feel like it further complicates situations. Sometimes people just need to be left alone.I did enjoy playing through this, so I can't give it a negative reveiw, however I would strongly consider waiting to play this game. Or looking up some information, or something. The video preview isn't sufficient in my mind. The journey ends up taking your hand, and pulls you through a  labyrinth of great writing to tell a story about a old friend.Too bad Coda never wanted his story told."
,Recommended,303210,18304363,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Blackwolfe,"I really have no idea what it all ment, but I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,303210,18304481,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,foofly,Curation through game design. Interesting and important.
,Recommended,303210,18304584,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mahrioso,Awesome
,Recommended,303210,18303306,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JMRante,Explore the haunting and raw spaces of the Source Engine. The Beginner's Guide reminds me of some of my dreams. It is an introspective experience that will probably be most appreciated by creators.
,Recommended,303210,18303346,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FickleFox,Hands down the most intimate and personal game I have played
76561198054560768,Recommended,303210,18303534,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ando50,"Good game, made me feel things, as I am not a developer of games, I'm afraid I was not affected as heavily as other reviewers have described, but still a good 1.5 hour adventure to break up the norm."
,Recommended,303210,18303775,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,| BMR | MANTISxB,"This is one of the best games i have played in many years.Do not research anything about it, just play it.Its a masterpiece."
,Recommended,303210,18301957,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SpartyCrunch,"Still trying to wrap my mind around this. An unexpecteed story about a creator coming to terms with his own success, and everyone else who tries to become famous for others' work."
,Recommended,303210,18301958,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dan Dead Or Alive,One of the most unique games I've ever played.Whatever you do don't look up reviews cause spoilers will just ruin the game for new players.
,Recommended,303210,18301977,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ragnarok,Money well spent for an amazing experience.
76561198055831887,Recommended,303210,18302014,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tunkin,"This is a very strange little game.  Over about an hour and a half, you're shown a collection of works by an indie developer, 'Coda', narrated by his friend and admirer Davey.There's a lot and not very much going on here.  The game tells you more about the human condition and the creative process than I think most of us are comfortable with.  It's interesting, and at times, quite disturbing.It's worth a look.  It's hard to say whether you'll enjoy it or not, but you'll definitely think something of it."
76561198117146064,Recommended,303210,18285437,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Code,A short game with a powerful message for creators of all kinds.
76561198014495168,Recommended,303210,18302038,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TWO METROIDS,"I feel like I can't really say anything meaningful about this game without spoiling it, and it's vitally important that you go into this game with as little spoilers as possible so all I'm going to say is this:Play this game. It is an experience that I genuinely believe everybody should experience. DO NOT look up ANYTHING before you do play it. Don't read reviews, don't watch trailers. Just buy it and play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18302238,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Jack (SWC),"I want to write something about the Beginner's Guide. Something poetic, something brave, or clever, or emotional. I want to be angry, or judgemental, and I feel like these are things that I should feel. But I can't. This is the single hardest game that I have ever played. Maybe it's because I see myself in Coda. Or maybe I see myself in Davey. I can't get over the overwhelming feeling that I have played a game that was never meant to be played. At least not by me. This is actually art. I don't mean in the pretentious ""Video games are art,"" way. This is the only game that, to me, actually conveyed emotion. I'm not really sure whose emotion, or what emotion is even being conveyed. I hate to sound like an English Literature teacher, but this game actually and deeply conveyed an indescribeably complex and dark part of the human expierence.This game hurts."
,Recommended,303210,18302243,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NotTheWorstDan,"This takes about 90 minutes to complete. As the various tags and such note, it's a minimally interactive experience, similar to The Stanley Parable. Unlike The Stanley Parable, this isn't a humorous outing, but I found it nonetheless compelling from start to end. Being a story-driven experience, I can't say much without spoiling it.What I can say is that if this kind of thing appeals to you at all, even if you've never tried these artsy-fartsy 'interactive experience' things but the trailer piques your interest, I think you'll be glad you checked this out. Granted, it's not funny and isn't trying to be. I'm not sure ""fun"" would even be a fitting description. Again, it's not trying to be. If you wanted something light-hearted and silly or otherwise immediately gratifying to play, this really isn't it. (If that is what you were looking for, go back to The Stanley Parable)I've had to heavily edit this review, because as I type I'm seriously struggling to find the words for what I just watched. To put it plainly, this one hit me right in the feels. A few folks who review games for a living have said this is a must-see for anyone who works in any creative medium. I could certainly see why by the end. I kind of thought I was going to cry well before the epilogue. It's not inherently tragic or sad per-se, but it is wonderfully atmospheric, persistently unsettling, and intensely personal.You're probably going to need a hug by the time this is over. I know I do."
76561198099411766,Recommended,303210,18302272,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mc.Mexicano,"if you are a game devloper or someone that whats to lern how to make games buy these now.if you are not ,stil buy it now its an amazing game that makes you think about life . i am prety much inspired and deprestfrom its awsomness. worth every peny.i wish i can make games this rich emotionaly in the future .well its time to go ,keep going"
,Recommended,303210,18302199,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,moonmirroir,"I came into the game expecting nothing, of course. I found a story, and along the way I cried, didn't know what to believe and sat perfectly still in silence. This game isn't a game. It's a novel, it's a movie. I don't know if its true. But, I almost think it doesn't matter.I would reccomend, as others in the reviews have been, that you ask someone else that has played if you would like it. I think it takes a certain type of person.On a more critical note, I do agree with other reviews that it tends to be self indulgent, and might not quite have been worth the actual money just to listen to what some might conclude to be simply venting by the author. But, I don't want to say this. Because sometimes that's what you need. You need to vent, you need the attention, you need the validation. And certainly, I would say we all need the money. And this game hit in a spot near my heart that I can't help but support it. So I hope it's not just a money grab, intended to pull in profits from previous success. I really hope so. I'll try not to feel so cynical about it."
,Recommended,303210,18302308,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ZachThePerson,"I don't even know how to review this, and didn't almost didn't, but I feel almost like I NEED to for this.If you are fine with a ""Walking simulator"" and found joy in playing games like ""Gone Home"" then you should play this. if not then stay clear.It's hard to recomend, as it's not necessarily an enjoyable game, but to put it nicely, I am glad I played it."
,Recommended,303210,18302460,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sailorjeff,A great experience. I hope that the creator keeps making these unique experiences for people to enjoy and think about.
,Recommended,303210,18302488,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blackout,"100% walking simulator/movie game,for what it is though it was actually quite enjoyable.Takes about 2 hours to finish and it has 0 replay value soI would say either youtube it or wait for steam sale."
,Recommended,303210,18302561,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,-| SAMIR |-,"Not sure what I just ""played"""
,Recommended,303210,18302612,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,2DGIRLS,Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,18302688,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ryukkewazzu,"Half way through the last level ""the prologue""  i accidently tapped my connected controller and the POV stuck at a perspective staring at the ceiling. I could only get an extremely brief view of my surrounding by continously pulling my mouse down over and over again. i've not seen anything mentioning this in the in other reviews. it was frustraiting, also unkown whether or not this mechanic was deliberate. after finishing the game i started it over to notice this same POV scanning in a permament upwards position. i've spend some time trying to ""fix"" it.  After a  five-minute break to let the story seep-in. i've got to say this was a somewhat enlightening experience. (the entire story) it breeds that ""stirring of emotions in my chest"" kind of feeling.. I guess it's in a way like ""playing"" an emotion. (no, i've never done acid)i've always been a fan of thinking, and have only in recent years began truly delving into psychology. that being said, i view this game as a small part sadistic, not to say that's entierly a bad thing either, but isn't that a part of us? That need to share the correct answer with your fellow humans so they can progress, to ""help"" them. isn't life about balance? and without that sadistic part of life isn't life incomplete?ps. i passionately love doing mazes.(creating them too) i'm going to spend 100 hours trying to get back to that massive maze and walk through it.  Oh yes, a review.. uh.. i reccommend this game becasue i love mazes and the mind of it's creators."
76561198042995081,Recommended,303210,18302786,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,K3ybord,"This game isn't for everyone and if you don't like walking sims you're almost certainly going to hate it and it's not a comedy like the stanley parable. A lot of people are going to write this off as nothing more than pretenious hipster wank.All that being said I really really really really enjoyed this it cut me deep. So much so I paid $8 for an hour an a half walking sim and I'd gladly do it again. My personal game of the year,"
76561198041347348,Recommended,303210,18303022,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,deconst,Fascinating look at a series of independent small games connected with a narrative. Perfect length for the experience.
76561197994686280,Recommended,303210,18303090,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,whatthetrash,"Fantastic.A fascinating journey through the mind of someone. Once I started playing, I couldn't stop. Just very engrossing and intriguing.And that's all you're going to get from me. If you'd like more, get the game and check it out for yourself. :)9/10"
,Recommended,303210,18310357,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,log avoids transmissible lie,"A game for us.(~90 minutes of linear storytelling, set aside some time and enjoy the ride)"
76561198110268581,Recommended,303210,18406866,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Futaba Fan,This game just changed my outlook on life. No joke. Also Feels Warning. 100/10 would feels again
,Recommended,303210,18407738,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kraut,mind blown man
,Recommended,303210,18407796,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,MindBombExplosions,Bought this game thinking it would be funny and weird but ened up with the biggest feel trip of my life10/10 would cry again
76561198053570432,Recommended,303210,18407939,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Harold,"I don't know what to say. Like, no words can express how I feel. Who ever you are, you need to play this ♥♥♥♥ing game. I am in actual tears right now. Just play the game. Pay the 10 dollars. Play it."
76561198075584053,Recommended,303210,18408068,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Toffeeheadd,This was quite the jouney to go on but now it has opened me up to so much dont expect to play the game and not cry
76561198000649386,Recommended,303210,18408225,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Nimble Navigator,I very beautiful game that brought tears to my eyes several times.
,Recommended,303210,18408198,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Return to Lender,This game reminded me to empathise with myself.
,Recommended,303210,18408328,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Serenity,"Came, expected to click through minigames to try and figure some dude out.Left feeling like I should reevaluate my life and that I should probably talk to some friends I haven't spoken to in a while."
,Recommended,303210,18408430,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Dan,"Stanley Parable was game about game design, Beginner's Guide is game about videogame developers. Or shall we say artists as a bunch? Must people do expressive work because of other people or just for their own use? And must they do it when it's requested? Beginner's Guide tries to answer all the answer and I must say I wasn't really comforted at the end.Is it for everyone? Definitely not, but it is problem, because it is so called ""walking simulator?"" No, it's because the game wants more thinking about what is said through the narration and through the prototypes itself than through the gameplay. Is it problem for me? No. Can it be problem for someone else? Totally."
,Recommended,303210,18407318,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,coldash,Fascinating.
,Recommended,303210,18394767,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,fragilepear,I feel like I read the diaries of two persons.
76561198030564315,Recommended,303210,18394786,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tacoflow,+
,Recommended,303210,18395020,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Netherfiend,Great experience. A very fascinating 1-2 hour journey.
,Recommended,303210,18395112,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,I can't believe I'm not butter,"This game is exactly what the ""about this game"" section says. ""It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.""It is not Stanley Parable 2. It's a very separate but similarly emotionally powerful experience, though somewhat opposite in the direction it takes your moods. It's more of an interactive movie. A good movie leaves a lasting impression that you won't forget about for a long time, and this is going to be the same for many people.Maybe that's worth ten bucks to you. Maybe it isn't. Don't go reading anything else about it, it will only detract from the experience."
76561198136352401,Recommended,303210,18404850,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,jlkleypas,Good stuff. Now I want to make a video game. Need more of this dudes work
76561198031383772,Recommended,303210,18405182,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Revanaught,"I really want a mixed option for reviews, not a recommendation but not a non-recommendation.  This is honestly a really tough one.First of all, this is really more of an interactive movie than a game.  That's not to say it's bad, it's well written and it's an interesting experience.  It starts off kind of happy, kind of slow and then it starts getting really heavy, and it will give you a sinking feeling in your chest.Then the big ""twist"" at the end happens, and I feel like this is where it kind of fell flat.  I feel like it was trying to really be a gut punching heavy hitting moment, when, at least for me, it ended up♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  I don't want to spoil anything, but instead of making me feel sad for one person, it made me feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at what a horrible person the other person was.  Now, this may be different for you, I don't know if anyone else agrees with me, I just finished the game.Honestly, I don't know if this story is fictional or not.  If this game is fictional, then I can absolutely recommend it and it gives a very interesting insight.  If this game is non-fictional, it just reminds me of how crappy people can be and that honestly just fills me with anger.In the end, I have to say that I actually wasn't a huge fan of the game, but I do still think it's an experience that needs to be experienced."
,Recommended,303210,18405279,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,QuantumMonsterX,I just finished it and I now just need to stop and think for a bit. Went into it completely blind and didn't anticipate the emotions I would feel afterward. I'm still at the point of near tears and I just need a little bit to think about what I experienced.
,Recommended,303210,18405345,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,twitch.tv/syrmor,Definetly an interesting experience. Like a lot of other reviewers I decided to get it because I really enjoyed The Stanley Parable. At times I felt the game to be pretentious but in its own way I think the narration even addresses it. At the end of it all I really enjoyed what it turned out to be and I wonder what will come out of it.
76561197980411600,Recommended,303210,18405713,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,josh g.,"Yes. Just, yes.Also if you play it and are upset, wait a day, let it settle, think about it.  Probably you'll be fine.  (Worked for me!)"
76561197996335903,Recommended,303210,18405715,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,dalbator,Interesting Narative Game.Story was very good. I was hooked by it but would have like it to be at least one hour longer.
,Recommended,303210,18300614,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Deminobody,"It's a good thought provoking experience. I want to fix the point a lot of negative reviews are confused about, but I don't want to spoil it for those who haven't played it yet. Below are my best attempts to be subtle, but I recommend those who are already interested in this game to not read it.I think I'd advise not to take certain things too literal.Even more spoiler-y:Look up the other designer's name in a dictionary and that might help."
,Recommended,303210,18300964,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,nosolemoo,"This game hurts my heart in the most intense way. It's certainly not an experience that everyone will enjoy but I'd recommend it regardless.  The narration guides you on an interesting journey through a part of someone's life, and ulitmately how they may or may not come to grips with welll.. I can't say much else for spoilers.If you're not into walking simulators I'd definitely not recommend this, but if you're willing to forego an assumptions based on that description, you might just find an experience you wouldn't have expected.If you're anything like me, I'd recommend some kleenex as well."
,Recommended,303210,18301061,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tyraak,"This is a game that is enigmatic and hard to describe. I feel the need to write about it and tell people about it and yet, I can't really say anything or go too deep. It would ruin the experience.Basically, you are playing through bite-sized, mostly unfinished games ostensibly developed by a person named Coda. These games are narrated throughout by Davey Wreden, and he provides the backbone to these otherwise loosely connected series of games. You play one, Davey talks about it a bit, you move on to the next.But it's not that simple.There's a deeper meaning here that I can't go into. I don't even know if I really understand it, but I can't get this game out of my head. It's like having food stuck between your teeth; you consistently feel it, but it's hard to get rid of. Not that I want to get rid of it in this instance, mind you.Do I recommend this? Yes. Absolutely. I love games like ""The Stanley Parable"" and ""Gone Home"" and if you do too, this is an obvious recommendation. This game will stay with me long after it's over, and I'll probably go back and play it again just to peel back the layers a little deeper, whether those layers are real or imagined.I don't understand ""The Beginner's Guide"". But I love it so very much."
76561198025061947,Recommended,303210,18301106,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ScheepIsh,"♥♥♥♥ing best game ive ever played, wish i didnt buy it when it was on sale. would pay full price for this game. amazing 11/10"
,Recommended,303210,18301111,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DeathsUncleBob,Bruh.
,Recommended,303210,18301116,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,CmdrJorgs,"For those that struggle with lack of self-worth and feel like they are inferior to the world (which is the majority of us, to be honest), this game will strike many chords within you. The title is just so fitting: this is not a game, but a guide to finding happiness in life. So deep, and so inspirational. ... I honestly don't know what else to say. Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,18301163,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,supersoup,"It is something to be experienced--made by a creator, for creators. It is, at different times, uplifting, dreary, uncomfortable, and oddly reassuring. The Beginner's Guide offers perspective, at the terrifying cost of opening all the doors into your darkest closets.Check it out, and expect to be surprised."
76561198111065949,Recommended,303210,18301277,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Pupsy_Wupz,Don't say anything.
,Recommended,303210,18301376,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dragnerz,"This game is beautifulMechanically, this game plays as a showcase of many small prototypes of the same flavour.Presentation wise, this game acts as an engaging documentary of the game development of a single artist, in itself a really interesting storytelling dynamic.What you get out of this game is something quite special. It's the kind of game that makes you think critically about others as well as yourself. The kind that spurs on discussion, and stays with you. I wish I could make a video right now about all my thoughts, but that will have to come much later.It's not anything like The Stanley Parable, but at the same time, fits right at home next to it. Truly something you need to experience for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18301441,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ZeppelinOfLed,"It floored me. I don't have anything else to say, but know that this game knocked the air right out of me."
,Recommended,303210,18301541,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,malerin,"Only 90 minutes, but worth every minute."
,Recommended,303210,18301566,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,McDuck,I ♥♥♥♥ing cried.
,Recommended,303210,18301595,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Muffins,"Nothing can be said about the contents of this game. There are no words to say that wouldn't betray it.What I can tell you is that I found it to be a powerful narrative experience. It gave me cause for thought. And, I think you should play it."
,Recommended,303210,18301641,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SkipToGame,"""What would it feel like to live a life driven by something other than external validation?"" (Paraphrased a bit, probably)♥♥♥♥. That line hit me. That line hit me hard."
,Recommended,303210,18301644,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Antimony,"Oof, hit me right in the feels."
76561198113509656,Recommended,303210,18301699,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,derek.rothholz,Loved everything about it. All the feels
,Recommended,303210,18301714,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,superthepower,"I had just now finished the game. I really dont know what to say. It was one of the best games ive played in awhile. I feel like someone with a bat called ""The Feels"" hit me right upside the head. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18300273,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gizzwhizz,"This game is best experienced without any spoilers, but having said that please go into this knowing that this is NOT the Stanley Parable, nor is it the random puzzle game experience that the trailer makes it out to be. It's much more in the vein of Gone Home and I loved that. My only real criticism is that it advertised itself to be so different from what it is, and so the dark reality of it hit me much harder than I was prepared for. By the end I was in tears but rather than feeling solace in the fact that a game had touched me so deeply I instead felt frustrated and attacked that a game had triggered my anxiety with no warning. I would still recommend it but please be aware that this is the furthest thing from a happy story."
76561198171878565,Recommended,303210,18300433,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Eu1ogy,"This game tore me open, and I related to it very personally. I felt pain, I cried, and afterward... I wanted nothing more than to be around those I care about... my friends."
,Recommended,303210,18300502,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,利城,I've never actually cried while playing a game until this one.
76561197996358234,Recommended,303210,18306100,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Alubane,"Every one has something to learn from this game. Do yourself a favour and play it, I can promise you that it will give you a lot to think about afterwards."
76561198046114529,Recommended,303210,18306102,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,krosmarc,"If you didn't like Stanley Parable, you won't like this either.If you did like Stanley Parable: Stanley Parable was a interactive game of choice, this is not.This is not a game!You get told a story.Real or not real, I don't know.I liked it.I followed that story,developed some kind of pity for the subject of it.After a lengthy tourone room offered an emotional jumpscare, which hit me full.I feltsad.I didn't know what was correct to think.More narration, which made that feeling more real.I liked that a story game was able to trigger this.Still, I don't know if the story is real.If so, I wish it isn't."
76561198001206822,Recommended,303210,18306251,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Metalfish,"Worth experiencing. Not Stanley, but in a similar vein. Asks some interesting questions about making, interpreting and sharing things."
,Recommended,303210,18306364,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Danish Spots (thecrazydane3),"Loved the game, it just kept crashing if it tried to open in fullscreen. No problem there though as it just needs to be opened in a window, then put into fullscreen in the settings. I wouldnt say it was fun, but I will say that it was a great, emotional game. So if you like games like that, you will probably like this one."
,Recommended,303210,18306413,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"If you're worried about the price tag: Think of it more as a personal interactive art exhibit. If that doesn't interest you, don't play the game. If it does, you'll absolutely love it.This is not the Stanley Parable, but it is really good.That's all I'll say"
,Recommended,303210,18306548,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Remos,"I am not exactly sure what the ""Beginner's Guide"" was about."
,Recommended,303210,18311305,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pockan,This game makes me feel wierd
,Recommended,303210,18311414,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,eeeaan,"Not for everybody, but I enjoyed it immensely. Unfortunately, if you read about it before playing, you'll ruin it. It's only $8 though, so give it a shot."
76561198059311043,Recommended,303210,18311629,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lewis White,"Play this game. Don't watch someone on YouTube play it, don't watch your friend play it, play for yourself and then, and only then, will you understand."
,Recommended,303210,18311651,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FalseShepard,"Honestly, the worst mistake you can make with The Beginner's Guide is to read a review. Scroll back up now, consider if you liked The Stanley Parable or story-driven walking games in general and if the answer is yes, just try The Beginner's Guide."
,Recommended,303210,18311672,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Flamez,"This is a great insight on how 'some' creative people feel. I just finished the game and I'm still at a loss for words. There's no tension, no epic fire-fights, just a look into the mind of a developer who give it his all, and I really do mean his all, into his work."
,Recommended,303210,18311749,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MCThePyro,"This game is so true it hurts. Is this person real? Is it just a representation of himself? All these questions, but they are all never answered... or are they? Simply Beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,18311914,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pawz2142,"There really isn't a good way to describe The Beginner's Guide. All I can say is that it's good. Good enough to buy and if you don't like it, get a refund. The game won't take you 2 hours to complete the first time. But by all means keep it if you thought it resonated."
76561198201694133,Recommended,303210,18311928,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Marco Polo,"Hello,i played this game just once.It should be played just one time.It´s enough, to say something about it.It´s a amazing work. Your eyes are focused on the screen but your mind is swimming in the endless space.First of all you have to shut down all other things, to get the full feeling.Additionally don´t rush the game, take it slowly to your soul.Believe me and it could be great for you.Thumbs up for this Game.:)"
,Recommended,303210,18312004,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,pootisman33,awesome. just awesome
76561197998922496,Recommended,303210,18312032,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Da_Government,"I will say this. The expience was quite profound to me. Who knows what the messege is, or ""intent"" is. Something about being inside this game connected me with the landscape of humanity."
76561198043343260,Recommended,303210,18312273,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Anna,"I feel like I'm playing the first works of what in years to come will be the first widely acclaimed video game artist. That in 30 years time, when games are as commonly enjoyed and ingrained in society as books and movies, we will see the name Davey Wreden mentioned with the great artists of today, be it movies, paintings, music or games. We're here. Games are art now. I will carry The Beginner's Guide with me always, for the hallmark it is in video games evolution. While the game itself is fantastic, I'm not saying it is the best game ever made. I'm saying that the artist behind it has made some very special games so far, and can go just about anywhere from here."
76561198069393835,Recommended,303210,18312315,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,derek1755,Yeee
,Recommended,303210,18312570,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SimReality,Just finished this one and not really sure how I feel. It's a fair bit to take in if you consider all of it. But it's definitely worth playing because it's different and tries to say something which is not common in games.
76561198119490419,Recommended,303210,18361811,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Forrest,Well♥♥♥♥♥♥now I'm sad and I don't know why.
,Recommended,303210,18362035,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,I might be Russian,"I would call this an experience more than a game, and not in the pretentious Dear Esther way. At no point does this 'game' think it's something better than a normal game. In fact the majority of your time with this will be looking at the basics of game design for other games.The ending of this game will have you sit quietly in your chair for more than half an hour thinking about your life. Can definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a short slice of something different."
,Recommended,303210,18362060,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Misiogenesis,This game was savage like my workouts
,Recommended,303210,18362091,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,davegamingsports,This game needs to be played by everyone just for the story it's weird and yet it makes you think about yourself.It puts you in Davey's and Coda's shoes it makes you think.It will take at most 2 hours of your life but for the story and the cheap price it' s amazing.If u enjoyed stanley parable you propably will enjoy this one too.20/10 will play again.
,Recommended,303210,18362107,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,BOT Jon,Amazing Real or Fake its amazing.
,Recommended,303210,18362184,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TheThoughtEater,"This game recieve the honor of being one of only two walking simulator games so far I haven't hated. I'm not sure I *like* it, but it's ♥♥♥♥ing fascinating."
,Recommended,303210,18362191,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,KelticDave,this game isn't going to be for everyone but if you enjoyed stanley then you will enjoy this.
,Recommended,303210,18362222,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,WoUlD yOu BeLiEvE mY sHoCk,:c its so sad
76561198172422029,Recommended,303210,18362265,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,kokirikid42,"It is hard to talk about this game without running into spoilers, so hard that I cannot go into any detail.  But it's just something you need to experience firsthand.  It is something you need to do yourself.  Just play it... Seriously.  And if you can, play it in one sitting.  That is all I can say."
,Recommended,303210,18362997,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Sevandres,"The Beginner's GuideThis game tells a story, and it's best to go at it as blindly as possible.Give it a go."
,Recommended,303210,18363072,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,anxioussuccubus,"This game is amazing. The Narative is so just, ""correct""The game truly made me cry at the end. Sad yet hopeful messaged compacted into one small hour long game.If you're reading this review, stop, and go buy it."
,Recommended,303210,18363085,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Skoomonk,"If you are the type of individual who onlys enjoys a game because your actions matter, you progress the plot and are important this is not a game for you. The game brings very little to the table, decent visuals which you could find better in many games, there is no combat what so ever, interaction with the enviroment is minimal, for the most part you just walk and listen. What the game does bring however is a story. I have played hundreds of games and without a doubt no other game as made me feel like this one has. The story of this game is beautiful, jaw droppingly designed. It pulls all these decent graphics and walking together to make a spectacular game that is emotionally powerful and brilliant. So if you are looking for a story, this is the game to play, because it will tell a story in a wonderful and amazing way."
,Recommended,303210,18363110,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Neuro,"awesome inspiring game, really inspires me to get into making games like this!"
76561198215437527,Recommended,303210,18363116,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,krimzonthief,"All I can say for certainty is that if you are at least slightly interested in the deeper meanings about anything, you will be a changed person after playing this game. If only for a little while."
76561198021344789,Recommended,303210,18363253,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,I See Voices,cant tell if its true or fiction. The one thing i know is that this is an amazing work of art.
76561198157707943,Recommended,303210,18363273,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jello In The Wind,very confusing and left me feeling strangley empty. was not expecting a game this way. in a way it reminds me of Braid. if anyone needs me i'll be in spiralling depression
,Recommended,303210,18363389,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"it i really hard to describe this game, and i think that the less you know about the game the more eenjoyable it will be.so my suggestion, just buy it, it goes for an hour and a half, if you don't like it you can always get a refund"
76561198022514675,Recommended,303210,18363430,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,My City,That was um... I just beat it 10 minutes ago and I'm definitely going to be playing it again. It makes you think. It makes you doubt what you know about your friends and who you look up to and the choices you make. It's... I recommend it. If you liked Gone Home or walking simulators that tell stories like Gone Home. This is for you. Eat your heart out. I did.
76561198032352968,Recommended,303210,18363461,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Tritwister,A fantastically engrossing narrative that spans the length of a movie.Don't spoil yourself before playing it!
,Recommended,303210,18363463,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,kwhoppy,"pretty deep, man"
,Recommended,303210,18363612,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,michaelab12,"Possible spoilersThe best I can describe this game is that it is David asking a questions, the quesion for forgiveness, looking for an answer, looking for it in an endless maze.What he dosent realizeThere is no answer."
,Recommended,303210,18363627,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,deadmoo5e,"A game with minimal player interaction, this narrative has the player asking constantly what they just experianced and why they feel such a strong personal connection with not only the words of the narrator, but with the microgames themselves. A relatively short experiance, but one that leaves the player with thoughts and questions they have likely never had within a game before. I highly recommend this game, and hope the publisher continues to push the boundries and explore this unique medium of storytelling."
,Recommended,303210,18363671,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Drazznoro,"idk how to explain it, but it's good"
,Recommended,303210,18363767,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bert Macklin FBI,Made me rethink life and♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561197985639467,Recommended,303210,18363768,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Tri-M,"101mins ... have you ever read a book, watched a film or played a game, enjoyed every second of it and then felt sad? Well this is going to be another of those. I loved this ... I wish there was more, sad its over."
,Recommended,303210,18362275,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SCRainbow,Entropy.
76561198066882224,Recommended,303210,18362291,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,☭Mongoose☭,This game is
,Recommended,303210,18362430,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,RIP HL3,Davey needs help
,Recommended,303210,18362481,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Help me bootleg,Relatable
,Recommended,303210,18362518,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,steppan,"So I haven't played Stanley's Parable yet (even though it's been sat in my library since last xmas) so I can't draw any conclusions. I played this game as a developer wannabe that's struggled for a long time and hit a bit of a brick wall, with a glass to red to hand. It's an interesting concept for a 'game', and although it at times can feel like its up its own a**e a bit, it also hit home and sparked a renewed motivation for development, and for that reason alone I would have to reccomend the game to anybody that's ever been in the same boat"
,Recommended,303210,18362566,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pete Delkus,I don't know how I feel right now. I'M IN A GLASS CAGE OF EMOTION!
76561198058193031,Recommended,303210,18362582,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TheSev117,"If you are looking for a game to have fun in the conventional sense, I would start by saying that this game is not for you. If you want to see a fantastic piece of art that keeps you engaged, even if you are like me and enjoy a good game of COD or Forza, then this game will blow your mind. It starts off as a man named Davey talks about his friend Coda who is a fellow game developer.As Davey leads you through these games, he starts to define the objective of each game and goes so far as to make assumptions about Koda, many of which I must say that based solely based upon the games I would've made as well. With the narrator leading us through, and with the Stanley Parable being a lead up to the game, I was always ready with a reasonable doubt that the game was misleading me but I was still ready to go along.And that's seems to be one of the points to the game. The Beginner's Guide seems to nail home that people see each other in a narrow view, and that we make assumptions based on only what we no, and begin to narrow down the possibilites without any other information. And thus the game strikes again, because that is my view, and in some ways that's okay because it is our respective opinion. We just can't let people try to forcefully change others when there appears to be no definitive reason why, but that would be a topic for another philosophy class.And if you've skipped both off these paragraphs please read this one, The Beginner's Guide is a fantastic piece of art. If you are looking for a video game that is more a beautiful piece of art, that is still nicely paced and is heart wrenching be sure to buy this. If you are anything like me, it will make you question the way you look at the people around you, and that is what Wredden seems to be about."
76561198040328466,Recommended,303210,18362679,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,PepperoniTony,"Beautiful experience and very understandable from, both sides, i think everyone can relate to Davey and Cado. However I have one big concern and that is the portrayal of the game and the marketing i guess. Where's my money going? I hope to Cado and his game development or just for him doing whatever he wants, because these are his games. Additionally the game descreption reading ""narrative video game from Davey Wreden, creator of The Stanley Parable"" seems to give alot of the credit to Davey. I'm not at all disatisified but i have a horrible feeling that Cado wouldn't want Davey making money and gaining fame for linking up and narrating Cado's games."
,Recommended,303210,18362700,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ᵃʸᵃʸᵃʸᵃʸᵃʸᵃʸ,I don't really have words after just finishing the game. It makes you slow down and think. I guess.I don't really know if there is anything to say about itIt's worth checking out though. It's the best 8 bucks I've spent in a long time
76561198041772893,Recommended,303210,18362701,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fain Forfend,Loved it
76561198059981878,Recommended,303210,18361222,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,o-(-< George Mcfly,brilliant
,Recommended,303210,18362896,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MisterDimmadome,"This was... Amazing. I don't really have words for how this experience was. All I can say is buy it yourself, and experience it. This game single-handedly changed how I look at games as an art form, along with how I look at people and what impact I may have on their lives. Just.... Play it."
76561198024721028,Recommended,303210,18362922,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Solaarity,"I... have no words, just play it and... feel. Don't look up guides unless you really don't intend on playing it. The message will not transition very well over someone else playing it."
76561198072988356,Recommended,303210,18362947,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Catnapper,"If you believe that games don't have to be ""played"", but can instead tell a story or do other things, get this game. Do it now."
,Recommended,303210,18364557,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Shadowstealer,"This game scared me on a deep psychological level. This is in no means meant for everyone in the steam community. Don't look for comedy. Don't look for gameplay. Don't look for anything you've ever seen in any game you've every played before. Nevertheless, it is a story that needs to be told regardless of the response. This is really a game that will be well recieved with mature audiences, but less so with young ones. It focuses heavily on real world issues that most people can relate to yet many tend to push under the rug and try to avoid. If you can handle the feels, get this game. The word of this game needs to be spread. Additionally, due to the actual story that is being told, this game may be removed from the market after a certain amount of publicity."
76561198191325599,Recommended,303210,18336738,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,zuitman,"I really don't even know what to say having just finished this game only moments ago only that I loved it and if you haven't been turned off by the ""walking simulator"" tag then its worth seeing this game for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18336831,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,amandajean1497,"This game was deep, and it was really really interesting. My only issue at all with it was i felt rushed in certain rooms and i am the kind of person who checks every corner no matter what. But the game itself is really good, not funny like the stanley parable but deep and a good game if youre like me and like games that just walk you through a story and you figure out whats going on. 8/10"
,Recommended,303210,18336837,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The Macaque,"This is one of those games that you need to experience for yourself. If you watch someone play it, it will not have the same impact. If you know things about it beforehand, it won't have the same impact. $10 for a game with ~90 minutes of content may seem like a complete ripoff, but it is not about the game. It is about the message. And if that pricetag is too steep for you I completely understand. But if not I completely recommend this game.There are many debates about whether games are art. I strongly believe that this is a prime example."
,Recommended,303210,18336906,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,theswhalen,"This is definitely my blind-play pick of the year, if that's a category.  I was told numerous times not to read anything written about this game prior to playing it.  Having completed it, I am glad I took everyone's advice.Especially if you like game design, take the gamble.  It's a nice experience that is polite with how it ask you to spend your time."
,Recommended,303210,18337067,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,You need to play this.
,Recommended,303210,18325192,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ZZZNZ,Gets harder and harder to turn off as you playRecommend playing in one sitting though
76561198042102707,Not Recommended,303210,18325230,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Currywurst44,The game crashed twice and is only 2 hours long. It would have been great without any crashes.
,Recommended,303210,18325374,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DasCapschen,"This game is a MUST HAVE.It's not very long, but you have to play it.Just do it. You will not regret."
,Recommended,303210,18325437,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mr.Skeliman,I've never been so affecred by a game emotionally before......
,Recommended,303210,18325484,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nathan Shepard,"A short, personal look into the work of a game developer that challenges our assumptions about how works can be interpreted and the inferences we make about the artists."
,Recommended,303210,18325572,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,withoutashirt,"I don't even know how to express what I think about this game after having just finished it. A variety of emotions and experiences, even perhaps a few epiphanies. The only thing I can write definitively for myself, is that it really made me look at games and game design as another personal form of self-expression. I will be paying more attention to the details in games that I play, rather than rushing through and devouring all the content. It will only take 2 hours of your life to complete, like watching a movie, but a little more interactive, and cheaper than going to the cinemas too. If you are the creative type, I would definitely recommend you give this a go!"
76561198150707529,Recommended,303210,18325786,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Barbaenfants,If this is not a momument of gaming i dont' know what is!for me this is the best game i have ever played but at the same time its verry special and differes from anything you have seen!10/10
76561198137752843,Recommended,303210,18325810,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Forsain,Fantastic writing.
76561198078881671,Recommended,303210,18327996,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,mcrist0,"An interesting, informative piece that surprises you with a shotgun blast of vulnerability.  One of the most artistic games I've ever played through."
,Recommended,303210,18328154,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MrMasaru,"One of the most meaningful game I've played so far. It's really hard to describe it, just get it!"
76561198181147629,Recommended,303210,18327633,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,eatingpeaches,"As a creative person myself, this game deeply resonated with me. It had me absolutely in tears at the end. It would be a disservice to anyone who hasn't played the game yet, to say anything more. Just trust me. This game is deeply profound and incredibly moving. One of the best experiences (not just games) I have ever had the fortune to have.Thank you, to both of its developers."
,Recommended,303210,18327919,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Woofgirl99,This game is amazing. Full stop. If you haven't played it yet. Don't contemplate on whether you should. Just buy it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,303210,18327956,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ArmouredGoose,"What an amazing, insightful and inventive game. It's a grand claim but I think this is one of few games that step very, very close to the territory of 'art'.This game takes queues from film, but applies them in a gameplay form and indeed to a form familiar to gamers. It does fall into that category of games in which the focus is not upon the execution (that is to say, the control you have over the game), a genre that I can't say I'm overly fond of, but this enthralled me from the beginning, thanks in most part to the stellar voicework and intruiging designs.Where 'The Stanley Parable', the creators previous work, was humorous and clever; this game is imaginative and emotive. I felt related to what was happenning, my mind began to relate things within the game to my life outside of it something that I think is hard to do without you losing focus. I could empathise with things in this game very strongly. Ultimately you will only get as much out of this game as you are willing to bare to it and bare from it.I think it's hard to really judge a game like this based upon what one would normally review in a video game, I think it requires a more in depth analysis akin to cinema (at least, good cinema). I wish I could do a better job of that here but for now these light hints and true compliments will have to give my opinion.Having just finished it an hour ago (I clocked about 80 minutes from start to finish), I'm still riding the high. This game is so good that I knew I would have to write SOMETHING about it. This game needs to be shown to more people, needs to be given a chance by those who normally wouldn't. I can't spoil anything about the game here and that sounds like such a cop out but you NEED to give this a try; all I can do is give this game my absolute, highest recommendation.4/4 Stars, Absolute Recommendation"
,Recommended,303210,18344243,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bob,I ugh..  wow..
76561198042135544,Recommended,303210,18346673,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Egg Daddy,"Was told to buy it blindly without reading anything up on the game. I usually don't do that, but it was on sale, and one of my favourite experiences was from another one of Wreden's work, so I gave it a go. Do it, just do it."
,Recommended,303210,18346684,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Shrocket,Everyone needs to play this. Its amazing and really deep.
,Recommended,303210,18346720,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,XShrike,It is very light on gameplay and heavily narrative driven.  Thankfully the narrative in both content and preformance makes up for the light gameplay.  It is more like a play that you take part in.
,Recommended,303210,18346809,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,SlackerKite,"I see a few negative reviews here, and I feel the need to talk about why you might not like this game.  If you're more interested in going against the narrator...it's not the game for you.  If you need to believe the box you're placed in to begin with, this is not the game for you either.  This is a walking sim and a highly personal story, given a frame mechanic about being about some unknown game developer named Coda.  To me, the conceit is pointedly thin.  The narrator edits games constantly, and if you know games, you know that you don't...really edit other people's games.  This game is about the narrator, and his understanding of himself and his needs.  Coda, and his games, ultimately, don't matter.  And, yes, people who make games do make games like this...pointless little exercises in understanding, so the games Coda makes aren't the realm of a game someone who makes games to make them happy would make, but that doesn't matter.  This game is definitely a game about feelings, that takes you to a very unexpected place.  It's a very...emotional ride, and at least for me, I didn't see where it was taking me.  I knew from moment one that the narrator was to be questioned.  Is Coda a real person?  What's the narrator's real relationship with Coda?  There's a lot of room for interpretation, but one thing can be certain.  There is something wholey and unmistakingly wrong through the who game, and it's the questions that raises, not the gameplay or the conceit itself that are needed.  You don't have to play The Stanley Parable to play this, and honestly, I wonder if having played that game may take away a bit of the impact of this game as you're already at questions with the narrator and its hallways to begin with.  But, this is a, wholy, beautiful game.  Play it alone, when you have an hour to kill, and a little time to reflect."
,Recommended,303210,18346889,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,elfypooh,"I'll write this while it's fresh in my mind. I've just finished The Beginner's Guide and it's made me pretty emotional; in this sense it's a pretty good game, because it kept me captivated, intrigued and, ultimately, caring for the characters.This is not your usual game, and I would rather describe it as a philosophical interactive walking simulator. However, it is not without merit. Without spoiling too much, it lies juxtaposed to The Stanley Parable, yet connected, which I would rather not give my opinion on lest I spoil it for anyone interested.  The Beginner's Guide doesn't give you what you expected,it rather it gives you something of greater value - of which I cannot say, play for yourself and find out.If you have the patience and the time to give your undivided attention, I'd strongly recommend it."
76561197978025148,Recommended,303210,18346943,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,agt.luka.richter,"Truly the most gripping emotional experience I have ever had with any media, let alone a video game. I felt disgusted with myself for even being a part of it, and I am hoping it's just a story."
76561198039838135,Recommended,303210,18346996,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Spanky,Interactive Digital Poetry. Amazing and wonderful.
76561198018498089,Recommended,303210,18347067,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Pattoriku,Great game. Should only really play if you played/liked Stanley Parable.
,Recommended,303210,18347164,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,RedRiot,I just. what. what the ♥♥♥♥. I have all this feeling. and things. and I DON'T. UNDERSTAND. BUT I DO.
,Recommended,303210,18319888,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Keitho,"Makes you reconsider your life,it really touches your heart..Great game!"
,Recommended,303210,18378245,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Daddy,This game was so inspiring. The game was very unique from beginning to end. Even thought it wasen't a hardcore shooter it keeps the gamers' attention we an insipiring story. I would recommend this to any player. This is a game that must be played if you are a PC Gamer.
76561198075052232,Recommended,303210,18378462,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SanguineCicada,"This is truly one of the most beautiful games I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  I have not played many story-line based walking simulators but I am sure this is going to be one of the best I shall ever run across.  Avoid spoilers. Avoid reviews. Avoid videos. Avoid the topic. Buy the game. Immerse yourself in the story.  Find a deeper meaning for life, insight, and the game."
,Recommended,303210,18378466,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Video Game Knight,"There is not a lot you can say about this game without ruining the atmosphere of playing it without expectations (which I highly suggest). It is a beautiful, thought provoking experience that gives the player an insight into the creation of video games. My main take away from this was not what I learned about the game or its characters but what it told me about myself. Everyone will probably interpret this game differently, I imagine many people won't like it but if you like little thought provoking pieces of interactive art then this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,303210,18374922,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Timebolt,Just play it
,Recommended,303210,18374957,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Wario,"wow, just wow... i dont know how i can describe this game, and if i tryed all it would do is ruin it for you. buy this game."
76561198061815110,Recommended,303210,18375040,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Vyn,"Great Game, i enjoyed it very much, i even cried a little, when... nah, you should better play it for your self to see why it made me cry.in short. i recommend it"
,Recommended,303210,18375098,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,iamleyeti,Wow.Shut up.Play it.Be moved.
,Recommended,303210,18375174,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Maker Of Galaxies,"What an experience. Like the emotions you feel while playing this, it is beyond words."
,Recommended,303210,18375313,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mouse,Deliberate. Personal. Wonderful. Heartfelt. Unclear. Distressing. Video game.
76561198036897862,Recommended,303210,18375340,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Archangel,It... gives me alot to think about. If you feel like going on an adventure... of feels... of a perspective that was hidden between the lines.It only leaves me with more questions than answers.do we really need to?what if I'm seeing things wrong?Does there always need to be a solution?
76561198006501603,Recommended,303210,18375407,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Woolly,"This isn't as much a game as it is an interactive walk through psychology and the human condition.The end was hard as hell to play through and really makes you think and look at games, friends and yourself in a differant light.I realise that this review may sound rather poncey and pretentious so I shall add something imature to off set that.DickbuttThat is all."
,Recommended,303210,18375607,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mattman,After playing this you will be thinking about it for days after questioning it.
76561198032015985,Recommended,303210,18375620,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Harry Freakin Potter,"This game is NOT similiar to the Stanley Parable.It has a very different tone to it, is much more linear and you can not influence the game much.BUTthis game tells a story!Brilliantly written, with ups and downs, plottwists and incredible voice acting.It caputures you from the very beginning and doesn't let you go, keeps you wondering until the very end.If the Stanley Parable was Ice Cream, this game is a delicious Cake. Very different, but equally good or better"
76561198025008695,Recommended,303210,18375651,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Striker,"This is not a game..... This is an experience, a work of art with the strongest message from a 'game' I have ever recived...... I'm not ashamed to say that this acctually made me shed tears."
,Recommended,303210,18375731,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,{OverDrive},Mind blown
,Recommended,303210,18375864,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tyche,This has one of the most best narrative I have seen in awhile! If you are looking for a good cheap game to buy...BUY THIS! It is only 10 USD! Trust me your money will NOT going to waiste!
,Recommended,303210,18375993,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Roe Sham Boe,"my only recommendation is that you stop reading this recommendation, plunk down your 8 bucks (don't buy mcdonalds today), and play this ""game""even if you end up underwhelmed, it will raise questions that aren't usually brough up in traditional ""gaming"", imo, the experience will be worth it.still processing various things, but i did go hunt down some interviews of the creator on youtube and if you do just a little bit of digging, the identities and backstory for the ""game"" become quite clear.excellent humanity simulator10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18376321,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ghooze,"im honestly still struggeling to figure out if this is just scripted or real which makes it realy hard for me to review.if its real, then the narrator did an awesome yet cruel piece of job. if its scripted then its even more awesome and more cruel. it realy gave me the chills at the sometime and made me feel pretty unimportant.if you even the slightest into story telling and psychology, then this is an absolute mus play!"
,Recommended,303210,18377131,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MattyQuigs,"This game... This frigging game... If you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go reevaluate my life. Also, I read a comment saying this is for only game makers, only they will understand. No. I feel this can apply to all artists. Writers, painters, composers, anyone. It's a powerful game."
,Recommended,303210,18377214,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,scytrin,"Literally, can't, even. Wow."
76561198061665256,Recommended,303210,18451376,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,LagDollPhysix,One of the best experiences I've ever had in a game. Davey is a genius. Stanley Parable and now this. He has an amazing talent when it comes to story telling and making you wonder what's coming next. I've never related to a game more in my entire life. I don't care who you are you need to play this game.
76561198084189032,Recommended,303210,18451792,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ABluePenguin,"Play the game, just do it, it gave me minor existential crisis and it was worth it. The amount of power this game has within in is amazing for the time it takes to play through it. When you're done get others to play it then sit back and reflect."
,Recommended,303210,18456054,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Andy,"Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece from start to finish, a frenetic disconnected experience that is wildly unfamiliar yet familiar at the same time, easily relatable, beautifully scored and touching. Worth purchasing at full price for an hour and a half of life affirming philosophical bliss."
76561198111498546,Recommended,303210,18456121,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Måka12514,You did a great job Dave!!!!!
,Recommended,303210,18456236,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,The Z,One of the best interactive stories I've experienced. Highly recommend.
76561198004706326,Recommended,303210,18446384,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Sirideon,THE PLOT TWIST IS REAL
,Recommended,303210,18310460,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ishtmail,"Much like Stanley's Parable, this game is self aware. It breaks the divider between the player and the game world. It's witty and lonely, it's introspective and yet exhibitionist. As a player, you will increasingly feel as if you're invading someone's private space, someone's psyche.Davey Wreden is the Charlie Kaufman of gaming industry. If you've watched and enjoyed movies like Being John Malkovich and Adaptation, then this game is precisely what you need to play right now."
,Recommended,303210,18310561,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,King Baddabing,A walking simulator about how making walking simulators makes you look like a nutjob and also that there's no such thing as valid validation.
,Recommended,303210,18310563,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,gabeygabe,"This is a non-traditional game where you play as yourself as you're shared a story. I clocked 89 minutes before completion, and it's worth it.I can't really tell how much or if any of this is true, which I love. I've never so wanted to be someone who created and told stories."
,Recommended,303210,18310573,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Evie,That was an amazing game!!!
,Recommended,303210,18310686,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,gasmaskangel,"This is the sort of game that many of the so called ""walking simulators"" aspire to be and fall miserably short of. A quick, compelling experience that leaves you thinking."
,Recommended,303210,18310826,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mrlankytoe,"Something about a game where the author talks about games made by someone else who is really him talking about someone talking about their own games, and the tragedy that results in not understanding a thing about himself."
76561197993193233,Recommended,303210,18311078,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gone_And_Happy,"It's definitely an Art. Touchy modern Art.If you understand weird and modern things, you'l like it."
,Recommended,303210,18300553,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,outspan,this is the best game I've played in recent memory
,Recommended,303210,18299556,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,KindaKaiden,"I can't explain this game to you, but...This game hit me in places I didn't think a game would.This game brought me to tears in a way I never thought a game would.And yet, I sat there reflecting about what part of myself was struck.This game I will cherish forever, and I want you to experience this game for yourself. Don't watch someone else play it. Live through this game with your own hands. I promise it will be an eye opening trip."
76561197998634588,Recommended,303210,18300579,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,spoon,Worthy.Don't read anything about it.Just go in blind and experience it.
76561198074901291,Recommended,303210,18300590,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,WilburNosebury,Incredible.
,Recommended,303210,18300602,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,VentSeLeve,"It doesn't matter if you like this game or not. This game is not for you.I relate to everything this game has to offer more than I wish I do.I feel, judging solely on the reviews, that this is a love it or hate it kind of game, much like most games in this vein do. Games like Dear Ester and Gone Home, ""walking simulators"".That I won't delve into, because I know it's a topic that's been beat to death, both sides stubborn in their views.I don't really care about that.What I care about are the following:1) Should this game have been sold for money?Say what you will, but in my eyes, it really comes down to the type of society we live in today. Sure, Stanely Parable was a big hit. But you have to take into account that it was more of a cult hit more than anything else. So, I think that it's fair to come to the conclusion that Davey is probably not riding off a golden river from its profits, so to speak. So what do you do when you want to put a lot of effort into something, something so time consuming as making a game (albiet out of other already made games)? What do you do when you want this piece of work to be spread around? You want it to be talked about- you want the game to be popular by any means: by press, good or bad.I think the easy solution would be to sell it.2) Should Davey had made the game despite Coda's explicit wishes otherwise?I will say first and foremost that as an artist, what you create is like an extension of your being. It is among the most personal and vunerable things you can share with another. It is not unlike putting yourself out on a limb when you ask someone to date you. What Davey did was absolutely wrong. Coda's work is obviously very personal.And yet here I sit, telling you my thoughts on this collection on these secrets that weren't kept.I'll say this: dealing with loss is never easy. Having to still deal with loss after four years is also never easy.I can only imagine that Davey was at his wit's end. He wanted to desperately reach out, still, after all this time. And, it just so happens that he recently had a game success. So, he saw an oppurtunity, and he took it.My initial reaction was that what he did was awful. It was wrong, and this game should have never existed.But then, I put myself in his shoes. I asked myself, would I have taken the risk? Would I have bet it all, just for a slim chance at reconciliation? I, selfishly, would have.But, it doesn't matter if I like this, or what I think of it. The only two people who matter are Davey and Coda.I don't know what will come of this game. I can only hope it is good for the two of them.If you're going through hell, keep going."
,Recommended,303210,18300828,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Syler,Just buy it.
76561198110758883,Recommended,303210,18300946,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kinjo,"It's hard to write a review for this game without spoiling it completely. Just, if you're at a weird point in your life play it, it's totally worth the 10 bucks and an hour and a half of your life. You'll see what I mean when you finish."
,Recommended,303210,18298811,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,lemontime,"This game is intense emotionally. You start out confused, but you slowly begin to understand. However, the more you understand, the less you understand. By the end of the game, you feel sad and hurt, but as contradictory as this sounds, not in a bad way. This game made me really feel things in a way a game has never made me feel. It's gripping and breathtaking. It's immensely true and just beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,18298924,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[ECHO] Ass Crack Bandit,"The characters are great and fleshed out enough to serve the story, but it's the perspective through which the story is revealed that is the games selling point. This game is the perfect companion piece to The Stanley Parable and is definitely worth picking up."
76561198031474895,Recommended,303210,19893432,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Axbix,It made me feel something. I don't remember if there was any other game that has done that to me.
76561198054384503,Not Recommended,303210,19893466,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dottoman,"I understand the message, or the larger artistic and personal points that The Beginner's Guide is trying to make.  The problem is that I can see the seams in the production.  I don't believe that the narrative Davey tells us in the voice over is true.I firmly believe that this game is just an attempt to prod players into asking themselves certain kinds of questions, especially about self-worth.  And for what it's worth, it has succeeded at this goal magnificently going by many of the rave reviews and recommendations it has received.But players who are not prone to navel gazing, who are self-actualized people, are just going to find the game boring and self serving for the creator.  Their most charitable response would be, ""There are problems in life, learn to deal with them and grow up."""
,Recommended,303210,19893567,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ydile,"So, where to start? First things first, this may contain spoilers so read on own risk.This game is not what it seems to be. It's not that, what it's telling you, that it is.This game is not fiction, neither its fact. Everything the narrator is saying to you is true, but everything he's telling you is wrong.It's like someone telling you a story, but he is lying at some points.As I played the game, it start pulling me down into a hole. As I progress and got deeper and deeper in the story, i felt more and more like the narrator, as if I'm the one telling this story. I start carring for Coda. It suckes me into the story, with my heart feeling heavy and my mind on the limit.I hope you can follow me until here.So, that was the situation, and than there is this level. The tower. Without speaking to much about it, just lemme say, it breaks this illusion within the twist. You might think i was suprised, maybe upset, but no, i was just... releasd. No feeling triggerd what so ever. It's like everything is gone without me ever carring for it.Would I recommend this game from my experience? Hard to say, The thumb might look upwards, but there is no neutral option here.Would I play it again, if i knew what awaits me? Yeah, totally, but i would go in with a diffrent perspectiv.Well, thats it, thank you for leaning me an eye. And thank you for reading all of this. Maybe you feel the same way about this game.But I have to say one last thing. Thank you Davey. I wish you the best. Be well.Oh and sorry for my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ english. My parents thought it would be cool to be european..And probaply i shouldn't write reviews at 3 a.m."
,Recommended,303210,19893751,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Artemis,The fact that this comes from the creator of The Stanley Parable should be reason enough to get this. An experience that can't be matched by anything in a AAA game.
,Recommended,303210,19893849,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Thrillhouse,"I really do not know how to put what I felt playing this game into words, but I'll try.It was an insightful joureny that almost any creator of anything can relate to at one level or another and that's whatmakes this game amazingly beautiful. 10/10"
76561197965922649,Recommended,303210,19892074,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,OldNGamer,"It actually had some moments when it just took my breath away. But I do not think this game is for everyone, no, there is some prequisits for liking it, but since I won't spoil I cannot tell you what thoose things are, although I am actually not sure on them, It is one of thoose ""you will know when you play"" like when you know that some songs are just your taste"
,Recommended,303210,19892933,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JimmyD,"After googleing ""coda"" you will see the organization Co-dependants Anonymous, I feel that Davey gave this name to the character because he realizes he is a co-dependant and ""R"" is the first letter of the name of the game maker.I loved this game."
76561198014424691,Recommended,303210,19894986,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tredecim,"After playing this game, I no longer like lampposts."
,Recommended,303210,19895057,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,So Manly,Hrm.
,Recommended,303210,19895138,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dr. Sexy,"This game is less a game, but more a narrative experience that honestly couldn't be told any other way.  Your interaction with the world personalizes the experience in unsettling, and at the same time, enlightening ways.It's hard to say much about it without ruining the importance of personally experiences the game, but I whole-heartedly recommend it.  It's about 1.5 hours long depending on how long you hang onto certain scenarios.Frankly beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,19869276,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CH1LL,Extremely emotional game from start to finish. You can feel the genuine emotion pour out from the narrator and it is both heart-warming and heart-breaking. The levels are simple yet complex in their own deeper meanings. The suprise ending had me in shock and I do truely hope that everything worked out for the narrator.
76561198098657376,Recommended,303210,19868373,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rice Rice Rice,"78 minutes of pressing W and crying my little eyes out. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys tissues,"
,Not Recommended,303210,19889167,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RyoScar,"I really didn't get anything from this game, it's well made and really does try to convey a message, but I've never been in the situations shown in this game. I loved the Stanley Parable, so I bought this on those merits, but I guess lightning didn't strike twice in this regard.Others will probably love this game if they have had the same experiences, but just wasn't for me :)"
,Recommended,303210,18302571,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,☹,This is not the stanly parable. Dont expect the stanly parable.
76561198018657477,Not Recommended,303210,19889547,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jindex,I think I got something different than most people did out of this.
76561197970681453,Recommended,303210,19889998,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tintron,"Game developement is a difficult process. I once tried to delve into it and just couldn't find the patience for it. This game anlyzes the deeper connection that is possible between one and one's game. However the wists and turns delve into self preservation, depression, social anxiety and even Self hatred. What I didn't expect was the small endevors into second handedness ""Sonething which philosophy-wise players will truly appreciate."
,Recommended,303210,19890023,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Easter,"SPOILERS/ PROBABLYI get it. I understand why people say, ""No, don't buy this."" or ""It's just someone else's therapy."" Yes, it is. It was the authors release for what he had done to this person, his way to say sorry. His way to reach out.But it made me feel. It gave me something to understand. It hit home.But, It was worth it to me."
,Recommended,303210,19890237,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Pope Pius XIII,this game is ♥♥♥♥ed
,Recommended,303210,19890446,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DerCed,More an art project than a game. An interesting. short journey.
76561197972372582,Recommended,303210,19887443,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Schmeckling Schmeckler,"Don't read about what it's about.Don't go researching it.It's worth the $6 on sale now, and it's worth the $10 regularly.It's an emotional and existential experience. Go play it."
,Recommended,303210,18370545,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,GeNolWeNol,"If you're expecting Stanley Parable witty banter, walk away.If you're expecting beautiful landscapes a-la Dear Esther, walk away.If you're expecting it emotions-invoking like 9.03m, walk away.With this 'game', it's not how it looks nor how it's being played.It's how you would interpret each and every narrative that's being exposed to you as you progress through the 'game'.It's a 'game' that makes you, quite possibly, uneasy about yourself or someone close to you.And, depending on how you associate things, you'll probably hate the dev himself.But that hate would stem not because the game's bad or that the game's too short, but because it opens a can of worms not at the start, not in the middle...butin the Epilogue part of the game.I did mention it's short, because my play time doesn't really reflect the game's actual length because I had it paused doing something else.The game's length is about 1,5-2 hours at most.Does this 'game' worth its asking price?Hard to say.But I can tell you this:It's worth every minute of your time if you're into social studies, philosophy, and like hearing people telling stories.Definitely not for everyone, not even for walking simulator aficionados...yet this 'game' welcomes everyone who wants to (try to) understand it.And spoiling part of the plot, needless to say, reduces the game's worth next to nothing.If you're interested in the slightest in this game, don't watch LPs (Let's Plays) nor touch the forums.Just don't."
,Recommended,303210,18371155,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,kyris,"There may or may not be spoilers in this review, so proceed with caution.First, I want to make it clear that this isn't a ""game"", it's a ""walking simulator"", a ""interactive story"" perhaps..with varying degrees of interactivity. It's an ""experience"", but it is not in any sense of the word, a game. There is no GAME to it. But this should be expected from the creators previous work, Stanley Parable, which is similarly not a game. If this bothers you, then I'd suggest not purchasing it.Another thing that may or may not irritate people is the length, I finished the experience in about an hour and a half, I say this not because I am in anyway dissatisfied with the product but because I know people who would be..and ultimately that's what reviews should be about, is it not? helping consumers make informed decisions about their purchase so that can be confident and happy with their purchases.As for the story itself, it's hard to really say much about it without spoiling it for you...this is a story for content creators, it's a story for game developers, writers, musicians, filmmakers. Anyone can enjoy...hah, ""enjoy"", right...I'll get to that in just a bit..Anyone can appreciate it, but as a writer myself the story did hit me pretty hard.Which, that said. I wouldn't reccomend this...experience...to people who think video games or movies are something to have a good time with. If you stick to games that are only fun for funs sake..avoid this, please, because I assure you it is not for you. This isn't fun or enjoyable in the traditional sense.It's..relateable, on many levels. Saying it's 'deep"" or ""touching"" would just sound pretentious and would do the story a disservice but it did speak to me on a very real level.This certainly isn't for everybody, but if it is for you, if you even think it might be, I do hope as many people as possible give it a chance."
,Recommended,303210,18371232,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,crsthebored2,"I don't think anyone can truly describe what this game is about and what it conveys, and I think that is what makes this special,"
76561198131779967,Recommended,303210,18369282,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Erifion,I recommend this game though it is not the type for impatient people who don't like deep thoughts
,Recommended,303210,18369563,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Chatterwell,"If you're reading this review-TURN BACK NOW! DON'T RISK ANY SPOLIERS!THIS IS A GAME YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO RUIN!GO IN TO THIS GAME BLIND! GO GO GO!RUN AND DON'T LOOK BACK!10/10, Would let it destroy me morally a second time."
,Recommended,303210,18369580,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,JakoOfficial,This game.. This Story.. This.. this............It..it's..it is..good.. beautiful.. amazing.....
,Recommended,303210,18369878,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Bob | lukee910,"Don't buy this as a game. It's a movie like experience, I've got no clue how to feel about it. If you're that kind of person, get a few hankies for the last chapters...I hope this story will end well."
76561198073286662,Recommended,303210,18371245,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Malevolent Cloud,To play this game would be sommething that someone would hate but one person needs
76561198045470710,Recommended,303210,18371502,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Professor Daddy,I cried. I can't reccomend enough. Through anothers experience you can learn an important lesson.
,Recommended,303210,18371562,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Man With Van,"There is nothing I can say about this game other than just play it, it is a unique experience!"
,Recommended,303210,18366083,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Daminam,This experience went in a completely different direction than I thought it was going! It was very interesting until the end.
76561197995123213,Recommended,303210,18366233,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MrPink,"one of the best i have ever playedi think its all about you and what you think and feal in this ""game"". Its not pretty, but its does what it wants to do really good. i thought about the ""game"" more then i thought about any other game and i played Bioshock ;-)So no more infos needed, buy, sit back, finish it in one go and have fun. oh wait fun is the wrong word here...."
,Recommended,303210,18366517,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ggCakey,Oh my god wait does this review make me a monster?
76561198038686125,Recommended,303210,18366696,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,incblob,"The term ""Walking Simulator"" does apply, but it's the best WS i've ever enjoyed. I would recommend you take the 1-1.5 hours to finish it in one sitting."
76561197975376805,Recommended,303210,18361006,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,z0mbiebanana,"This is just inspiring for training devs like me to see video games in such an amazing angle. It is so artistic and clever. Please coda, you need to continue making games. you need to play this to understand this guys amazing mind."
,Recommended,303210,18361075,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,The Last Hop,wow.....really....wowI've just finished playing through this game after buying it because I loved the stanley parable and couldn't wait to play something similiar. THIS IS NOT SIMILAR. But it is an incredible game as it makes you truly feel emotional after playing and I simply cannot recommend this game enough. DO NOT WATCH ANY VIDEOS ON THIS GAME.....all it will do is spoil your enjoyment of itHope this comment helps and the positive review helps with the reformation
76561198009878112,Recommended,303210,18318808,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rethren,"I'm not normally one to write reviews, but this was beautiful. It can be watched, realistically. It's not something that necessarily NEEDS to be played to have the message conveyed, but... I don't feel like just watching it will truly relay the emotions put into it. I've seen some reviews online and at least one said ""you always know what's coming"" and sure, maybe to some degree I did. But that doesn't change the impact. It's a hauntingly beautiful experience that made me stop a few times and reflect upon my own life. I started out laughing, and I finished it with tears in my eyes.Absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,18318917,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kevphill,Never have I had a more visceral reaction to a piece of art. If you have two hours & an open mind please take the time to play this
76561198069091888,Recommended,303210,18318983,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DangerHeart,"Not the stanly parable but equally thought provoking as long as u dont get angry when the answers aren't there and turn into a bitter person on the internet. Theres also a wonderfull ambiguidy thats impossible to wrap ur brain around, and it could literlly have u thinking about it for the rest of ur life"
,Recommended,303210,18319025,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Wingnut,"Incredible.  Extremely thought provoking, and very much worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,303210,18319146,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ryro,"Pretty good game that's not really a game, what it lacks in mechanics and gameplay it makes up for with a rich story and evolving narrative. The game takes less than 2 hours to play, but the message it leaves behind will probably stay with you forever."
,Recommended,303210,18317069,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"Not sure if ""Exit at the Gift Shop"" levels of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... but compeling anyway (sorry, haven't finished it (I am connected to the internet))."
76561198077784896,Recommended,303210,18294564,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hydro,"The Beginners Guide Review:It's really hard to review this one, you need to experience it yourself without any spoilers to feel understand what its about.I'll say this, its really intriguing documentary-style game/experience/story about a boy named coda who designs video games. Each game he makes you get to experience and they get stranger and stranger as you go on, you get know him and his mind better without actually meeting this guy, to the point where coda tries to communicate messages to the player through the games he makes.If you played the Stanley Parable its from the same guy so you know its going to get really really weird. A fantastic experience that last about an hour and a half but is well worth it as it digs in some really deep personal issues. It at times it can really hit home even for a short amount of time. This one really breaks the forth wall and breaks it powerfully.8/10"
,Recommended,303210,18294575,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,QUEER MAGGOT THE RAPPER,"Very powerful game, I strongly recommend you don't read anything about it and go in blind."
,Recommended,303210,18294526,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,boi,"More interesting than enjoyable. I'd say it's still worth it, but I'd also say a majority of people (even those who enjoyed Stanley Parable) wouldn't say it's worth it. It's not funny, but I don't think that matters.[Spoilers]I'd say it's an interesting take on how people who can't be alone perceive people who want to be alone. The extrovert narrator doesn't understand how some people (Coda) can be without a human ballfence. Even in the end it seems he believes all he wants to do is say he's sorry, but it seems more like he wants to be forgiven regardless of the effects on the person he wants to be forgiven by. Or at least he does not see that in the act of contacting Coda he has once again done the same thing as before. Coda is not only annoyed that the narrator has called him depressed, but also because he even showed the games off.But that might just say more about me than the game."
,Recommended,303210,18294738,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,GloryFish,"I had a great time with this game. It tells a personal story through the lens of game development but the meat of the story is relevant to more than just the subject matter.I left the game still thinking about many oo the ideas and how my own experiences fit in with them. I highly recommend this to anyone interested in games as art, the artistic process in general, and how human relationships come in to play.It is a short game but in a way that doesn't feel too thin, rather the game respects the player's time."
,Recommended,303210,18294934,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,fatpat2009,"first review from a random watching my stream when the credits rolled: ""looks like an uninstall simulator""GR8 B8 M8 I R8 8/8Anyways, if you like The Stanley Parable you will almost undoubtedly love this game. It may not have the replayability of Stanley (but i havent tried yet, just doesnt seem to be any choices to make that would cause the story to change) but it tells an incredibly touching and deep story that many of us can relate to. This game really gives you a glimpse into the artistic process of game development and how they can be used to express ones emotions or feeling. As you play you can almost feel the life experiences that Coda was going through. At times it can really hit home when you see the discusions that take place inside these games that were ment for nobody but him.If you are the kind of person, like me, that enjoys this kind of game, you cannot pass this one up. you will regret it!"
76561197971164646,Recommended,303210,18293640,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gozney,"Gave me chills. Resonated strongly with me, as it seems to with most, and does so in a well paced build of realisations. Closer to something like the film Sans Soleil or book Pale Fire than any other game, including The Stanley Parable, but the way it's told wouldn't be possible in any format other than a game. Surprising how something so simple in design can feel so rich."
,Recommended,303210,18293749,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Blyr,"This has impacted me in a way that almost no other game has been able to yet. I started crying at one point, not because of how sad I felt, but because I was just overwhelmed with emotion.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18293811,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Obamacare,"This game is an essential to better understanding the realtionship between art and spectator. Telling any more about the game would harm your enjoyment of the play, I encourage this game to anybody."
,Recommended,303210,18293893,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LaserLama,This kind of stories makes u think. That's the best kind of stories.
76561198008521240,Recommended,303210,18373088,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Moist Succulent Pyro,"If you are the type of person that believe games be something more then entertainment, then why haven't you bought this yet. most beutiful game of 2015."
,Recommended,303210,18373169,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Deligoth,"A strange game, as is to be expected from the creator of The Stanley Parable. The Beginner's guide is very unlike any other game I've played before (including The Stanley Parable) and while it's not really ""fun"", it is an experience that I can recommend, especially if you want something completely new and/or like games about games. If you want a comparison it's kiiinda like The Stanley Parable without humor. The game takes about an hour and a half and should be completed in one sitting. Also, try not to read much about the game before playing it. Definitely do not regret buying."
76561198039710294,Recommended,303210,18373455,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kagstrom2100,"Such a great story, but as many others have already said, this is not a game for people who play games becuase they are fun. This is more a game for people who like a good story, or like to try something diffrent.Anyways I really hope to see more from this guy soon!"
,Recommended,303210,18373511,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Bones6101,"This is an incredible game, this is the best told stories I have ever heard and I definatly think everyone should buy this game. It makes you feel horrible and amazing and the narative of the whole game is done to perfection. Definatly recomended"
,Recommended,303210,18373754,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dirty Casual,Not really sure what to put here but it's definitely different and seriously amazing
76561198061891669,Recommended,303210,18373840,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,pergov,"This game it's so artsy and post modern that I expected it to be overly pretentious. But it's not. It's beautiful, touching and turned me into an emotional mess."
,Recommended,303210,18373888,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,vido.ardes,"There are only 2 things you need to know going into this:1. Make sure you can play it in 1 sitting, you will need approx. 1 - 2 hours2. Know nothing more about it than point 1This isn't a 'fun' game, it ins't an exciting game... I'm not even sure it's a game.Just play it, it'll make you think."
,Recommended,303210,18373902,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jackald,"If you enjoy deep introspection and walking simulators, this game is for you. You won't find any of the wit or comedy of Stanley Parable, nor a deep and engaging gameplay system here, so it's pretty much just got its story and its message.And I mean that. If you enjoy metaphors and picking things apart and being ""deep"" (or dare I say it, pretentious) then this game is for you. It's made for you. It's made with you in mind. I can't say much more than that without spoiling things.Personally, I felt a little annoyed by the game, it was slow and I felt like I did little more than hold W for most of it. I could have done with a bit more engagement as a player, have the games actually involve games in them instead of just occasional dialogue trees, but that's arguably got a lot to do with the point the game is putting across. I'm glad this game exists, and if it was a penny more than £6, i'd say it was a waste of money, but for £5.59, it's an interesting oddity. I just hope Davey's next game has a bit more fun to it.On the more brass tack side of things, the graphics are kind of barren and spartan, though there are some visually interesting elements, the voice acting is pretty good, but it just doesn't feel quite as polished as Stanley Parable. The game uses the Portal 2 Source engine's teleportation thingy (I forget what it's called) to make impossible spaces a lot, and it uses it to great effect, but you're not going to get much in the way of exciting and breathtaking visuals in this game (Though there are some pretty cool moments.)At its short completion length (really, I beat the game I promise), I can just barely recommend this game, but only at its low price and only if you really like this sort of thing. I'm excited to see what comes in the future, and I don't think this is a bad game; it's certainly an interesting one, but just not quite what I really wanted from a game like this."
76561198078779782,Recommended,303210,18373914,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Lancelot,"If you can do this game in one sitting, without ANYONE telling you ANYTHING, the only thing that says something about the game without spoiling it is the trailer, you'll just have to go along."
,Recommended,303210,18373982,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,de|Eenhoorn,"I've never felt so uneasy playing a game.I can't say anything other than that without ruining it for you, though.9/10, would definitely recommend if you don't mind not having fun."
,Recommended,303210,18445175,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Paarl,damm feels
,Recommended,303210,18445398,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,God Morgon,This♥♥♥♥♥♥will ♥♥♥♥ you up.10/10
,Recommended,303210,18445631,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Crimson Ghoul,"I forgot to pack my lunch, I wasn't prepared for this feels trip."
,Recommended,303210,18299399,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,wolfleben,This was a powerful and amazing experience. Words fail to describe what it is like.
,Recommended,303210,18299405,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,1helios1,"I don't know exactly what to say about this game. I literally just finished it, and it has not all sunk in yet, but I feel the need to say something. It's special. More than a couple times it took my breath away. I highly recommend taking a couple hours, alone, and playing it."
,Recommended,303210,18299501,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Knave,"This game interested me, and if that's all you need to get you off the fence, feel free to stop reading here, as many are of the opinion that you should experience this game ""cold"". If you want me to elaborate, read on, and I shall try not to be too revealing.The Beginner's Guide is a game that encourages interpretation while containing a central message that runs counter to that idea. It makes a statement on how people perceive each other, why people make art, and how art can be used. It's a personal narrative under the conceit of being, largely, a comment on someone else's work. It brings up the idea of whether a game should be ""playable"". It's a narrative and a meta-narrative and a statement on both.If some of that sounds interesting to you, and if being interested for 90 minutes and then lost in thought for some hours after justifies the price tag for you, I absolutely recommend The Beginner's Guide."
,Recommended,303210,18298034,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Frosnite,"Intense, unique, personal, don't read/watch anything about it, just play it! Can't recommend enough for Game Devs out there!"
,Recommended,303210,18298068,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hippo,One of the best games i have ever played. The feeling you get. Can't describe it.
,Recommended,303210,18298153,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,NorthernLion,Loved this game really got me to think.
76561198034419607,Recommended,303210,18298430,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Addison,"I don't really know what this is or how much truth there is to it, but I've never had a video game make me cry before now."
76561197998530873,Recommended,303210,18298458,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Reanu Keeves,"This game was such an emotional journey. Some of the best wrtiing I've had the pleasure of experiencing, and by far one of the few games I've felt a genuine emotional connection with."
,Recommended,303210,18298463,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Diffusi0n,"Dont know if its really a ""good"" game per say, but after the 90 minute story, it will make you ponder a lot of things. A wonderful discussion piece if anything."
76561198029726600,Recommended,303210,18298488,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Torvendis,I don't really know what to say
76561197971075438,Recommended,303210,18298580,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,::1/128,This games is what story-telling games wish they could be.
,Recommended,303210,18298695,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Natulyre,I felt ashamed and depressed by the end of the game.
,Recommended,303210,18289052,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DayDreamer,This is a must play narrative game
,Recommended,303210,18289232,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,French Fries With Mayonaise,"This is not a game about game design.This is not a game about creators.This is not a game about why we play games.This is a game about human emotions.Do yourself a favor, buy this game, drop any preconcieved notions you may have about this game, and play it."
,Recommended,303210,18289308,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,The Root Of All Evil,"A passionate look into the making of video-games. Not for everyone, but for everyone who lives to create."
,Recommended,303210,18289389,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,RicRaw,All i can say is PLAY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,303210,18289441,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,DapperJabber,"A game about why we make games.About why games are made.Despite being nothing more than an interactive art exibit,  what makes this such a charming ride and worth the cost is that it has something that very few games released do. A real human experience.And that hour and a half of gameplay is more moving and captivating that a hundred games I've played this year."
,Recommended,303210,18289475,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,evilhead,"It was different from what I expected, although I'm not sure what I expected.For the price it was more than ok. I've blown 9 euros for way worse movies (and the length was similar as well)."
,Recommended,303210,18289584,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,cjacobwade,I've spent more time thinking about this game than playing it. It's a very worthwhile and contemplative game.
76561198005968785,Recommended,303210,18289663,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,hurricaneSlider,"An interesting game. I'm still processing.It managed to make me temporarily an emotional wreck, so +1 for that.As a designer, it made me question many of my assumptions about my and other's relationships to their work.I'd highly recommend playing. It is one of those games which like the stanley parable, might not be to everyone's taste, but it has the quality of expading the frontiers of the art. I imagine The Beginner's Guide will certainly be influential in the future."
,Recommended,303210,18309148,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Krobe,"The Beginner's Guide has probably changed the way I will look at games forever. This is all I can probably say about it without spoilers, but if you have a little extra cash laying around and you enjoy a good story, I would definitely recommend it. It really moved me personally, and had a few good references to ways of dealing with depression and anxiety and things like that. It is a very different style of game, but that does not make it bad."
,Recommended,303210,18309464,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,luciuskwok,"It's a storytelling game, in the sense that you would play it for the story, not to solve puzzles. I think there's only one puzzle in the entire game, and used several times as part of the story. The game also pokes fun at some common tropes in games, such as an arbitrary labyrinth, often found in early 3D games.There are choices, but do the choices really matter when the narrator is in charge of the story? Can we trust the narrator?  It's a metanarrative story. It's about playing games, making games, and bridging the gap between game makers and game players. That's what I liked about it. The only thing I didn't like is that after about an hour of playing the 3D levels, I felt a bit dizzy and sick. Overall I thought it was an excellent story and a pretty good game, and shows how playing a game can immerse you and involve you in a story the way just reading about it or watching a movie doesn't."
76561198025262033,Recommended,303210,18309516,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Who-Qui?,What a beautiful game this is....
,Recommended,303210,18304682,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,glorfindelHakan,One of the best experiences I've had. I second one of the reviews here that this game reaches gamedevs a lot more than other. We all are kind of introvert and a little isolated I guess.
,Recommended,303210,18304788,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sikamikanico,"My thoughts on the game without spoilers - and a twitch run through for those who want to watch it.If you can afford this, pick it up - it's excellent.http://bestgameever.co.uk/2015/10/03/the-beginners-guide/"
76561198072850099,Recommended,303210,18304834,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CLOD,"Yeah, definitley not Stanley Parable 2. But certainly interesting in it's own ways. Even if the larger story left me a little unsatisfied, the way Davey interpreted and looked at the symbolism in the games was definitley food for thought."
76561198074019068,Recommended,303210,18304913,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,XGonGiveItToYa,Super interesting game.  Just started and have made a walkthrough so if you want to see some gameplay before you buy here you go.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtuhXcy992Q&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,303210,18305420,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,stinnno,"♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome, but only if you're into this sort of thing"
76561198048732402,Recommended,303210,18305827,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kachompsky,"“Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.” - Joyce CarolNever before has a game, be it AAA or Indie, made me feel as emotional as this one has. From what I can tell, the experience the narrator went through was 100% genuine, and I could sense that even reccounting it made him feel emotional.Not much replayability (It is taking you on a tour, after all), but if you have the money to spare and want to be submerged into the mind and creative view of an amazing but deeply troubled games designer, then The Beginner's Guide is for you."
76561198114764280,Recommended,303210,18315546,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,clivemeister,"A Masterpiece.There is nothing like this. An insight into human thoughts, emotions, prisons and mantras. An incredible language created to understand the self, that shows what true nightmares are made of.It is an experience like no other. If you want to take the time to understand human developement, human pain and a man's coping mechanism, this is for you. Dive into someone's saddened soul to learn what other's go through."
,Recommended,303210,18315813,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EnduringBeta,"This game strikes a nerve. It dives into the mind of the creator of the many worlds you explore throughout the experience, narrated by the collector of these games, who is the creator of The Stanley Parable.The games you play, big and small, are imaginative, beautiful, and intimate. They're experimental, unusual, and heavily metaphorical. The player begins to know the creator of these games after spending time with them.So much of this experience needs to be left for the player to have firsthand. I highly recommend this game if you think about the creative process or what motivates you. I will say that to get the most impact from it you may want to be familiar with The Stanley Parable, not for any concrete gameplay purpose, but to understand the narrative.The game goes beyond what you might expect, exploring emotional depths that left me pondering quietly for quite some time. It has a message, or at least raises questions, that I believe we all relate to.It's important. It's valuable. Play it."
76561198103661184,Recommended,303210,18315835,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,the.pony.bandit,"I knew from having played The Stanley Parable that The Beginner's Guide was going to be a unique experience. What I didn't suspect was how touching and humane an experience it would be. This is the type of experience that drives home just how acutely unique a platform video games are. The Beginner's Guide is the kind of game you're going to want to tell everyone about, gamer or otherwise.Not to be missed."
,Recommended,303210,18315959,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Slowbro,"You know, I imagine when Andy Warhol was a creator of art and released his Campbell's Soup Can piece in 1962 which was at the time a statement of how art in a capitalist society was becoming utilitarian, people who were in the know of the art movement were very divided about how they felt about it, just as how people are now divided over The Beginner’s Guide.I thought for sure that Final Fantasy XV demo was going to be the weirdest thing I would have played all year but Davey Wreden of The Stanley Parable fame had to go and stealth release a game on steam.I remember a bit in the Stanley Parable where the narrator, I think in a trailer or maybe, asks rather sarcastically “can games be considered art?” which was kind of the whole theme of the Stanley Parable where he was just kind of poking fun at these questions and exploring them a bit from a comedic angle and now having played The Beginner’s Guide a lot of that now seems pretty defensive, like Davey himself was making a joke about it because  he didn’t really feel comfortable about his own work, which is kind of sobering.Which goes back to the campbells soup can thing. I think the utilitarian view of games, the review and press culture that hypes up games of being a certain gameplay hours per dollar ratio and lists features of the game like one would review a car or a mattress, is a large force behind the creation and releasing of this game. I think he feels like his games which are kind of these viewed as these “pretentious artsy fartsy walking sims” by many gamers really gets to Davey. I think he worries that people will think of him as a guy who makes weird games for the sake of being weird and that people will not understand his motivations.I do genuinely think he is trying to push the medium forward, but after the Stanley Parable and after the critical acclaim it got from game critics, I don’t think he knows how. So now we have this which is sort of like an extremely personal, to the point of discomfort, cautionary tale for creators about the struggle with being recognized for your creativity.And I really mean discomfort because while the game really did make me have a long hard think, it also was not an entirely always pleasant experience which is obviously the point, but I can really see people being turned off by it.I’m still going to recommend the game even though I don’t know how exactly I feel about it because I think this is probably one of the most interesting games released this year. So if what I just wrote sounds like artsy fartsy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to you then yeah don’t buy it, but if you played and enjoyed the Stanley Parable or are a content creator yourself then I would say this is worth a look. But, this is also the first time I wish Steam had a neutral, in between, option for its user reviews, because that is closer to how I felt. Some of the negative reviews I’ve seen people put up I actually agree with in some respects. It’s a polarizing experience which might be all the more reason why it’s worth giving a look because that’s often what some of the most memorable art does."
76561198006569500,Recommended,303210,18315978,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,thunter90,This game is going to take you on a very personal and deeply relatable trip. I highly recomend it.
,Recommended,303210,18316012,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Afforess,This space wasintentionallyleft blank.
,Recommended,303210,18316038,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BadgerParade UK,"Amazing, and I'm only a short way into it. Similar in many ways to Stanley, it's a game of exploration and surprises. A review I read said the various levels were slow and rough-looking but I love their abstract nature, the sudden switches of environment and the use of space. It's by turns fascinating, funny, intriguing and even a little scary. Anyone interested in games, game development or design will enjoy it."
,Recommended,303210,18316043,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Blockbuster Guy,"So, I'm going to stray from the usual review format here. Now, I don't usually post reviews on Steam. I only really post reviews when I find a game that if somebody asked me what was one of my favourite games of all time is, it would be in the list. That may be just me and how I personally feel about the game, but to me, this game is absolutely spectacular. I'm going to hope now that this is the first review that you've bumped into and that you've only seen the trailer and some screenshots. Great. Now, I want to ask you to do something. Or, rather not to do it. Please do not look at any walkthroughs of this game! Do not MAKE any walkthroughs of this game! This is purely a game that should be experienced one on one with the narrator. Now that we're done with that, don't scroll down to read anymore reviews. You should scroll back up and click the buy button. I'm just gonna end this review now."
,Recommended,303210,18316117,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,McNally,"Destroyed my heart, 10/10."
76561197993527051,Recommended,303210,18316122,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ntrophi,"It's less of a game and more of an experience. It's short, yet powerful, and 24 hours after completing it, I still can't really get it out of my head."
76561198146302097,Recommended,303210,18316232,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DrizzLo,This game is a masterpiece.To those of you that are seeking to interpret it: were you even paying attention?
,Recommended,303210,18316263,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Natbud,Excellent - i liked the Stanley Parable and i loved this.
,Recommended,303210,18314915,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kennyplusone,A beautiful and thought provoking game. Do yourself a favor and don't look at any more reviews as they may spoil some of the mystery.
,Recommended,303210,18315155,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Aboy007,"At first, I was skeptical about this game. I was asking myself, ""Is it worth it?"", ""Would this be a good spending of my time?""I looked at reviews and decided ""Why not?""PlotThe game description is pretty vague, but the story is about someone the narrator met. The person he met made games, and the narrator plays them. I won't go further becuase spoilers. The levels pictured in the screenshots are all there.The Essential QuestionAfter playing this game, I was sooo overcomed with emotions, on how related I felt to the person the narrator was talking about, that I wanted everyone to see this. And to help the narrator with his goal. If you don't know what I mean, play the game.To be clear: Get the game"
,Recommended,303210,18315332,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,kykcuk,Masterpiece. I'm not alone f***ed up this way after all. Definitely a piece of art.
,Recommended,303210,18315382,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Woji,An interesting story of both life and creativity in general.
,Recommended,303210,18315401,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bradlynn,"Holy ♥♥♥♥... I need to be alone after this one..Before I do that, I have a few things for you:1) GRAB THIS GAME2) Spare a couple of good hours of your life.3) Make yourself comfortable.4) Play it in one sitting.5) You will NEVER feel the same from the beginning of this game and the end."
76561197996184319,Recommended,303210,18313316,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Seiai,Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,18313346,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,nuk3nin,"I must have finished this game in around two hours, but I'm still thinking about it. And I think I might be doing that for a while.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,303210,18313368,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mattmacks,"As a software developer myself, and going through some existential struggles on my own, I was deeply moved by the story. I truly wonder about the ""meta-ness"" of this game. Is it based, too a degree, on a real story? Is it an actual cry for help (or attention)? I am not sure. But I think about it and I think about what it means. I think I am too impatient or too close-minded to fully understand it myself, other than that it makes me sad and actually think about myself and my own situation. But maybe that's the whole point..."
,Recommended,303210,18283648,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ruben,"Captivating, beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,18297287,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Wrecki,"Spent $8 on an interactive Feel-Trip.Movie theater costs more, meh, why not.Not sure what to expect....I dont know what do with these feels.10/10."
76561198015549981,Recommended,303210,18297311,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,HappyCamper,"If you like feels you should try it.""Lie down. Try not to feels. Feels a lot."""
,Recommended,303210,18297325,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yossarian,"1.5 hours exactly, and no replayability... but a charming title nonetheless. If you liked gone home or the stanley parable, odds are you'll like this one as well. That said, it doesn't have the same impact as either, and while the emotions were strong and the story interesting, it was... really short on actual gameplay. And the approach to the game as a 'museum walkthrough' of sorts does make it a lot less interesting to physically play as practically anything else, anywhere.It makes up for it in writing, absolutely. But as someone who for the most part believes that a game shouldn't cost more than a dollar for every hour of content, the Beginner's Guide falls clearly short. Get it if you like artistic games, or wait for a sale... you won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18297429,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,odinsfire,"Simultaneously made me rethink most of my life, and left me feeling depressed and lost. im gonna go call my family now."
,Recommended,303210,18297432,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SolaceIke,"Oh my good, this is imposibly amazing, just buy it you won't regret it."
,Recommended,303210,18297488,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,FLFL KoiKois,This is good.I would say more but this is best just experienced.
,Recommended,303210,18297555,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jking47,"I just finished the game 30 seconds ago, and it was great. Well, great feels like a weird way to describe it. Beautfiul maybe?  It is a game that deserves to be played."
76561198130495758,Recommended,303210,18297659,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,sizzlesazz,"Just play it. Don't watch anything, don't read about it, don't even watch the trailer, just play."
76561198042117660,Recommended,303210,18297712,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,martsham,"Its wonderful, thoughtful and personally I found it deeply resonated with me.I don't know how to even begin to describe what this game is. Even if I could it would most certainly alter or influence the experience of anyone who reads this recommendation.I'm not even sure what would classify as a spoiler with this game.What I can say is if you're against ""walking simulators"" then this isn't the game for you. Its only about 90 minutes long and I don't think I'll ever play it again, but I'm thoroughly glad with the experience I've had with Beginner's Guide.This game is holds out its hand and offers to take you on a journey.Take a chance. You won't regret it."
76561198027700437,Recommended,303210,18297769,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Woba_,You just have to experience it.
76561198090606732,Recommended,303210,18297911,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lonestop,"*Feelings about the game, spoilers avoided*Leaving this game I have both a small amount of respect and hatred for Davey. I won't go into detail, besides that this is a very true story, because it would result in spoilers. It is, in my opinion, a very good emotional artistic piece (Not a game) that did not need to cost as much as it does. That being said, i still recomend it because it is very good artistically and,  partially, I wish Davey luck.*SPOILERS (Kinda)*For the REAL Creator of these games, Coda; I wish you even more luck and am sorry Davey did this."
76561198025337752,Recommended,303210,18297948,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Thefriendzoni,"Simpy put, It's a experience to play once and well, the best way to describe it is that it's a journey of self awareness and hitting to you those feelings. Simply play it blindly and you'll see why it's loved."
76561198029027430,Recommended,303210,18296641,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,arbitraryArtisan,"Much like the Stanley Parable, I can't recommend this enough if you're a creator of any sort. As long as you're on-board with the type of game this is, I think you'll enjoy. If this is the sort of thing you're interested in, don't read or watch anything before going in. Just go in blind.If you're NOT a fan of these types of games, this won't be for you."
,Recommended,303210,18296683,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Saucepain,"This game is a genuine work of art. While it is a similar format to The Stanley Parable, the premise is taken in a wholly different direction to create one of the few games to bring a tear to my eye. Though it is a narrative-driven ""story-style"" game, I highly recommend you take the time to play it purely for the wonderful experience."
,Recommended,303210,18296778,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Kerbal Rocketry,"Soo good, Do not read full reviews as you really need to play with no preconceived ideas other than it's Nothing like stanley parable."
,Recommended,303210,18312593,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Nalex (ナレクス),"There are a large amount of negative reviews complaining about how this game is too short. I think this game was just long enough to leave the player feeling something, rather than making them wish that the game would just end already. The Beginner's Guide was great and possibly the most profound game I've ever played. I was able to closely relate to what the the game was trying to say and I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,303210,18312599,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sugar Crash,"First thing's first - This is not The Stanley Parable 2.  That's hopefully apparent by the trailer for the game, but in case it's not, it's worth mentioning.  Wrenden's storytelling style is still present here, and it won't feel entirely unfamiliar, but if you come into this expecting the same level of dark humor and branching pathways, you may come out of it disappointed.The Beginner's Guide is, I guess, what can be described as a more ""standard"" example of the ""Walking Simulator"" genre, and if you have strong opinions on the genre one way or the other, you should already know what you're getting here.  This is akin to a guided tour through a museum exhibit, and if that sort of thing turns you off, you're not likely to find much enjoyment here.That said, if that is the sort of thing you're open to, The Beginner's Guide is incredibly well presented and paced, and (in my opinion) incredibly effective as a piece of art.  To say too much about it would be to rob it of some of its value, but it is the kind of thing that, if you're affected by this sort of thing, will likely sit with you long after you've reached the end.Davey's narration and commentary, I think, is what really makes this game work.  The conversational tone of the commentary gives enough of a casual feeling that it comes off as him trying to have a conversation with you as the player, and I think that honestly makes all the difference here.  His cutting at just the right points adds enough of a personal humanizing touch to the experience to what could otherwise easily have wound up feeling a little too weird, stuffy, or pretentious.The game is short - you can easily do everything in one sitting in about an hour or so, and the replayability is entirely up to whether or not you're the kind of person who sees any value in re-experiencing something a second time with added context.  You're not going to find any alternate endings here, but this might be the kind of game worth playing twice for certain people.  But even with that in mind, this is several hours worth of playtime at best, so if that's the sort of thing you like to take into account while looking at the price tag, it's worth mentioning.As for me, I absolutely got my money's worth out of this, and I'd love to see more like this from Wrenden in the future.  I'd definitely rank it on the higher end of the genre.  I'd recommend it to anyone who finds the the premise even a little interesting... but they should also understand what it is they're getting going into it.The Beginner's Guide isn't for everybody.  But for the people it is for, it's extremely good."
76561197967251101,Recommended,303210,18312750,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Molay,"I don't know how I feel about the game. I guess it was interesting to have played it?One thing I do know for sure: Don't go in expecting to find anything similar to The Stanley Parable.There is no witty humor to find here, this game is another beast.Anyways, you might find it interesting nonetheless.I guess this review is not very helpful?"
,Recommended,303210,18312809,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Adek,This game definitely is worth the time and money.
76561198040972509,Recommended,303210,18312834,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Thunder God Cid,"Definitely not a game for anyone that hasn't enjoyed a walking simulator yet... But it's still a compelling experience, and a compelling story, which remains relatable to a wide variety of people."
76561198030136048,Recommended,303210,18312836,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Viking Blonde,"This is an incredibly powerful game that will resonate with anyone creative, but games industy people will probably be hit the hardest.Fair warning, you may need a pint after finishing this. Or a hug. Or Both."
76561198060447664,Recommended,303210,18312882,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dewey25,"This was one of the most moving games I have ever played in my life, the contrasting emotions that this game made me feel was the most awe inspiring thing I have experienced in a while. Without spoiling anything, this game is a tale of a reclucive devoliper (Cota) and his fight with deppression and lonelyness. Although not told from his perspective, and instead being narated by the voice of the man behind the stanley parable, one of the only people to ever play his games. Along with this natation, there is snippets from every game that Cota had ever made.A must play for people who like a good story."
,Recommended,303210,18312921,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BionicDerp,"It will make you feel many things, mostly pain."
,Recommended,303210,18312979,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mr.analog,"This was a very powerful experience, it has left me with a lot to think about, especially feeling trapped inside a creative treadmill at times.This was a journey"
,Recommended,303210,18313202,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,d00d3n,"This plays like a game version of a documentary depicting a conflict between two persons, such as The King of Kong. It is a pretty interesting concept, considering that the game is really about the internal intellectual struggle when trying to make a game (presumably based on experiences from the creators). The game doesn't overstay its welcome like The Stanley Parable did, which is a good thing. The game comes highly recommended."
,Recommended,303210,18313228,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,TheHealer,"This is a very niche 'game' and as a developer the entire narrative spoke to me. However as a gamer, and going into this as blind as possible because of Parable, I was extremely disappointed.I won't get a refund because the effort was appreciated but, again, as a gamer I won't be able to blindly trust anything from Davey anymore.This software product really makes me wish there was a 'Meh' button between 'Yes' and 'No'. I'll click Yes because it's an interesting peek into the life of two developers but this decision wins out by only a small margin."
76561198089139133,Recommended,303210,18307565,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gregwam,"Spent 5 minutes cralwing up stairs for no reason, without having to. 10/10"
76561198049317876,Recommended,303210,18307749,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Dr Batman,"If you're looking for the same kind of head trip The Stanley Parable gave you, you'll be getting a lot more than that from this game.Initially while going through this, as it took me gradually deeper into Coda's problems and such, all I thought was that all of the chaos depicted, all of the seperate games that deal with the same heart of the issue, that depict the same thing, all of these share an element, and that if with just a little more colaboration and creative thought, parts from each game can be taken and melded together, be it concepts or actual gameplay, to form a deeply elaborate story type game that inevitably leads the player into a lot of introspection.Little did I know that I was already playing that!This felt like a bit of a rough draft for something that could be much bigger. It has a lot of potential still.But even in this state, it was beautiful, the narration was perfect as always, and clearly necessary.It's a bit hard to know how to recommend it and to who, the element of surprise is necessary.. If I knew what it was I don't think I would have bought it, but after going through it... I'm definitely glad I went through that experience in a way.Just know that you're not going through the regular motions of a video game when you play this. The point of this isn't every action you make nor the narrative, it's experiencing the whole game and the culmination of all its events and dialogue, and how they imprint on you."
,Recommended,303210,18307929,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MF1,What is this - Half-quake Amen with an actual conscience?
76561198041050223,Recommended,303210,18308046,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Monkeyboymojo,amazing
,Recommended,303210,18308138,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES,Not what you think it is...
,Recommended,303210,18308142,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Yorkshire Gamer,"I'm sat here after finishing this game trying to find the point of it, maybe I'll never get it in the end, but I'm compelled not to stop trying."
,Recommended,303210,18316967,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Blissful6393,Simply Amazing. Unlike the Stanley Parable but also very similar. It breaks conventional thought and makes the player really ponder outside of what any other game has done for me in the past. Highly Recommended.
,Recommended,303210,18317088,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Irwin126,"This game or shoud i say pack of games are,well, a repestation of artno purpos,and its mess of a game,in a good wayIt makes you feal,A must play,but if you can not afford it,watch somone play it,then buy it for you.It's worth it"
,Recommended,303210,18313797,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Spookars,"9.5/10*WARNING*This game is really sad and is a true story.This game gives you an emotional experience like no other.  It makes you truly feel the pain that the dev felt and same with the narrator.  It's not just another ""walking sim"" it tells a true story about friendship and loss and makes you feel as if you are reading a really good book.  Not a lot of games can offer that.Note Davey:I'm truly sorry for what happened with you and Coda.  If he does chose to talk to you again I think it would be best if you give the profits of this game to him and take the game down from Steam.  I know I'm just one person and I don't know either of you, but it just doesn't seem right to do this since you did go against his wishes by putting this on Steam."
,Recommended,303210,18313867,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ξ chimp1nski,Literally the best psychotherapy I have ever had!This is strong.
,Recommended,303210,18313915,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,apracticalman,"This is beautiful. This game is poetry. Playing it felt almost like a violation, like I was learning things I hadn't earned knowledge of about a person I'd never met. And yet I felt as though I loved this person, and pitied him, and felt sadness as he felt sadness and joy when he felt joy. At times I couldn't breathe from terrible anxiety and at others I cried fbecause I felt inner peace. This game is an experience and it touched me to my very core. I was going to do some work but I think I just need to lie down for the next couple hours to contemplate my life."
76561198041622229,Recommended,303210,18313936,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SGT. Sawhammer,made me cry more than clannad afterstory 8/8
76561198079548827,Recommended,303210,18314005,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Vassal of Hassle,I felt... something
,Recommended,303210,18334374,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Admiral Snackbar,"Not as big a fan of this compared to the Stanley Parable, but that's not to say this doesn't hold it's own. The concept is very original and the presentation is excellently done. Davey Wreden, both the narrator and creator of this game, comes off as a little self indulgent, but he does a pretty good job of laying the stories framework in a way that kept me engaged.It could of been more as some people have been saying, but it's one piece of Davey Wreden's innovative story catalogue and a fitting one at best. Whether you identify with the story completely or take pieces of it to apply to your own life, I think anyone above 17 can apply something of this story to their own lives that makes the game do it's intended objective.With the games I hope he will create in the future, I wouldn't call this essential, but it's definitely a great entry in his soon-to-be list of work."
76561198030929132,Recommended,303210,18334432,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,JAKEYJAKEYJAKE,Just play it. Don't try to find out what it is about.
,Recommended,303210,18334443,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SethRandom,"I don't know what to think about this ""game"". It make and sad and makes me thinks. It's not what i expected and play this first before going and watching someone else play it you will have a different view. Is this real?"
,Recommended,303210,18334583,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sceotere,"The game is a deep exploration into a creator's mind. The gameplay is in a way, the opposite of what The Stanley Parable had. Nevertheless, you keep going through the game until you've reached the end. It was a very satisfying experience for me, and I do think many others will think so too."
,Recommended,303210,18334625,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,luke911able,A game about deep reflecion that will♥♥♥♥♥♥your heart and pillage your mind.
,Recommended,303210,18334639,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,tman1015,I have never experienced a game like this before. The pure emotion I felt was riveting. I cant wrap my head around how amazing this experience was. Thank you. And I hope you become friends again. Listen you didnt fail theres still a chance to salvage. So take that chance.
76561198046826532,Recommended,303210,18334726,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ZacharyZiggurat,This game was not made for me.
76561198029301498,Recommended,303210,18333721,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,freakdog2010,"I'm not really sure how I feel about what I just experienced, and I kind of think that's the point of the thing. I'm unsure of whether or not I can really recommend this ""game"", but I'll just leave it to the audience to take from the journey what they will. I just completed this game and am really still taking the whole thing in."
,Recommended,303210,18333730,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kebabalicious,"This was very hevy and thought worthy as it progressed near the end. I enjoyed this very much, and it left me to think and question things. It's complex but in a wonderful way."
,Recommended,303210,18333783,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SirTerning,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game or... thing moved me in a way I did not expect. I just went into it after seeing it was from the creator of Stanley Parable, guessing it was something along the lines of that but... I was wrong, oh boy was I wrong. I don't recommend it for its gameplay, mechanics or graphics because they do not matter here since it is all about telling a story, a very interesting story too if I might say so.If you have an hour and a half to spare then give this a try or just watch a walktrough (Note: Try to watch one with nobody narrating over it since that will destroy some of the story telling)."
76561198023710840,Recommended,303210,18333743,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Rat Whisperer {null},"How rare it is to find so clear a window into another person's mind.It is honest, thought-provoking, enligthening, artistic and profoundly relateable. Small genius; the ultimate and inevitable result of a volatile and intense chemistry between two creators.What else can be said? I tried writing more, but the entirety of this game was, for me, one of those experiences that words can't do justice.Just play it. Find two hours in your schedule, then play it."
76561198055483475,Recommended,303210,18333856,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheGrems,"This is the greatest game I have ever played. This is a work of art, and if what was said is true, I hope this works out. Thank you."
,Recommended,303210,18333994,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ASPePeX,"I watched a full playthough of this befor I bought it. I did so because I want to support stuff like this.You might not even wanna call this a game, it is a more or less interactive, narrative experience."
,Recommended,303210,18334187,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,KatImAKittyKatAndIDanceDanceDanc,"Watch it, play it, whatever. Just give it the hour and a half of time it deserves if only to give you some food for thought."
,Recommended,303210,18332275,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Buried,"I'm a bit torn.On one hand I felt compelled and intrigued most of the way through, but on the other hand the game lacked the impact and interactive elements that The Stanley Parable had. The payoff at the end felt severely lacking and I kind of saw the 'twist' (of course there is one) coming. The emotional weight of the story didn't really hit me very hard, which was surprising to me, since I very much identify with the problems being portrayed.There's absolutely NO meaningful interaction in this game, whereas with The Stanley Parable - even if it was merely the illusion of choice, there was still some value in going different paths.I did notice some glitches along the way that had me restarting a level once (I actually thought it was done on purpose for a few seconds), which is kind of shocking, considering the deliberately low quality level design.Overall I enjoyed my few hours with it (it's about 2 hours long). If you have money to spare and you enjoy pressing W (sometimes S) while taking in absurd scenery, listening to a story you have no control over, I'd say give this a go. If, however, you haven't played The Stanley Parable, that is a much better and more interesting game in this genre, and you can safely give this one a pass."
,Recommended,303210,18332311,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Locus,"As a huge fan of the Stanley Parable, I bought this game sight unseen and went in completely blind. At its base, it's somewhat similar to Stanley Parable in that there's a narrator and you generally just walk around without much interaction. Its tone is quite different though along with the story it tells. Without spoiling too much, it deals with game design, the creative process and concomittant anxiety, depression, addiction and other themes.It's very short but well worth it. I left the game somewhat unsettled but it was a valuable experience. I've been thinking about it ever since I finished it and it's rare for me to be so affected by a game especially after it's done. If you're not a fan of so-called ""walking simulators"" then I'd give The Beginner's Guide a pass but if you like an interesting story told through narration then go ahead."
,Recommended,303210,18332386,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Obsessive,Fantastic.
,Recommended,303210,18331981,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,[A MEX] El Burrito,"I don't know whether to recommend this or not. It really struck me in a way that I find confusing and I wasn't expecting. If you do play this, make sure you go into it cold, without any spoilers!If you don't like it, it runs at less than 2 hours so you can freely refund it if you feel the need."
,Recommended,303210,18332475,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Shenka,"I didn't know what to expect from this game. Having played The Stanely Parable briefly, I kind of shrugged this game off. After all, the first game failed to entertain me. None the less, I bought this game after watching the trailer for the first time.I had a few pre-conceived notions about the game having read some reviews before playing it. By the end, I felt as though I was let down. Like I had wasted eight dollars.It took me a little bit to let everything settle in. Once I started reflecting on the game, I realized just how powerful the story really was. It's something that I will likely reflect on through a great deal of decisions in my life. It's something that I'm glad I found."
,Recommended,303210,18332487,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kiteymckitekite,Wow. This game was an experience I won't forget for a while. Just make sure not to see any spoilers before playing ;)
,Recommended,303210,18324863,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Salamicrow,"Like visiting an art gallery you will not like every picture, so neither will you like every walking simulator. I loved Stanley Parable, enjoyed Ethan Carter, was OK with Rapture and hated Gone Home. Your choices may be different. I also enjoyed this and it made me think about it for a couple of hours after and read some of the community discussion (and write a rare review). But it takes less than 2 hours so you can get a refund."
,Recommended,303210,18332929,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,FassQi,"When you know this game from [Davey Wreden].probably,actually,totally--------you won't want any GAME in here.(enjoy it(at the End, it is amazing.(10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18332930,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The Bee's Elbows,Play it.It was about:Just play the game.You should know nothing.You shouldn't even be reading this review.
76561198070456795,Recommended,303210,18332935,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MrTopHatMan,"Bricks, They`re so heavy and make me so sad"
76561198048977583,Recommended,303210,18329898,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Fksock,Just experience it.
,Recommended,303210,18329980,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,HedonistOgre,"If you've played The Stanley Parable, Gone Home, or any of the 'Walking Simulators' out there, you should really play this. It's not the best of them, and maybe not even the same as them. This is a game that asks a question of it's players... about it's own existence."
,Recommended,303210,18330021,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Thunder Vonbadass,"Turns out its NOTHING like The Stanley Parable (though this is not a negative)I would put this more in the category of ""interactive movie"" than video gamebut still... dem feelsTruly beautiful game overall"
,Recommended,303210,18565155,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Thumbass,"This game makes you think about the way of life, it's awesome but emotional."
76561197970491524,Not Recommended,303210,18565395,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Cryonic,I really wanted to like this game and in some ways I did. Unfortunately I wasn’t able to buy into the narrative and simply took the games for what they were rather than some window into the ephemeral centre of the universe. Perhaps the meaning in lost on me. I give this game a thumbs down not because it’s a bad piece of work but instead the fact that it doesn’t hold any meaning or enjoyment for me.
,Recommended,303210,18599802,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fenrir,wow. this game. holy hell this game man.
76561198136921033,Not Recommended,303210,18600642,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dB48,"If you are expecting The Stanley Parable level of surprise and thoughtfulness you will be sorely dissapointed. The Beginner's Guide is really its own thing and has a very specific point to make that's may not touch a nerve with most gamers. The game is very short and has absolutely no replay value, its a one-off expiriance that may connect with some and leave a big part of the audience cold. Try it when its +50% off."
,Recommended,303210,18558833,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Martians,Art. This game or story or whatever you want to call is art. It is a philosophical masterpiece that will rope you in and tell the story of a man and his games told by the great Davey Wreden. A game so smart that it does not to tell you too much of the relationship between Corda and Davey or too much about the man Corda and by doing this in the end it makes you wonder if it is a tale of fact or fiction. If I were to tell anymore of the game then I would rob you of the wonderful experience that you get from The Beginner's Guide. I will say that this game will give you about 1-1.5 hours of ''game'' time but if you are not interested in games that concentrate more on story rather than gameplay then I do not reccomend this game to you.
76561198108911736,Recommended,303210,18575245,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sound Whore,"This game needs to be played in one sitting. I dont care if you have to pee, if u have to eat, if u have to sleep, study, practice, go, or anything else. Dont start this game without having 2 hours to sit down and play; it wont have the same effect if you dont. This game is good, its not Satire like Stanley's Parable, but it makes you think. I think this is my new favorite game and I have a feeling that nothing will be able to replace this anytime soon. Its one of those things that you just have to experience to be considered  good, well rounded gamer ... like half-life. Well, maybe its not quite like that but I think that this game will be good for you; not only as a gamer, but as a person."
76561198092777718,Not Recommended,303210,18570761,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ShowNoMERCY,"my main problem with this game is that it is just... boring i get a couple of games in and i just want to get to the next game, its a game formula i dont like, and yes i know their is a big thing at the end but i watched that and honestly, in my opinion, their is no point to playing this game, when you can just watch it, because there is no real gameplay aspects which make me want to play the game, and thats my problem with a lot of games, they are very story driven and because of this i feel their is no real point in playing them if i just want story, although thats just my opinion, other people prefer to actually experience storys and thats fine its just i dont have a real reason to play this game because the gameplay is just... dull, if im honest the main reason i bought this game was because i loved the stanley parable and wanted to see what other work he has made but this game just isnt my thing, and that is why i do not recommend this game for people who just want to see story. edit: forgot to mention, the main problem here is that you play this game for around an hour to two hours just to get to the actual big thing at the end and then... thats it, there is no real gameplay just story..."
,Recommended,303210,18573730,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Kelloggs Khan,Is this relateable to anyoneelse?
,Recommended,303210,18573838,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,[TMM] - Nasenbluten,"This is a very thought out and well made game,The narration is nice and fluent, clearly handled professionally.The graphics are pretty neat for the source engine, allthough you can see the source engine sticking out its blocky behaviour sometimes.The plot of this game is,hard to grasp. Even the fanbase itself isn't sure.And no this isn't some ""Game Theory"" Stuff, or Yume Nikki stuff where everything you have are just Theories and interpretations, there just might be something bigger going on with this plot than just the whole ingame thing.But enough about that- plot wise this game has a clear and normally structured narrative, that is if you only consider the story thats being given to you.I won't dive into spoiler territory here, just play it and you will know what I mean.This game might be boring for you, which is fine.Most of this game is just seeing everything detailed out, with you being put in to experience the little ""Games"" there are.It's probably not a fun ride, but it sure is a very atmospheric and powerful one.It's beautiful and I recommend giving it a shot."
76561197995040938,Recommended,303210,18574683,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Satanic I Swede #Clumsy,This game punched me right in the feels.
76561198076353025,Recommended,303210,18574628,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MrLine /*Mikado*/,"I just finished playing this game for 2 hours straight and I can definitely recommend it.It's an amazing game with simple gameplay and environments that could be taken right out of a dream.Everything starts out simple enough with a narrator telling you a little about himself and a friend of his, but once you get further in you realise there's more to it than meets the eye. The game delivers a message about what it means to be a game developer. I genuinely felled creeped out, uncomfortable during some parts of this game, and that unsettling sensation is exactly what the developers were striving for. The music also really adds to the immersion.All in all, just buy it, play it and experience it. You won't be dissapointed. Worst case scenario you tried something different."
76561198206392181,Recommended,303210,18576336,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Cartereck,"This game is the saddest, most real thing I have ever played. I literally was moved to tears. I'm not going to say anything about the story, but, just get the game. Also, I want to find out what  happened to Coda."
,Recommended,303210,18576521,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,curt,"Just finished this game. This is a game that has given me emotions I've never felt. Normally not into the artsy-fartsy stuff but this is deranged, disturbing yet oddly and warmly heart-felt. Never had a game leave me speechless."
,Recommended,303210,18301504,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,takua108,"So this game is getting a lot of negative reviews now.I completely understand why.If you've played it, and have a negative opinion of it, read what I wrotehere. That link contains spoilers; do not read it if you are already sold on this game and plan to get it for yourself. If you're on the fence, maybe it might convince you? It will definitely spoil a potentially powerful moment, though.I've never had a game, or any work of media, change my life quite like this game. I'm not exaggerating. I played through TBG last night, and spent the entire time between then and now thinking about my entire life leading up to this point.I know this sounds like something that some kind of hyper-ironic hipster would say about a video game. I honestly mean it very sincerely.I don't want to say more because it could potentially rob an incredibly powerful emotional experience from those who would benefit from it.If you're a creator, especially a creator of video games, and you've struggled with depression, anxiety, imposter syndrome, or many other mental and emotional issues... this game is for you.I uh, don't know what else to say. I have a lot to think about.★★★★★"
,Recommended,303210,18602123,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Torpornought,This is worth $10 and 2 hours of your time. It's an experience you won't forget.
,Recommended,303210,18583156,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DKWinty,"Like every other review says: just go for it. Don't read anything about it just play it and find out yourself. Typing out anything about this game would ruin it.I enjoyed every minute of it, and I'm glad I stumbled upon this game."
76561197965583985,Recommended,303210,18583354,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tenka,"Look, just play the damn thing okay? You will be happy you did."
,Recommended,303210,18580589,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Slith,This made me feel some feelings I have never felt before.
76561198148069798,Recommended,303210,18579633,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,yummiest_richard,Buy now. Read later.
76561198053581962,Recommended,303210,18580117,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rassilon,"Good quick game, it made me feel things"
,Recommended,303210,18385044,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BronzeNut,"This is the most uncomfortable i've felt after playing any game.Highly recommend it, I think"
,Recommended,303210,18385131,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,LIL_NAZ,I'm left speechless after this game... I cannot say anything more then to get this game & to not watch any gameplay of it. Davey Wreden makes one of the most powerful games I’ve played.
,Recommended,303210,18385436,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nimja,"It is a narritive, linear game.It evokes emotion. Beautifully and artfully.Is the story real?Is Coda real?Are games art? This one is."
,Recommended,303210,18385558,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Mutantoe,I have no words for this game. Just go and play it right now. Stop whatever you're doing and go and play it. I can't even call it a work of art because that's not what it is...It is simply brilliant.
76561198109815449,Recommended,303210,18385646,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,solomspd,"i..i'm iat as loss for words....its just...wow, you have to try it yourself to understand"
,Recommended,303210,18384390,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,põhjamaade boi,Can't reload your weapon but decent narrative.
,Recommended,303210,18384481,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"I don't know how to sum the Beginner's guide up, it hit on a lot of notes for me and some of them feel bad reflecting on them.For some people this game gives you a perspective on things while others will just dismiss it as ""college art ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ etc"" and I think it's up to the person on what they want to take away from this game.I don't want to spoil it really, just go play it for yourself and make your own mind up. It is an experence you should play at least once~"
76561198024209968,Recommended,303210,18384747,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,JollyWatson,"This game truly is an emotional journy and I would highly reccomend it. It not only makes you think about who the person who made the games is, but also the developer and most of all yourself. There is a lesson to be learned and it will open your eyes. Perhaps not, but for me it really made me think about a lot."
76561198088234977,Recommended,303210,18383529,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,EpicSamurai,"I dont want to say anything about what is in this game, im just going to tell you this is something you need to experiance."
,Recommended,303210,18383846,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,IntensityThe1st,"So this game was made to say ""he's sorry"" to his friend. hopefully his played his of this game or games and foorgives him"
,Recommended,303210,18383924,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,B A L Z E E,it made me feel sad about myself :(
76561197999246919,Recommended,303210,18384124,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,xrnibor,"Who ever you are, what ever you belive: play this game."
,Recommended,303210,18385733,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Chrizie,"Do not watch the trailer, it's crap. Don't be distracted by the crap title. Don't expect the Stanley Parable, this is not the same. Don't read reviews on the story, they're♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game if you have no interest in the development of video games, you'll hate it. Just experience it. Stop reading this review and go play, see what it's about."
76561198216404452,Recommended,303210,18385797,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,There Be Dragons,"All I can say is PLAY THIS.Actually I can say more.  Game is about 1.5 to 2 hours as advertised.  It breaks up easily so you don't have to do the whole thing in one swell foop, but it was hard to get away from.  By the end I had theories on theories upon hypthesis on top of rumors - but it wa excellent to play.  Pay attention and take your time, the game isn't the game, the narration is the experience.What?Either way, 10/10 recommended."
76561198066241254,Recommended,303210,18385822,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shock Jockey,"This game makes you look at yourself than other people which is very thought provoking. I don't think one single game in the span of only 2 hours has made me think, feel, and act in a whole new way. When the creator of the Stanely Parable showed us his friends work when people say video games are pieces of art this is the exact way I try to explain to people, but words cannont describe how amazing this is. This is one game where everyone is going to have there own perspective on. Looking back on my past I could see myself as the friend and Creator. Even while writing this review I can't get the most  basic of thoughts out of my head such as the walking backwards at the beging of the game. Davey Wreden made me feel just the way he felt and listening to this game and playing was one of the reasons I love video games. I would love to the creator of the old games continue his work. 10/10 I'll be playing this multiple times!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198106271693,Recommended,303210,18385897,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shizen Jōnetsu,"Very emotional game,my eyes teared up when I was getting to the end...I just hope Coda will see this game and accept your apolagie."
,Recommended,303210,18385963,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,KC T,"Wow, I don't even know what to say. I guess it just makes you think.Highly recommended."
76561198151972436,Recommended,303210,18386072,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Uncle You Never Wanted,"A simply mesmerizing experience... brilliant, just brilliant. You will find this game is more than meets the eye...I apologize that this isn't very in-depth, but you really just need to experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18386102,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nyhaalm,"Personally i think this is the best game ever!I can relate alot to it, and it litterally made me cry, both sad and happy tears.I give The Beginners Guide a million stars!!"
76561198105673304,Recommended,303210,18386110,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,scarecr0w169,"This game was almost a religious experience. If these reviews ever somehow make it to davey, or anyone close to him, give him a hug for me"
,Recommended,303210,19708743,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bela9a,I don't know what I played...
76561198040773396,Recommended,303210,19709905,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sarkoth,This... this was an amazing game that had me tearing up during parts and gasping at the end. It was so beautifully done.
76561198048126094,Recommended,303210,19723363,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lights_Silverstone,"Everyone should play this game at least once, and cry everytime."
76561197991954066,Recommended,303210,19732183,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Josh,A sad yet brilliant story that makes you question your grip on reality....a real mind f*ck :)
,Recommended,303210,19746084,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Christo1811,"I just finished my playthrough, and I can't really express how I feel about this game - especially not without spoilers.'The Beginner's Guide' is masterful. An interesting concept executed with precision, with a genuinely affecting ending. It is the perfect length for its premise. Long enough to get you invested, to hook you in, but not so long that it out stays its welcome.There is no longer a need to debate about whether games are art. This is art."
76561198125117306,Recommended,303210,19786121,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,chow_yun_brent,Exquisite
,Recommended,303210,19786998,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JERKSON,This is the best game i have ever played. It made me cry.
76561198001272623,Recommended,303210,19787267,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sageillumini,10/10.
76561197969817070,Recommended,303210,20359938,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,maxdest,"Interesting, which is better than 95% of AAA releases these days.More of a interactive experiance than a game though"
,Recommended,303210,20362338,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pubbles.,Beyond words. I just.. I felt empty after playing this. Genuinely empty. Depression-style. This game was just amazing.10/10 would cry to again.
,Not Recommended,303210,20364258,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[D*P] DrummerGH79,"The Stanley Parable was excellent and very creative. This game is full of dark, depressing, self-pity. Save an hour of your life. Avoid this. Replay the Stanley Parable instead."
,Recommended,303210,20380381,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,LURCh,"A wonderful narrative, both touching, and heartbreaking."
,Recommended,303210,20382564,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Large Leader,"A thought-provoking foray into the process of designing and creating. If you're a creator, I recommend picking this one up. If you make video games, absolutely go and play this game."
,Recommended,303210,20384420,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ShadowSpear1011,$9.99 worth of tears
,Recommended,303210,20339456,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jobexi,"This is an extremely beautiful and profound journey in the heart and soul of a real human being. In fact, it might be a journey into You. I know it was a journey into Me."
,Not Recommended,303210,20346701,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SecretsofManna,"I don't think I could recommend or not recommend this game to someone without knowing them. It's not bad or underserving of attention. In fact, I can see how it would be very moving for some, especially those with a creative mind. Maybe that's the key to enjoying it?I've struggled with a lot of the themes of the game myself, but I didn't feel particularly moved or affected. I would have been fine never playing the game at all, in fact.In short, I related most to the subject of the story rather than the protagonist: bored and mildly annoyed."
,Recommended,303210,20348807,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,loli vomit,"you weren't supposed to see that, Davey. but he knew you would pry. he tried to protect you. you could't let it go. now you know the truth."
,Recommended,303210,20349926,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jay,An experience much like the Stanley Parable that begins to become spoiled as soon as you start describing it. What I will say is that it is an experience that will hopefully open up your mind and change the way you see art.
,Not Recommended,303210,20386860,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sululu,"I think it was overall an okay experience. However there isn't any choice or variation in the story; there also isn't different playstyles to the game, it's comparable to watching a movie with a predictable resolution. If you really want a good narrative experience, then play The Stanley Parable or the new, free game by CrowsCrowsCrows.Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,303210,20387260,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,gunsage,"I can't explain the game, for if I did, you wouldn't buy it.  It's not a game.  It IS an incredible story."
,Recommended,303210,20390406,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,KingofMinds,"Similar to Thomas was Alone and The Stanley Parable, this game unwittingly burrows into your soul and refuses to let go long after you finish. Do not look anything up about this game. Play it and experience it.And don't worry, if you don't understand it, it's okay."
,Recommended,303210,20391020,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hammernose,"I would recommend this game the same way I would recommend watching Breaking Bad. I really don't want to tell you anything about it, all I can say is, JUST PLAY IT. You will not regret it, because even if you hate it, it is an experience you will not have had otherwise. It isn't a game, it is a story, and a story you need to know."
76561198109181565,Recommended,303210,20391025,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Psirrus,"The best way I can sum up this game is that it is a puddle that you don't have any idea how deep it will be until you take your first few steps...It isn't much of a game in the normal sense, both in that it is very short and you don't actually do much.As a narrative work though it is fairly impressive and an excellent example that video games can be as much art as any other media. Beyond that it is something that will stick with you long after you are done playing. It is rare that a game makes me feel emotional, and this game did for almost half of it and most of that are the type of emotions that I would have trouble putting into words and if I tried to it might diminish the experience somewhat.I both doubly recommend and/or recommend extreme caution if you or someone you are close to suffers from anxiety or depression or creative block or anything along those lines. It will likely  make it resonate all the more powerfully, which may or may not be a good thing."
,Recommended,303210,20387726,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,~| Mare S.Ephemeral |~,I just played this game... And it's just something amazing.... I played a lot of vids in my life... And i'm sure i never played anything like this. 10/10
76561198026915715,Recommended,303210,20388542,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,NamTekcor,"A touch light on ""gameplay"" this game is ALL story and it is done exceedingly well in a way that only a game can. I absolutely recommend playing it if you have any interest in story-driven video games. I cannot praise it enough for being emotionally moving and compelling, so go play it already!"
,Recommended,303210,30677089,Posted: 22 March,all,Mr.Krydd,Wow! I can only say this. This is by far one the most wonderful and touching games I have played. Ever. If you ever get a chance to play it you should! This game is an experience which you just relive forever when it comes to  games.I really want to thank the creator of this game for such an experience. It was really worth the money and to be honest I think this game deserves to cost more.Thank you for one of the best experiences I have ever got.Sincerly Yours Andreas
76561198042442132,Recommended,303210,20389373,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Azeraph,"I really dont' know how to describe this game, and normally I would put a review like 10/10 would lamppost again. But that just does not feel right to put on a game like this. If you want to know what this game is like, then buy it, play it, and learn from it."
,Recommended,303210,20371483,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sphenix,"This game was literally amazing. Extremely powerful and emotional.I've typed down four reviews and removed every single one, left with this. The end of this game left me looking at a small CPU monitor on my keyboard, just watching it for about five minutes motionless.Tear count: About 58"
,Recommended,303210,20133476,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gengar,This game has a good story
76561198051440614,Recommended,303210,20173727,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KillerG,"A generally well made and thought provoking game that delivers well on most fronts. While a bit expensive for what is 90 mins of gameplay tops, it is game really worth getting on sale (if you don't mind games being a bit pretentious)"
76561198004975431,Recommended,303210,20172437,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Suddo,"Almost like a movie more than a game. I only played for 90 minutes (comleting the game) and I don't know if I'll play it anymore. But its great, really interesting."
,Recommended,303210,18284725,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,abinormalish,Play it
76561198088461433,Recommended,303210,18284774,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Inbreadsandwitch,I have no words for how this game made me feel...
,Recommended,303210,18284783,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zhane,"Amazing narrative experience. Don't go into it looking for another Stanley Parable, this is completely different, and just as wonderful but in a very, very different way."
,Recommended,303210,18284819,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jessticy,"I'm remember back in high school getting in an argument with my English teacher about the nature of video games. He saw them has a trival passtime, I saw them as a valid form of expression. It wasn't until this game until I fully realized that I may have been right."
,Recommended,303210,18284852,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zomg!,This is touching.
,Recommended,303210,18284882,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dohmy,"I hesitate to even write a review for this game.  I don't want to turn anyone off of it, because it is very much worth playing.If it even slightly looks like it would interest you, then make sure you play it.But what you get out of the game depends on what you project into it.  After I started playing it and started to understand what it was talking about, I was hoping it would do one thing, a thing I felt like I needed it to do even though there was no reason for it to do it, but it ended up doing something else.  And that's okay."
,Recommended,303210,18284935,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,WastedDakotan,"I've started this review quite a few times, I can't quite find the words for it. I love this game, and I hate it. I've definitely connected more with this than any novel or movie or video game I've experienced before.Massive spoilers down below.I found myself connecting with the Davey's interpretation of Coda, and when he discovered his interpretation was flawed, I realized that who I was really connecting with was Davey. I arrived at his conclusions, infered what he infered, and I almost hate myself for playing the game. This game is beautiful. And haunting. And I don't know what to feel. I feel chastised but also validated? Which is the whole ♥♥♥♥ing deal with the ending. So I feel guilty for feeling validated. Goddamn this game is a mind♥♥♥♥, emotion-wise. It makes me want to create but it almost feels sacrilegious to do so in light of the story and theme. So I don't know what to think, but I do know that i'm recommending it. I'm sharing it. Against Coda's wishes, because I too feel the need to be validated."
,Recommended,303210,18284951,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Javyer,"This isn't a ""fun"" game. You won't have fun at all. You will have emotions.All I can say to Davey Wreden is:Thank you"
76561198048553853,Recommended,303210,18284956,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gen_kazzum,"I well... this is. it is everything it says it is, then it is not anything at all what it is protrayed to be at all."
,Recommended,303210,18285001,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,purrplefairycatz,"This game will either bore or amaze you. Truly, it can't be classified as a game so much as an experience so if you are looking for traditional gaming mechanics, this may not be for you. Despite that, this will stay with me for a long time and I completely recomend it."
,Recommended,303210,18285017,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,patsul12,"There isn't much that can be said about this game without spoiling it. But i would recommend anyone give it a playthrough. It touches on a lot of very personal issues that i think a lot of us, especially in the gaming community face. I found myself making personal connections to the struggles of a creative process, friendship, and relationships throughout the game. It made me think, it made me feel. Just give it a try, worth every second of its short playthrough."
76561198004671144,Recommended,303210,18284939,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dominus,"Um... I don't know.This experience (it's not a game, per se) reveals so much, while showing so little.Coda, I don't know if you'll ever see this, but it's not all Davey's fault.  I deal with this too, on a lesser scale.  When I write, I constantly fear how my work will be percieved by those who see it.  It causes me to scrap idea after idea, all to keep my sanity in check.  Even when I do publish something (I dabble in fan fictions, so quite minor), every negative comment against my work hits me like a blow to the chest.But, you know what?  I keep pushing, striving to make each word count, no matter the opposition.  Davey put your work out for his colleagues to give input on to help you (and himself) understand the impact your works give when you look past the thin outer shell.  Now, he is in the wrong for doing it without your permission, but he is asking for forgiveness.Look, I guess what I'm trying to say is, give it another chance, let the possible negativity roll upon you like waves on a shore, and mold yourself stronger with each pass.Oh, and Davey?  Don't you dare take the money from this and run.  If you get back with Coda, He gets every cent."
,Recommended,303210,18285043,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mecha Tofu Pirate,It's so good but I don't know what to say about it without spoiling it. If you're interested in experiencing a story being told in a way that is only possible through games then you should check out The Beginner's Guide.
76561198065210442,Recommended,303210,18285072,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,shadiestundra5,"This game was mind blowing, some people might call it thought changing, but it was truly a work of art. I hope Codah understands what you need."
76561198025729145,Recommended,303210,18285087,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zerox10145,"I'm not sure if i would call this a game as more as an art piece that tries to make you feel and think. Is that bad? Not at all. this is art that chooses an interactive medium to deliver its message, to bring you along to make you part of it is a good time and a mind screw too. Or i just totally missed the point and talking out my rear either way i had fun with it."
,Recommended,303210,18285108,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NilPixelCount,"Such an intimate and emotional experience. Only 1.5 hours, but it eases you into one of the most intense games I've ever played so gently, you just can't stop when it becomes too much. Play it. It aches, but it's a good ache."
,Recommended,303210,18285109,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,rad-dragon.com,"This is one of the realest things I have felt from any peice of media in a long time, and I'm just generally over emotional.  The beginner's guide is game everyone should play.  Anyone that has ever been creative, anyone that has ever had a confusing friend, everyone.  It says a lot in 90 minutes. 10/10 would feels again"
,Recommended,303210,18335699,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lunal,"TLDR: If you like the Stanley Parable, if you are up for an emotional journey, don't read anything else. No more reviews, watch no videos, get this game. Just walk, click, and experience. I am rambling so hard cause I just, I have so many emotions right now.I don't know what to say about this game. I don't have words for it. The best I can describe it is the feeling I got during the final scene, the relief and emotional release I felt as I took my first full, deep breath that I had taken for the last 40-ish minutes. I have no words, just that feeling.I can't tell you anything about the game, I won't, you need to go in blind, you just do. Set aside an hour and a half to two, play it completely through, and let yourself experience. If you are looking for a game, in the traditional sense, you probably don't want to play this. This is a absolute experience, bringing me through joy and wonder and despair and relief. It is a journey, maybe one without much of an end, and I think that's the point."
,Recommended,303210,18335721,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MontySchneider,"tl;dr: If you are into art&video games, I can recommend this game.The Beginner's Guide really ""knew"" how to get me personally.You basically walk through the levels, following the narrative but what i really liked about it, is the way it makes you question everything you see and how it's keeping your mind busy, because every frickin time i thought i got a glimpse of the big picture, something changed.You often feel trapped and at the same time you are curious about what's happening next.I did not only try to interpret the meaning or the message, I alsostarted thinking about myself and my own anxieties.Most of the other games I've played aren't able to deliver such an intimate experience.Maybe I am overhyping this game a littlebit but then again, you cannot argue about taste."
,Recommended,303210,18335860,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,UFOtofu,"I don't really know how to explain this...game...but I seriously recommend anyone who has a mind to listen, and experience this incredible story..."
,Recommended,303210,18335882,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ExileoftheWolvz,"This game was really great. I loved The Stanley Parable and, while this was less sarcastic and cruel, I found that the small narrative and walking through someones ""head"" through the games they created an overall joy to play through."
,Recommended,303210,18335915,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Baildude,"Ok first off I loved this game. Its not the gameplay that got me but it just made me think and I don't remeber the last time a game did that to me. And not in a puzzle sort of way... more of a more abstract way and makes you just think. If you cannot tell I am having difficulty explaining why I love this game so much, but anyways definitly give it a try but dont look up anything about it first. Looking stuff up about it would ruin the experience."
76561198058604208,Recommended,303210,18335926,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,MafiaGhost,oh my god im crying as I type this. Please. Please play this game.
,Recommended,303210,18413598,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ozzy0708,Wow. Very heartfelt and very sad story. I would definitely reccomend EXPERIENCING this game.
,Recommended,303210,18414039,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DA KING IN DA NORF,"I have never played anything like it. Just play it, worth ever cent."
,Recommended,303210,18410612,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,MIKE CHILTON'S ASS,"I've never played the Stanely Parable, which most negative reviews keep thinking this game should be. If you go in with this mindeset, you'll be so dissapointed. However, if you don't, then by all means continue on with buying and playing this game. It's very interesting, and I recommend this game to anyone with even an interest as to the emotional investment  versus emtional interpretation of gaming development and creation. Game devs would revel in the concept and execution of this game, if they can get past the discomfort of having something shared against their will, even if it's second-hand emotion.Without spoiling anything, here's basically how the game plays. Go make yourself a stack of pancakes and eat them. That act of eating them is an experience that only you are sure of is your own factual opinion. The exerience is yours and yours alone. And that'd the game's major draw, is that the expirience is yours alone. No secrets, a linear path, but open to enough interpretation that only you can for sure experience it your own way.So, if you plan on watching a walkthrough first; Don't. It's something you should expirence yourself first, then share the same with another. Trust me, it's worth it.Also I wish I could buy the soundtrack seperately. That's the only drawback of this game. Buy it with the soundtrack, the extra few bucks is totally worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18411204,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,demondownload,"I'm still unpacking the experience, three days after finishing it. I'm not sure that I ""liked"" it per se, but the package as a whole is an amazing, painful, beautiful and difficult...thingthat is absolutely worth seeing through and is a prime example of the kinds of emotional depth only possible with an interactive medium.And no other game has made me want, so badly, to create my own."
76561198083529271,Recommended,303210,18414300,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Enceladus,I don't have words. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,18414975,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,kitty-hawk816,"Wow what an interesting game. I just have to say that one of my main impressions on this game was the observation that the actions taken by the narrator were just really male thinking. This need to ""fix"" things, this attitude that it is somehow up to you to ""make it right""... Well really I guess you just have to play it and see for yourself.Just... play with an open mind... and heart too. Don't forget that."
76561198061312228,Recommended,303210,18413042,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jasam Derulo,Don't google it.Don't research anything about it.Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,18413143,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rant,"One of the most amazing ""games"" I have ever played. The narrative is up there with some of my favorite pieces of literature (Fight Club, Survivor, etc.). Worth full price, if not more. You NEED to play this, even if you don't enjoy games."
76561198021511976,Recommended,303210,18413322,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Claad,Evangelion : The Game10/10
,Recommended,303210,18413401,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Domo,"More of a movie than a game.To be clear, its not a game.Its a movie.About games.Not a game.A movie.With game like elements."
76561198153600694,Recommended,303210,18407005,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,thats_the_point1,"Honestly, I'm not sure how to react to this. I'd like to start out by saying this game is worth much more then $9.99. I really cried at the end. You should definitely buy this. It isn't a game with a destination, but a collection of a mans games, almost all of which do not have destinations. He made these games, but only shared them with this man. The narrator. This man goes through his story, and for me it was extremely relatable. I couldn't comprehend until now how much I needed to do what this man did. This game has an extremely deep meaning, and I highly recommend it. It isn't a long game, most people only take 1.5 - 2.0 hours to play it, but I've needed to replay it to understand. This is very inspiring. Get this game. Especially if you need help coping with something. 1,203,409/10."
,Recommended,303210,18412507,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,juicysnacks,"Compelling, thought-provoking stuff from the man behind The Stanley Parable. Unlike Wreden's last game, The Beginner's Guide is a short (~90 mins), linear experience which narrates the story of a game developer (and their shifting relationship with the narrator) as you play through each of their creations in turn.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=532774438It's a fascinating thing, which tackles topics including anxiety, depression, creative burnout, and more - all wrapped around the conflict between two people over the fundamentals of game design, and one's inability to comprehend the other (and struggle to deal with that inability).The short playtime is worth noting - though I think a second playthrough might prove rather fascinating once the full story has been experienced - but as long as you are okay with that, The Beginner's Guide comes highly recommended by me. It will delight, confuse, astound, and leave you with a wealth of things to think about."
,Recommended,303210,18412509,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Cosmoraptor,9/10
,Recommended,303210,18412519,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,sensibleshoez,"Mesmerizing, compelling, and ultimately quite affecting. A collection of seemingly pointless games add up to make a meaningful narrative. Totally worth a couple of hours of your time if you enjoy a game with a story to tell."
,Not Recommended,303210,18386685,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,trienow,"It gives you a different point of view, of how one can express themselves.An Iteractive movie, showing the result of the person's life, which afterwards, makes one think about life - as it is...I did not enjoy it.Recommended only for under $5/5€."
,Recommended,303210,18284391,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Brian,"The less you know about this the better.It's an experience, lasting about 90 minutes. It's unlike any game I've ever played, and it's absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,303210,18284393,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sciguystfm,"If you haven't watched the trailer, don't.Just buy the game.It's so much more than a short narritive experiance. It's a confession, a cry for help.It brought me to tears.Spend the $7"
76561198032703833,Recommended,303210,18284422,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Adagio,"This game understands vulnerability. I wanted to cry. If you are human or not, play it."
76561198063182834,Recommended,303210,18284435,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gigabobby,This game was one of the most emotional games based on a true story i have played. Loved every second of it.
,Recommended,303210,18284441,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SamBarjo,This game is terrible. It has made me depressive. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,303210,18284466,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mcbigboi,You can really place yourself personally in this game. It made me think of things I could have changed and/or rethought.
,Recommended,303210,18284467,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,QubaVR,"This is what I imagine a game made by Banksy would be like. Gives me a very strong ""Exit through the gift shop"" vibe.Which is a good thing.A very, very good thing."
,Recommended,303210,18284489,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SweetOnion,Thank you so much for this experience !
,Recommended,303210,18284557,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Neato,This game made me think and feel a lot. That's really all there is to say. The description of the game is accurate.
,Recommended,303210,18284560,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Pickle_Nick,"I don't even know what to say. I made a post on FB about this it is belowOne of the most self aware games i have ever played. Also one of most stressful, calming, thought provoking games. I love finding games like this. It truly proves that this medium can be art, and it can have true reflections of the creators thoughts. It made me think a lot about myself, the deeper i went in, the more i was thinking about my actions and not the game. Truly a gem, my game of the year. Yes over Fallout 4, or anything else this year.Just buy this game, and play it. This is something truly special."
,Recommended,303210,18284566,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,雪花牌电视机 SnowTV,"Ok. I do not think that I am going to play this game again as I did for The Stanley Parable.This game is nothing like The Stanley Parable at all. So if you are expecting something like The Stanley Parable, this is not what you want.I do not buy games so often. And the only way for me to make me feel justified for the $7.99 I just paid is that, I am also sort of a game developer, and part of (not all of) the game let me recall some of the feelings I had when I was making game. And I want to support Davey Wreden as I didn't purchase The Stanley Parable.However, I still doubt the point that The Beginners Guide is making. Maybe I am already not a beginner. Or I am just so confident in the game I am making.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------我不认为我会像对待史丹利寓言一样重新玩这个游戏。这个游戏和史丹利寓言没有任何相似之处。所以如果你期待像史丹利寓言一样的体验，不要玩这个游戏。我并不经常买游戏。唯一让我觉得我没有浪费8刀的理由是我也算是游戏制作者，并且这个游戏中的部分情节会引起我的共鸣。而且我想支持史丹利寓言的作者，因为我并没有买史丹利寓言。然而我并不认同这款游戏的观点。可能我已经不是初学者了。或者是因为我本来就对自己的游戏很有信心。"
,Recommended,303210,18284596,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Killer Gnomestar,"Definitely worth the play. Best done in a single sitting. The  emotion conveyed is daunting, yet gives an odd sense of serenity."
,Recommended,303210,18284485,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Bits,"I am actually in awe after playing this game. I don't know how to feel.Edit: I have been sitting here for 20 minutes after first posting this review with a blank face, on the edge of tears.  I've just been thinking and hoping that somehow there is magicaly more to this game, not because it's too short, but because it's too good."
,Recommended,303210,18284589,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Vander5,"All I should really be saying to someone considering buying this game, is that if you enjoyed not necessarily the fun gameplay of the Stanley Parable, but instead the numerous emotional themes in it, then you should seriously consider playing this game. The Beginner's Guide made me cry both tears of joy, and tears of sadness. This game will not be for everyone, but it'll hit home for some.If you plan on getting it, I reccommend not digging too much into it before playing, so as to not ruin the experience.And an extra side note, don't let other reviews make you think this game is only aimed for creators, I'm terrible at making pretty much anything, and I still loved it.I never thought I'd cry while doing chores in a video game..."
76561197992074138,Recommended,303210,18284617,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,zoombini666,"I don't think this is a *great* game, but it's worth playing. Not saying anything more - if you're interested in games that try to push the boundaries, it's worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18284629,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Uncle Disco,"It's weird to write about this game. In fact I'm not even sure why I'm writing this to begin with. This game is interesting, different, 1½ hour long and a thing you probably only will play through once. Should you play it? Probably... I think you should... Just because it is so different... It's an experience, a tonight only show in a local theater.Will this review be helpful to anyone? Probably not... Maybe the creator... and if that's the case, then... Maybe I shouldn't have acutally written this to begin with."
,Recommended,303210,18284632,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Auparo,"Its a very cinematic game. Do not go in expecting choice like The Stanley Parable.However, very fun indeed. Just watch somebody play it."
,Recommended,303210,18284638,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Merlinmast,I can't think of a game that has moved me so greatly within such a short time span.  It is simutaneously not The Stanely Parable and yet its even more brilliant.  Kudos.
,Recommended,303210,18284681,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,-PG- General_Coolman,"A narrative with meaning. Exactly the kind of media I want to be consuming. Made me analyze mine and others interpretations of books, movies and games."
76561198018826110,Recommended,303210,20311727,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Kruz,"The ""game"" is very short (less than 2 hours).  It's more of an audio book, but you can walk around rooms as the story is being read to you.  I bought the game expecting humour of The Stanley Parable.  This is a little more dreary/dark, and you are on rails the whole time.  With Stanley, it was more of a choose your own adventure.The story is interesting, but I felt as if it came to an abrupt halt."
,Recommended,303210,20315498,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,pie tin cat,"I've never seen feelings like friendship, warmth, confusion, loneliness and depression portrayed so strikingly in a piece of media. It made me feel a lot of things I don't understand, but it also wordlessly explains some of the feelings I've felt in my life. If you're looking for something that will make you examine yourself, your friendships and your existence – pick up this game."
,Recommended,303210,20316193,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ek. lee ji geum,i like it
76561198257381804,Recommended,303210,20316203,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Carrot-cat,"Would I recommend this game?Would I recommend this game?Yes. But only if you're ready.Without spoiling too much, my suggestion to you is that you prepare yourself mentally/emotionally. It's quite a ride. After awhile, you may become unsure as to whether the person in question is who he is or if he's...someone else...This game came with some expectations. I tried not to let my experience with The Stanley Parable cloud it too much. I knew it was from the same creator. So I had a feeling any expectation I could possibly contrive would be blown out of the water anyway. However, whatever it was that I was expecting from this game, it ended up being not at all what I'd imagined. The trailer is an excellent foreshadower. You get curious. It gives a (very) vague idea of what the game will be about. But you look back at it after a playthrough, and you realize that even though it advertised the game perfectly well, it also somehow managed to not reveal the game in any way. Like...you can pick out all the pieces the trailer used, but then you realize that the pieces it used were but small dots within a vast and intricate bigger picture. That was cool.All I can really say is wow. I have been changed. By a simple, narrative walkthrough. There's not much to click on. Not much to explore. The textures have that same, simple-yet-elegant-and-kind-of-soothing feel to them as Stanley. The music is terribly beautiful. I bought the soundtrack as soon as I finished the game. It and the game itself manage to be calming at times and extremely unsettling at others, all while maintaining an ethereal, dreamlike quality. There are so many emotions in this simple little story, told through corridors and...well, not much else, really...that by the end I wasn't really sure what I was feeling - or what I was supposed to be feeling - at that moment.If you're hoping for catharsis, I can promise you you'll either find it or you won't. I don't think there's an in-between for this one. It just depends on how you interpret, what choices you make, and what experiences you have had that have led you to this exact moment in your life. I found it. But not in the way I thought I would when I started the game.Just...prepare yourself. You're about to go on a journey you won't forget anytime soon.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20307097,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,VeryPlite,"I don't normally review games but I have decided to review this one. First things first, this game is sad and unfullfilling. It felt like I was reading an interesting book, a deep thought driven journey that ends right before the characters resolve any of their issues. And that is what this game is, it's not really a game you play; although you play tons of little half done games. This game brought insight into the world of game development, as it follows half the journey of a game developer. Now it is written and narrated like the Stanley Parable, but it is far far far from the Stanley Parable. This felt like reading a personal narrative without someone's permission with an unrealiable narrator. I felt like I learned something, like I was moved by some of the conclusions the narrator comes too. I felt wrong playing these games, as if I was delving myself too deep into someone's world. I felt at some points that this game was meaningless, at others I felt as if it was a game everyone should expirience. And I left the game sad and confused, because this game hit home at the pain of reality, and it hits hard. It strains on themes of struggle, depression, the need for external validation, the game shows the pain in living. But the game only shows hope if you know where to find it, I would like to think I found hope to be a reocurring theme but I see why some didn't.You think something, you're lead to believe certain things, that everything has a meaning, that there is this brokeness, even inherit pain, but what you find is that all of it is true and untrue. I honestly don't recommend buying tis game full price, wait till it is on sale or watch it on YouTube.It is more of an expirience than a game, and the expirience betrays your trust, several ties over. I like those games, if you do too, than I suggest gettig it on sale."
,Recommended,303210,20307592,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,nerdtothewise,"This is the sort of game that almost demands you talk about it. That you write a review.It is good, though it is not great, it is unique and beautiful. It deserves to be played.As some of the other reviews I read suggested the less you know the better. Don't read any more just go play it. Don't fear, it's not long. You can do it.The last thing I will say is that unlike the few other reviews I read before buying this, it did not make me cry. I did not feel the weight of the world pressing down on me as the credits ran. I did, however, feel contempletive. And that is one of the primary targets art should aim to acheive. I have said many times before (and will reiterate the point many times to come) that video games are a poor medium for story telling. There is no control over pacing. Story telling feel weak and watered down. The rhythms are wrong. The Beginner's Guide is one of the exceptions to this. This game is art. It tells a good story. And it is worth your time."
,Recommended,303210,20271065,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tadej,"Personal, inspiring and thought-provoking."
,Not Recommended,303210,18712048,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Roxas (ง •_•)ง,"It's a good narrative. Very feels-heavy and quite thoughtful (if it's genuine, at least). I couldn't ever get over the sense of irony that the maker of this game was broadcasting Coda's problems for his own gain, in a way. If it's all true, a lot of this game isn't really his own content and he's got a pretty decent pricetag on it as well. Supposedly, Coda asks him a very genuine way to NOT share his games, and what does he do?It doesn't kill everything from the developer for me, but this game seemed like a very ugly sheep in an otherwise beautiful family of products."
76561197965935490,Recommended,303210,20262709,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kyle,"Great game, loved it!"
,Recommended,303210,20268063,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Last Son of the West,"Another narrated walking simulator from the man behind The Stanley Parable.GRAPHICS:nothing spectacularMUSIC:really enjoyed it myselfCINEMATICS:no cut-scenes outside of engineSTORY:kept me interested all the way throughCONTENT:a short linear game with a single endingCONTROLS:basic walking simulator wasd + mouseGAMEPLAY:presentation was on pointI would recommend this to game, but not necessarily to fans of Stanley Parable. It was an interesting piece of art, but lacked the comedy and replay value of the previous game. Fans of walking simulators that tell stories will not be let down though."
76561198047215084,Recommended,303210,20339995,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Epicdemic,"This game at first, yes i was expecting the stanley parable style gameplay, but what i got instead was an emotional rollercoaster.Not many games can grab me as this game did, bravo to the developers of this game, truly a piece of art."
,Recommended,303210,20340254,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ScuttleButts,"Somthing that needs to be experienced, rather than played."
,Recommended,303210,20340246,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Gh0stFiGht3r,"I really thought I was going to give this game a thumbs down, I really did. From about halfway through up until almost the end I was sure I was going to give this a thumbs down. I felt the gameplay and the story telling was getting somewhat repetitive and I was starting to lose interest, and we're only talking about 90 minutes of gameplay here. But the feelings I had after the credits were done rolling........ I'm still feeling it. I finished the game almost 2 hours ago and I'm still feeling exactly what I felt when the game had just finished, still thinking about it. This isn't a gaming experience that you enjoy or have fun with, this is a gaming experience that you feel. That is the sole purpose of this game, to get you to feel and to get you to think. And in that regard, I believe this game achieved that goal in a tremendous way.I got the game on sale for half price. I probably wouldn't pay the full 10 bucks for it, but if you see it on sale and you like stories that make you think about and question your own life then I definitely reccomend giving it a shot."
,Recommended,303210,20304967,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,sp1r1t2001,Beautiful and weird... mess with your head in very interesting way
,Recommended,303210,20303590,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Norway92,I have only one thing to say about this game (or pop-up audiobook if I may call it that): Amazing.
76561197961201175,Recommended,303210,20303744,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FrankTheTank,"This game made me have feelings. I'm not sure why, but it did."
76561198213254557,Recommended,303210,20154875,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ChickletPiglet,"I feel as though I cannot weave together the words that can accurately describe how I feel about this game. As I finished the playthough, I just sat at my computer, thinking about the importance behind this game."
,Recommended,303210,18281846,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,LIKOVITCH #fsociety,"this game is toootaly weird... I have played nearly 2 hours of it and I can tell that it's interactive documentary so far. I really like it, but it isn't intended for people who just want to play a game. You need to understand the deeper meaning of this."
,Recommended,303210,18281864,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DropkickPenguin,Worthwhile experience
,Recommended,303210,18282060,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,squidsundae,"ive never written a review before but i need to now. this game made me cry. we're talking near sobbing--i'm not ashamed to admit that. i have never, ever related to something so much as i had with this--on both ends, both coda and the creator's.i know how it feels to feel like you're doing something good only to find out you were wrong. i know how it feels to have your boundaries violated like coda, too.i dont know if coda is real, or a metaphor, or maybe the creator's past self. if he's real im a bit iffy on this. i hope you got back in contact with him and he agreed to let you use these. i hope he's okay with this. otherwise im not sure what to think...if its a question of morality, then no, i dont think you should have made this game. or rather, i dont think you should have made it for others to see, let alone charge for it.maybe thats the question this is posing? i don't know. i really don't. maybe there is no point.either way, this really touched me. i hope that means something to the creator, or to coda, or to anyone else. i think it'll touch a lot of people who make things, and not just games."
76561198075765522,Recommended,303210,18282074,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,NineDGuy,"I absolutely adored the emotion, puzzle, and humor that The Stanley Parable invoked so when I heard that one of its creators was releasing a new game I bought it solely upon hearing that it was about game design (my hopeful career field) and that it was overall rated well. Armed with only those two notions I went into it basically blind and wow was I blown away. The journey the game took me on was wonderful and, even though I'm not sure I even fully understand everything it had to offer, I'm positive I'll recommend it to absolutely anyone who asks.Prepare your curiosity, sit down when you have a few hours to spare, put in headphones (I promise, the game's audio is really best suited for headphones), and play it all the way through."
,Recommended,303210,18282130,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Falkon,"Game runs you for about an hour and a half of you time, that said, this is one of the most powerful gaming experiences I have ever had."
,Recommended,303210,18282136,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Trinity,The feels...
,Recommended,303210,18282168,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,redplayerone,"A work of art.An inciteful, intimate, honest, thought provoking, and life affirming experience.Highly recommened."
76561197970589337,Recommended,303210,18282175,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Oranssi,"For those who want to experience something very personal. Not a barrel of laughs like Stanley Parable, more like a documentary native to video game form. The less you know beforehand, the better."
76561198039601790,Recommended,303210,18282191,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dipper Pines [Jano],"Im speechless. I can reaaaaaally suggest it, dont expect another Stanley Parable, i had my laughs but in the end i cried. If you wanna hear a really good story and insight in a person´s Mind then play it. I can only suggest it."
,Recommended,303210,18282217,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,gkscotty,"Beautiful, thoughtful, stunning, and sad."
,Recommended,303210,18282219,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,BookWormBeccy,"This game is an emotional experience. It is best played in one sitting, because once you start playing, you get so invested incredibly quickly.By the end of the game I was sobbing, because the subject matter is something that affects me personally, and this game brought all those emotions to a head. I would heartily reccommend this game, as it is so powerful, and continues t oresonate with you once you've finished playing."
,Recommended,303210,18282239,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Great Ladsby,"I'm not a videogame developer. I'm a story teller. This story has surpassed some of the best works on the market. It won't be a famous game. It won't be anything like Stanley Parable. You only need to play it once. Forever I will be apart of Coda's work. Nothing else matters, really."
,Recommended,303210,18283686,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,gtakiller0914,"Whether or not you agree or disagree with it, everyone should play it at least once. If you enjoy it, good for you. If you don't like it, that's fine too. Just give it a shot."
,Recommended,303210,18283715,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Advisorcloud,There's not a lot that can be said about this game without spoiling the experience. I think you just have to dive in for yourself.
,Recommended,303210,18283750,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,xXTAR_MIST_25Xx,"Holy crap. This game feels like emotion itself. Coda's games carried the intended message, this game carried it's intented message. Very beautiful, especially the very ending, which made me actually gasp... Completely worth the $9. Get it now.If you want a bit more detail, here it is:[MILD SPOILERS BELOW, BEWARE]This game, for me, made me feel lots of emotion over the course of it. The game made me feel mystery (until the end, of course), sadness and sympathy (oddly enough) among other things.Now, The Beginner's Guide isn't what you might think it is. What's happening in the game is you have a bunch of compiled games from a specific person, all in order by month. I won't go into detail about it, you have to buy the game for that.Just be expecting a very strong message throughout the game, by both TBG itself, and the games inside of it."
76561198011947911,Recommended,303210,18283865,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,radbrogoff,"This is the most emotionally powerful ""game"" I have ever played. It's on par with some of my favorite movies. This shows that games can not only be art, but be powerful expressions of human subjecitivity.I don't want to spoil the game, but this game had a profound effect on how I see other people, their accomplishments, and how I view myself and the lens through which I see the world.Buy this game."
,Recommended,303210,18283919,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Red Overture,"There is no way to accurately describe this game without playing it. If you're looking for a sequel to the Stanley Parable, it's not this game. If you're looking for something to just pass time, it's not this game. What this game *is* - however, is profoundly humanizing. While playing this game it is easy to find yourself completely immersed in the story of the developer and his friend, seeing both of their lives and perspectives change with each game. This game is art, and it's that special kind of art that actually lets you see deeper into who you are as a person, and how you relate to other people. This game never lets you let go of loneliness, and the emotions of being trapped inside of yourself. This game is exceptional, and unforgettable. It is a definite must-have. And who can beat that for $7.99?"
,Recommended,303210,18283924,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Conkerkid11,Whoa .
,Recommended,303210,18283982,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Anna,"A clever, subversive, personal, and emotional narrative. Briliant."
76561198123526018,Recommended,303210,18284033,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hazellius,Beautiful
,Recommended,303210,21329002,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kkona,This game makes me feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for a lot of things.10/10 would feel bad about myself again
,Recommended,303210,21437279,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,WellHeyDere,"By now, this game has been out for awhile. I bought it and finished it in around 80 to 90 minutes. Short game, but hits the message home. But what I've discovered is that the message is different for everyone. Playing this game, I felt feelings I have never felt before (playing a game at least).. lonely, and a little depressed, but constantly curious. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves a good story rich game, as this takes a place at the top of that list."
76561198012650525,Recommended,303210,18283664,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cthulhu_waits,the feels. the game touched my feels. nothing touches my feels. its the only game ive played in months that actually kept my intrest enough not to have netflix on my 2nd monitor or pandoa in the background.
76561198108923723,Recommended,303210,21436756,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Great Lord Fluffernutter,Play it.This is a game everyone needs to play at least once.I would easily have payed $100.A true masterpiece if I've ever seen one.100/10
,Recommended,303210,21349727,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,benji7425,"That was interesting. Reminded me that the definition of ""game"" is most certainly not just a fun experience to enjoy playing, but encompasses a lot more than that."
76561197971356484,Recommended,303210,21366862,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zgug,Amazing.
76561198071154757,Recommended,303210,21328320,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The Brain Lord,I can't describe this game properly. Just get it.
,Recommended,303210,21350693,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,hellyale,It won't let me submit a review without text.
76561197996124118,Recommended,303210,21351282,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bloopy,"Review:* Cheapest therapy session ever and 30 minutes longer* I did not cry.. will try to cry again.* Thank you for the philosophical experience, nay, self awareness walkthrough.* It spoke to me personally on several levels; I will not disclose how on a gaming forum.* The people who made this and Stanley Parable should go down in history as great thinkers ~you get it~* Applause on the soundtrack, I bought it tooSPOILER:Life is not a game"
,Recommended,303210,21422508,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Marvinton,"A fantasic game, would reccomend"
,Recommended,303210,19322285,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Korraspoopalami,"Beautiful game.Sad, but so beautiful."
76561198072402142,Recommended,303210,21413370,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Scrubs McDeedlybeeps,"It meant something to me, and maybe it will mean something to you. That's all I can say."
76561198191202145,Recommended,303210,21363861,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,boobles,This was an expirience that anyone with the possibility should check out.
,Recommended,303210,21346496,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CryoG,"It's difficult to write a review about this game, it does not make you play much but is oddly immersive by its narrative, the journey into the relation between the narrator and the maker of these games.It is definitely very different from other games."
,Recommended,303210,21383454,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,icycandle,really funny game
,Not Recommended,303210,21383634,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Tak!,I lasted 30 minutes.
,Recommended,303210,21380375,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"A unique journey that becomes increasingly dispiriting as it progresses, focused on themes that are seldom explored within video games.Guaranteed to leave you depressed.7/10"
,Recommended,303210,21380398,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bunnyfuufuu,"The Beginner's Guide is one of the only games of the late to really hit me hard. It's more of a visual representation than a game, but everything you go through feels like a roller coaster of emotions and it hits hard! Fantastic, inspirational, and undoubtfully worth every penny spent."
,Recommended,303210,18363244,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,I'm Very Angry It's Not Butter!,Absolutely brilliant!
,Recommended,303210,21390930,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Playtime,"I assume most people will look at this, and expect more Stanley.Don't.Don't expect anything, just throw all expectations away, stop reading reviews, and just... Play it.This isn't a game, it's an experience. It'll make you really think, and feel things you never thought you would... A truly unique experience, like nothing I've ever  played.I just completed the game for the first time moments before writing this review, and I just don't know what to say about what I experienced. It makes you think, it makes you feel, and trying to describe how this makes you feel would ruin the experience.I keep saying the word ""experience"", and that's for a good reason. Not only is it something to experience for yourself by playing, but a connection. I can't say anymore than that, you'll just have to trust me, you will not regret it, and you may even come out with an entirely new appreciation for games.Just turn your sound up, the game on, and just play."
,Recommended,303210,18280596,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hoshou_Neko,"Anyone who wating for stanley parable 2 will be dissapointed, this game have no choices or humor.BUT!This is mindblowing peace of art. As you look at great painting of some legendary artist, or listening to music written by genius musician, you can feel their emotions and feelings running through you body and mind as you watch/listen. I had the same experience with this one. To be inside of a mind of genius who did stanley parable was awesome.MINOR SPOILERS AFTER THIS LINE.To all who was through with this game, and still thinks its about some friend of his - go play again, and this time think about possibility that he never had any friend called Cody."
76561198053374613,Recommended,303210,18279269,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,achmudass,This is very interesting and inspiring one. I recommend it to everyone who has tried to create some game on our own.
,Recommended,303210,18279690,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,thegerbilnextdoor,"This was an utterly incredible experience of a game, I wouldn't get it if you were expecting The Stanley Parable though."
,Recommended,303210,18279725,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Fossegrim,You need to play this. Don't watch or read anything before you do!
,Recommended,303210,18279800,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,andromalin,"Oh geez, this is quite an experience, though it's nothing like The Stanley Parable, in terms of humor and length, so you might get disappointed if you go into this with those kind of expectations. I think people who create things, especially games, will relate to it more, too.So.Recommended if you think that's the kinda person you are."
,Recommended,303210,18279934,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,gaoyi,One of the most brilliant games i ve ever played
,Recommended,303210,18303821,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Pijon,"I came into this game as a visual novel player. I am not sentimental about symbolism or get emotionally attached to the words that I choose. I choose consistently and logically with my desired outcome in mind. Most importantly, I expected my choices to not be illusions. I played ""Beginner's Guide"" because of multiple sources claiming it to be dark and have multiple twists. The biggest draw in for me is that it would ""make me feel depressed"" after playing it. I love gut-wrenching stories. This was not one, and the hype has surely disappointed me.As a proud introvert and skeptic, I was unimpressed with most of this game since the narrator irritated me. I disliked his enthusiasm and the overanalyzed answers he had for everything. As an uncreative person, I could not relate to the ""artist's struggles"" that riddled the game and thus it failed to draw me in. Honestly, are these first world problems really that traumatic? Life goes on regardless of tedium or success. I also did not buy the backstory that this ""Coda"" (the coder) was a real person. A supposed recluse developing quirky game scenarios by himself  is believable, but if he is so socially awkward, how did he obtain the rights to the bg music with vocals in it, along with the female voiced murmurs and crying? Am I supposed to believe he's all lonely and detached from the world, ya know, aside from his presumed sister that voice-acts his game for him? And how exactly did that fated meeting between the narrator and Coda go down? My speculations were rather ridiculous... and it seems, perhaps half valid.It wasn't until the Tower chapter that I finally felt ""Notice me, senpai"" the (barely interactive) game got my attention. I was very interested in seeing a certain character being portrayed in a way I laughingly pretended he was from the start. I was excited for the bloodshed and tragedy that was to be revealed next- but all I got was a vague sentimental ending. Spare me your scenery and feels music, it does nothing for me. All in all, this game did not immerse me in its environment. It did not have an emotional impact on me. I did not feel that the mental condition of any of the characters were on a harmful or abnormal level of obsession. Word, situational, and color symbolisms were blatantly apparent throughout and made me roll my eyes more than anything. This was not dark or scary. I would like to say the game is dull- but I can't because it most definitely is thought provoking. While exploring why this game didn't work for me, I discovered a lot about myself. While this game was largely about relating yourself to the characters, which I failed to do, the main goal was to get the player to think about themselves- their own goals in life and their own personal struggles. This game is about introspection, and on that front, it succeeded."
,Recommended,303210,18280646,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Thijmen,Every aspiring game designer needs to play this.
76561198050716409,Recommended,303210,18280693,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,daric bokarae,This game is powerful and that is really the only way for me to describe it. it's different it's sad but most of all it's powerful.
,Recommended,303210,18280698,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ghouls,Fantastic experience.
,Recommended,303210,18280775,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,eleuvox,Essential.
,Recommended,303210,18280791,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,You,One of the most unique games out there. Get it and play it now!
76561198011365789,Recommended,303210,18280830,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Meowkitten,"This game is a great/sad story of friendship and what can happen. I will recommend to anyone that like story and not ""gameplay"" games"
,Recommended,303210,18281042,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,dorito4her,Best narrative-driven game thing since The Stanley Parable(the original).The best part that this game doesn't have as much distracting humour as TSP remake. Just solid idea. And it DOES get clearer and clearer over time.
,Recommended,303210,18281059,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TR-Jaybles,"Just as ""The Stanley Parable"" did this game will screw with your mind. It's not so much a game this time though as it is a Narrated walkthrough (Like ""Dear Esther"") of a bunch of gameworlds all the while tackling the insecurity of the Narrator. I don't think a lot of people will get the point of this game on the first playthrough but it tackles some primal urges that everyone will come into contact with like: Closure, External Validation and in the end Accptance that sometimes you can't alter the outcome of some things.In it's own way this game has the potential to actually help other people tackle thoose bridges when they come upon them in real life 'cause the way they are portrayed in the game seem so genuine and so applicable to everydaylife.Don't expect this game to actually be a game, expect it to be a lesson in human behavior a ""Beginner's Guide"" to tackle some of your own obstacles."
,Recommended,303210,18281213,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,dead by dayfall,"THIS GAME.... YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS GAME NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE YOU NEED TO.i want to cry, i want to scream and cry, this game is amazing start to end, this game my god i havent felt like this about a game for years, i hope he comes back i hope we get the happy ending, i dont blame the dev, i can see why he di what he did, when you te that ifrst message i stoped for 5 min i stoped and looked, hand of my controls and looked, it was un real, i wanted to cry, i felt like id been on this massve treck, it unreal, 10/10, this thing needs a oscar a bafta a god dame nobell prize, this game, please come back hes sorry he loves you we love you, this game my god, this game"
,Recommended,303210,21287073,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lokiisan,"I did not realize what I was getting into. It was much more than I thought it was going to be. This game was, for the lack of a better word, interesting. It was quite short in length, but not short on the mind. I didn't know what to feel, after just ""finishing"" the game. It left me just thinking consistently about the events that I have gone through with depth. The story is sad, it's different than what I would usually play. I won't say it was ""fun"", but it was definitely a journey to get through.Meaningful and totally in a sense, understandable. Really did enjoy the journey. This will probably be something that I will never forget and continue to have my mind pondering upon it."
,Recommended,303210,21304767,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,hallelujah,o
,Recommended,303210,21330874,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WolfmanBurnsides,I don't even know what I could possibly add. Play it.
76561198118064368,Recommended,303210,21330959,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,imbeingheldagainstmywill,"This game talks about stuff I've never seen anyone or anything else talk about.It doesn't have any gameplay,  but it's an interactive novel.Before you judge it for being an interactive novel, it wouldn't work in any format other than a video game and it's meant for gamers as far as I can tell.I can't recommend it enough.Oh yeah, and it looks FREAKING BEAUTIFUL."
76561198103909968,Recommended,303210,21331067,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Old Man in Bike Shorts,"One of the best 73 minutes of my life.From Counter strike maps to 2011's ""Flowey at the end of the genocide ending"" game, This game is sure to excite. Think Stanley Parable with a meaning."
76561198089479235,Recommended,303210,21297505,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Domaldel,"Wow, I have no word right now.Just...Wow............It was definitivly worth playing for me, but just...Wow..."
76561198165112475,Recommended,303210,21302199,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,darkstarr5,"I tried very hard to go into this experience without expectations, however it still was not what I expected.This is not really a ""game"" like the games I normally play.  There are no objectives, no adventure so to speak; but instead this game depeictsf a rather emotional journey.  I found myself riding along with the emotions of the narrator and agreeing iwth the paths his thoughts went down.  The ending was a surprise to me.  My heart hurt through our the entirety of this game and at the end it hurt even more.I do recommend this game, but realize that it is very pensive and will make you reflect on yourself, your feelings, your perceptions."
,Recommended,303210,21268329,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mellonikus,"I don't know what I can say about this game that hasn't already been said, but I feel like I should try to do my part in spreading the word about this game.I'm not even sure that's the right word for it, game? Don't get me wrong - I don't mean that as an insult, and I don't mean to say that it's not a game. What I mean is that in order to call this a game, we need to expand the typical definition of gaming. Because it plays more like a movie, just without the director. It tells a story, but through narration and vignettes rather than dialogue or prose, making for an experience that is both distant yet painfully relatable.This is one of the few games that has given me a new and unique perspective, and to say any more would be a tremendous spoiler. It's more than just a good game, it's a great experience. 5/5"
,Recommended,303210,21263146,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Trip,Good story.
,Recommended,303210,21265685,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ewidge,"As you've gathered, this is an interactive story-telling game, more akin to a visual novel than a AAA RPG or shooter. Dear Esther; the Stanley Parable; Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist... Are you still there? You didn't run off or check out during that list of games? Do you LIKE any of those games?If yes, yes, you should buy this game. It is intense and compelling. Davey Wreden's voicework is great. Exploring world after tiny world is invigorating and memorable. There is plenty of meat to chew on. You will be glad you gave this a couple hours of your time and a few of your dollars."
,Not Recommended,303210,21215434,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,jennyeet,"Good game, but not worth the money at all. One playthrough is 1.5 hours, and it has no replay value. if you want to experience it, watch it on youtube. Or wait till its on sale. But at its reg price its not worth it"
,Not Recommended,303210,21264800,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,xevious2,It is somewhat interesting as an experiment but not interesting enough to recommend. I just couldn't get into it or feel much for the characters.
76561198066035796,Recommended,303210,21259359,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Wassup partner,"I don't have to say anything.Just that this game proves that the word ""game"" is not right for this one .If you think yourself as someone with imagination and you like art then play it. Don't watch trailer if possible and don't play it with someone near you.Then dont speak about this game again as you would speak for the new EA Game.( Also a HUGE lesson for game designers and artists in general)"
,Recommended,303210,21062839,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Glitchvid,This game told me more about myself than any other game has.Sometimes we trample over other people to understand ourselves.
76561198152768501,Recommended,303210,21238892,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,albow,The Beginner's Guide tells the story of a crippling friendship. It shows sincere emotions and a compelling narrative.It's a product that helps define human nature.It's worth the ten bucks.
76561198054259017,Recommended,303210,23853340,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,brennalynne,An experience.
,Recommended,303210,23887882,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Defenestrate,"An intriguing experience. Usually I'm not the biggest fan of entirely narative-driven games, this one's well worth checking out though!"
,Recommended,303210,23903589,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Murphy,The Beginner's Guide is not a game in the traditional sense of games there is no puzzle or gunplay or car chases this experience is here to tell a story and it does so magnificently I highly recommend playing this.
76561198238136940,Recommended,303210,23906204,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,djkenziegirl,"I stumbled upon this game after finishing Her Story by Sam Barlow (btw amazing game, I recommend that one as well). I have been looking for a good game for months after finishing Her Story and this certainely did not disappoint. Although I did finish it withing a span of 2 hours, it is totally worth the price of $6. The story is compelling and the narration just furthers the captiviaty that hold the player. The ending shocked me but in a good way. The message that this game gives out is inspiring. I played this along with a friend of mine and they agreed. They said that they instantly begun thinking about every goal they haved and how they feel ""more inspired than ever,"" to accomplish said goals. I don't want to spoil anything but I would definately recommend this game to anyone. Just remeber to be patient and keep an open mind while playing - ecspecially during the epilogue. Overall, this game is definately one for the books."
,Recommended,303210,23906641,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dennis,"I actually never write reviews for games, since I never really feel like saying anything about the game itself. Of what I think of the game.This one however is honestly one of the best I've ever played. The emotions in this game are overwhelming. I've loved every single minute of playing this and I would really, really recommend this game to anyone who is in for a story about a friend.Davey, if you read this: I really do hope you find your peace."
,Recommended,303210,23862395,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Björn Borg,"This is not a game, this is art."
,Recommended,303210,23815780,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Confused Canadian,"Pardon my english,This art is very compelling, powerful, and awe-inspiring. It shows you the ups and downs of life. Teaching you that there could be a day where you could meet a very special person and feel very relaxed around them and just have fun, but that person would eventually be away/leave and forced to move forward. Many would intepret the game very differently, but for me, it showed me the truths about life and what I'm slowly turning into. It showed me that a game can't be truly be judged by it's lenght, but how it can make a very meaningful story and leaves you very satisfied. But like Davey Wreden, It leaves me wanting more, feeling addicted to it, needing more, just to feel validated. I'll gladly buy this game, even w/o the steam summer sale. I see this more of art than a game, and rightfully so. It's emotional drive and wonderful soundrack would leave you wanting more. A game worth crying and would definelty leave you in tears (unless you're pretty heartless or not easy to be moved). It's not perfect, but the way it convey it's messege and how everything just fits so majestically (the art, narration, music, etc) makes it perfect to me.Now into some spoilers!For me, I believe that Coda telling Davey to stop putting lamposts everywhere in his games meant to stop putting endings and changing it's meaning to his games, not necessarily actually modding lamposts into them. Davey kept modifying the games and it started to lose it's meaning to Coda, especially because that Coda never mean't the games to be played by others and breached the boundary of privacy between the two friends. Many theories are saying that Coda is definetly not real, but I believe that he/she is real, but the games were made by Davey to symbolize they're relationship and it's point in time. Maybe Coda did made games, but Davey modified it in such a way that it isn't stealing content. My theory is Coda is a female friend (most, if not all, games that Coda made has female voices on it. Since Coda is a very social recluse person, she would have made the assests by her self and made every voices in the game.) of Davey that has a very strong impact to his life, but the choices he made severed the ties and ended losing a very close friend."
,Recommended,303210,23852088,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Camduman,10/10 would buttassbutt again
,Recommended,303210,23872338,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kat,"One of my all time favorites. If you are in to game development, or anything dealing with the creation of games... ideas, thoughts, visions, dreams... I highly suggest getting this. It is eye opening and well put together. I teared up multiple times throughout the playthrough. It's not for everyone, but for some, you will clearly be able to see the message and story behind all of it."
,Recommended,303210,23879604,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nebulous Idea,"Many negative reviews talk about the narcissistic nature of the story, and it's all pretentious and all that. The people who state this did not understand the point of the story, nor did they understand that it's supposed to be that way. There is another meaning beyond the face value, one that resonates well.I recommend it on sale wholeheartedly, at its regular price I'd say think about it. It can be finished in about an hour and a half, as evidenced by the playtimeI have, and has little replay value as a walking simulator in which your interactivity is inconsequential.If you've played and finished the game, you might also find it a bit hypocritical to be selling the game at all. Maybe that's the point, as it shows a lack of understanding or learning from the events."
76561197981867244,Recommended,303210,23877533,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"Every so often a piece of media comes along that completely changes your understanding of a part of life, or your entire understanding of life. This is one of those times.I felt like it paid me much, much more than I paid for it."
,Recommended,303210,23877617,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,your local meme dealer,I don't even know how to write a review for this. This is just.....Just.....
,Recommended,303210,23624349,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,what,"A wonderful game that really hit me when I first played it and one that I still think about months after playing it. It's a game made me think about the weird relationship between creators and consumers, as well as the nature of art. It falls within the ""Walking Simulator"" genre of games but it's paced excellently by consistently keeping you moving and introducing weird and interesting environments. The experience is elevated even more by the wonderful voice acting and intriguing story."
76561198128721387,Recommended,303210,23613905,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Catulus,"This game was insane. It is worth every buck spent. The ending hit deep and I feel for the creator. Words cant not explain this game, you need to experience this game with your own eyes, follow the game through a rollar coaster of emotions, it is worth it trust me. Now what are you going to do? BUY THE GAME!"
76561198070649873,Recommended,303210,23699912,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sail,Just.... wow. Thats all the words that i can say. It brought me to tears. Just play it for yourself. Everyone can take a different meaning away from this and that meaning is beautiful.
76561198000797312,Recommended,303210,23704628,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DeviousBear,"This is a beautiful, haunting game. IUt's an exploration. Not for everyone, but if you want an experience, highly recommended."
,Recommended,303210,23560556,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,StewTM,"I played this game for 1 1/2 hours and I don't want to play it again because I'm too scared, I'm too scared that I'm interpretating too much, something that the game tells me to do not. However, The Beginner's Guide is one of the biggest meta-theoretical games I've played. Or it isn't. I don't know and I don't know if I'm even supposed to. Want to have a little psychological crisis? Here you go, buy The Beginner's Guide.Even though this is not necessary. You can play the game without thinking about anything being a metaphor. Or ... you can loose hours and hours and drown in them. This game is so meta about not being meta, that it's super meta. What might not be meta at all. Hell, I don't have a clue, Davey Wreden you are a genius."
,Recommended,303210,23752676,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,usr_bin | GeneralDenmark,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I have only just played this game though once, but the story, the setting! It is an amazing game, and I can strongly recommend it.Pros: Fantastic story, a fitting soundtrack.Cons: there is not enough of it :'("
76561198003311892,Recommended,303210,23749563,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Moosejaw,"What do you say to someone with mental or emotional problems?  What help can you give?  Is it enough to simply listen?  Do you need to do something more, and if so, what?  Can you fix another person?What if the problem isn't what you were expecting?The Beginner's Guide is a walk through a highly creative mind.  Sometimes funny, sometimes shocking, often simply weird.  By the end of the trip, we learn that the things that we need; the things that help us face the world from day to day, are different for each of us.  Sometimes, the thing that we need most is..."
,Recommended,303210,23639184,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,bpG`Gott,:')
,Recommended,303210,23772143,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MYTRAIDMARK™,"There is no way i could recommend this without spoiling the story, there is no other way to judge wether to get this game or not, you just play it and if you didnt like it, you didnt like it if you liked it you liked it. What im trying to say is this game is an experiment, one of a kind. Theres no reason not to try it till the end."
,Recommended,303210,23742317,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,magnetman,"I purchased the game based solely on my love of The Stanley Parable and its story telling.  This was a completely different experience, and I really loved it.  It was worth my price of admission for an interesting and interactive story."
76561198205493407,Recommended,303210,23742426,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Xenosthegamer,Um... WAT
,Recommended,303210,23767644,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Numb3red,"This is probably the most powerful game I've ever played, and it's one of about four that have made me cry. It's probably the only non-fiction game I've ever played, and it's interesting and really sad."
76561198146436344,Recommended,303210,23744622,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,shootingstar239,"This game... Is the most sad, heartmelting, and amazing game ive ever played. I bought this game expecting more of a stanley parable feel, but what i got was even better. I didnt meet anyone new, and i waged my best bet of whats happening is just a showcase, but you get deeper into the life of who this narrator is, and we find out that in this, he is the one that was the man not behind it all, but the one who caused it all. Because this game is the best game ive ever played, and even though the games were short and didnt seem to connect, they fit in a perfect puzzle of truth and false. If i were to reccomend this game to anyone at all, if they bring it up, id only say these words: ""If you buy this, the ride begins"", because this game is the largest emotional roller coaster ever.Graphics: 8/10Audio: 10/10Story: 10/10-gamemaster926/shootingstar239""Believe in yourslef, and thats all you need"""
,Recommended,303210,18282942,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mister Friendly,"I'll be honest, it isn't what I was expecting. It's not funny, so dont rush and buy it if you're looking for The Stanley Parable. You have to have an open mind and really appreciate games as ""art"" to like this game.All in all, I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,303210,18287125,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TGN I Crusaddy,The Beginner's GuideThis game tells a story about a creator and a player a realy sad one if i say anything otherwise about the story its gonna be a spoiler i think this game is for E Every1 even hardcore zombie fans wil probebly like this game the downside is that this game dosent even last 2h so i can be cheasy and refund this game but i wont i would rather DONATE to this game that refund it i find no cons but welp here it isPROS-11/10 story-any1 can play this whiot knowing any of his work-Works best with a Keybord not a controler finaly-Good story teller- Amazing everythingCONS-the game is short-not good replay value :/ANYWAY i am gonna look at coda's work and download it all looks amazing 11/10
,Recommended,303210,18287183,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Spencer Key,"I bought this because I love The Stanley Parable. This is not it.It's about a man's struggle to connect. To be validated. Coda, where are you? You're games are cool. Is this experience worth $10? I don't know. I dig it."
,Recommended,303210,18287238,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TheIrishJackel,"Spoiler free:This game is really unique, just like The Stanley Parable before it. This one is not a comedy, but it is still very interesting and worth a play. If you are a ""$1 = 1 hour"" kind of person, I'd hold off because it's $8 ($10 normally) for essentially 2 hours of ""walking simulator"", and it doesn't really have replay value the way Stanley did, but it is still worth the time to play it.I did not regret my $8 purchase to enjoy this knowing nothing before I accidentally ruined it for myself online somewhere."
,Recommended,303210,18287414,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Guy,Buy this game.
,Recommended,303210,18286114,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Magic Man,10/10
,Recommended,303210,18286143,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,valued rug,"Ceci n'est nas une ... lamp post.My turn of the century college obsession with Magritte and De Chirico almost lead me to creating some surreal games like this. But I was focused on the visuals, not the feels. Davey is the right man for the job.This is a very personal and movie-like game. It shows a tiny glimpse of what might come next. (No one tell Shaymalan, plz)."
,Recommended,303210,19642341,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kipex,"Experienced this blind much like The Stanley Parable. Hard to describe but very thought-provoking. Definitely recommend people pick this up when it's on sale and spend 1.5 hours going through it. Whether it's good or bad I cannot say, but I recommend it all the same."
76561198066426413,Recommended,303210,19642467,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Roommates | Saturnin,"No real purpose at first sight in this game. No real ""purpose"" like you could ask from a game. This is actually more like reading a novel, written by someone -special- needing to tell you something. If you are a dreamer, go for it, it will teach you some things. If you have enough imagination to improve what you see."
76561197981004608,Recommended,303210,19608079,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,magic2k,Cool story bro.But Im not feeling any deep in his games. I was made some like it back in school (it's 90's) with Quake1 editor and I was not crazy (at this time at least).
76561198037384691,Not Recommended,303210,19608741,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Huntokar,"not really a game, more of a rail guided story. its a good story and its an interesting idea for a game and its well done. but it is not really worth the money because there is zero replay value and it is a very short game."
,Recommended,303210,19579058,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,IssacFunny,"This game it's more a narrative experience than what people would normally call a game.This short little interactive narration make you go into the mind of a game developer and probably will make you think some things about yourself. In general it's a pretty solid experience, although it's quite short and you will not do much, it's not for everyone."
,Recommended,303210,19582206,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Not Pit,I need a drink
76561198036811797,Recommended,303210,19611423,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,redsoxfan8112009,Excellent narrative.
,Recommended,303210,19737719,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Akuro,"While taking a walk through the story of this game, I didn't feellike the game was just based on someone's problems, or on therelationship between two people. I felt like the game was talkingdirectly to me, and I felt like it made me look at the way I dealwith certain things. It gave the player a situation,not just to think of, but also to reflect on. All of the situationsthat pass by in the game, have at least made me start somekind of conversation with myself, and I really like the waythis game achieved that.This entire game somewhat reminded me of the darkerside of my brain. It reflects the things happening in there.I am grateful for having played this, thus definitelyrecommend you trying the game as well."
76561198130008968,Recommended,303210,19738390,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Terror of the Seven Teas,"For me this game perfectly captures the inescapable struggle with doubt, and the ease at which solitude becomes the the more appealing choice. It's beautiful and speaks some very uncomfortable truths."
76561198068742547,Recommended,303210,19738592,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ChanceR2001,"Let me start off with saying this; this game is beautiful, one of the best games Ive ever played. I am honestly at a loss for what I should say really, It's honestly just that great, it's unique, it's different, It's amazing.  I honestly wont go into much detail about it but insteat say this. No matter who you are, you should buy this. I dont care if you prefer simulators, FPS', Open world, it dosent matter, no matter what type of game you normally play, buy this, get it and go in as blindly as you can."
,Recommended,303210,19720142,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,caramellecreame,"Amazing! As a writer myself, I can identify with this so much, on both the surface and theoretical levels, even if you are not a content creator, this game has an incredible ability to speak to you and to put you in a position where you really care about the characters."
,Recommended,303210,19724541,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Jerl,"It feels like it's been years since I've played a game with this much impact.  The last one was probably The Stanley Parable, so in that way it makes sense.There's something about this style of gameplay, a sort of guided tour as opposed to just dropping you into a world, that makes it more entertaining to play these types of games.  I know a lot of people don't like walking simulators, but I wouldn't really classify this as a walking simulator.  It's more like a museum simulator, and not only because it kinda does act like a museum for all of the games it shows off.  And that's kinda what The Stanley Parable did, albeit in reverse for most of the paths through the game.I came here from Extra Credits' Games You Might Not Have Tried: Winter 2015 video.  It only took a couple seconds into the segment for me to immediately realize that I needed this game.  I didn't even know it was made (or, well, compiled) by the same peson who made The Stanley Parable until it was stated outright by Wreden in the narration early on.  My instincts did not disappoint me; this is the best game I've played this year."
,Recommended,303210,19663490,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Skyfish,"I'm surprised that I didn't ""like"" this game. But I don't like it because I don't understand it. Interpretational works can be a bit of a hit and miss. Still I would recomend this to people who like interpretational experiences. I would not recommend it to people looking for... something like Stanley Parable."
76561198079650976,Recommended,303210,19688851,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PICKEL RICC RAWR ECKS DEE,"I was expecting this game to be just a bunch of mini-games. I was not disappointed. This game is just one long (And in all honesty a little depressing and sad) story. I can't really explain it very well due to my lack of vocabulary. All i can say is that you need to play through the game and see everything there is to see. There were many parts in this game that made me suprised, shocked and also sad. Hell I cried a little near the end. Get this game. It's worth it. Trust me."
76561198060966463,Recommended,303210,19687768,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bluegoombas,10/10gives me chillsjust play it dont read up on itsuch strong messages however you interpret themmakes me think about myselfwould recommend all the way (keep in mind it not a traditional video game but an immersive story)-goombas
,Recommended,303210,19688028,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Andre Solo,"Difficult to talk about this game, specially cause I just finished and I'm not sure what to think or feel about itAnd how many games get you in this state I just said? It usually ends with a 'Hurray' or 'Boomer', right?It's an experience, yes, and one definitely worth checking out!"
76561198032644719,Recommended,303210,19584408,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,FlakesIce,This is not a game. This is a short journey. Buy it. Experience it. Don't regret it.
,Recommended,303210,19585738,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Whemploss,Just play the game
,Recommended,303210,20011144,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BudManstrong,"Sad, interesting, unique, and totally worth your time and money."
76561198016335227,Recommended,303210,20011268,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,dr_judym,"Another excellent title from The Stanley Parable developer! I love your games and I can't wait for another...! I mean, no pressure."
,Recommended,303210,19950156,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,idiot,I feel sad for the people who don't like this game
,Recommended,303210,19982338,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arluza,"A lot of people have by now written about The Beginner’s Guide, the second game to come from Davey Wreden, and many more will write about it in the future. It’s not a game in the traditional sense. It’s not even an interactive movie, like Until Dawn was. In fact, I’m not entirely sure if it qualifies as a game or not. You can walk, and a narrator speaks to you about what you see.I am not a reviewer. I do not talk about video games in any professional fashion. I probably won’t publish any thoughts on games in a professional format. However, I find myself sitting at 9:15pm on a day after Christmas having just finished the 90 minute experience, and I’m not entirely sure what needs to be said. It’s an experience which I believe will resonate with the creative people of the world. I am far from creative. In fact, if told to come up with some original idea, I am not entirely convinced that I could come up with a single phrase from my own mind.I believe that I parrot what I agree with in the world, but have not once been able to create anything of my own. I have never created a piece of art. I have never created a program. I have never cooked a meal which was my own invention, but instead use recipe books. There’s nothing wrong with recipe books, by the way.I believe the point I am trying to come to is that this experience brings forth a very primal fear. It brings you to a point in which you create assumptions about something, only at the end to be brought forth evidence that you’ve been misled the entire time. I believe that you were intended to reflect on this singular point for some time, but I am given the impression perhaps I am resonating with something else, a different road to the same destination.Perhaps I should spend some time coming up with an original thought of my own.But where would I begin?"
76561198092145916,Recommended,303210,19982850,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,drsirmrpresidentfathercharles,"Possible spoilers ahead. Hover to view.A very interesting game that explores some aspects of life that affect us all, but are not very fun to talk about. Whether Coda is the game developer, a friend, or a fictional character, I feel there is a way that this relates to us all.[/spolier]"
76561198165369803,Recommended,303210,19983119,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tohaver1,Wow. Beautiful worlds. Fascinating narrative.
,Recommended,303210,19983371,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,popscotch112,This game is amazing. One of the best experiences ever. Buy this game!
76561197995489881,Recommended,303210,19977029,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PaperTie,"If you go into this understanding what it is (a piece of interactive fiction told using the Source Engine with essentially no gameplay mechanics) and wanting to experience it, I don't think you'll be disappointed. I enjoyed this."
,Recommended,303210,19977067,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Funny Nixontine,Another game from the only person that makes good walking simulators. I'd reccomend picking it up for $6 on sale right now because while it is great it will only occupy around 2 hours of your time. You will feel terrible for at least the whole day after that but it is a fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,303210,19977082,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,genus booking,if you want to buy it just watch it on youtube although that would be a waste of time as well
,Recommended,303210,19974804,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,EnterNameHere,This is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,303210,19970898,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,gus,"""Omg this game is sooo deep! I love it, because I'm kind of an intellectual myself""No, this is just a terrible game."
,Recommended,303210,18326994,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Skuggasveinn,"I rarely write a review on steam because I don’t feel the need. But somehow now I feel the need, yet I don't know what to say about The Beginner’s Guide.I finished walking through this narrative journey a couple of hours ago and since then I’ve not done anything, I’ve just been staring at the screen, not looking at anything on my computer, I’ve been looking at me, thinking about my life, about some of the choices I’ve made, about my relationships with other people, about the creative things that I create that I almost never show to other people.If a book, movie, video game, painting, music or any other form of creation can stop you in your tracks and make you reflect and think, then I believe the highest level of art form has been reached for that given media.The Beginner’s Guide did just that.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18327015,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,1RV34,"I don't have words for it, but The Beginner's Guide will tell you everything.I hope it reaches it's destination."
76561198002961620,Recommended,303210,18327110,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,WWZack,"Wow, that was incredibly deep, and a fantastic look into someones life with aspergers, depression, isolation.  Absolutely loved it.   One art please."
76561198043864149,Recommended,303210,18336018,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Dutch Galaxy,is. is this real? like is everything that happened in the game from what he said to the games them selves are they real? is coda real? i mean he seems...i dont even know i just. even i feel sorry and i dont know what to do anymore. can someone help me? or do i need to help someone
76561198117317060,Recommended,303210,18336071,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Montana Thunder,"I watched Sips' plathrough on youtube, and even though I saw the whole game in that video, I had to buy the game just to show I appreciate its value. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,303210,18336217,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Space Pope,"When people talk about games being artsy, high-brow walking simulators, this is what they mean.When people talk about those games being works of art that elevate the medium and move people, this is also what they mean.This game made me feel as horrified as any horror game.  But it also made me care about a human being purely through art.10/10"
76561198012347338,Recommended,303210,18336242,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Billy Bong Thornton,"The Beginners Guide is a perfect example of how computer games, when done right, are undeniably a legitimate platform for art, capable of evoking all sorts of feels. The game plays out over about 1.5 to 2 hours, depending on how much you choose to immerse yourself in the story. The game has no guns, no countdown clock, no flag to capture, and even when you encounter a puzzle you are handed the solutions.On the surface the game is a compilation of someone else's unfinished works, smoothly connected and edited by the narrator/creator, but at about halfway through the game starts to feel more like an interactive diary, focusing on the relationship and mental health of two game designers.Little more can be said for this game, it is simply something you must experience in a single, uninterrupted sitting. Because of its simplicity, it is also a game that anyone, regardless of gaming skills, can experience equally. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18336256,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Return of Jerry,"Hooooooo boy. What to say. You'll certainly have a lot to think about after playing this, I'll tell you that.I wouldn't necessarily call this a ""game"" exactly. It feels more like an interactive documentary. A very, very personal documentary. A documentary that documents its creator as much as its subject. As an aspiring game designer myself, it was sort of interesting seeing how this particular person's games evolved through time. But as I went onward, the dynamic between the narrator and the creator becomes much more interesting than the games being shown.I give this a recommendation because it left me with so much to think about- something I always consider a plus. And there were a number of Coda's games that I thought were really interesting. But there's something that makes me hesitate a little. I'll put the rest under a spoiler box, since it deals with some of the end-game material.I don't know if this is a true story or not, but if it is, releasing this game to the public (and charging money for it, no less) seems an INCREDIBLY unhealthy thing to do, given what the narrator says towards the end. If it's not a true story... well, that takes some of the emotional punch out of the email scene for one, but more importantly, it doesn't really have an ending that comes even close to being naratively satisfying. Perhaps it's because this person's ""story"" hasn't really ended either, which I can understand, but I'm not quite sure how I feel about it. It feels like half of an autobiography. Still interesting, but not quite as satisfying."
,Recommended,303210,18336446,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Lazarus_Fox,"This game interacts with people in its own way. No review can tell you wether to buy this game or not, the choices are up to you... And that's what this game is all about, the choices we make as people and the things we tell ourselves to reassure us that we're okay. Some of us need to clean house more than others, and sometimes we need help with that. Allover, I would recommend this game for people to play when alone and have time to think."
,Recommended,303210,18338143,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Skereton,"Well. This game really hits home. It should be a must-play for everyone trying to understand game-design in the slightest. It really is an experience that'll stick with you for quite a while.Yes, it's short. Every review will tell you this. But it's worth it. Believe me."
76561198038864953,Recommended,303210,18338238,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Xen,"I really don't know whether to recommend this game. It's one of the most emotional and thought-provoking games I've ever played but in those terms it is also quite disturbing in a sense. It's quite short (took me 80 mins to play through) but the narrator pulls you through. It's a very ""meta"" game about making art in general and anyone who does anything creative should play it (or not - you'll see why if you do play it).This is one that will have you thinking about it for weeks afterwards despite it's length."
76561198075865975,Recommended,303210,18338674,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Gorbad2504,"very great game, not what i expected, helping me through stuff and i dont know how or why it is."
,Recommended,303210,18338714,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Tangerine,"This game displays something i think is absolutely different.  The idea of video games as a medium is something that i dont think anyone has yet to master fully, there is unlimited potential to show something to someone through a video game and that to me is a lot of why i love games like this, that are more about what the person is trying to say and less about what it literally is. This says a lot about this person and what they are and are not. This game might not be for most people, its a game where you have to have a certain way of thinking about the world around you or you are going to be either overwhelmed or lost in the dark because you have to be willing to understand the abstract thoughts of these people. I love this game for showing that in a way that i have never seen or imagined possible and i want to thank Davey for creating this.  If you are someone who really wants to just watch something that inspires a variety of emotions inside of you in the medium of video games then you must take a look at this for more reasons than i could ever hope to capture and i want you all to think about what things you take from this and how it makes you feel because thats what it is all about. i hope you sincerely give this game a chance to show you just what games are capable of and just how powerful this medium is and that it is so far from our ability to use it to its greatest potential right now that i cannot imagine what it must take to make the leap of faith that our friend davey has made by publishing this game."
76561198098149921,Recommended,303210,18341462,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Bogwedgle,"This game is imperfect, it can be far too overt with what it's trying to say, it's a little awkward in places and, though this is only speculation, I feel like it could fall flat for a lot of people because if you haven't had similar experiences, it will be hard to connect to what's being represented.However, for me at least this game was a very singular experience and one which I'm happy I had, I would recomend this to anyone who's suffered from depression, anxiety disorders or struggled with your creativity."
76561198089854514,Recommended,303210,20199410,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ChemicallyBlueGreen,"It's hard to say when I first reviewed this game I had yet to finish it. I was about half way done and I'd already thought it was pretty well done. And Coda himself seemed very.... Distant from the creator. Now seeing the ending, I'd like to say directly to the creator. I may never meet you, I may never shake your hand or even know what you look like, but know this. The Stanley Parable gave me a reason to laugh, in a point in my life in which I had very few reasons to laugh.And this game made me cry, just because I can't sympathize enough. I've had similar experience trying to help someone distant and they cut you off. I'd say Coda's last level was a barricade, mean't for no one to see. Unfortunately, the creator, I think his name is Davey, I'm not sure. But he saw it. And I know where Coda's coming from unfortunately. I suppose for him it was a way to get his internal thoughts on to a digital plain.A side note to the creator, Davey. After I saw the end, I have nothing but sympathy. And honestly, this just makes me wish I could meet you. Because to me, you're like Coda. TSP, inspired me to create games that, in truth no one will really play besides my friends but I hope you realize, that you don't need anyones approval but you're own. In truth, I hope you never give up.-Kris Cole"
,Recommended,303210,23212883,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,undulating bread,"This game was entirely unexpected but extremely enjoyable.Also weird, but a good weird."
,Recommended,303210,23224705,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DietDrGeek,Not much of a game but a great experience. Feels will be had.
,Recommended,303210,23389989,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kirin,"I can't really say much about a game like this, except that it is good, it has a powerful message, and I enjoyed playing it. To say much more would be to give away everything that makes this game good. If you liked The Stanley Parable, you'll love this."
76561198275071054,Recommended,303210,23404360,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,wattpadgirl99,"wow, a tear jerker for a game, it makes you realise that what people feel like when having depression, seeing jacksepticeye play this game its amazing, and I would love to see more games like this that are lengthy and have passion and talk about what people enjoy I loved this game even watching it from a different person perspective, it is the best game I've played so far good job to the people that made this games"
76561197967244540,Recommended,303210,23531546,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,RinValak,"There's really no way to review a game like this without spoilers. Suffice to say, it's good and check it out if you're into games like Dear Esther & Stanley Parable. So on to the spoilered review. I'd recommending only reading if you're really never going to play this--or if you've already beaten it.The Beginner's Guide is open to interpretation, so here are my two interpretations:1) Most likely: Coda is just an aspect of Davey's creativity that he feels he's lost ever since he started sharing his work with other people. The side that followed artistic hunches and didn't make clean endings or solutions. The weird, quirky, creative side that made games with no regard for anyone ever playing them.2) Not likely, but way way more interesting: The game is a messy, intentionally unclear tangle of emotions about a very real story. I'll try to break down my theory as clearly as I can. There are 3 characters: Davey, Coda, and The Girl (""R""). Davey and Coda are two sides of the same person, but The Girl is a separate person, referred to at the end ""dedicated to: R."" Davey has struggled with the two sides of himself--the side that wants to push the boundaries for what ""games"" are, vs. the side that wants so badly for people to play and enjoy his games and praise him for his work. He found this weird side of himself in school (when he says he met Coda), and got obsessed with it.So far that just sounds like scenario #1, above, right? I think The Girl, R., betrayed Davey's trust with the best intentions, either by showing people his games against his wishes, telling people about his depression, or something else entirely. I think Davey reacted very harshly to this betrayal and absolutely crushed R's feelings, even though she meant well. Remember the girl crying on the couch? I hope they've just lost contact since then, but I suspect she committed suicide at some point, not necessarily because of Davey, but he still blames himself and uses The Beginners Guide as a way of reaching out to her memory, honoring her, expressing how he understands how she felt and what he did and he's sorry, but there's no bringing her back.Honestly, I hope I'm wrong and that it's just scenario 1--and at the same time I find scenario 1 disappointingly simple. 2 is much more interesting, emotional, and personal--but also really sad.Either way, thanks for the game Davey."
76561198128803658,Recommended,303210,23529600,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,chasity.nichole,I guess I would describe this as more of an experience than a typical game. It's a very good and very immersive experience and unlike anything else I have ever played through before. It is surprisingly atmospheric.It is a game very in touch with what it means to be human. The chapters are very visually interesting as are the views expressed by the 'guide.' The ending of the game is unexpected and completely worth playing through to the end.Really loved it.
,Recommended,303210,23541077,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Existentialism&Pizza,"If you don't like listening to someone ramble about philosophy, videogames, creativy, the urge to create and personal problems for 2 hours with minimal gameplay, than this game isn't for you.If you are interested in all of these topics, you will love this game."
,Recommended,303210,23451193,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Eternal Screaming Void,"I'm confused and emotional and i don't know what just happened, but it was good"
76561198052290051,Recommended,303210,23935407,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,elhao,"If you ever have had a bad day and think to yourself ""Well, might as well ruin my evening, too"" play this game. This would give Tracer from Overwatch depression."
,Recommended,303210,23941074,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fortunedog66,Great Experience If your a fan of a great narative type story look no further. The only bad thing about this game that I could think of would be the replayability. I got this game while it was on sale so that didn't bother me. If you have the extra money it's an experience worth having.
,Recommended,303210,23941186,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alexo,Get it.
,Recommended,303210,23939158,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sauko,Coda please return
76561198119615802,Recommended,303210,23933461,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Caninus*Conan,"First reaction: ""Wow""It is such a beautiful game, at the End I had to cry :)It gives you so many messages...I highly recommend it. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,23937685,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,StockDama,This is a note.
,Recommended,303210,18416183,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ΨStealthStalkerΨ,"This game was amazing, but i have a question was this based on a true story?"
,Recommended,303210,23977993,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yablko,A good video game.
,Recommended,303210,23977758,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Goatmeal,"Very engaging, emotional, and thought-provoking experience. However, I'm left unsure of how to feel about the developer. It's hard to determine the sincerity of the presentation, especially given the fact the game costs money -- something that leads me to believe that all the content included is by the developer Davey's hand. If you're reading this Davey, you have my validation.All that said, the entertainment value makes it worth around $5 or so. I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,303210,23999031,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RMS,What a wonderful piece of art. It spoke to me.
,Not Recommended,303210,23974526,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Goose (R8),"Made by the same creator of the Stanley Parable... I do wonder if the emotion conveyed through this game is genuine. I wonder if Coda the main character of talking even exists or if he/she is a made up entity simple to create a game around the ficticious emotion. I really wonder if davey is a real person. I got bored wondering and doubting that these games were real. I wish that if this game is real with it's intentions that the two adults would get over themselves and their drama.  Interesting game. I bought it because it had the tagline of a game to make you think. and I did think, but I don't know if I care about the things that I thought about. If coda is reading this and exists, I think your abstract art is not that good. Except for the cleaning level... I did think that had a cool narrative on living in the present. Either way, kind of a petty idea to convey over 80 minutes, especially because all you pull from it is that you should be mindful of others. I still liked it i think though. Wish I wouldve laughed like i did at stanley parable. If coda made stanley parable then good job. you win on that one."
76561198044966741,Recommended,303210,18374524,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Shitler,good game. it can be a bit boring at times and it is not like the stanly parable just a warning. it can also get kind of depressing but overall its a very well put-together game
,Recommended,303210,18332488,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,pls,"Besides the basic gaming stuff, I really don't know how should I feel about this ""event"". Should I be mad participiating such personal issue without knowing or should I feel ok Wreden's intention is purely naive -or not-. I both feel angry and well about this game right now. I think I have to sleep on it."
76561198055906544,Recommended,303210,18374778,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,math723,An amazing experience.
,Recommended,303210,18377966,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Karma's Camera,"This review will be in 2 portions.For review itself, I will keep it short and simple:""Do not watch someone else play this. Get this for yourself; I beg of those who are interested or are content creators to play this for themselves.""The second part of this review is a personal story of mine.The whole game reminded me of said friend whom I have known for quite a while, but not really for decades, so to say. He creates artwork that I always enjoyed experiencing and interacting with in some way, and he would interact with me in return when it came to said artwork; it would always brighten up my day/week whenever I felt bad or good and made me know him little more every time. It felt amazing and I would just forget everything terrible that was happening around me every time. It was what got me started on creating and sharing artwork with him (And others) as well, with photography, drawings and such. I kept going in hopes that I would get to share my creations as well and hear his thoughts. In a way he broke down barriers that I put up; I can't thank him enough for that.But then, as time went on, it slowly happened less and less; I witnessed him do the same thing he did with me, but it was happening with others. Even though he is a dear friend, I was (And I am still) afraid to reach out to him, yet I would be filled with such joy when he would reach out to me and have fun chewing the fat, sharing our work, or whatever.I am afraid to speak out, not because I believe that my work is ""bad"" or ""dumb"".It's because I am afraid that I would be intentionally ignored/left out; I am afraid that because I admire his work, him sharing with me on such a level or at all won't happen anymore because I always want to know in one way or another what he thinks when he finishes them and I kept having that desire.I feel as though I have failed him, as well as myself...And it's all my fault.But have I really failed to connect with him because I don't know him as much as he wanted? Or that I know too much and want more? I want to say: ""No, that can't be true, there has to be something else that isn't my fault"", but the writing might be on the wall.I want to share my perceptions with him when it comes to my work/experiences, however silly or serious they might be. I can't stop myself from doing it; I physically can't. And I want him to do the same.But I don't want to unintentionally burn bridges that have held up for so long when I'm trying to keep them up.In my head, I've created this ""echo-chamber"" with messages bouncing around inside that say things like: ""Oh, it's only just a phase, both of you will get over it,"" or ""Just keep going at it with your work, you'll find common ground soon enough.""So...what's the solution? If I try to connect, I'll most likely frustrate him to the point where he might just ""go somewhere else"" with him resenting me.If I don't say anything at all on the other hand, nothing will get done and things will simply fall apart because nothing would be holding anything up.I only want him to see the big picture here, but maybe it's asking too much out of him. Or maybe I'm not seeing something at a certain angle, even though I felt like I have exhausted every viewpoint possible.It's like an entirely new prison that has locked me inside and I can't get out of, all while something is beating up me inside over and over again no matter what I do.I create things to share, and not just artwork.But if I do, I might just alienate others in the process...But I want that feeling to go away and never come back...More than anything else in the world."
,Recommended,303210,18378012,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,James E. L. L. Yale,Wonderfully human.
76561198062736823,Recommended,303210,18378028,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Diabro,Empathy simulator 2015
76561198167848053,Recommended,303210,18378047,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,cc3769,this game made me cry. i loved the story he had made his games into. i love the way he feels about this man. i love the way you brings light and hope into some of these dark games. the way he made the world spin when you are not sure what to make of it. the way you think you understand just to turn around and see nothingness. this game made me feel what it feels like to be a human. what it feels like to not beunder stood. how trying to make somthing better that was already great will lead to end and always lead to darkness.               thank you for making this game.
,Recommended,303210,18378051,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,math crab,Buy this game if you are an artist of any form. Be cautious otherwise. Do not expect another Stanley Parable.
,Recommended,303210,18378058,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,makusu2,This was really good... and I was thinking about some old friends when I played it. I saw them in the games.  It was amazing.
,Recommended,303210,18378097,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dusty Bergan,One of the only games ive ever played that makes you feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for just buying it.10/10
,Recommended,303210,18378185,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SlyGarbage,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,303210,18379377,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,RetroGuy3210,"Okay, this game is definitely not for everyone. It's more about the dialogue and the writing rather than the gameplay. The gameplay is definitely playing a big part in the story, but this game is really for those who are into the story based genre of games. It's short, and has little replay value, and you spend a lot of your time walking through the abstract levels. The more you read about this game, the less meaningful it is. You will get the best experience if you just play the game without knowing anything.Also, there is one puzzle, and it is reused about 5 or 6 times in the game, but for a good reason."
76561198043365304,Recommended,303210,18379413,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,taiconan,"Recommended ONLY for those currently wearing WIDE angle lenses on their brains(you know who you are). Oh and maybe two psych courses under your belt, just for good measure.Bought on sale. Pricey for the length (by my usual standards) but in this case, well worth the existential quandry."
,Recommended,303210,18379479,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,vague_hit,"I HAVE NO IDEA IF WHAT I'VE WRITTEN COUNTS AS A SPOILER AS I DO NOT TALK DIRECTLY ABOUT THE GAME, ONLY ABOUT THE THINGS IT MADE ME THINK ABOUT AFTERWARDS. SO... SPOILER, MAYBE?I'm surprised by the reviews saying the game offends them by daring to suggest that gaming is futile (it doesn't, by the way) and then going on to say that most people don't understand it, and that's why they're saying it's a great game.As both an artist and an academic, I understand this game. I'm not a game designer so I don't understand that aspect but I do play a lot of games, and always have. Based on things the author has said once you go through his personal blog it's pretty obvious what the game is about (just go to the Steam forums for this game and people have pointed it out).From a purely narrative perspective, the over-arching story itself is crafted exceptionally well. Once you've completed the 'game', the story is framed differently in your mind and completely changes it on a second playthrough, if you feel a second playthrough is warranted. Personally, I ended up just thinking about the game, my own artistic endeavours, my need for validation and my novel I'm meant to be editing for a publisher which I put off for a long break to play this instead and then woke up to more thoughts about the game.The game is genuinely complex and, if your life experience matches in some way the emotional path it takes you through, you'll be thinking about it for a long time. Even if it doesn't, it may strike a chord in you. Quite likely, it'll pop up in your thoughts years down the track.Do I recommend this game? Yes. You might hate it or see it as pointless but it genuinely deserves to be bought, seen and experienced. I genuinely feel that this is the game that, if presented to Roger Ebert were he still alive, he would concede that games can indeed be Art."
76561197970414338,Recommended,303210,18379717,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,- --==) T (==-- -,A game about unpacking the thoughts and feelings of someone based on their art.  That may sound mundane but the story is told brilliantly and the game takes you on a mental journey with strange twists and turns throughout.  This is definitely an excercise of emotion and thinking outside the box.  It's not for everyone but critical thinkers and amateur psychiatrists world wide will find it rewarding.
,Recommended,303210,18379768,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cherry,This is a game you play once.
,Recommended,303210,18379886,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,zoid5,"This is not a game to play for fun. It is not a game to idly enjoy. All of the games included are very intriguing, but Dave's narration is heartbreaking. I hope both he and Coda find what they are looking for."
,Recommended,303210,18378827,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mr. Barnacle,Don't come into this thinking it is like The Stanley Parable. It's not. It's a deep narrative with a lot of story. Prepare yourself before playing this game. Set aside an hour and a half. No expectations.This game addresses human behavior at it's core.
76561198076076119,Recommended,303210,18378865,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HAGENAH,"Beautiful, powerful, fascinating, lots of walking."
,Recommended,303210,18378951,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Raphael Silverman,"I... don't know.I don't know how this game made me feel. Well, that's not strictly true. I can isolate specific instances where I felt great sadness, or embarressment for someone.I felt joy at the work, and was moved by the leveles in a way that I'm not familiar with.I don't know how real this is, or how ethical this game truly is.But there's never been anything else like it, and I don't know how it's made me feel"
,Recommended,303210,18379068,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Candyycanne,"More of a logical experience, where you follow along a depressing road. I understand what the creator is trying to show and say. How these events effect many of us and how we are stuck at a loss of words when trying to fix the situation. 8/10 Good Game!"
,Recommended,303210,18379151,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BloodRoach,"It's a culmination of thougts, it's just your point of view that makes them matter.After finishing this game (of sorts) at one in the morning, I have to say it's an experience.Don't over complicate the meaning of the game, just see a different point of view, stop reading the reviews and just live it."
76561198072057482,Recommended,303210,18379164,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mr. Fingerbottom,"Its a journey thats for certain. The only advice I would give it to play it all in one sitting which, at an hour and a half, is pretty reasonable. The game itself is simplistic and, like the Stanley Parable, based mostly on the atmosphere and narration. Overall, a very innovative approach to storytelling and is sure to keep players engaged and emotionally involved in the events."
76561198044397180,Recommended,303210,18379172,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Penchant,"This really and truly does belong to the ""Walking Simulator"" genre in spite of whatever praise it may receive. I'm not saying that it does not deserve most of the praise it receives, but you really ought to know that this is an entirely linear narrative experience where the player's choices are irrelevant except as a means to fully explore the idea of each of the game's levels.You can't not compare this game to the Stanley Parable, so let me make the differences between the two distinct. Despite obstinately declaring itself a game where choices do not matter across its narrative, the Stanley Parable is recognizable as a type of puzzle game where the player's choices lead to new explorations and discoveries of new branches in the narrative's path.The Beginner's Guide is not a different type of game masquerading as a narrative game. It's thoroughly a narrative game. It is an entirely self-indulgent narrative, totally aware of its self-indulgence. Whereas lesser ""walking simulators"" can feel as though they may as well just have been entirely cinematic, however, this is one of those narratives which could not be told in any other format. I did feel a little brow-beaten by the message of the narrative at a couple of points, and frankly any sophistry about this being a game for intelligent people is lusciously ironic. The message is simple. That's why it works. It's not a narrative to appeal to some kind of intellectual elite. It's a narrative to appeal to people who find some deeply compelling meaning in thinking about themselves and others.It's worth the price of admission for anyone who fits that description. If you are looking for something like a fun way to pass time, this would not be my first choice of a game."
,Recommended,303210,18379187,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Cordor,Was worth everything in my opinion...Nothing more you can say really :/
76561198102452081,Recommended,303210,18377222,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Max,oh.
,Recommended,303210,18377228,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Adorufu Hitoraa,so deep
,Recommended,303210,18377272,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Nex,"This is a fun experience, but I don't consider it to be a game. It's more like Dear Esther than the Stanley Parable, but it's also a hell of a lot more interesting than Dear Esther ever hoped to be. It's fairly short, and you can get a lot more hours_of_gametime/dollar  elsewhere, but The Beginner's Guide absolutely deserves your attention."
,Recommended,303210,18377283,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ghoulie,Yes. Buy. Experience.
,Recommended,303210,18377358,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PonyGazebo,"Honestly, I felt a real connection with this game.  I finished the game about 20 minutes ago and I still have yet to move.  This game forces you to think and connect with either the narrator, Coda, or both.  But mostly, this game makes you reflect on yourself and your life.  It makes you feel something, whether you really want to or not.  The story is simple but beautiful.  I highly recommend taking the hour and a half to play through this game.  It might just affect your life."
76561198106286752,Recommended,303210,18377380,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Ace,"First off, I would NOT recommend this game for regular gamers who expect a ""regular"" game I guess. This game for me just makes you think deep. It tells a very personal story and is very mind boggling in a way when you try to wrap your head around it. To me this game is well worth the money and will really open your eyes and make you think deep."
,Recommended,303210,18377403,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Phillipus,"As I write this, the number one ""Most Helpful"" review is negative.  It says that this is only for developers, that this is Davey Wreden's response to negative reviews, that it only exists to show that making games is difficult.That is wrong.This is the most moving game I have played in a long time, and it represents many things.  To some, this game may represent hope, to others it may be freedom of expression, to others it may be the fear of being the same as everyone else, etc.  This game may not be for everyone, but I guarantee that it will be an extremely moving experience for anyone.Davey Wreden - You probably won't read this, but I hope you reconcile with Coda.  He must understand that you were only trying to help (but publishing all of his games may push him further away).  I loved the Stanley Parable and hope to see more games.Coda - It's even less likely that you'll read this, but your games are genuinely interesting and made me think about life in ways that I haven't before.  I don't care if you never release a single game again, even to close friends or family, but please don't stop making games.  They are too unique, and even if no one other than you sees them, their very existence will be enough.To both of you: thank you."
,Recommended,303210,18377402,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Green Haven Gaming,This game made me feel truly hate for the creator  if it was real but if it wasint it was brillianty done cuss i coldint put it down cuss i love every moment of this art. plz dont ruine it for your self by waching videos on it. trust me just get it.
,Recommended,303210,18377510,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ZeSmith,"I can't say much about this game, first because it would spoil things, and second because I don't really know. But I feel like it's still something that's meant to be experienced. Something that's meant to be broken down and thought about and regurgitated."
,Recommended,303210,18377529,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Anamay Frog,"Great game, totally worth the money.Likes:- Very entertaining- Great soundtrack- Powerful storyDislikes:- All you do is walkThat's not that bad though, it's all you really need.- Graphics could be a bit better- Very short gameOverall, BUY THIS GAME, it's a great way to spend 1-2 hours."
,Recommended,303210,18377743,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,dj-l|whaaaaat?!,Great philosophic story which provokes to thought.
,Recommended,303210,18377801,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,fallenmemelord,This is going to go down as one of the best games I've ever played. Absolutely beautiful.
76561198040445408,Recommended,303210,18377838,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,LostInTheMagic,"I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I started playing this game. As the game described, I thought it would just be some insight into the mind of a stranger. I didn't expect to go on the emotional roller coaster that it sent me through. This is a kind of game that makes you really sit back and think. It's something that stays with you long after you play it. It's not a traditional game in the slightest but it's still something that you should definetely check out if you're looking for something to give you some persective on the world, and perhaps, your own life."
,Recommended,303210,18377858,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,DYLSTER501,0:32 on the trailer was never in the game?
,Recommended,303210,18377871,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,jopperstaluf,Deep as the ocean. Really great game that just makes you feel connected in someway.Basically knowing the struggle between the thin line of what you think you're doing the right thing for a good friend and borderline of the morales and respect you have for the good friend.
,Recommended,303210,18352570,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Budgie,"I'm sorry, Davey.I was so conflicted about whether or not to write this review.But people need to know about this game.I hope I understand, but if I do I would never want to ask you.10/10"
76561198005551923,Recommended,303210,18352633,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Thants,"Lets get this out of the way. This game will take you 1.5-2 hours to complete. There is no replay value. No branching paths or alternative endings. No real game mechanics. It is entirely narrative focused. It asks the player to reflect, to analyze past what it presented. It can be interpreted as narcissistic, self-indulgent or up its own♥♥♥♥♥ If these things will bother you, then you probably won't like this game. I do recommend giving it a chance.Because having said this, I cannot stop thinking about this game. It is the most engaging game I have played in recent memory.  If you go in expecting a unique and complex experience, you won’t be disappointed.For the reasons I have listed above it will be hailed as “not a game”. To that I say, just shut up. Please. A game can be whatever it wants to be. Something, something encourage diversity in gaming, something, something, Call of Duty, something, something, or else the robots win."
,Recommended,303210,18352733,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jerry Cuckheimer,"Absolutely astonishing. Worth your time, money and patience for an emotional experience like no other."
,Recommended,303210,18354680,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,a.asphaug,It's good! Has layers. Is innovative.
76561198041322423,Recommended,303210,18354715,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Griffin,"......................................You will understand, why there are no words to be said."
,Recommended,303210,18354786,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,morhguel,A dark and deep interactive meta-movie about a game developer's subconscious. This is not a game. This is art. 10/10
76561197993995997,Recommended,303210,18401662,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bunnyfrog the verdant,"This... Is not a game. This is better. This is distilled. This is a basic concept, with pretty graphics. This is a visual novel with one character. This is... simple, but not. This is not worth money, but worth time."
,Recommended,303210,18401744,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,TattedWeazel,"Engaging in ways I wouldn't think to be enjoyable if they were simply explained to me. In my opinion, this is a great example of how the medium of video games is similar enough to other mediums to allow for telling a great story, but different enough to do it in a way no other method can.I really enjoyed The Stanely Parable, like many other people, but that doesn't matter. This is not that game... in so many ways.Short enough to be digestible, but not without impact. I'm sure I'll be thinking about this game for much, much longer than I spent playing it. To me, that means something."
,Recommended,303210,18401770,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Donny Donowitz,damnwell now I feel crappytotally recommend
,Recommended,303210,18401786,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BurstCoffee,"Hard to put things in words to describe what this game is about. It's more of an interactive story, but it needs to be seen. Take an hour, take The Beginner's Guide, and think during and after the experience."
,Recommended,303210,18402002,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,birdsaround,"It's not a game. It's a novel while a two-hour (or less) walking tour around game prototypes. Not funny unlike Stanley Parable, but i liked this one as well. Not sure if there's a way to turn subtitles on, so better prepare for a lots of listening."
,Recommended,303210,18331264,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,pikadickachu,One of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,303210,18331329,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Alexsh,I hope coda makes more games
76561198037261069,Recommended,303210,18331343,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,S1lverScorp1on5,"I don't write reviews.  But for this game, I'm making an exception.  When I finished, I immediately set out to the forums on steam, and looked through discussions to find answers.  To be completely honest, I was a little disappointed.  I had so many unanswered questions.  That's the kind of person I am, I always seek to know not just the ""what"", but the ""why"".  The why is so much more important to me.  After reading through many discussions, I sat back, and thought long and hard about it.  Then, a thought occurred to me, and I started writing this review to convey that message to others.  In a realistic sense, this game doesn't make much sense, and leaves too many questions unanswered, which I couldn't accept as a person.  But when I stopped thinking of it so literally, and started thinking of the game as a metaphor, I realized that there are no questions in the first place.  Throughout the entire game, without getting into too much detail, there is a repeating theme of unanswered questions and impossible puzzles.  In one puzzle in a game, you are stuck in a square with one door.  There is no way to open the door.  If that doesn't spell impossible, I don't know what does.  But this game  throws repeated impossibilities at you.  With the ending, many people including myself wanted answers, evidence, proof.  But that's not how this game works.  This is one game, whether you like it or not, that you just have to accept for what it is, and take away from it what you will."
,Recommended,303210,18331367,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,losttimelady,"I saw the buzz about this game on a few game media twitter feeds, then I read Jim Sterling's thoughts on the game then I heard he and Laura Dale would be doing a discussion podcast about it. ""This"" I thought, ""must be one hell of an experiance"".I've not played any of the so-called ""walking simulator"" games so I couldn't tell you if this falls into that catagory, what I can say is that the narrative unfolds based on the player's action. To do nothing, causes nothing. There is choice, but I cannot say how much of that is the illusion of choice (the creator is the one behind The Stanley Parable after all!)Plotwise it addressed quite a few things that I personally wrestle with as well as how we percieve ourselves and others. In fact, to be writing this review feels like a hypocracy but you'd have to play it to know what I mean. It also seems to meditates on the notion of art for art's sake, at least that something I took away from it.I don't know if I can recommend it, but I think people should play it."
76561198060097359,Recommended,303210,18337659,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Paladon,But is it true?
,Recommended,303210,18337820,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jstymie,"I'd like to write a nice, thorough explanation of why I think everyone should play this game, but ninjas are apparently cutting onions right in front of me.It's hard to say what made The Beginner's Guide so incredible without spoiling it, it's a game that really just needs to be experienced with as little preface as possible.  The one thing worth saying is, this is not a puzzle game -- this is not a game you are trying to ""beat.""  This is a game where the small portions where you're given control exist to allow you to experience an emotion for yourself.If you're someone who has dealt with depression or isolation, or has ever had difficulty expressing yourself to others, parts of this game will hit home hard.  But that's not necessarily a bad thing."
,Recommended,303210,18337864,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,gaurdianAQ,wait... WHAT?!?! I just... did I? I'm gonna go lie down now...
,Recommended,303210,19107365,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Gaillard,It's a game about multiple personality disorder.
76561198037462130,Recommended,303210,19108983,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,2Spooky4U,"I recently played this game with my brother, who has a very definite view of what a video game is supposed to be. I, on the other hand, tend to be kind of wishy washy on what I consider a game to be.During the beginning of the game, he made snarky remarks, mentioning how 'typical' this indie game was, how unnecessary the added commentary was, how pretentious this game was. It drove me insane, I just wanted him to shut up so I could understand the true meaning of this game and enjoy the symbolism being presented in this game. We both had our own perspective on what this game's intentions were and we were so sure we would be correct.Imagine our shock when, as the game came to it's stunning climax, we were both proven wrong about this game's true meaning.I reccomend this game for everyone who considers themselves any sort of gamer. I especially think this game would resonate well (perhaps even strike a chord or two) for game developers, in particular those long time game developers who see themselves as wise and knowledgeable in the field of game design.This game, or experience I should say, will change how you see and understand games, friends, family, fellow gamers and developers, and you.Play it. Do it now."
,Recommended,303210,19106403,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Chevs,I could say so much about this game but I won't at risk you will not experience it.So many questions now...10/10.
,Recommended,303210,19105615,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SimGuy,"This game is not a sequel or in the style of The Stanley Parable. It's not likely to make you laugh. It might even make you cry, but it's a wonderful and powerful story.  Block out about 90 minutes and just play the game from start to finish.  Some people say it's not worth $10.   It's a little steep for 90 minutes of content, but I thought it was worth it.I can't give any more details, as they would be spoilers."
76561197977563154,Recommended,303210,19077876,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,peg,"The only thing one needs to know is that this is rather a piece of art than an actual game and it's definitely not for everyone. If you're looking for something more than a narrated journey you might want to pass.Otherwise I recommend to shut the door, get yourself comfortable, grab a bottle of beer (or wine) and enjoy it in one go, preferably undisturbed."
76561198203110786,Recommended,303210,26790440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,flamingviola,"This was different, this was new, and it was 100% Worth the Ride.Warnings for feels."
76561197963309269,Recommended,303210,26768286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dream,"Perhaps it's not much of a game, but The Beginner's Guide has a certain honesty to it--just not in the way you would expect it. It's a wonderful exploration of narrative sincerity, embodied within a first-person trek through human fragility."
,Recommended,303210,26710269,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,tameTNT,"Before I begin this review can I just say that 1.I just played this game and am writing the review right after and 2.This game is not like the stanley parable (which by the way you should also get) in that it is not funny and does not have light hearted commentary. This is a deeply moving game with very well thought out narration. But please: don't let yourself be put off by the fact it is not a comedy; you would be missing out on so much.The Beginner's Guide is one of the best, no sorry, THE best narration game I have ever played. It is an emotional story that begs questions and provokes thought into the many aspects of game development. You are best off going right into this game, not reading the decription and not watching the trailer (seriously the trailer doesn't really reflect the game at all, I feel). Just play the game. Set aside twoish hours to play it right through in one go and let the story wash over you. You will love it so long as you are a person who feels. Price is not really a problem here. Buy it on sale or not as it is worth every penny that it is sold for. Not many games can move you to tears..."
,Recommended,303210,26781488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asomnu,"A nebula of games within a game. This astounding work of art will leave you lost in thought, amazed, wrecked... and you will not even know why.Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,303210,26797359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Bucket O Spam,"In many ways, The Beginner's Guide proves itself to be an unexpected treat. It will not last for a long time either in length or replayability, being even shorter than The Stanley Parable, but it is likely one of the most insightful examples of storytelling and possible psychoanalysis that you will come across. If you are interested in a meta-commentary about art and the artist, mixed in with a tad bit of underlying mistrust and skepticism, this one is for you. Consider, perhaps, one question: Why build a title like this?"
,Recommended,303210,26797501,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chipgw,"Came expecting Stanley Parable, got emotionally punched in the gut instead. (In a good way)"
,Recommended,303210,18279716,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Thetom5000,"I dont consider this a game, i consider it a work of art, the story visual and music are fantastic. this game spoke to me. and im sure it will relate to anyone out there who decides to play it. i highly recommond this game it is the best experince i have had playing a video game thus far!"
,Recommended,303210,26796683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,krysppy,lol my eye rained
,Recommended,303210,26464703,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ChoirBass,Finally a game thats fully devoted for the art of games. Looking into the deeper meaning and showing you the mind and experiences of an individual who's mental state is one we can all relate to. If youre struggling this game is well worth the price of a hamburger and fries.
76561197969613755,Recommended,303210,26465140,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Reddevil67,"Not a lot I can say about this......Just pay your money, sit back and experiance something.............."
,Recommended,303210,26479184,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Rixas,This is a very emotional and thought provoking game.  All the feels.
,Recommended,303210,26508208,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,That Moving Castle,I wasn't prepared for how deep that was going to be...try it. You'll see what I mean.
,Recommended,303210,26506530,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Blakbird,"It starts out innocently enough, and then turns dark... and then causes feelings of guilt, sadness, pity, or whatever you may feel depending on what kind of person you are.This is not a fun game. It's not fun at all.But like a good movie, it may cause you to think more deeply about some of the decisions you have made (or will make) in your life."
,Not Recommended,303210,26569600,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LlamaDragon,"It's like art that I don't like.  Still art, other people think it's great and that's fine, but it's not for me."
76561198062577056,Recommended,303210,26477170,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cassius Clay™,"To call this a ""game"" would just not be correct. This is so much more than just a game. It's surreal, it's cathartic, it's so much more than one could ask for and even if for some reason the story and everything about this game is fictional and all made up, that would be just fine because whether it's real or not doesn't deny the emotions that this ""game"" will make you feel. In the two hours that I've spent in this game, I would say that it was immensely more worth it than the dozens and even hundreds of hours that I've spent in other games.Do I recommend this game?A profound ""yes"" is the only acceptable answer to that question."
76561198010796087,Recommended,303210,26463658,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,liam.leblanc,Not a game. A story about people. I'd recommend it takes a little more than an hour and might make you sad but it'll make you think.
,Recommended,303210,26463859,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lewis12,"this experience is like walking into someone's soul.it is not a game in the traditional sense,but it's oh so much more than that!"
76561198042671706,Recommended,303210,26469282,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Grisha_Pro,"I played many games before and fun as they are, this take the cake of how i usualy look at game with new prespective: What makes games worth playing. For the first time i felt touched by the video game. It game new vision how games can be interactive. I loved this game a lot, and i'd say this game is best $10 game i played yet."
76561197996767031,Recommended,303210,26482793,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,T0SS,"The Beginner's Guide is an experience that reaches far beyond what most games have to offer at the moment. It's less of a game, and more of a meditation on game critiques, cognitive bias, and game development as a whole. It's the first game that truly felt like art, and less like a ""game"""
76561198043932483,Recommended,303210,26496572,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mochablendedfun,See also: Synechdoche.
,Recommended,303210,18387900,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ave,"The game itself is awesome. And the feelings are real. Buy it.But spoiler:publishing the content made by others (ahem, coda) is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move, even if you do it to reach to someone.Especially considering that he said ""Don't share my games with people"" in the last part"
76561198004486981,Not Recommended,303210,19019365,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,narval,"This is very unlike Stanley's Parable, in which you have the feeling that the narrator reacts to your action. The Beginner's Guide is very different, there is no decision to take, just navigate from ""level/game"" to ""level/game"", said games having basically no gameplay. Do not recommand."
,Recommended,303210,30514228,Posted: 14 March,all,d4rkd0s,"Great game, great story. Is Coda real? I'll be asking myself this forever...."
,Recommended,303210,30499627,Posted: 13 March,all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,Beat it over a year ago and I'm still going through an existential crisis
76561198208037873,Recommended,303210,30494408,Posted: 13 March,all,smolseha,it was not the end i was expecting but it was an eye openning adventure
,Recommended,303210,30462150,Posted: 11 March,all,pattiobear,My game froze for ~3 seconds just before the narrator spoke. Probably a game to install on an SSD.
76561198030491464,Recommended,303210,19145302,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,kibbles0515,"It's no Stanley Parable, but this game has its place in the library of anyone who takes games seriously and really REALLY ponders them.I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll just say that this game means nothing if you don't want to think about it afterwards.  The Stanley Parable made me question the nature of linearity of gameplay in relation to story, and this game makes me think about the ""greater meaning"" of a game; how we connect with the creator to better understand them as a person and artist.That being said, this game only gets a recommendation if you are the kind of person that likes tearing apart a game to really study it.  If you were a fan of The Stanley Parable for its humor, but you didn't dissect it, I don't recommend it.  If you are a fan of the Halos and the Call of Dutys of the world, don't play this.  This is something that really takes a lot of mental investment once it is over, and unless you really care, it isn't worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,19164413,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SwiftLaggy,good game very emotional but it is a must play
,Recommended,303210,19161189,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,VeteranG,Really cool!
,Recommended,303210,19168941,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Blenjamin,"The REAL Depression Quest. All (kind of) jokes  aside, go buy it. It's an experience. If you don't like it the game is less than 2 hours long so you can refund it, so there is no reason not to buy it."
76561198012993981,Recommended,303210,19143953,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Twat Kins,"Don't read up on this game, don't check ratings and comments. Just stop now and trust this game. Just trust it, it will do the rest."
,Recommended,303210,19151634,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Erathresh,"Buy it on sale.  Pretty good walking simulator, but I did feel that $10 was a little bit steep for what we actually got -- if you're expecting another Stanley Parable (which was definitely worth the price in my opinion), this isn't really it, but I did enjoy it enough to recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,18554028,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Steelside,A magical experience unlike any other. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,303210,18361125,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,TR14NGL3S,Learnt a lesson
76561198046204542,Recommended,303210,18553761,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,shadowclaw,I really enjoyed going through the emotional rollarcoaster of the characters involved. This game packs so many themes in a 90 minute adventure which has made it enjoyable and meaningful. The story is very moving and the deep relationships embedded are not to be missed. I love games that make you think and give you a walk through  sensitive topics. It may seem basic but it really has touched reality. Credit to the developers and well worth the money.
,Recommended,303210,18547338,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Balderz_,"This is great game with deep messages and a great story to tell. Get it now, don't spoil anything."
76561197972928560,Recommended,303210,18548006,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ShadowBB,I am the sort of person that hates most modern experssive abstract art because of it's lack of clear meaning and lack of skill/time invested. I am all for unmuddled communication between artist and consumer.This thing brought me on the verge of tears.The pricetag is really the only thing bothering me. It's probably not worth the current price for most people. But for me; it was definitly worth it.
,Recommended,303210,18550816,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Thr0r,Woah.
,Recommended,303210,18542106,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,jcvetters,"To say anything about what this game is, or how it feels, or even what it is not, would do you a disservice. This is not a game to be played with a strategy, nor is it a game meant to be won; The Beginner's Guide is an experience that you must take moment to moment. It will take you maybe ninety minutes, perhaps two hours to complete, and in that time you will wonder if what you're playing can even truly be called a game. I encourage you to question every step and observe every facet you can. This game is worth it."
,Recommended,303210,18542427,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,brothertim,"This game is definitely not what I had expected.  I expected a game similar to The Stanley Parable.  This is very different.  This game is not a comedic story.  The description is pretty concise and accurate, so don't expect depth, just an amazing story.My experience:I started the game because I had some free time and after how much I enjoyed his last game.  I took a gamble on this title and was immediately drawn in by the creator's narrative.  I didn't know how far down the rabbit hole this game would take me but I was going to find out.It was far.After a time, hard to specify exactly when, I was so curious about the things I was seeing.  The levels I had been exploring.  The story I was hearing.   It all started to piece together a vision in my mind of what the designer could've been thinking or feeling.  I was engaged in it. Time seemed to pass without notice.  Then he loaded in the final level and the story completed and I felt...emotions.  Games RARELY accomplish that.There are certain books/movies/tv shows/games that are so truly enchanting and exemplary that I wish I could erase my memory of having completed them, just for the pure thrill of doing it again ""for the first time"".  This is one of those games.Is $10 too much for an hour and a half?  Depends on the person.  One could easily drop that much at a cinema and walk away feeling entertained.  The feelings I got from this experience were well worth the price."
,Recommended,303210,18544712,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,LUCKY SWEATER,"It is a story of a ruined friendship. Great map designs, interesting story, I loved the the work they made on sound and music. This game is not a game at all, it is a story, takes you 1 and a half hours to finish it, but it is worth it. One of those rare moments when a game made me feel something."
76561197988441574,Not Recommended,303210,18544162,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zychotic,I sat through an hour and a half waiting for the game to get good. Then it finished. It's a very different game to The Stanley Parable so don't buy it just because you liked the first one.
,Recommended,303210,18543010,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lahv,There is nothing i can really say about this game without giving away anything other than:Dang.Its good.Buy it.And be ready for it.
76561198048243244,Not Recommended,303210,18543378,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Shanawolf #PraiseKEK,"Wow, what a disapointment. I loved Stanley Parable and was looking forward to his follow up project.This really is not a game. It is an interactive story, and not even a good one at that. Had it been presented as such I could have bought into it, but even at $10... nope.. not worth it.I won't spoil the game for anyone, I know there are more out there who think this thing is absolutely fantastic and profound. Just be warned, not everyone comes away with life altering perceptions and insights. Perhaps that is the problem? (*OK Mood spoiler alert*) If you are a self actualized individual and do not need others notice or approval to validate you and your work, this story will probably leave you flat. If you are one who does need or crave others input and approval, then this may well speak deaply to you.Your choice. Red pill or blue.Peace, Shana"
76561197993433963,Recommended,303210,18536624,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,cookieclown79,"I don't write many reviews, but this game just ... hit me.  As a game dev, I marvel at both the message and the execution.  Thank you."
76561198020540595,Recommended,303210,18535705,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,vipercb2,I think I liked it?
,Recommended,303210,18540348,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SirProfessor,Very Good Game. Really awesome.
,Recommended,303210,18539906,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,sergeant_taser [HSMU],this is one of the saddest games i have everplayed and i will let you find out why.
,Recommended,303210,18532904,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Карл,"I am an Game Developer... I understand this guy,,,"
76561198022131062,Recommended,303210,18537798,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,smolley,"In Internetslang i'd probably say ""3deep5me"". And it actually is. Really a great Game. Sure, you have not a ""gameplay"" like usually, but there is so much more about games than just gameplay. I honestly can't really say anything else about this game and not spoil anything, so i'll just let it stand for it self."
,Recommended,303210,18538133,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,hollow_mockery,Fantastic.
,Not Recommended,303210,18538331,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,A Silver Falcon,"The game is kinda boring, there isn't a huge twist at the end like I expected and it's nothing like the Stanley Parable. It's linear and you might as well just watch a playthrough on YouTube for free."
,Recommended,303210,19699723,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nicholson,Art/Creativity in it's purest form.
,Recommended,303210,19686133,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,parkketler,"This is a game worth much more than the initial 10 dollars. This is a game that will keep you up at night about life. This is a game so full of ambiguities it makes you rethink the idea of creative expression. This is a game about fighting yourself while also about a man fighting with a friend but its one or the other you decide. Either one, it makes you think. It makes you think about other peoples problems while also showing you to not care about others problems. This game will tear you down after playing then build you back together the night after. This game has a different meaning each time you play it but some how finds a way to convey a similar message. This isn't a game (well yeah its is) its a work of art. A book. A mind game in one persons head. A mind game from another persons head. This game is a game about one person. But how would you know. Because its a game about two people also. This is a game about a persons mentor leaving them. But that mentor is still there. Its all up to you. You have the wild card to controll the way this game plays out. And when I say that i don't mean in the game. I mean in your head you write the story. It can be sad it can be beutiful. It can be crazy. It can be anything. With a game this free you can make any story you want with it. This game has a value of 25 dollars when you think about it on a personal level because we have all been there before.."
,Recommended,303210,19694322,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Musushi,my review is gonna be really helpful and simple.BUY IT.
,Recommended,303210,19541413,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,GNThrone,Damn
,Recommended,303210,19556257,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kraft Lawrence,"To begin I've played the Stanly Parable and loved it. So going into this after watching the trailer I was expecting something a little off the wall. It's not that at all, not in the slightest. There are pieces here and there that are almost a little wave to being a little like a game but, inherently should be considered a ineractive movie or short story more then anything.In all seriousness this game is really a walking narrative, if that sort of thing isn't your cup of tea I'd caution picking it up. Even if you don't find someone who has and talk about it with them. It presents itself in a really subtle way so that you begin to think; maybe not in an extremely interpersonal way but about how people interact and how two sides of a person can conflict with each other. It's a little hard to review this. I'm not sure how I feel about the experience. I feel like I need to look at and kind of reevaulate myself. Reading a bit too much into the purpose of the game? Maybe, but I think it was ment to have plently of different reactions in different people. So my experience could be completely off from someone else.The Beginner's Guild as a game itself is actually pretty simple and that works to it's advantage. You're given the basic wasd to move around and if there is a change in controls you're made aware, which allows you to pay more attention to the story. The game is well set in way that it flows, how you unravel who made the games, who they are ment for and, what they are ment for. The whole game can be interpreted in so many diffent ways and it almost asks questions for you to answer for yourself.The way the game wraps up sets itself in the weird limbo of not fulfilling but not incomplete. It's like I just read something personal; like I was standing in a room with someone who was reading a memoire of their life the past few years out loud while they were writing it and just stopped and walked away. Could it seem pretentious to people who play it? Yes, yes it can. Then again that's just one way of interpreting it.In the end just slap on some headphones and enjoy your ride on the feels train."
76561198095974128,Recommended,303210,19557706,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,zack314,"This is one of the most interesting video games that I've played in my whole life. Just like with the ""Stanley Parable"", Davey Wreden delivers again a truly original work of art. This game is something that you have never experienced before. I highly recommend it to anyone.Playing this game teaches you something about the relationship between an artist and his creation process.To me, this video-interview of Davey Wreden is some sort of ""user's guide"" to the ""beginner's guide"":http://livestream.com/accounts/6845410/gamesnow/videos/83818176"
,Recommended,303210,19558088,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DR PROF JR,+
,Recommended,303210,19559539,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,General.Tso,A short and not too sweet story that explores equal parts of game design and human design.
76561198049420272,Recommended,303210,19625991,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,nottetris,Maybe he just likes prisons.
76561198059476115,Recommended,303210,19271080,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gerb Derperson,"Made me cry. Overall a good game! Note though that this is not The Stanley Parable, this game is a lot more serious."
,Not Recommended,303210,19274063,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Synik,"PROS:Unique experiencestory that makes you think.CONS:unique experienceboring at timesI went into this game expecting Stanley Parable, which was my mistake. I was disapponted that instead of a game that focuses on breaking the 4th wall, I was thrown down an emotional adventure. The game is ok, its not like I hated it. Its just not something that makes you feel good when you finish it. There is no sense of completion, and in fact it makes you feel misteralbe at times. In retrospect, a game that evokes feelings as strong as that is well done, and the game is well done. But I personally cannot recommend it due to my personal thought and feelings. It just wasnt what I was expecting and honestly I am not even sure if the entire context of the game is real or fiction created to stir emotion in players."
76561198010233225,Recommended,303210,18630757,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Vahnatai,"This is very different from our beloved Stanley. And the entire point of the game (as I see it) is that you shouldn't write a review for it.It hit me quite a few days later, while showing ""The Path"" to some friends. Do you like weird games? Do you dare to show them to your weird friends?Do you keep quiet and let them think on their own what the game is about?Different, for sure, and quite original.Hint: You can make the guy shut up. But don't expect great changes from that."
,Recommended,303210,19814552,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SNEK,I think this game is just brilliant. Stop reading reviews and get it already.
,Not Recommended,303210,19774961,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,STM32F207IG,"I bought this game because supposedly it's good, right?""Extra Credits"" shilled this game hard and I was hooked on the initial premise.It's an experience alright. It does play it's cards well to pychologically pander to certain people.I fell for it, hell, I even thought this cute little fan-fiction about himself may give me some insight about myself.But wow have I been played. After realizing I paid full price for this little manipulative piece of garbage I learned my lession.To recap, that's what's bothering me:-  The Tower: I really liked that ""episode"", as it's pretty atmospheric in general. It gives off a thrilling vibe, unlike the rest.But there lies the problem: After considering the rest, it's existence is just that: Shock factor. It's a potshot to invoke ""feeling"" by underhanded tactics. Blaring screen effects and screeching soundeffects when first ""interacting"" are a dead giveaway.- Shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥up: That was the only part I truly enjoyed, oddy enough the only part I can relate to at least a bit. Then I remembered how, oddly enough, this is something everyone can relate to: Scrapping old work, ideas. Again this is base level pandering to the crowd who came to seek some kind of personal experience. This sours the experience entirely after thinking about it long enough.- Walking: Not that I dislike walking simulators, what I really hate is how one person can even ♥♥♥♥ up at that.Instead of rewarding the player for exploration, there'll be only a smug retourt by the narrator. It's as one dimensional of an experience as it can be. The lack of excellence isn't a stroke of genious, it's a golden turd of that genre.- In your face message: It's the embodiment of the ""just be yourself"" advice. It's pretty good at describing some baseline facts about lifes' struggles. That's it tough, the autors message as I got it was ""stop being♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. It's not conforting, it's not helpful, just inapropriate. The door-puzzle, the backwards walking segment, mazes, liteally distancing yourself and of course the ""suicide to ascent"" portions feel cheap and spelt out.Again, if this was intentional, it still does not make it automatically good. Being ironic does not cure being moronic.But enough rambling, some last advice so this review might be meaningful:Don't be a sheep. Don't listen to anyone is the lession learned.Maybe I am a bit jaded and salty, don't listen to me in that case. I can only speak for myself."
,Recommended,303210,19821356,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,f(x) = ax^2 + bx + c,this game makes you feel things and it is kinda sad at the end
76561197976535502,Recommended,303210,19784616,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nuclear Moose,"Very well crafted narrative that leaves you with a feeling that isn't very pleasant once you are done, but it leaves you with something much greater, and it really makes you think about a lot of the elements in your daily life. Saying anymore would spoil it."
,Recommended,303210,19782319,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,FelixTheTrap ❤,Love this game if your are wondering to get it. do its an amazing experience.The story is great and emotionalfor me very emotional x3
,Recommended,303210,19986580,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Soap,"I don't know what to say.I cried.A lot.This game will make you feel, and it hurts so bad but you need to play it.You just have to."
76561198000500840,Recommended,303210,19986955,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Captain Madrick,"Very short game, but very interesting experience. Worth the money just to play something so different. Cool story... cabbage shapes our nation."
,Recommended,303210,19985092,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,A Chieftain Mop,"An astounding story, so touching, so true. Hey Coda, keep doing what you do, how you do: your way. Definately recommended if only to have this story heard."
,Recommended,303210,19985557,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Morpher,"I only played this game several hours ago, but it's stuck with me since then. I can't begin to explain how fantastic an experience this was. I feel that to say too much about the game will severely limit your experience going in, but unlike a lot of games that I have played this year, hell, in my lifetime, none have had quite as serious an affect on me as this one has had.I know people have criticised the game as being pretentious, but I would urge you to set aside that attitude immediately, and trust the game's creator to deliver a story which both holds a mirror up to content creators and reviewers/critics, even (if not, especially) those with the best of intentions.It's difficult to quite put into words without explaining it, a lot of the twist at the end heavily contradicts anything that you could put into a review, other than whether or not the game was good or bad. The deliberate ambiguity of certain aspects of the story certainly reinforces this.What's also important is that it's perhaps the ultimate bridging of narrative and gameplay. Again, without wishing to give away too much, the game goes a long way to show that the 'walking simulator' that many people seem to look down on can still be used in new and interesting ways, to tell stories that no other medium could tell. This narrative is one that is unique to video games.There is a lot more to this game than everything I have just said (including several moments in the game that hit, emotionally, very close to home), but I do not wish to give away too much, and would recommend that people experience it for themeslves. Please buy this game, it has completely changed the way that I assess my own work, and how I approach the work of people around me."
,Recommended,303210,19978879,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JohnVika,Is Coda real? Is this real life based story?
,Recommended,303210,19978885,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bob Ross's Squirrel,♥♥♥♥ man...
76561198040712752,Recommended,303210,19978924,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mari.za,"I'm going to go lay down for a while....oh, I'm already in bed. Maybe go take a walk, drink some water or something.a short, harrowing, and confontational experience that sticks with you.the game is very short but you can factor in about 2+ extra hours for time spent laying down on the nearest surface questioioning your whole life.TW for mentions of social anxiety and depressionalso, if you are wary of horror, this game is more intense than ""scary,"" no fear of jump scares or anything"
,Recommended,303210,19985234,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Toltendo,"SPOILER, but in regards to an article from Destructroid:There's an article from Destructroid where one of the authors praises it as its ""best new IPs"", but suggests you have the refund window after finishing this game as there are legitimate reasons to return it, to summarize her explanation. The author then goes on about the technicalities of the work possibly being stolen, thus the narrative being non-fiction and therefore the game's assets, etc. was profitted under someone else.For me and unless the story is true and thus the other party has already agreed to release the assets, objects, levels, etc. for Davey to have it released as a full game, whether the agreement is on paper or from voice, then there should be no problem. In all of reality, this game is just a game. The story in the game is fake. Fake story = fiction. The Destructroid author was misinterpreted. Of course, if one party didn't agree to release a game and the other person ends up profitting over the person's work, this game would not be legit to purchase on Steam.As for my review of this game, the story will make an eventual 180 when you will eventually expect it. There's something about the story that starts out as silly and gets darker as you get to each level. Then you realize that every level from beginning to end, there's a superficial to deep connection, from how the assets of the boxes and its placements, to the mazes of the stairs and houses, and the dialouge of the game and responder, which developes the narrator's reason for talking to you, the player.You'll love this game if you are a fan of the Stanley Parable or see a good future in narrative-driven video games."
,Recommended,303210,19987531,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SNAGGY,I'm honestly not really sure what  to say about this game. I felt....very connected to all of it.
,Recommended,303210,19987683,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RetroArcher,"I'm at a complete loss of words after playing this game.I bought this game mainly because I enjoyed playing the Stanley Parable, and I thought that this game would be intriguing as well. Now generally I am not someone who gets emotional over movies and games, but interacting through the mind of this developer gave me the chills. I felt like I could connect with his pain in so many ways, yet somehow, it was relieving being able to see his journey.I would love to say that I know the answer to this game. The answer to validation, to knowing your work isn't poisoned. But completing this story follows a feeling of emptiness. A feeling that many narratives avoid, because it most often angers the player, or depresses them. But somehow, it just, works with this game.I can't really explain it. I'd love to say I know how, but I think Davey made the right move sharing Coda's work. Our work defines us, we pour our emotions into it, no matter what that kind of work this. We can't keep this inside us forever, we need to talk to others, and in a sense, we NEED validation.I rarely right reviews for games, but this game really hit me hard, and whether you're an emotional type of person or not, I would really recommend playing this game. It's soothing in it's own way, and I'd love to hear your take on it as well."
,Recommended,303210,19979800,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Etihw,"This game is something.... interesting. I haven't posted a review on a game before, but for some reason im compelled to do it now, with this game. I just got done with my first playthrough, and there's a whole mix of emotions in myself I can't quite describe. There was an amazing feeling of confusion and interest rolled together in the first part, trying to understand something with no meaning.The second part, part of me would believe that this was something to provoke deep emotions in the player with something relatable, something we all most likely felt. No doubt there were things that hit home for me in this, which left me so attatched to some of the messages I'm taking away from this. Though, another part of me is convinced that this is a true message to Cota, that he desperately wishes to make up for a mistake he made. I know nothing of the creator and Cota or if this is true, but it feels real and something I've felt numerous times before. The Beginners Guide is something for me that's impossible to describe, yet means so much to me for the fact that I've been in these positions. I struggle with anxiety and depression on a daily basis, I struggle with being accepted by others, I struggle with the fear of isolation. This game is something that brings those emotions out in everyone and provides something to relate with, leaving you sad yet.. comforted, in a way. That's how I feel at least. Its another reminder that there's people out there with problems close to mine, that there's experiences hundreds have felt that I know too well.The message of Cota's games alone (if there was one) gave me that too, and formated those feelings I've had into words. In short, Cota's games and The Beginners Guide changed me.This review gives this experience no justice, I'm far too terrible with words to show how much this game really means to me and what I've pulled away. Please, experience this game and hopefully you'll feel something similar to how I felt."
,Recommended,303210,19988053,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JE_Dmng,"I.. don't know what to say.I don't know if you would like this game or not. Some like it, some hate it. I guess the only way to find out is to try it yourself."
76561198146650376,Recommended,303210,19988777,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,aripley129,"I was initially going to wait a day so I regain my composure, but I want readers to know how I feel in this moment. Ill try to avoid post-play bias and make it short. No spoilers here, just emotions. You start out being fascinated by the works and ""unfinished"" games of someone named Coda. Everything pieces together to create a sense of appreciation. But all I feel now is sorrow. It doesn't take long for the experience to turn sour and so relatable that I felt it was impossible not to get involved. I would definitely pay the full price knowing what it is now, but I like this sort of thing. Ill be in an odd state of deep thought for at least the next half hour. I couldn't recommend this journey more, but don't expect to feel good about yourself in the end of it all."
,Recommended,303210,19988167,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ClumsilyConfused,Finished this game at 2 AM and I'm honestly speechless. A distinct experience that will change you. Buy this game now.
,Recommended,303210,19955615,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sentry Jman,One of the Best game collections that I have played. I would love to see more from codec. They make really cool games I loved the Cleaning simulator the best.
76561198069328015,Recommended,303210,19969765,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PrinceAtlas,10/10 would walk again
76561198033008992,Recommended,303210,19969865,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cunning Plan,"It's not often that a game forces me to move away from the screen and think, but this has. It made me consider deeply held fears and anxieties in a way other forms of media wouldn't be able to."
76561198064334078,Recommended,303210,19951293,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,KONINA,"Don't even know, what to expect more, Half-Life 3 or a new game from this guy."
76561198067635291,Not Recommended,303210,19951546,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Destructo,"It tells a story that seems very real, but is so plain, simple, and common that everyone should have already understood and considered the emotions on both sides."
76561198025519083,Recommended,303210,19952061,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheFuzzyMilitia,"I was recommended this game by a friend, someone who felt I could take something away from this game.Wow...It was one of the most haunting experiences ever. I won't talk about the story as you have to experience it for yourself.If you ever felt lonely, distant, isolated, if you're an artist, if you're a storyteller, do yourself a favor and play this game.If you ever felt broken, or unsure of what or where you are, play this game.I'm a depressed lonely individual at the best of times, I push myself to always try to make myself a better artist. Not because I like storytelling, or I like my world's I've crafted. Because I wanted validation, I wanted to have something I never quite understood.This was a slap in the face for me. A well deserved slapNow if you'll excuse me, you have a game to download and playI have my own work to do..."
,Recommended,303210,19952112,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fat Shibe UwU,"(WARNING: MINOR - MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD!!)(WARNING: MINOR - MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD!!)(WARNING: MINOR - MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD!!)This game had broken a little piece of me, because I feel as if... I can relate to him? I watched all of his words carefully and in the beginning I guessed it, ""This game is going to ruin me"". It's seriously life changing to see how someone made such a tiny mistake, just to have it quickly escalate to the point where someone gets hurt. Fake or not, there's something to be learned from this game, and I appreciate him sharing this with all of us."
,Not Recommended,303210,19952173,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Chives,"This is the first Steam refund I have ever asked for. I believed this game would fit up to the extents that were advertised by its creator; The Stanley Parable was a trippy game. And while it had no clear end, it was funny in its performance. It was special, unique; something never done before.This? This game was a movie disguised as a ""game"". And it's not a movie that even has an ending, either.If you are someone that loves to be left looking for answers, deeper, or artistic meaning, I could not recommend this game more. However, I just bought this game maybe for a fun time, or an ending that would blow my mind. Something creative! Instead, I got a movie cut short by an ""author"" trying harder than a baby to walk to be dramatic. There was no ending, no clear purpose; The Beginner's Guide was a short experience that left you emotional; but not crying, simply confused and almost angry with a creator that seemingly could not be bothered to actually try and communicate their purpose.EDIT: I have just done some snooping around; The Beginner's Guide has nothing to do with its title, Coda is not real, and this game was created simply as a therapy session, or maybe a ""cry for help"" from its creator. Davey fell into a depression after The Stanley Parable was released, as he felt his work had lost its meaning. This game is meant to explain that, but of course he does not mention this and simply leaves this abstract, depressed thought behind for us to fall for and him to cash in on. Nice going, Davey."
,Recommended,303210,19952409,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,matt,"This game perfectly contradicts the opinions of a player vs the intentions of a creator. A man attempts to bring you through the work of his ""friend"" Coda. That is all I will say. This game is one of the greatest stories I have ever experienced, buy it now, and if it is on sale, BUY IT NOW!10/10"
76561198045722519,Recommended,303210,19966724,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Waubbafet,this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up. thank you
,Recommended,303210,19969198,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,notquiteninja,"Curious and beautifully tragic. Somewhat short in length, yet I find myself thinking about it from time to time. How many layers are there?"
,Recommended,303210,19965661,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The™ Baron,The Beginner's Guide is a really interesting look into someone's mind. I enjoyed it much more than The Stanley Parable.
76561198128237818,Recommended,303210,19965875,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,maedhros1978,"Very different from anything I have ever played.More than a game a short story. I don't think the choices actually change the outcome, but it doesn't really matter.It starts easy, but it becomes quite (emotionally) hard. Without spoilers I can say the main topic is mental disorders, but nothing in this game is as you think..I recommend it. But don't expect the usual video game!"
,Recommended,303210,19920906,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LiterallyHades,"This isn't a game, it's an experience. Art used to take the form of sculptures and literature but it is now video games. I can't describe this game since I am still yet to full understand it myself. Just play the game and see what YOU see in the game."
,Recommended,303210,19944563,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Pjoelj,"I do not recommend this game because I like it, I recommend it because I know you might love it.Honestly, I didn't like it. It didn't quite work for me.But I don't think that was the game's fault.My time gaming has made me think that if I interact with media, I should influence it. This game makes me an observer. In a game, that's one degree too far removed for me. A similar book or movie? I might have loved it. But different people want different subject matters handled in different ways in different media. And I don't mix well with this game.But I can see past that. I could glimpse something great through the parts that did work, and if this works for you, it will really work for you.But unless you are certain you will love it, I would not recommend paying full price for it."
76561197999924361,Recommended,303210,19944583,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dante,"Incredibly personal. One of those special gaming gems, that hits you and makes you think. However it did something unique; it made me feel a betrayal I've never felt in a game before. Absolutely a game that deserves your time and money."
,Recommended,303210,19959958,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TheChaoMaster,"This game was like walking through a contemporary art museum: weird, unnerving, yet meaningful. I related heavily to both the narrator and Coda. Not everyone will enjoy it but i would love to see many more games like it."
,Recommended,303210,26913577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheHyperChimp,Brilliant story. I was really immersed in this and would recommend this to anyone who likes story driven games and/or likes history behind games.
,Recommended,303210,26913780,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,toxicsalmon,Breathtaking and Heartbreaking.An Absolutley stunning game that will pluck on you heart strings.
,Recommended,303210,26906863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vorducas Zizroth,"It tells a short, but compelling story, but it's one of those games where you should go in not knowing much about it, all you need to know is that it's 2ish hours long and made by the guy who made The Stanley Parable."
,Recommended,303210,26908789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,birdo,Officially nominated for the mind♥♥♥♥ Award!
76561198063335441,Recommended,303210,26888250,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eagercheesecake,"So I came into this game thinking ""Hey, I liked Stanley Parable and Whirlwind Heist! This should be a fun little time waster for an hour or two! Yeah, I'm excited!""God, was I wrong.Yes, this game is fun, the levels are great (with one or two exceptions, but hey, they can't all be winners) but this is not the quirky game I was expecting. Not at all what I wanted. But boy, am I glad that I played it."
,Recommended,303210,24995278,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Pascal,Wow. I didn't even know what to say upon game completion. So many feelings.A quick romp through a game developers life including lots of heartbreak.
,Recommended,303210,26898535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crashinghill,Is this a game? What are games? What even is anything? This made me question what I do as a gamer. 10/10 would go into a spiral of self-doubt and confusion again.
,Recommended,303210,26903010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pulmunyi,Sometimes what you're looking for in a game is a good story. This game excells in narrative and offers a quite different experience in comparison to traditional titles.
,Recommended,303210,26903247,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,THeFraz 199,"This is unequivocally one of the most important games ever made. It has so much insight into game design, narrative theory, linguistics, and human pride. I can't give anything away, because going into it as blind as possible is imperative (honestly, you reading this review is kind of a mistake). But this is necessary play for anyone who takes games seriously as an artform."
,Recommended,303210,26901875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,quinnvdv,Proves once and for all that games can be art
,Recommended,303210,26902024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nivomi,"A deeply emotional exploration of the relationship between creators, creations, and consumers. Incredibly effective storytelling alongside an interesting use of the interactive medium.Not at all like Stanley Parable, but that's not at all a bad thing."
,Recommended,303210,26895589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ramarko-B,"You cant really call this anthing but an experience, and I am glad i experienced it"
,Recommended,303210,18404894,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ImAComedian,"A wonderful story that is beautifully told. It not only touches you deeply, but makes you think about your own life. To top it all off, the soundtrack is absolutely amazing and is the little cherry that makes this one of the most enjoyable and emotional experiences of my life. You won't regret this wonderful experience."
76561198059985037,Recommended,303210,19864885,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,InfernalSuspenders,"If you are like me, and do not consider yourself a patient person, you might be initially turned off by this game. That being said, no amount of action has been able to keep me as riveted as I was when I played this game. Every last message it sent felt personally tailored to me, and the more trying ones felt like a punch to the gut.This is also the very first game that made me cry.Also, Davey has a very pleasant voice, and without that, this game might have been unbearable."
,Recommended,303210,26934500,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dank Hill,This is an extremely touching game my guys
,Recommended,303210,26955750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thedoorkeep,There's no way to describe this game without ruining it's beauty and wonderful nature. Seriously just play it
,Recommended,303210,26955896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,not kieran,good
,Recommended,303210,25793098,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dot Play,I just finished the game and... Wow it's amazing. You need to play this experience
,Recommended,303210,25792062,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BlueKunai,"The price of entry is a bit steep, but this is well worth experiencing whether you like walking simulators or not."
76561198277996498,Recommended,303210,25626942,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheDragonAndTheFishyThings,"Does not seem to go anywhere the first half, but when you let it draw you in, the ""story"" really gets to you and the ending is really not what you expect. Definitely interesting..."
76561198064026795,Recommended,303210,18314822,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,UnlimitedApathy,"Edit: Right so it's a few hours later now and it just occurred to me that Coda may actually be a fake person. I.e. this may all be a story Davey made up and is meant to cause us to question the relationship between obsessive fandom and creator among other things....uhm...if so i feel a little dumb. The first review was written immediately after finishing the game and being charged with emotion. I Sooooooort of forgot that storytelling is often, well, a story. So if that IS the case then I HIGHLY recommend the game.----I want to start off by saying that codas work is amazing and he clearly has an amazing mind, he actually reminds me of a friend I have. The reason I cannot recommend this game is I don't think it should have been made, I wish Davey had told us that coda clearly did not want people viewing his worlds before purchasing. We weren't informed and it went from what started as an amazing view into someone else’s psych into an unwanted voyeuristic intrusion that I wasn't even warned I was making. That isn't right. This is clearly work that is deeply personal to him, the games don't need to have a solution because they are exclusively for him. It's not a game so much as a virtual diary.Let’s ignore for a moment how making this game was a violation of an intensely private man’s personal work, let’s ignore how it’s a clear refusal to accept his wish to be left alone. The creator of this game owes him money. This was not a free to play release, we were charged. We played. The creator Davey is making MONEY off this. Money that belongs to CODA, off an examination of not only Codas work BUT CODA HIMSELF! This is just so-. I have this friend who reminds me of Coda (or at least what we were lead to believe about him) to a SHOCKING degree. And the idea of someone doing this to her just…. I know how deeply it would wound her. I know how violated she would feel. And I can only assume Coda feels similarly.I found Codas games fascinating, I STILL have dozens of questions I’d like to ask him, Why the 3 dots, why is there a woman crying in the prison when looking for a machine if Coda is a man? Why did he choose to make the main character in backwards game a woman. I would LOVE to know these things, but I have NO RIGHT to that knowledge.  I wish I had never played the game to HAVE these questions because it’s CLEARLY something he doesn’t want me or any one of the rest of us to know.The meaning of the last game was clear. He’s actively punishing the player (or rather the person the game was MADE FOR Davey) for constantly trying to rip into his head. When he tries he’s punished with a bright red light and a painful sound. The numbers puzzle was monotony, it’s clear you’re not SUPPOSED to get further in the game without breaking it and twisting it to break your way further into. Up to the point that there’s a door there’s not even a way to get past. Davey couldn’t even have gotten to Codas final message without violating Codas game, ignoring the clear contempt and barging his way where he wasn’t welcome. Coda let the message there BECAUSE HE KNEW DAVEY WOULD. That says a ♥♥♥♥ing lot.These games aren’t for Davey and they SURE AS ♥♥♥♥ aren’t for us. He doesn’t owe Davey or us anything. The games don’t need to be playable for others because the games are for Coda. He knows what’s there. He knows what they mean. Let that be enough."
,Recommended,303210,19862723,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zaphiruz,This is an experience I'm happy i had
76561198129759213,Recommended,303210,19862893,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Apollos Reckoning,"Press and hold ""W"" to cry in real life."
,Recommended,303210,19863438,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Uber National,"Interesting, but not as life-changing as everyone else thinks. Less of a game and more of an interactive documentary."
,Recommended,303210,19858378,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TommyButtz,Pretty damn good hour and a half walking through and crying. You really should buy this.
76561197970532992,Recommended,303210,19854587,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Snucker,Try it
,Recommended,303210,19854181,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,RaulTheGhoul,"I cried, this is a good game and I really can't describe how it made me feel."
76561197999304502,Not Recommended,303210,19899673,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,windblade,"Feeling a bit bitter that I took the game's story seriously for longer than I should have.  Wish I'd known from the beginning that it was all made up.  But then, if you know that, then this game doesn't really have any point."
,Recommended,303210,19899718,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,sigfried,"I honestly cannot say how I feel about this game, and to delve into details would spoil it, so I will make it short and sweet:Buy this game, and play this game.It is short, it is profound, it is above all human.Just play it."
,Recommended,303210,19899760,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,franspaco,"The game has as much meaning as you are willing to give it, or you allow yourself to give it...Beware of emotional crisis after playing."
,Recommended,303210,19900015,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mtrox,This game depressed the crap out of me.11/10... Going to expose my friends to it.
76561198059949233,Recommended,303210,19900463,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jeb,"Let me start off by saying that this game is best experienced if played through in one sitting.This game hit very close to home and I thank everybody who was involved. This had me interested, confused, and somewhat scared throughout its entirety. If you have 5 bucks and have nothing to do for an hour and a half, buy this game and enjoy yourself"
,Recommended,303210,19900705,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Landy,"Short but sweet. It tells a really emotional story without telling you too much.Hard to fully explain without spoiling too much, but there's the best explanation I could give while being spoiler-free.Graphics are nice too so I guess that's a plus.Play it!"
,Recommended,303210,19900720,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Suddle D,There are some 'games' that will forever affect you. This is one of them.
,Recommended,303210,19900902,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,digikevin97,"I dont wright reviews. Im not the best at spelling and this may become apparent. However i fell like i must say somthingThis is a game that is truly moving in style and approach! after playing once throuth and having some time to think over what I had experienced i have this to say it is incredible. I am a extrovert someone who enjoys interacting and reating to the world around me. But the experience of being placed in someine else's world was like nothing i have seen or done. To look it two people with two very different minesets and how they interact with one another is outstanding. On one side you have a frend that just wants to help and the other side is somone who doesn't need help or dose not processes himself as needing it. As i played i found my self thinking about what I was doing not as a game but as a intimate conversation with me and the creator. Which is something I have never experienced before. i found myself thinking of a game not as a game but as a history of life a diary or journal somthing that was intended for one person but timeless.This game has made me look back on my life and look at times that that had felt low or sad or whatever and think how it relates to other people, and think about things I have done to help that might not have bin the right thing to do. I fine myself thinking i always try to do the right thing and can never get it just right. But this game has not only help me throw some of that but help see a new side of gaming and a new side of humanity in a way that is engaging and  interesting..."
76561198066456399,Recommended,303210,19899101,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,phoenix05867,"I am... thankful, for this game.Really, just...Thank you."
76561197965205931,Recommended,303210,19898339,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,digidomo,An epic love story between a man and himself
,Recommended,303210,19901302,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Protonious,"This game is more of a really powerful narrative that hits home to the insecurities many of us feel from day to day.If you want to walk your way through an interesting story for an hour and a half, this expierence is worth it."
,Not Recommended,303210,18541052,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,S0mtimes,"A little to long boring and pretentious for my taste I understand why people like it however and they did sucessfully what they aimed to do. More of a movie than a game, and this movie is not for me."
76561198055836164,Recommended,303210,18719219,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AnObeseGiraffe,"DO NOT WATCH ANYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME!         I really cannot recommend this game enough it got me thinking so much and it was a proper emotional rollercoaster, I would really recommend though you have a great set of headphones to take in the beautiful soundtrack and atmosphere."
76561198067566657,Recommended,303210,18717437,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,HughJanis_69,"The Beginner's Guide is definitely a unique storytelling experience. Made by the same person who made The Stanley Parable, The Beginner's Guide is similar in that it's narrated but different in that the topic and atmosphere are of a serious nature. Plus the ending really leaves you thinking. I feel it's worth the buy."
,Recommended,303210,18716931,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Wolf Punch,"Play this game!It is probably the most meaningful piece of media I have experienced in years. It brought me to tears. It just hits that nerve in side me that I can straight up relate to. It's almost like looking into a mirror of my thoughts of life it's self, albeit with a few differences here and there, but relatable none the less.I don't want to spoil it for you, so just PLAY IT!"
76561197967486275,Recommended,303210,18708576,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Hop,"Being a solo developer myself, I had recently run in to a few mental roadblocks that were becoming frustrating to the point that I was becoming depressed... And then this game happened.I don't know exactly what it took to make things click in to place but my will to create has been restored and my mental clutter has been cleared.You're an artist, Davey. Thank you for inspiring me."
76561198003589146,Recommended,303210,18708814,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Vz,"I've never come closer to experiencing what it's like to psychologically be another person.  A compelling piece that blurs the line between reality and videogame.  I'm still not sure what to think after playing this game, but I think that I will be alright."
76561198083943753,Recommended,303210,18723804,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,therachel2010,This game is beautiful and powerful. It tells the story of two friends in a way that is so intimate and captivating. I literally have grabbed all of my friends and made them each sit down and play it so we can talk about it and think about what it means. I adore this game.
76561198022048285,Recommended,303210,18586781,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DeiShin,One of the most emerging games I have ever played.Truly a masterpiece.
,Recommended,303210,18584340,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Heero0808,"The Beginner's Guide is a one-off. It takes about an hour, and you have little imput into the game.That said; this is the most important one-off I have ever seen, played, or wandered into.It told me an important story, and made me do some soul searching.I cannot recommend it enough."
76561198072383759,Recommended,303210,18593255,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Znander,Loved it. Renewed my perspective on a few things.
,Recommended,303210,18314291,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,HingleMcCringle,"I was kinda hoping it would be a game like the video described: Simulationg a desktop and opening files to play random games. That is no the case. However, it is a touching story of a video game developer going through what seems to be a depression... If you have the spare money, definitely get this game.Also, If you're making a game, in the files for this game, there is a LOT of sounds and textures and other stuff. Maybe that's partly why they call it a Beginner's Guide."
,Recommended,303210,18624414,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,baba nIET,A very human game.
76561198201983379,Recommended,303210,18623352,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,platypusfork,This game is too personal for me
,Recommended,303210,19342443,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Err0rsyn,I'm a big fan of Stanley Parable and that is what initially led me to even looking at this game. When I found it was just as diverse and clever I immediately needed to have it. I needed to know this story too. That's what it is. The creator is a wonderful storyteller. I highly recommend this game to those who can live without a need for physical action in place for a need of mental action. The psychological tale is sad and awesome. Give it a chance.
,Recommended,303210,19347994,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SammerBlammer,"First off, for those looking for a Stanley Parable-type game, this will not satisfy those desires. The similarities end with the genre and the creator. But, for those looking for an intriguing, questionably fictional look at the emotions that game design can both represent and elicit, then this is the game for you. Not too long, but an experience well worth taking."
76561198068773368,Recommended,303210,19348931,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Grand Wazoo,Very touching. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,19348940,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,effcol,"If this game is non-fiction, then this is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen or played. Which is impressive when you consider I'm putting it up there with documentary films, because as far as I know, there are very few documentary games.If it's all fiction, then it's one of the best stories in games I have played.Either way, It gave me a new perspective on how I intereact with the media I enjoy and share with others. I want to reccomend this gameso sobadly, but yet this game's made me feel wierd about feeling like that, if that makes any sense. If that doesn't make sense to you, play this game."
76561198028291449,Recommended,303210,19361700,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fucker #2,Not only a video game. Not a game anymore.
,Recommended,303210,19362219,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BadBuffalo,"Honestly i dont know what to say about this, other then to just play it. It is beautifully put together IMO and tells a story both original and intriguing. The only warning i have is to not expect the Stanley Parable, this is not even remotely the same."
,Recommended,303210,19361466,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FickFuuuck™,I cried.11/10
,Recommended,303210,19383223,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Manzothesaw,"I honestly had no idea what I was expecting when I bought this game. I'd watched a bit of the Super Best Friends Play of this before deciding I should buy it for myself. This game... this game is a very interesting game to have been put on steam. In a lot of ways this game reminds me a bit of going to a museum, you get an insight about the person who created the pieces, but you also get a look about the person who assembled the collection.This is one of the only games this year to really get any sort of major reaction out of me. This game really hit me hard, and I sincerely hope that the creator and the narrator are able to work out their issues. I can't really sum up why I think this game is so worth your time, but it is. It really, really is, I really hope this works out for Davey in the end. I really do."
,Recommended,303210,19381517,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,IAmFedora,"This game... Wow.The Beginner's Guide tells a story of friendship, brokenness, depression, regret, social anxiety, love, self-appreciation, desperation.. the list goes on and on.  Truly beautiful.I've only played through it once (I know it's logged almost 4 hours, but I left my computer idling with the game on by accident...) Honestly, at the point I'm at in my life... I don't know how I feel about this game.  I'm already such a whirlwind of emotion that I cannot tell if this game is stirring something within my soul or not.  I'll have to sit down and play through it again when my own emotions have settled.  Either way, I would recommend this for anyone looking for a game with an amazing story at its current price (-40%/$5.99).8/10 would play housekeeping game again"
,Recommended,303210,19383530,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,HARDCORE FAWN,"It's very difficult to describe this game without explaining what it is, and at the same time how *do* you even explain it? I suppose if you think of this more like an interactive piece of art than a game then you're halfway there.The Beginner's Guide follows themes of human nature, creativity and socialization all told through snippets of small indie games that you wander through as a narrator explains his take on the creator's thought process. Very thought provoking and utterly unique, it'll leave you feeling stripped bare and unsettled without any real conclusion to comfort yourself with.I highly recommend it, but don't expect anything entertaining in the most traditional sense of the word."
,Recommended,303210,19380879,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,quad341,There was a puzzle. I'm not sure I got it right.
,Recommended,303210,19384097,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,nego,You should stop reading the reviews and start playing the Beginner's Guide. It's a game that gives you more the less you know about it. Go on without any expectations and let it guide you.
,Recommended,303210,19384134,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,C:\GAMES>,"IDK how to explain it, but this was something I needed in gaming recently.  Something that told an interesting story & wasn't inflated with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overdone puzzles or having endless postman quests to force submersion.  It was a fun game & the story unfolded at a good pace.  I didn't really feel like rushing through it, but rather let it take me as a passive player.  If you're an older gamer and/or have enjoyed any of the Myst games & understood what they were trying to accomplish, get this game (or ""Walking Simulator"" as it is dubbed).  It entertained me & worth the SALE price."
,Recommended,303210,19402395,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ScarahHyde,"Wow. In The Beginner's Guide, the narrarator will take you on an emotional journey. It is a unique experience and you should begin this game without making the assumption that it is going to hold typical aspects that video games usually have. There is a lot I want to write about this game, but I don't want to spoil a single moment for you. I suggest you play this game when you have a couple hours of free time so that you may play it in its entirety in one sitting. When it was over I just sat here contemplating the consequences of making assumptions and pondering a world without external gratification. If you are a deep thinker I urge you to buy this little psychological masterpiece of a game. <3 :) That is all."
,Recommended,303210,19404858,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kraftmatic,"A review of The Beginners Guide cannot properly express the thoughts and emotions one has from playing the ""game"".  It really just needs to be experienced to be appreciated."
76561198095400581,Recommended,303210,19408298,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DrSlaughter7,"So, while I recommend this game, I DON""T recommend buying it at full price. It's quite short. Just shy of 2 hours. This game is a feels trip. Due to the nature of the game and why it was made, it's not worth its full price. However, if you can get it on sale for $5 or less, it's a nifty little brain scratcher. Of course, not puzzle wise, but just thought wise. I give this a 3/5"
,Recommended,303210,19408404,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,HappyHappyist,"This game only takes about an hour. Play  If you have the money everyone should experience this. it. I recommend it, and I can say nothing more without spoiling the experience."
76561198122969601,Recommended,303210,19396298,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DeltaRob,"I'm still not sure what to say about this game, but here's what I've got so far:It's sad. Truely sad. I will not spoil anything about the game, but just know it is incredibly sad. With that being said, it is well worth playing. I will admit at $10 it's a little pricey, but I especially recommend it if you can pick it up on sale. This game tells a story that is so gripping, you need to play in one sitting. This game takes you through the mind of a struggling game designer. As someone who is in school for game design and development, I recommend this game to anyone pursuing a career in that field of study. Some parts you can relate to and others will just cause you to sit and stare at your screen.So.. Do I reccomend this game? Yes. Does that mean I like this game?... I'm still not sure if I do. It lacks closure. I found myself sitting at the title screen, thinking ""That was it? That's the end of this game!?"" With that being said, the only reason I am recommending this game, is because it is a truely unique experience."
76561198077675318,Not Recommended,303210,19447053,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,fanniy91,"Don´t expect a second Stanley Parable. This game is more like art and like other art it might be hard for a lot of people (including me) to understand and to enjoy this game. I always felt like a stranger, not being part of Coda's and Wreden's story. If you like to get a look inside the feelings and the problems of a game developer give it a try. For me, I`ll rather wait for Stanley Parable 2."
,Not Recommended,303210,19447633,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Minuteman,Tries to be deeper than it really is. poorly thought out.Waste of my mother♥♥♥♥ing time
,Recommended,303210,19478815,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Twowestex/Westeh❗,"This game... is one of those games that you just do not want to get spoiled, heck I only saw the trailer of this game and that's it, then I brought it and start playing.And man what an experiance it was! It changed my life a bit on how I think about it.I don't wanna spoil anything, i'm just letting you know this, that the story in this game, is in real life... and that made me think differently than all the other story driven games on via Steam or not.Plus it's the same creator of The Stanley Parable so you're in for a treat!I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,303210,19505480,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Skybur,"Beautiful, reflective, inspiring, and so many other words."
76561198077888910,Recommended,303210,19121683,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,zerobolt1,Seriously just buy it. You wont be sorry.
76561198120399319,Recommended,303210,19184239,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Total_Zartist,"I don't draw anymore. I don't want to be artistic anymore. I don't want to find my imagination anymore,I...don'tHelp me."
,Recommended,303210,18347266,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Uyme™,Very deep meaning. Very good game I really hope Coda can see this and know that his games are great and that he should keep creating content.
,Recommended,303210,19124414,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,JägerFang,"This game, its.... Indescribable. Should it be called a game...? I don't know... More like a commentary on what it means to be human. I won't spoil the game, but...It make's you think. Hard. On what drives people, what makes people do the things they do. And I feel like I understand myself better because of it.I feel like I need to go back, and play this again. To truly understand what it means.Impactful beyond any other game I have played."
,Recommended,303210,19258464,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Erecto Expecto,"I cannot say anything about this game nor will I, all I can say is that you should play it"
,Recommended,303210,19258487,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Drlovecherry,"I don't want to say too much about this game, however, it is a piece of art. I recommend any thinking gamer should definitely play it!"
,Recommended,303210,19212520,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Marissa,"The best game of 2015 to me. It's pretty short, so great for busy people. And it's one of the few games that actually made me feel things. Don't look up anything about this game, just buy it and play it."
,Not Recommended,303210,19200411,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mirth,"An interesting premise for a game that ultimately falls flat due to pretentious writing. In brief, the game is a walking sim where the narrator - who is actually the game's creator - guides the player through a series of levels made in Source by a developer friend of his.The basic premise appears to deal with the following two questions:Can you learn something about a creator from the things that they create?Do games need to be 'fun' in order to be good?I would say that the answer to both questions is 'yes.' That doesn't mean that every game needs to be full of guns and explosions, however. The big issue I have with these walking sim type games is that they like to hide behind being 'art' when what they actually are is lazy. I love story-heavy games that have little emphasis on mechanics - visual novels, sound novels, point and clicks, FMV games, Telltale adventures etc. and these games have been around for a very long time.Along comes the walking sim genre, which hides behind pretentious writing or accusations that players just don't 'get it' when they get bored and disengaged. I'm all for unconventional games; I don't mind if a game has barely any player interaction as long as this is made up for with a good story. This is not a good narrative. If you and I are like-minded you will have figured out where this faux-commentary is going long before the end, and when the game hits what is meant to be a crescendo your eyebrow will involuntarily be raised as if to say 'is that it?'It thinks it is deep enough to compensate for being a cluster of boxy corridors, but it really isn't. It reminds me of another eye-rolling art excursion called 'Every Day the Same Dream' - but at least the latter had the decency to be freeware. Give this a go only if you get it on sale for €0.99 or less. Oh, and don't give this a pass because it's the same creator as The Stanley Parable  either."
,Recommended,303210,19208592,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,mmm.... appa joos,"I was expecting a goofy, odd tale.What I got was a work of art."
76561198132105901,Recommended,303210,20715819,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,sly797,this game is a must play for anyone intrested in making games and anyone who's lost a friend please try this
76561198166070948,Recommended,303210,20547794,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,isaac13_13,I don't get it.But I like it.
76561198006884580,Recommended,303210,20548573,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Rockarolla,"If you liked The Stanley Parable you will love The Beginners Guide. This game is great, I would definitely reccomend playing it when you are in a mellow mood."
76561198072422740,Recommended,303210,20530761,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,j1984,"Amazing. The meta-perspective you loved about The Stanley Parable is back but in a different concept. I won't spoil anything about its theme, but you won't be able to quit until you've been through this rollercoaster of a journey, wherein you'll feel unsafe, lonely, peaceful, disturbed, home all at once. It's something to experience. 5 stars!"
76561198028950469,Recommended,303210,20531466,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,petrus@85,"What a surprise this was.I don´t know how to begin describing this game. I guess it´s more of an experience than a real game. It´s short, but very powerful.Great story and a very interesting message from the author. One of the most unique games I have ever played."
,Recommended,303210,20535533,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Grublec,"It's made by the creator of The Stanley Parable, you know it's good.This game is an interesting journey finding out about someone through the narration of one of their friends, while playing the games this person has made.  This game presents a concept that hasnt been done before, and does it flawlessley."
,Recommended,303210,20571416,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Simon Petrikov,"I've never written a review before, but this game certainly deserves to be my first. I'm still a little shaken from playing it. I don't know how to respond other than by writing this review. I - I've never been so emotionally moved by something this much, let alone a game. Buy the game. Just - just buy it."
,Recommended,303210,20596157,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mediocre Onion Knight,"Please just do yourself a favor and play this game. It affected me so incredibly deeply, probably more than any other game has. It's one of those games that is better if you go in completely blind, so I really don't want to say anything about it. I'll just say that this is what happens when the writer of The Stanley Parable makes something serious. It was an experience I will never forget"
,Recommended,303210,20592164,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Thicc Vegan,"Wow.This game is an experience.When i started this game up for the first time, i was expecting a strange little adventure through strange scenarios with strange outcomes, but what i got was a deep, saddening, emotional, and personal story. You really feel the regret of Davey while playing, and you don't quite feel the same afterwards. Truly compelling, and it makes you feel connected to both Coda and Davey, and it draws you into their friendship, communication, and eventual disconnection. While short, this game gives you a truly compelling, emotional, and depressing experience that is sure to stick in your mind for some time to come."
,Recommended,303210,20592433,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,xNecex,"I normally don't write revews for games, but this one I absolutely had too. I just now finished the game and, like other people, I'm speechless. I don't know what to think. Like I'm completely speechless. To be honest, I don't think calling it a ""game"" is really... right? You think you're playing a game when you are really looking at someone's life you know? You'll know what I mean when you check it out... I highly recommend it for anyone looking for something... psychological. Something different. The narration was beautiful and the way in which the game was put together was very nice... I feel like I have to go through it again to be honest... Like wow... Just amazing."
,Recommended,303210,20581893,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,trash,"im cryingi wasnt planning on crying todaybut im cryingplaying this at 3 in the morningand just sitting at my computerand cryingi dont know why im cryingi dont know what im feeling right nowim feeling something and its making me crying and i dont like it but love it at the same timethis game is amazing. this game is going to take your heart and crush it, but only if you understand it. If you dont get it then you're going to ask yourself why did i just spend ten dollars on this?If you understood it and had your emotions crushed you will most likely scream at your computer telling it to take your money, thats what i would do if the entire household wasnt sleeping."
76561197993243033,Recommended,303210,20601138,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AssDance,"I feel compelled to write a review yet I sit here for some time struggling to find any meaningful words to describe The Beginner's Guide. Not that there are a lack of meaningful words to describe it but the complete contrary. The Beginner's Guide by the end leaves you with more questions than answers. For this it stands out for me as one of the few games out there that actually tries to convey a deep meaning, whether I understand what that true meaning is or not. Recommending this game isn't easy yet I'd recommend to all!"
76561198014377764,Recommended,303210,20600095,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Greznox,"It's amazing! Really nothing else like it on the market today, so good!"
,Recommended,303210,30680710,Posted: 22 March,all,lusidity,"A unique walking simulator created and narrated by the guy that made the Stanley Parable. It has a heavy narrative regarding the relationship between creator and audience (in this case, a game developer and someone that loves his games), and touches heavily on common mental health topics like depression, anxiety, etc. It definitely hit me hard at some points, and I highly recommend it if you are open to games that don't involve pew pew pew."
,Recommended,303210,20506216,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Gardegoddess,"If you are looking for a game that is like the Stanley Parable, you won't it here. What you will find is an emotional rollercoaster of a game that will make you feel everything from happiness, confusion, loneliness, and even a sense of relief. I don't think I've played a game that has actually had this much of an effect on my emotions."
76561198035281068,Recommended,303210,20533481,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,JamesGames,"This is a tough game to playI come out of this a sobbing mess, feeling like I violated someone's privacy and that I lost something precious at the same time. I felt simple joy and depression and loneliness and anxiety all throughout this game.I highly recommend it simply because it is a story worth listening to, even if it is not a happy or fulfilling one."
76561198201040165,Recommended,303210,20533774,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,thlayli rah,"I'm not even sure where to start, other than by saying that I finished my first playthrough of this game mere moments ago, and I am still wiping tears from my eyes. People who don't believe video games are a form of art have never experienced the kind of emotional turmoil this game places the ""player"" through. I place quotations around the word player, because I think it would be more accurate to refer to yourself as a spectator. A witness to something very personal and very painful. I don't even know how to continue on from this point, go on with the rest of my day, my week, while this game has settled with me in such an immense way. I'm really emotional, is what I'm trying to convey, here."
,Recommended,303210,20465506,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sigsen,I honestly don't know what to say other than I'm glad I went through it.
76561198124925439,Recommended,303210,20472512,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,onslavght,I thought id sit and stay and learn about your freind .. but its you i understand :( .. doubt the author will ever read this but i had to let you know i understand . and i hope you get peace .. i hope WE get peace .Now for the game its an experiance .. feels
,Recommended,303210,20539535,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CamAtlantic,"It made me curious, awed, depressed, enraged and inspired. It raises complex questions with no clear answers, and it does so more elegantly in under two hours than most games do in 40. I still think about it often."
76561198130718915,Recommended,303210,19503894,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Szyntax,"This game is not like anything i have experience before, this game leaves a very strange feeling on you afterwards. I cannot really stop thinking about this and what it means so if you want to play it i would recommend it but be warned. It will mess with your head for a while."
76561198143214899,Recommended,303210,19495032,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rageal,"A very insightful game, I would definitely recommend this. I thoroughly enjoyed playing through the entire thing."
,Recommended,303210,18393777,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Nihilore,An absolute must experience for any creative or introspective person. the last time i got goosebumps like this was when i first saw End of Evangelion
,Recommended,303210,19496796,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,it's me sona,that was some deep♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,303210,19499234,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,sleemak,ABSUOLUTE AMAZEBALLS AND TOTAL BALLSIHALATION
76561198031120571,Not Recommended,303210,19505308,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CC,"For fans of the Stanley Parable, the Beginner's Guide is, sadly, a big step back, much inferior to the recent (and free!) ""Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger And The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist."" The game is, if anything, about games criticism, using a series of five-minute games and a narrator's interpretation of those games to tell the story of a relationship. However, these gamelets are so cursorily made and employ such crude symbols that they offer nothing besides grist for the narration. Offering next to no interaction, the entire work offers the player so little agency—even compared to the wandering of The Stanley Parable, Proteus or Dear Esther—that one would be better off simply reading some good criticism of real games. While there may be something in the notion of a game about parsing mini-games, those mini-games would need to have some depth and variety of their own, and those in the Beginner's Guide simply do not."
,Recommended,303210,19525538,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Wainamoinen,"A thought provoking, beautifully constructed story/journey about understanding something. More cannot be said without spoiling, since The Beginner's Guide is experienced best when you do not have any expectations or knowledge before hand."
,Recommended,303210,19471076,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bananapeel,This game is like if you and Davey Wreden sat down by a warm fire and you just listened to him tell you an emotional rollercoaster of a story.
,Recommended,303210,19471152,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ankhxy,"I've been thinking about how to review this game and I just honestly don't know how, but this game has left me awe-struck, nothing else has left such an impression on me."
,Recommended,303210,19501972,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Maeddoc,Rather awesome.
,Not Recommended,303210,19483393,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sp@rklingPony666,"Is it an interesting and sad story? Yes.Is it a game worth the asked price? I'm not sure....Don't go in this expecting a game. It's not even ""not a game"" like Stanley Parable, in my eyes it's even less of a game (btw. I loved Stanley Parable). I'm really unsure what to make of this... It made me sad but I still wouldn't recommend it, unless you are looking for a kind of depressing story to listen to."
,Recommended,303210,19488180,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[B!Gx] Boring,"Realy deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if this aren`t the right words do say what i feel and what feelings this game maye give you. its a masterpice without doupt and also sad, maybe you will b angry at the end of the game on the producerc or you will be despret or maybe just confuist but all in all this game will let you fell many diffrent felling and empresions. This is for me the best game ever even if i feel a littel bit guildy at the end-"
76561198026758558,Recommended,303210,19155833,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,dude | manly,"Bravo. Just, just bravo."
,Recommended,303210,19109284,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Satisfactual,"This game successfully manipulated my emotions. 10/10, Walking simulator of the year, no joke would buy again."
,Recommended,303210,19246585,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:-Deeply thought-provoking-Story that must be experienced at least once-Has something for everone-Excellent environment and music; sets the tone wellCons:-Not a game, but an interactive story-Character has no real effect on storyline-Very short-Little replay valueOverall:This is a walking simulator, meaning there's no real gameplay.  You experience the game.  This tells an amazing story, and I won't spoil it.  It speaks to the player on several emotional levels, and the environments are perfectly crafted to suit this need, as is the soundtrack.  My real issue is the price - for ten dollars you can get a lot of other things.  This game is short, has exactly one plotline to be experienced, and overall will only give you a few hours of time for your money.  I still think you should buy it, if only to support this type of game development, because the game is absolutely brilliant.  But if you don't have the cash or just don't want to spend it on this, you can fully experience the game through a Let's Play video.Bottom Line:Recommend, but understand what you're buying"
76561197996758520,Not Recommended,303210,19261304,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Saliken,"The Beginner's Guide makes you feel something. I have no other words really. It wasn't a very pleasent something, and not something quite tangible enough for me to feel like I've learned or gained anything, just a something. I finished the game in the morning and it took all day before the something finally left me, and when it had I realized I was no better off having experienced it. It's a very personal something, and in light of that I cannot criticize it the same way I would another game. All I would say is that The Beginner's Guide is something that you very possibly will not enjoy, which is likely what the intended effect was in the first place, and I did not personally find it a good experience."
76561197987779649,Recommended,303210,18557825,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Shrike,"Brilliant, crazy, sick"
76561198085670900,Recommended,303210,18358209,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Paragunsky Da Animu Hunter,lik dis if u cri evrytiem
76561198085461263,Recommended,303210,18376390,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,officerddude,"This game is very differnet from most games. if you have played the stanley parable you will get an idea of the kind of game, or better off the kind of story this is. But this goes much deeper than a game. and it is done so beuatifully. experience it yourslef."
76561198106513157,Recommended,303210,18376392,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kanye West,"It will make you think about games, yourself, your friends, family, everyone around you, life, and everything. It gives insight from an outside source. You are the outside source to this story and it's too easy to take this outside source and relate it to yourself. After the game be prepared to feel done, and just sit still for a moment."
,Recommended,303210,18376543,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SPC Boom,"Yes, The Beginner's Guide is absolutely worth it.  It's got more game to it than the typical ""1st-person walker"" experience.  While the story isn't exactly complete, I rather like how it's all left sorta hanging.  The only way to understand why the narrative is the way it is is to actually play The Beginner's Guide.It's worth noting that anyone with their own emotional issues will likely connect with this narrative on a personal level.  I did, and it made everything sooooo much better.  As a friend of mine might say, grab your permission slip, you're going on a feels trip."
76561198023849542,Recommended,303210,18376606,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,commonGround88,is it a game? ...not reallyis it a story? ...not reallyis it a puzzle? ...not reallyis it art? ... not reallydo you play it? ...not reallydo you watch it? ... not reallyYou open it.you experience it...
76561198128753537,Recommended,303210,18376640,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MartianHam,"This game nearly brought me to tears. As a game it's simple and gently paced, but that doesn't matter. The way the Beginner's Guide manipulates your emotions is nothing sort of incredible. I'm not recommending this game because it's fun, but because it will effect you in a positive way. Saying anything less vague would take away from the experience, just get on with it yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18376874,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,A Bell-End,"Great, short, powerful game that tugs at your emotions.... if you like deep meaning calm games this is definite reccomendation."
76561198106025595,Recommended,303210,18376962,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,CrimsonGamer99,"This is not a video game. This is an experience. This is a story. This will make you look at everything in a whole new perspective. This will teach you not to judge someone or jump to conclusions. This will show you that some things are not to be shared. This will give you the chance to walk in the shoes of someone who has depression, social anxiety, ADHD, OCD, suicidal intents, and more. This is the story of Coda and a man who took an interest in his work. This will change your life."
,Recommended,303210,18376967,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,bennynitro,I went into The Beginner's Guide not knowing what to expect. I think I'm just as clueless after playing it.
76561198221172400,Recommended,303210,18376973,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mr. BEEFY,"I don't know what to say... if you have just a little bit of time to spend, get this game and go through the experiance that it takes you through."
,Recommended,303210,18376991,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mikey13,"Very well narrated, I love how the game does a great job of making the player feel like they are reliving the narrators perspective. 10/10-It is only 180 minutes and for $10 I would try and wait untill its on sale but definitly recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,21168622,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Spanic The Spichog,"On the fence about this game. It is a great idea to base an interactive story around, definitely, but I feel as though it more or less forced a certain perspective on you, which I can't say I enjoyed. Not recommended to those who suffer from depression or anxiety, as this game can and will bring your fears to life."
,Recommended,303210,21169520,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,commiechihuahua,"it really makes you question what is real and what is not, there are some twists and turns but this game will not leave you satisfied, and that's what it intended to do"
,Recommended,303210,21168997,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MNGwinn,I'm not entirely sure I understand this game.
,Recommended,303210,21134951,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Abu Haleema Destroyer of Kuffar,"""Stop putting lampposts in my games."""
,Recommended,303210,21134877,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,JayDee,"Well....That hit me like a brick wall.easily relatable to everyone, but also to those who suffer from any form of mental illness or problem.It works off of forming opinions of someone from incomplete material or just any sort content that someone has produced.whether you can trust this opinion, and whether your actions will help others, or hurt them."
,Not Recommended,303210,21174769,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Arc115,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!This is not a game, this is not a ""deep narrative"", this is not a philisophical perspective on human emotion, this is nothing more than person being deceitful and using people to apologize to someone for mistakes they made.It is NOT a interpersonal, and introspective narrative game where you will walk away with some deep pondering question!It is NOT one of those games that you leave just going ""Hmmmm..."" for a good while.It is NOT worth $10! It's not worth a quarter! It should be free!It's not even a good ""walking simulator""**SPOILER AHEAD**People are reading to deeply into this game, and searching for a meaning that isn't really there. The developer's friend Coda honestly is just a silly person, and didn't see that the developer had his best intentions (misunderstood, but still good intentions) in mind and got hurt. Then the developer got hurt because he hurt his friend (and DECEITFULLY played his friends work off as his own) and in turn created this DECEITFUL AND SELFISH MESS in an attempt to apologize to this ""Coda"" person.Regardless of whether this ""Coda"" represents a real person, is infact, Davey himself, or just an elaborate metaphor, the point he is trying to drive home is still shallow and lacks any true ""development"" from the developer.All this being said, I may see how this ""game"" might mildly appeal to another game developer as they may better connect with some of the things expressed (though not for $10), but even still,,, don't go digging for something that isn't really there.Your money would sincerely be better spent on anything else. For games that truly appeal to you emotionally check out Bioshock series, To the Moon, the Deponia series (dat ending doe D:), and many others, or maybe even just buy 10 chocolate bars. Spend your hour and a half watching a good movie while you eat your chocolate bars.Arc"
,Recommended,303210,21195008,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dussed,This.. this was deep.
,Recommended,303210,21195921,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lore,"I think the most important thing i can say about this game is that for me, this game felt like depression in a lot of ways.  I cried on a couple of the levels.  I felt a whole range of emotions, from curiousity, hope, anxiety, depression, anger, guilt, etc.  It is essentially a walking simulator but it is a story.  Think of it more like watching an interactive novel or an hour and a half long movie or whatever.  I absolutely think it was worth the 10 dollars."
,Not Recommended,303210,21197795,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Capashin,"Want to know how to make a game not meaningful?  Hold my hand through the entire thing and explain every bit because I clearly am not smart enough to understand it all myself.  This is everything a story driven game SHOULDN'T be.  No interactivity, no exploration, no choice, nothing that the medium benefits from.  This should have been a film instead."
,Recommended,303210,21142829,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bastiyang,This's a game recommended for people who's ready to receive a lecture about something that is pretty much lost these days: Empathy.
,Recommended,303210,21163913,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Death Of A Bachelor,It'll hurt.
76561198056924486,Recommended,303210,21135835,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Aleyus,"This game crawled inside my head and made a nest there. It's compelling, moving, emotional. It wore me like a suit and took me off at the end. Now I feel a sad emptyness. I recommend this game to anyone with emotions."
,Recommended,303210,21142335,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Huckle,damn.
,Recommended,303210,21144621,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Itrade,This game is not fun or happy but it's short and interesting and different and will give you a lot to talk about with other people who have played this game. I don't regret playing it. I recommend this game if you want to think and do a story and don't mind feeling sad for a bit. If you want fun and gameplay though this is very much probably not the thing to buy.
,Recommended,303210,21140725,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,welfare child,this game gave me more than just chills
,Recommended,303210,21139942,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Karmac0de,"This is not a typical game in the least. I think that most would refer to it as a 'walking simulator,' but that wouldn't really do it justice. The story that this game tells is not pleasant and it may, or may not, be true. One thing is for certain, it does broaden your thinking of how game development really is and what emotional toll it can take on those involved. This is definitely a game that should be experienced because it makes you think not logically as in puzzles and problems typically found in games, but philosophically."
,Recommended,303210,21140303,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lark,"only an hourin a world with 2 hour refunds.......solid game but not really worth moneyrefund/10seriously though, its a decent game, i just refunded it because im poor and it was an actual hour long."
,Recommended,303210,21096330,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sazime,"I was not always sure I would like narrative driven games, but due to ""The Stanley Parable,"" ""Gone Home"" and now ""The Beginner's Guide,"" I can say it is fast becoming one of my favorite genres.For less than the cost of a movie ticket, I was treated to a story told in a way a movie never could, and I'm ever more excited about the future of this genre!"
76561198023127585,Recommended,303210,21111372,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cutiesaurs,This game is emotional. I feel depress when I was playing this game and it make me question my artistic skill because I just wrote a script for a Drawn to Life reboot. You should totaly buy this game it make you feel all kinds of emotions.
,Recommended,303210,21155319,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Minerva,Thank you for this.
,Recommended,303210,32723937,Posted: 24 June,all,Orionweblab,"This is an amazing ""game"" which I played fully and enjoyed every bit of the story. I hope ""he"" sees this game. I would rate 9/10"
76561198071770296,Recommended,303210,32751308,Posted: 24 June,all,Muki,This is definately a game that is clearly self-aware to not only what it is and its message but also the audience that plays games. I also feel that this game not only addresses game developers but also addresses artists who pour their life and expressions and their audience's perspective.
,Recommended,303210,32747181,Posted: 24 June,all,revode,"This is not your story, so don't go in trying to think you direct the outcome.  There are no achievements to show others what you did or did not do in the game.  To be fair, it was never really yours to interact with anyway.I don't know if others found themselves in Davey as they continued alone the game, but I know I did.  Within his own thoughts and actions was a feeling of validation for my own feelings I've had for a Coda in my life.  And because of that trust and connection I had from the start, I found that I was in for an intense and humbling ride."
,Recommended,303210,32732588,Posted: 24 June,all,Rekun,"It's an experience worth having, but I doubt you'll ever repeat it. But again, worth it."
76561198203119262,Recommended,303210,32800266,Posted: 25 June,all,My life :  Finale season,The most exciting and touching game I heve ever played.
,Recommended,303210,32699791,Posted: 23 June,all,Top GNASHERS™,"After playing this game, I found the experience thoroughly captivating and emotion filled, but...Why is this game not free? Placing a price on something like this is morally wrong, Davey Wreden should be ashamed."
,Recommended,303210,32747959,Posted: 24 June,all,Exia - エクシア,10/10
76561198011444828,Recommended,303210,32798555,Posted: 25 June,all,Cabbage,A walk'em up experience that just hits you with emotions
76561198201922820,Recommended,303210,32744867,Posted: 24 June,all,WillTheKid,"If you have any reservations as to whether or not to buy this game, shoot those reservations in the face. Buy it.Only 1hour of gameplay to convey a message that I've seen countless games fail to achieve in 100hours. Themes, such as the restriction of free-will, are explored that bear similarities to the Stanley Parable; however, overall the Beginner's Guide could not be so different a game to it's older brother. This 'biography' (after much thought, I think that this word suits this game best) is riddled with teachings and morales that I believe (with the rise of stress, anxiety and mental health issues in our society) are only becoming increasingly relevant.My best suggestion is to enter into this 'game' as blindly as you can to enjoy the journey fully.If you want an unforgettable experience in a short amount of time, play this game."
76561198124560408,Recommended,303210,32808622,Posted: 26 June,all,Minearhero,Came in knowing nothing of the game and made me feel very emoitional. It is ful of meaning and I could recommend it for anyone looking for a more serious game.
,Recommended,303210,32752093,Posted: 24 June,all,The Batter,I was not prepared for such an emotional rollercoaster of an expeirence. Absolutly the best delivery of a story I have ever seen.
,Recommended,303210,18421813,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Deranged Boy,How to regret and love buying a game 10110/10 would feel again
,Recommended,303210,32837710,Posted: 26 June,all,Rex,Great game! Great story about other games.
,Recommended,303210,32839004,Posted: 26 June,all,Kekremsi,"Jesus, this game man..."
,Recommended,303210,32838339,Posted: 26 June,all,//JLI.space/,no words.
76561198140054623,Recommended,303210,32825891,Posted: 26 June,all,piggy_pia,this hit me strait in the soft spot. loved it so amazingly meaningful
76561198274003456,Recommended,303210,32824446,Posted: 26 June,all,Señor Hoovy,This game is a beautiful trip through the mind of an individual. Give this game a go if you have the spare cash.
,Recommended,303210,32746547,Posted: 24 June,all,PieMunch,"Wow, completely not what i expected. PRetty heavy but really good. Something completely different and well worth your time!"
76561198131348237,Recommended,303210,32712077,Posted: 23 June,all,carlsojos,"Just played through in a single sitting (88 minutes playtime for me). My eyes are burning, my nose is running, and my face is wet with tears.  A beautiful, depressing story that's no longer than a movie but at the same price point."
76561198270952272,Recommended,303210,32752919,Posted: 24 June,all,pablolr0,42
76561198054987703,Recommended,303210,27745909,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BigBabelyBou :>,Love it !!
,Recommended,303210,27755234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Neptune,"This is not a game, this is an experience. I love this game and it""s not even a game you can play moe then once. I cried at the end and any good experience will make you feel something deep. I will reccomend this game if you ae looking to feel something and learn from other peoples mistakes."
,Recommended,303210,27653819,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alexfayt,"The Beginner's Guide, is a story driven game. About going through games that someone had made and trying to figure out the message. The Beginner's Guide makes you think about the nature of humans, and how one person can negetivly affect you. I recommend this game to anyone that wants a story that (in my opinion) makes you think and feel for the narator."
,Recommended,303210,27654828,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Billy Blueberry,No words.
76561198128472247,Recommended,303210,27723590,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,shazamuel89,"This is a great game that everyone should play. It is about creativity and how it can be really easy at times to be creative, and at other times it can be impossible."
,Recommended,303210,27725655,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lemonastis,"This game surprised me after learing it was from the guy who did the Stanley Parable. I didn't know exactly what to expect, but I was not disappointed in the overall presentation. It's not quite a game, but i wouldn't say it's not worth playing. It is a bit of a thrill ride from the beginning, and you don't really know where it's going sometimes. Overall, this is a good game to play, and possibly come back to after you've not played it in a while."
76561198298582255,Recommended,303210,27727286,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JustSmiling,"I, at first watched Jacksepticeye play this, I bought it right afterward. This is such a good game and altthough it shouldn't have the replayablity I still look into the theories and steam forums and artwork.. It's a really good game"
76561198017831626,Recommended,303210,27731646,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,VereTipsu,"This rather a story than a game, although you play many games during this story. Or maybe, this starts out as a game about games, but turns into a retrospective of a story. Either way, it is an experience that left me wanting to know more about the two main characters...who they were, who were their friends, what did they do outside of making games....But I'm afraid we will never get to know that.A recommendation: do not go looking for ""The Stanley Parable, Part 2"", this is not that game. There are similarities, but that is as far as the dice rolls. This is a story on it's own and a good one at that."
,Recommended,303210,27738734,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,spudboy,"If you are a person who wants to spend your life creating things or thinking about things others have created, play this game. Definitely the best ""walking simulator"" game out there. The game had a major impact on me."
,Recommended,303210,27736528,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ryu096,A short story that conveys a message which might be based on real events.  Might being the key word.
,Recommended,303210,27741185,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BUDSTER,"Literally art, BUY THIS AND PLAY IT! I cried, no shame"
,Recommended,303210,27740197,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,felixfreshness,"Very short, very sweet, very super-freaking awesome!!!"
,Recommended,303210,27741414,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JojiVlogs,Very good.
76561198086215508,Recommended,303210,19314019,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Androchan,"If you're craving existential crisis-inducing entertainment, this is the game for you."
76561197991429712,Recommended,303210,20058770,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[2To4]MrBeats,"I went into this game without reading anything about it, not even the description. And that is what I recommend you do. In fact, you are ruining it just by reading this review. Tell you what, stop reading and just buy the game. You won't be sorry you did. And if you are sorry, that just may tell you something about yourself you need to know."
76561198256023872,Recommended,303210,27547821,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,8bitzodiac,"This game is awesome, short, but awesome.I may be a bit bias because I tend to love games with great narrators/narrtion, but it really is a good game.But be warned, if you want gameplay you won't find it here, as the tags imply, this is a walking simulator, so there will be walking and a few basic puzzles, but not much else.It's pretty short, but don't let that detract from the game, its one of those games that just wouldn't work if it was long.Also, for what ever reason I was constantly on edge through parts of this game, probably because of how dark it is in some parts, so don't worry and look down at the floor becuase something might be hiding in the shadows, just enjoy the expierence, nothing in this game is scary, that would defeat the point of the game.Despite the fact this review was kind of negative I really do like this game its story and narration are great, and it makes you feel, I definetely recccomend it."
,Recommended,303210,27583987,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LocustStar,"Not so much a game, as an experience. Overwhelming and heart wrenching.From the same visual storytelling genius that brought you The Stanley Parable, The Beginners Guide is equally incredible, albeit in some very different ways. Davey Wreden tells a very personal story about a friend of his who was a budding game developer named Coda. Play through his artistic prototypes and experiments while Davey narrates the story of his friendship with a troubled Coda.The Beginners Guide is the only game I have played which I would class as a true to life drama. Whether the character Coda is a real person or not, his friendship with Davey is something that feels very real, very tangible, and completely relatable. We have seen a trend towards interactive storytelling games recently and this one takes it to new heights.Though this could be classed as a 'walking simulator', which might put some people off, if you're interested in the game development process, or enjoy a good drama, I can't recemmend this one enough."
76561198083059727,Recommended,303210,27565757,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,R4ndalf,"Interactive art that's intended to hit you hard in the region that feels things. If nothing else, interesting, thought provoking, and gorgeously, lovingly made."
,Recommended,303210,27568923,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheClassyBandit,"While this game made by the same people who make The Stanely Parable. This is not The Stanley Parable. This a game that takes you away from that crazy world of Stanley and throws you down an emotional flight of stairs. It's a masterpiece that will make you feel uncomfortable, uneasy, curious, and a need to push foward. It's such an intersting concept to see how this game unfolds. I highly recommend this game so anyone."
,Recommended,303210,23337583,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Speady99,"A Pure Work of Video Game Art and Narrative!I'll be completely honest here. This was just one of those games in my library that was just sitting there, so I decided to check it out. After the first few minutes, I was immediately hooked, playing through the entire game in one sitting!Without going into too many spoilers,The Begnner's Guidetells the story of a game developer attempting to showcase his friend's works, only to discover an emotional secret hidden within them. It is purely a ""walking simulator"", but allows the player to play through an assortment of this ""Coda's"" work. Playing with a very strong narration by Davey Wreden, creator of The Stanley Parable (another game which I have yet to play, sadly), this isn't just a game.The Begnner's Guideis practically a masterpiece in narrative, and I felt as if I was ""playing"" a documentary on the work of ""Coda""! I cannot recommend this game enough, especially if you are personally a developer of video games!10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,303210,19887887,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mrjamboy52,I actually have no words for my reaction to this game.
,Recommended,303210,19888093,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Brostoyevsky,"A game about understanding depression, self struggle and oneself. Play it. Immaculate timing makes this as close to an interactive movie as anything I've ever experienced and I loved every second of it.Consider it like a movie. You pay to experience it once. I think it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,303210,19888192,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,aim9sidewinder,"I expected much. And I got something I don't know what to think of.It's not a game. It doesn't have a story or any twist. It's not particularly interactive. It's not pretty. It's not innovative.For 9€ youll get an interactive blog entry. A fragmet of a person's life. A trip down the rabbit hole that is the developer's brain. The story behind it is touching and interesting and it will keep you listening for its 1,5 hours of playtime.But, for the walking simulator it is, it is pretty weak. It's not as visually appealing as Dear Esther and not as entertaining as Gone Home. This game should be free, it's definitely not worth it's regular price.I can't recommend it for the full price. Should you really want to play it, buy it when it's discounted."
76561198032574598,Not Recommended,303210,19888222,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[T]404,"Just finished the game and I really don't know what to think.  At times it was okay and made you think, but overall I would say do not waste your money. I think the end was wierd, and if this is a true story, the narator is a wierdo.  I wish I could take that hour or two back."
,Recommended,303210,19888371,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mojihaka,"Where the Stanley Parable uses simple video games to analyze game development, The Beginner's Guide uses them to analyze people, and how they think. The result is exactly what you would expect: a simplistic, laid-back walking simulator force players to think in ways that are equally stimulating, entertaining, and, at times, unnerving."
,Recommended,303210,19886817,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fox,It is a wonderfull game. I recommend it to everyone who isn't afraid to cry
76561197996825618,Recommended,303210,19898419,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,0AW,"First off, I wanna say that this is not your typical game.I cannot tell you what its about or what is the goal.I have felt shivers and sadness. I was troubled and extremely confused...This is not a game, its an experience and I highly recommend it."
76561198078232454,Recommended,303210,19898524,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Tie Die,This was an amazing game. I could not stop playing it. The narration was beautiful and thought-provoking. I have never felt such a strong sense of touching melancholy from a game.  I'd say it's even better than the Stanley Parable!
,Recommended,303210,19901694,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Danger Noodle,I uhhh.... I don't have words to describe this.  Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,19901695,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sleepyperson,If only things that made me feel like this happened in real life.
76561198042788473,Recommended,303210,26058621,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,masterniclas,this game made me feal things
76561198244171198,Recommended,303210,27478863,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rice_Puddn,This game made me feel feelings
,Recommended,303210,27478327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bastion,The game that i played for about 3 hours but let me thinking about it for the whole week. A discussion on the separation between an artist as a person and the art the artist produces.
,Recommended,303210,27557486,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thad,"This seems like an interesting tale of someone explaining someone else's work, but by the end you are just caught up in the struggle of what it means to think you care..."
,Recommended,303210,27557594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Buns of Aluminum,This is more of an interactive story than it is a traditional game. There are some very interesting thoughts presented in it. It takes about 90 minutes or so to complete. I'd recommend it if you feel like experiencing a story.
76561198202763856,Recommended,303210,26702897,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DYBYL,"This was something..I believe there is Coda in this world and this Coda is creating one game, which is constantly being carefully crafted, taking whole lifetime to create,  masterpiece.. but we might never see it. This is both sad and wonderful.This game is inspiring, sooooooooo not like other games. I loved it!!!10/10"
,Recommended,303210,27558672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Burger Bork,"It's beautiful, definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,303210,27555398,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Usman Nooruddin,"Just two words that should suffice the review of this game:Mind KABOOM!It took me 95 minutes to complete this game. And I also did a little sight seeing along the way since I previously knew that it is a short game, so I should admire it while I can.But every second was worth it.Hats Off. Definitely Recommend."
76561198131655653,Recommended,303210,27537387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DangerVanDam,Awesome game that went right in the feels :^( 10/10 - DangerVanDam ( like im relevant or smth )
,Recommended,303210,27067482,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ITGuyLordOfTheMilfs,"A game where you learn the story of a man and his mentor. and how sorry the man is for what he's done. Amazing, I still cry when I play it."
,Recommended,303210,18283421,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Xtr3m3,I honeslty just don't know what to say about this game. It is just so... different. It is just unlike anything else.Just buy it. Set aside an hour and a half and just play it.
,Recommended,303210,27093692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sad Burrito,that's preeetty neat! KKona
76561198001323024,Recommended,303210,27455459,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CamelRage,"The feels.. they are all at once unexpected and confusing and i still don't really know how to take this ""walk-em-up"". All i know is - i'm glad i played it.This game might not be for everyone - its more of a thoughtful walking experience while being narrated to. If you don't like clear answers in your stories, or you're the kind of person that likes to think they have a movie figured out halfway through, you wont like this.If you enjoy getting wrapped up in a narrative that twists itself (and you along with it), this is something you will enjoy... well, enjoy might not be the word.. but its definitely an experience!10/10.. would be mind-twisted again!"
,Recommended,303210,18692890,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Lumin ☼,This game nearly made me cryIt hit me in places i did not know could be hitHave not played a game this good in a while10/10 Everyone needs to play it.
,Recommended,303210,18366622,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,WatchWolf,"Harrowing and uplifiting. I cried (twice). I wrote this review ages ago, so it should definately win the ""I've got something in my eye"" award."
,Recommended,303210,27437482,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wizod,Games is ♥♥♥♥in art dude.
76561198064901200,Recommended,303210,27394026,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bird,This isn't a game. It is a story that is defiantely worth tuning in for.
,Recommended,303210,19008097,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,LuchaRoar,"This has become my favourite game I've ever played. It's not the best game and it won't appeal to everyone but I've never had a video game have such an intense and unique emotional affect on me.I usually find games that can be classified as ""walking simulators"" as painfully boring. However, this game is a perfect example of telling a story that cannot be done in any other medium. It's a perfect representation of storytelling in video games.I don't want to say too much more and, honestly, there's not much more to comment on. The less you know about the game the better your experience will be. This is one of those games where anything you know about the game could be called a spoiler; expect for what I've told you of course.The Beginner's Guide is only $10. Give it a try. I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,303210,27466511,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pail,"This game is phenomenal at demonstrating the frustrations of game design. It is well written, and made and the story (if true or false) is extremely moving. Definitely recommend to anyone interested in game design."
,Recommended,303210,18363869,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,firefLY,"If you are looking for absolutely new game experience, look no further. Great project, for those who likes stories. This one is hard to describe, you just should try it, it will make your brain go boom if you'll think about it too much."
,Recommended,303210,20668379,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TwoFoxSix,"This is a very short story, but enjoyable.  There is minimal ""gameplay"" but it keeps you glued to it until you finish."
76561197970537069,Recommended,303210,20668643,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,im68guns,Great gameYou need to play it to get the full experience420/10
,Recommended,303210,20668244,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,FNATIC Charles,"Amazing game! good narrative, good music, amazing levels and just everything is amazing about it! i really didn't expect how it turned out in the end, and it really played with my feelings. I GIVE THIS GAME 10/10! i promise, you won't regret buying it ;)"
,Recommended,303210,20766507,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,2milho,"This game is pure genius.I haven't gotten so emotional playing a game since To The Moon, which literally made me cry.Let's start the review then:FACTS- 1.5 to 2 hours gameplay time for a run (not much replayability unless you want to revisit some chapters, clear doubts).- add to that the time you'll be spending googling what the hell was that all about? Who's Coda?! And/or discussing the ending with your friends who've also played.- truly unique experience for a game.PROS- great deep story, told in ways you've probably never seen before (most definitely not in a game. some alternative films might have similar structures - not mentioning names to avoid spoilers).- very well polished, continuous experience/gameplay.- easy and acessible- The Stanley Parable worthy sucessor (related in a way, something entirely different too)CONS- You might not identify with this type of game. You will not be challenged, no puzzles will be mind-bending, there are no enemies to kill. The game is led by a narrator and what gets you hooked is the content of his speech, his ideas and thoughts, linked to what you're experiencing in gameplay. Enjoy-the-ride type of game.- Short (man I wish there was more!)- Sometimes you gotta be patient. And grind a bit. And be tormented, pure anguish. It's not really a con, just part of the experience. Be ready and do not give up. The game doesn't go easy on you, especially if you're a sensible person.I'll stop there so to not spoil the experience anymore. That might be enough for people to get the picture and decide if it's worthy. If you're a game enthusiast in general, and like games about games, don't pass on this one. It's amongst my top 10 steam games for sure. And I'll be revisiting it very soon."
,Recommended,303210,20761938,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,aggressive pizza,"This game was very interesting, and sad. I really recommend this game to people who played the Stanley Parable."
76561198069572147,Recommended,303210,18399553,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Hugz,"More art project than game, yet a very good art project. A*"
76561198083076365,Recommended,303210,20957155,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ferdferd,"A nice, short game for people that can take a 1-2 hours to listen and to experience. But as most other Reviews say: DON'T EXPECT SOMETHING LIKE ""The Stanley Parable"". Although the Game also relies on it's Narrator, it's not like it.P.S.Don't watch Reviews about the Game. This would spoil some things for you and the experience would suffer from this."
,Recommended,303210,20958632,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,sirmmo,"Just as the Stanley Parable is a beautiful example of what gaming is, this is an example of what a future museum of gaming could be. Beautifully logical and illogical at the same time."
76561198068245416,Recommended,303210,20960525,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Final Infinity,"So I have to be honest...I find myself at a loss for words. I have never played anything like this. This type of narrative gameplay was unique and incredible. It made me feel all sorts of emotions. The game really makes you stop and think about...well a lot of things. I highly recommend this game to people who are looking for something more then just your ordinary game. I loved it so much that I bought it two more times for my buddies who were skepitcal. After they finished the game their feelings towards it pretty much mirrored my own. I doubt i'll ever get to play something this deep again in my life but its worth it. I would've paid $60 for this game so it is a bargain at the price. You can quote me on this, ""I think it's something every gamer should play."" -Final Infinity-"
76561198027180756,Recommended,303210,20950675,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,t o h u v a b o h u,can't stop crying send help
,Recommended,303210,20976792,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fiery?,"There are no other words to say, but it makes you question yourself and that is why you should play it"
,Recommended,303210,20952450,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trickyni,Looking forward to some more advenced stuff.
76561198010970704,Recommended,303210,21025454,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Left Handed Hero,"Gordon Freeman experiences a bizarre dream.---SPOILERS---SPOILERS---SPOILERS------SPOILERS---SPOILERS---SPOILERS---Sometimes the narrative felt over-dramatic, making you question the validity of the narrative earlier than you should, but I honestly did enjoy the experience. Call me naive but it wasn't until the end of the game that I realized the premise was fake; however, that was the game's fault. It was probably inevitable though, and I still had a good time, so I'm not really bothered by that too much.I was keeping an open mind for awhile and figured that at some point there would be a revelation of effort by Davey to justify any price for the game (given the premise). First I was noticing subtle details of the levels that were better than they had the right to be: like textures, lighting effects, and music. Some parts of the narration sound far too 'scripted'. Then he kinda blew it by stating his supposed explicit reason for distributing the game, which would make no sense at all then to sell it for profit. And lastly, the Epilogue level wasn't created by 'Coda', so while it was interesting visually and made for a better ending, I'm not sure what to make of the purpose for that in context of the narrative.As far as ""walking simulators"" go, I think this is arguably one of the better ones. It sorta felt like watching a short film or documentary, but because of the narrative, it succeeded to be in the unique form of the interactive medium that is a video game. There were times I felt uneasy, or times I wanted to explore, and the game seemed to often respect those feelings. If there was less room to move around or if there had been jumpscares, the experience would have felt significantly cheapened. There was a pretty good balance between linearity and tension.As a side note: Despite the relatively simple scenes, the Source engine still surpises me with how well optimized it is, even for toaster computers like the one I was using when I checked this out."
,Recommended,303210,21044278,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cont3xt,"Pros:- ?;Cons:- ?;(At the first time on my reviews I'm not considering pros or cons for a game. The reason is that this method just doesn't apply to this particular game. My only tip for this game is that you need to carefully listen and experience it for yourself, you need to feel it).Rating: ?/? - Up to you![]'s,cont3xt"""
,Recommended,303210,21128855,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,xJORGEWILLIAMSx,"Never has a game made me feel, more than this game has. The feeling is hard to describe. I completely recommend that anyone reading this buy this game."
,Recommended,303210,21132953,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Gabrieleiro,"I don't even remember the last time a game could make me feel like this.If you play games to have fun and is waiting for something like The Stanley Parable, don't play The Beginner's Guide. Otherwise, I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,303210,21133301,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,NipDaTip,"Just finished ""The Beginner's Guide"" a story about...an experience...?Graphics: Based on source engine it definitely is or isn't depending on that which is or is not.Story: I give it a solid omega for it's protuberanceGameplay: Sometimes you're in, sometimes you're out. It's all about perspective I supposeReplay: Between yes and HorticultureTry the multiplayer!"
,Recommended,303210,21130743,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Q',"This is more of an interactive experience than a game, there's no choice or puzzles. I'd call it a fictional documentary about the game developer ""Koda"" (If that's how it's spelled). It's similar to The Stanley Parable in that it's more about the overall message and theme than the actual gameplay.Although it's not alot of playtime i'd deffinitley say it's worth the price. I won't be forgetting this game anytime soon."
,Recommended,303210,21108004,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Prof_Swampy,GAME OF THE YEAR
,Recommended,303210,21093339,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,samiamir,Set aside an hour and a half and walk into this game blind.
76561198073398468,Recommended,303210,19938837,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Wolf of Mibu,"Look, I don't do reviews often, and I know 5 dollars is a lot to pay(I write this during the winter sale, it's half off) for an hour and a half of gameplay... but this is something really, really special. And you... should see it. You should play it."
,Recommended,303210,19939149,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AlphaMeese,It will leave you speechless.
,Recommended,303210,19939484,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Alpenmilch,Wonderful message
76561198055384925,Recommended,303210,19942715,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DigClassGate,"I can't say much about this other than this. If you find stories about game development, personal struggle or just like narrative driven games. Its a must buy, Its around 1 hour long so get it while its on sale. other than that. I give this a around 8/10. Not for everyone. But can really make you think twice about developers"
76561198116732411,Recommended,303210,19911448,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AQUA,The most depressing game I played this year.
,Recommended,303210,19911614,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Murfi,"This game tells a very personal story, but I believe it will resonate with many of the players. I recommend it because it is a story that can only be told in an interactive way. Play this game if you want to witness what a game can do that a movie or a book can't."
,Recommended,303210,19926399,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bones | TeamTryhard™,"This game...I cannot believe how amazing and heart wrenching it is!The story, the levels, the narration.... WOWPlease, if you can buy yourelf the game and sit down for an hour or so, do it!no jokes, 11/10~ One of the best games I have EVER played..."
,Recommended,303210,19926777,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AlienSeaRust,"I...I can't, this was the hardest game I've ever played..."
,Recommended,303210,19927206,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,tamaness,"Honestly one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had. The Beginner's guide is extremely personal, and it asks the player to reflect on themself."
,Recommended,303210,19927570,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,VentureTK,"If you enjoyed The Stantly Parable and like games that make you think rather than challenge your motor skills, give it a try. Provided you get it on sale."
,Recommended,303210,19927658,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kronos,"As an hour or so long ""walking simulator"", this game is interesting and unique, and I'm happy to have experienced it. Highly recommended!"
76561198119291333,Recommended,303210,19927766,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CODADarson,A masterpiece. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,303210,19936934,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mergon the Shade,"Get this. This isn't just a game. This is an experience. A life lesson. This is something that will be precious forever. I really really don't want to spoil anything, just... go for it. I personally am eternally grateful for The Beginner's Guide."
76561198093093418,Recommended,303210,19934449,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,tony_hitch,The last boss is hard.  You have to circle round him while throwing grenades.  Keep on his left side.
,Recommended,303210,19937237,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Goat el Pollito,A demonstration that videogames can be art
,Recommended,303210,19932686,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,jamieogle27,Life changing.
76561198000289459,Recommended,303210,19932806,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gustav,"One of the rarest game what makes me really feel and cry about while playing, I really love this game and thesekinds of game, Im feeling really sorry about coda"
76561197994462184,Recommended,303210,19932924,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ravenwoods,"It is a wonderful piece of art, an inner journey! Some fantastically conveyed struggles and navigating the maze  that we call the human mind. Most all of us will identify with the feelings explored in this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,303210,19933581,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Yak,"This is at times insightful, interesting, and engaging. It's also at times boring and uncomfortably raw emotionally. It tells a memorable story, but it isn't an enjoyable one. I think that The Beginner's Guide works exactly as the developer intended, and I'm glad that I played it, but I definitely won't be replaying it.This game has a heavy and ponderous heart. I hope that the next game can be more uplifting."
76561198025145811,Not Recommended,303210,19933892,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,timmahrt,"There are some interesting ideas in the game about thinking about game design and some philosophy about why designers may or may not make a game a certain way.  However, the content doesn't really go beyond what you see in the trailer.  I bought this because of the developer's last game The Stanley Parable.  I'm not sure how they even charged for this ""game."""
,Recommended,303210,19925464,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CptPhilosophy,"Loved it. Tackles validation, isolation and what it means to help someone in ways that split me open. I want more of this."
,Recommended,303210,19906419,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Knut Peterson,"Want a spiritual successor to The Stanely Parable, you wont need to read much further: This is not The Stanely Parable 2.The Beginner's guide is something else altogether. This is an entirely story based experience that will last one playthrough about 100 minutes without trying to really break anything in the game. The experience has made me feel joy, wonder, guilt, despair, and uneasiness. This does not have any of the humor from TSP.I do think saying any more would be a disservice to those that do end up playing, and I hope this serves as a helpful PSA to get a clearer understanding of what TBG truly is to those who are looking to purchase it."
,Recommended,303210,19920444,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,hamm101,"This is one of those games that is absolutely amazing, but I am completely unable to explain why.  At a base level, this is not really a 'game' in the same way Gone Home isn't a 'game', but there is something that reaches far deeper.  This is something that needs to be experienced."
,Recommended,303210,19920870,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Neeva,"If there is anything I appreciate this game did for me... it's that it demanded that I drop all of my prejudice and expectations at the very beginning before it began. I feel that is the only way it managed to sink me deep into its immersive embrace and affected me the way it has.Do not go into this game with expectations. Drop your baggage at the main menu. Then, let it take you places. Particularly, into the minds of us all in our darkest, deepest, most impervious corners."
,Recommended,303210,19923115,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Artonn - The pope,"I've never had a game make me go through feelings, like this one has. It's definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,19923223,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dr. Freeman,"I hope this finds you, Coda."
,Recommended,303210,19923480,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Toado,"If you're not a fan of walking sims, you probably shouldn't buy this game. That said, I can't really explain why this game is great without spoiling it, but it brought me to tears the first time I played it."
76561198099673299,Recommended,303210,19926114,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,I'M MR. MEESEEKS,"This game is a masterpiece. An incredibly sobering masterpiece. I have never played a gamed which made me feel so many different emotions, and made me reflect myself into the game. This is one of the greatest examples of story telling available in video games. You NEED to buy this game. You NEED to play this game. Especially if you are a creator or a creative individual. This game should be a mandatory life class.I am extremely grateful that this game was made."
,Recommended,303210,19926140,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,thebluelagoon,"This games gets incredibly real incredibly fast, and it is absolutely stunning. 10/10 literally cried while playing."
,Recommended,303210,19925897,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dhdoctor,This was a very good game. If you are one of those gamers that enjoys and experience out of a game every onec in a while this is the game for you. If you intend on playing it go in as spoiler free as you can you wont regret it.
,Recommended,303210,19921935,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,L U K E,A great game focused upon naritive and the connection and dissconect of people to the outside world.
,Recommended,303210,19922779,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Books McZaddy,"I'm not sure what I expected going in, but this is a very powerful experience to me."
,Not Recommended,303210,19922874,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,eighthourlunch,"The game was interesting, but very short. I ran through the whole thing in about 1.5 hours after a false start."
,Recommended,303210,19922903,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DrBanana,I DID NOT CRY.I teared up.10/10;n;
,Recommended,303210,19928843,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MilosPerHour,"Really moving game, I very much recomend it for anyone who likes a nice (or maybe not so nice) story. I will also say that I walked all they way up the stairs in... ""Stairs,"" didn't push enter until I got in the room and I wanted to look at everything."
,Recommended,303210,19928894,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Silentium soluS,"The less you know about this game, the better it is. Seriously. Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,303210,19929010,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PrenPringle,Wow
,Recommended,303210,19929923,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Toast,"I really enjoy ""walking simulator"" games like this for some reason. I also describe them as ""trippy"" and ""hipster nonsense games"", but I really like them. You have to be in the right mood to play them, but when you find that moment to play, I think there's always something meaningful you can glean from the experience. I thought this game was quite nice, and an interesting perspective into a supposedly troubled person's mind, although the ideas and frustrations expressed are something that I think are universally relatable, which is part of what makes this game so poignant and powerful. I hope, if the story told by the narrator in this game is real, that he gets back in contact with Coda and they can become friends and Coda starts making games again. I think they're really interesting. And if the story is true, then the narrator's goal was met. People played the game. I personally enjoyed it, and I believe that several others have too. I particularly liked that the first ""level"" was a Counter-Strike map because I'm really into that game. Maybe even if Coda doesn't want to tell a story anymore, he can make maps for multiplayer games. It's something I'd like to learn how to do. Maybe we can all learn from him."
76561198068056671,Recommended,303210,19930509,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Karl Marx,"This game is a real trip. It made me lose track of time and myself entirely. And by the end I was crying but I didn't know why. It also leaves you with something I don't know what but you actually take something from it. To go into any greater detail about the game would spoil it, you'll have to play it for yourself."
76561198107249512,Recommended,303210,19931557,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Phat jamano,"The game is possibly a little over priced, though in it's shortness there was no lack of brilliance. I thought this game was insightful and meaningful. It was very relateable and felt genuine."
,Recommended,303210,26951187,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FishOnHead,"This game isn't for everyone. It's by the creator of The Stanley Parable, but it's important to be aware of what you're getting into beforehand. It's not The Stanley Parable; it's much more serious, and it's meant to make you think. If it's for you, you'll know it just from the Steam page video. If you're interested in storytelling, or the nature of game design, It's worth full price; if you don't want to chance it, there's no problem waiting for a sale.It isn't very long, roughly three hours, so you're buying a story primarily. Just keep that in mind. Personally, it's great to see some serious, thought-provoking work from this creator. I've loved every minute that I've played."
76561198053572374,Recommended,303210,26945899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,27th,This isn't a game. It's more of an experience. I forgot where I was and what I was doing for a moment in time. Very entertaining.
,Recommended,303210,26946489,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jork Jumpskull,"A stellar example of what video games as an art form can do.  Great voice acting, writing and themes across the board, highly reccommended."
,Recommended,303210,26946556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alpha Centauri,"Do yourself a favor and go into this completly blind. Don't ask me why, just stop reading and do it. You can thank me later."
,Recommended,303210,23979253,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,sandsou,Trying to understand the painter's life through his/her painting exhibition.
,Recommended,303210,27012094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crunchy Potato,"This game is not just any old game. I'm not even sure if you could classify it as a game. Sure, this game has games in it, but these games to me aren't really games. They're an experience. All I can say is that you need to open your mind to this game, boot it up with a fresh mind, and play it in one sitting. After playing The Beginner's Guide, you'll have a lot to think about."
76561197970656684,Recommended,303210,18320524,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Voortx,"wowEyes are opened.  I dont think Im mature enough to really grasp what I have experienced over the last couple of hours.  Thought I might regret the purchase because I went on someones recommendation to not watch the trailer or anything, just play!No regrets.Just play."
,Recommended,303210,26974807,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fianchi,Just finished the game. Still not sure what it was about. I think I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,303210,27010796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jojop0tato,"Beautiful, surreal and entirely unexpected. This game has stayed with me for a long time after playing.If you are going to play it, don't read the reviews. Go in blind and take it for what it is."
,Recommended,303210,27008710,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,masterkawas,"This game might not be for everyone, but if you are one of those people that often wonders about the minds of the creators of your favorite games, this will leave you pondering some deep questions. The game is earnest and direct and pushes questions that go directly into our day to day lives and how we understand our relationships. This is one of the few games where the veil seems thin and you can actually see some emotions that devs may in fact feel (that, and some extra surprises). It also presents some brilliant mechanics as metaphors."
,Recommended,303210,18689411,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,moldcat,"10/10 WOULD WEEP UNCONTROLLABLY AGAIN.Edit: Nominating this for for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Steam Award"
,Recommended,303210,26821519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCell555,Dem feels
76561198044322129,Recommended,303210,26858635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,john0406,This is good.
76561198045391389,Recommended,303210,26744696,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Stacker39,"this is an experience best engaged in one sitting. it is very heartfelt. you know why your here, just download the game already."
76561198138788462,Recommended,303210,26745651,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ElNahue,This is an incredible game that guides you inside the twisted mind of a great programmer. The Davey Wreden's mentor.
,Recommended,303210,26979402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KahnTraversi,Open your mind and give it a shot.Just do it.You won't be sorry.
,Recommended,303210,20367900,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Smitty Bacall,"A powerful game with an equally powerful story and message. It can feel a bit awkaward at times, but this game is truly worth the investment and time.Sometimes, it's better to listen than to play."
,Recommended,303210,26473114,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,tepmy,"This was a weird experiance. But it really makes you think. If I could, I'd reset myself and play it again.Spoiler (?):I'm really not sure if I should now feel guilty as well. It feels like I'm the one that was betrayed and the one because of whom all of this happend. I'm confused, but also amazed."
,Recommended,303210,26770690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Evil Sandwich,10/10
76561198104599109,Recommended,303210,26756452,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Fletcher St-Germain,Good game
,Recommended,303210,26747825,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,-diesel,Wow.
,Recommended,303210,27002587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ConnerDavis,"SPOILER WARNINGI'll try to avoid spoiling this game to the best of my ability, but I feel it's impossible to really discuss it without any spoilers.This is not a game to be taken lightly, it's not a game built for fun. I'm not even sure that game is the right term for this, as it's not meant as entertainment. I get the feeling that, regardless of the narrative presented's truthfulness, this is very personal to the creator.I've seen this game get a decent amount of criticism of just being a ""walking simulator,"" and people say that if you just want to tell a story regardless of the player's choices, you should just make a movie or a book. I can't agree with this. While yes, there's not really any interactivity beyond walking to speak of, and you definitely shouldn't play this if that turns you off of it, but the story wouldn't work in any non-interactive medium. At the end of this... interactive experience... a thing happens, and that thing wouldn't have anywhere near the same amount of impact had you simply been passively watching instead of actively participating.As for whether I recommend this game, that depends entirely on your position on if a game can be held up on its story alone. There's no gameplay to speak of in this, but the story is an excellent exploration of an idea, and if that appeals to you, then go for it. However, if you feel that games have to have gameplay, then give this a pass."
76561197960457799,Recommended,303210,27084582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vidiot,Don't google it.  Don't read about it.  Stop reading this review.  Go experience it.
,Recommended,303210,27857044,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tehda!,"It's... interesting. I'm not sure if I should recommend it or not. The story - well, if you like deep stories, this woll be a game for you, but I finished the game so fast. It took me an hour, and there is really no fun in replaying. It seemed incredibly short, but an interesting story nonetheless. If you really enjoy stories, have at it, but I ended up getting a refund for the lack of content.Eh, why not, I'll recommend it anyways, it was enjoyable until the narratorstarted to seem like an absolute jerk. ""Hey guy, don't do this"", ""Don't worry, I won't"" *does it*"
,Recommended,303210,27600808,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Novatose,"The Beginners guide is an excellent story. Play it in one sitting, and then prepare for the feels"
,Recommended,303210,27588388,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,toddanaconda,Brings out the feels and has you question life10/10 would ponder again.
,Recommended,303210,18299686,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,orange,"The Beginner's Guide is not really a game. It's a story where you explore different, small environments that directly aid in the telling of the story. None of the few choices you're allowed matter, but they also aid in giving you more understanding of the story.The narration is both written and spoken in a very natural manner, and it feels as though a (maybe not so close) friend is telling you about their favorite thing in the world. While the narration is definitely fictitious, it honestly seems like it could be a real series of events you're being told about. Davey wrote aspects of himself into both characters of the tale, so The Beginner's Guide is probably a bit more personal than you'd think.I don't think it's really worth the 8-10$ pricetag, BUT not everyone needs to buy it to experience it, anyways"
,Recommended,303210,27388081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CH4N2O,It's pretty much a game that's about a game that's not about a game.
,Recommended,303210,27598208,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Denim,"I have a real weak spot for games that elicit 'the feels' and this is a sterling example. Ignore the bad reviews from those who were expecting another Stanley Parable. That's not what this is, nor is it trying to be.If you're even vaguely interested in philosophy, video games as art or the nature of the relationship between creators and consumers, I highly recommend this. It's a brief experience, but a deeply moving one. In a world full of annual franchise releases and indie games all trying to be the next big thing this felt original, sincere and beautiful.In truth I'd be lying if I said I completely understood what I just experienced, but I'm still thinking about it and probably will be for a while to come."
,Recommended,303210,27685086,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JL,"If you have some free time just play this gameI haven't played this game in a while and I'm just browsing through my library for games to review and I chose to review this game because even after so many months of just having played this game once, the story still sticks. It's a life experience, honestly."
,Recommended,303210,20260933,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Corporal Capy,"This game is difficult to review. Its not the silly game The Stanely Parable was, but if your OK with that, Its quite a good game."
,Recommended,303210,27677728,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tangiers,"This game is an engaging intersection between and artists' works and the artist themselves. All I can say without spoiling it, but it is definitely worth your time. You will remember it."
,Recommended,303210,27614865,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reki #Ryzen,"Its a game having you exploring not just how to make games, but how a person goes about making them. Showing people that it isn't easy making videogames, and the hardships and pitfalls that goes into making them."
,Recommended,303210,27626555,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,henrikhimself,I liked this game. It didn't look appealing on its steam store page but it surprised me with a good story. And it's a short casual exploration game that don't require skill grinding.
,Recommended,303210,26564111,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,hothgremlin,"Not as good as Stanley Parabel but a bit more emotional. In terms of ""visualising the trade"", it is en par with ""Deathproof"" (the movie).Nominated for the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" - Award."
,Recommended,303210,27646282,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Raktanian,It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
76561198160570311,Recommended,303210,27646348,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,epicbapplizer,This is one of those games that you have to take a walk after playing. It manages to tell a story in bizarre but captivating way. Some would say it's too expensive for what it is; I can see where they're coming from but I think my £7 was well spent.
,Recommended,303210,27623938,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dani485b,Normally I don't cry but something got into my eyes this time.. I think...
,Recommended,303210,27843000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,c.a.m.o,Brilliant. Another masterpiece of philosophy.I enjoyed the soundtrack very much.
76561197965813702,Recommended,303210,18362017,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Drexel,So tightly made that any discription is a potential spoiler.  So riskily made that your jaw will either hit the floor in empathy or clench up in anger - and either emotion is perfectly valid.  Indescribably unique.  Whether you love or hate The Beginner's Gude - you won't have ever expereince anything like it.A very personal game about the expectations of others.Review (ish) here:http://theboilingpot.net/the-beginners-guide/
,Recommended,303210,18284369,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SkinnyFamilyGuy,10/10 made me cry
,Recommended,303210,27893859,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Taylor Swift,Lol I'm just doing this for the award but this is a great game XD
76561197971040246,Recommended,303210,27803375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,n00blet,"This is a hard one to describe, so I won't. All I will say is that I really enjoyed it and for those of you that would enjoy a ""game"" like Gone Home with a more direct personal touch, pick it up.Price wise: $5 seems far more suitable than $10 for *your* experience, but how much would you *sell* your soul for?Damn, Want to play Gone Home again now..."
,Recommended,303210,18401619,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Wtfreaper,Wow. Just Wow. Nothing more. Don't forget to look behind you.
76561198007975724,Recommended,303210,28000757,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gal2,"If you're interested in the creative process of developping a videogame, and want to play a very personal work of Art, play this."
,Recommended,303210,28012131,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,supa mee,"Not really a ""game"", but play it. Oh the feels."
,Recommended,303210,20018405,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,iChairs,Don't look up anything about the game.Go experience it for yourself.
,Recommended,303210,28147977,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Barry Scott,"This is a fantastic game, it's well worth the money. I don't want to spoil anything in writing this, but going in blind will give you a far better experience. If you're dubious, pick it up on sale.Nominated for the 'Villain in most need of a hug' award category. If any game is worth awarding, it's this one.In short, It's an incredible game that's well worth the money."
,Recommended,303210,28147448,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,tirpen,"This game punched me in the gut hard. Straight to the emotions.It starts out weird and a little goofy but ends up... otherwise.If you don't mind ""walking simulators"", ie games that are almost entierly about experiencing a story, with little to no traditional gameplay, this game is extremely recommended.It takes about 1.5 hours or so to complete, so maybe wait for a sale if you are on the fence.But woah. I'll probably be thinking about this game for a long time."
,Recommended,303210,28023541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eris,"""WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!""That fits this to a tee, but it's kinda hard to talk about this game without spoiling it. It IS a walking simulator, but it doesn't overstay its welcome. I think it's one of the few games that actually uses the whole 'walking simulator' thing to its benefit. The story is not for everyone, but if you're like me, it'll keep your head busy for days. That's all I can say, however.TL;DR, it's not for everyone, but it's something worth trying out. It can be beaten in less than two hours, so... yeah."
,Recommended,303210,28022751,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KPak,"if you have 1-2 hrs to kill and enjoy a well told story, here you go!"
76561198041467137,Recommended,303210,28022609,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RedChrosom,"It is more an experience than a game, but I loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,303210,28019376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hank,gut game
76561198142188090,Recommended,303210,28019392,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SoSaremsky,"This game isn't for everybody, as it could possibly be considered slow paced, or people could get bored due to a lack of ""action,"" however for people who do enjoy story driven, more emotional games, this is the first thing I'll recommend to them.The game, I believe, offers insight to humanity, which isn't something you often get from a videogame. As you wander around this person's games, you delve deeper and deeper into their mind, and playing through the game I felt as if the trailer undersold it. The level of depth I felt that it went into was well beyond what I had expected, which was a nice suprise, and definitely something I felt a lot of games were lacking.After I had finished playing it, I had sat for a while, thinking about the message the game had left me with. I still think about it fairly frequently, and I would even go so far as to say that the game forced me to look at people differently, and to reconsider everything I assumed was going on inside their minds. If you're someone who's a fan of non-traditional games and have a few hours to spare, I would definitely suggest giving The Beginner's Guide a try."
76561198050674926,Recommended,303210,28019873,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kermit,Came in expecting a nice jaunty adventure. If id known what i was in for i wouldnt have ever touched it. If this isnt art then the mona lisa belongs in a trash can.
76561198088769888,Recommended,303210,27993642,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Funke,I didn't expect the game to be like this. It was fantastic
,Recommended,303210,28054205,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[BCRP] Licky [CM],10/10 would get heartbroken again
76561198298226907,Recommended,303210,24394777,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BarneyFromBlackMesa,'Awe inspiring interactive art whilst questioning life and crying' simulator 2015
,Recommended,303210,24389818,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RadioactiveManatee :D,"10/10This story is just something else, its very interesting and tells a story abouta man named Davey and what seems to be an inner conflict with him self. It seems to be as if Coda is the conflict that is given a name and made more like a person.This is not a game that is related to the stanley parable"
76561198042445918,Recommended,303210,24755967,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BloodlightX,"I've been thinking about what 'Art' is. I've heard a phrase something along the lines of ""art is something that was built to have no purpose or for a purpose but fails to fulfill its purpose however it evokes emotion.""The Beginner's Guide IS art.It isn't a game but a journey through painful emotions of self imposed loss. Which unfortunately a lot of people can relate too. It explores those painful emotions and it is a story of how we fail to cope with them.It isn't a game. It is art. Get it. Just do yourself a favor and don't miss out on a game that tries to prove that games are art."
76561197970879397,Recommended,303210,24739380,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Greven,A very different experience from most games. Not sure if it really is a game - it IS an experience and food for thought. Try it!
,Recommended,303210,25223941,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Canns,Well Written. Beautiful. Cried.
,Recommended,303210,25201281,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Danin Fuchs,"It's not a game. It's an experience, and it can be an emotional one if you let it. Stop reading these reviews, and decide. Do you want to spend a few hours on an experience, are you willing to let yourself care, or would you rather just move on to a game?I will say it'll be best experienced going in naive and open, with no foreknwoledge of what's to come. In the spirit of that, stop reading.On a more personal note, it's a story I relate to. As things progress, I started to resent some of the things done by the narrator, without really understanding why. The ""Press Enter"" moments - I didn't, on a few of them, because I disagreed with the idea, fundamentally. ""Stop doing that,"" I found myself thinking. It made me uncomfortable. I think I knew why.The dialog choices were difficult, because I let myself care about them. I knew they likely didn't matter, but it's not a game, it's an experience, so I cared. In retrospect, the things I selected seemed to say more about me than the game. Upon realizing that, I went with it, and that just drew me in further. I was expecting it all to be some grand test, some shockingly clever personality quiz, and the thought excited me. Ironic how close and how far we can be..Will I play it again? Probably not. It was difficult to live through, in a way, and in another way, I'm pretty sure I got all I could out of playing it. Maybe just once more, to really pay attention, to see what I missed. To perhaps find answers to the unanswered..Will I watch someone else play? Absolutely. Probably anyone who will let me watch.Is the price worth it? I generally set a $1/hr rate on a game, to decide its merit in a recommendation. This came closer to $5/hr for my playthrough, and I spent a lot of time looking around. As someone who enjoys experiences, and the 'deep dive' into the psyche, here's how I look at it now. If I was offered a full or partial refund, I'd decline. It was an experience I want to have paid for."
76561198041442889,Recommended,303210,24785524,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,culinarykid92,"I am NOT a fan of walking sims. However, this game was a shocker. Just play the game. My only question without spoiling the story is, Does Davey have the right to release someone else's work for profit?"
,Recommended,303210,25085895,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Duckasarus,"This isnt a game. this is a bookThe beginner's Guide is more of a story being told to you and you're listening, but it is a damn good story"
,Recommended,303210,25035085,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Literal Trash,A story of a man who didn't fit in
,Recommended,303210,25019703,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Romi,I'm really sorry.
76561198054447419,Recommended,303210,25030479,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hypercookies,"An absolute masterpiece, the less you know before you start the better.Just have a go at it."
,Recommended,303210,25062147,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bonk Donkulous,"No gameplay, per se, but the plot really makes you think [huh?]Memes aside, it's a really good game and I love the story. I want badly to believe that it's true, but at the same time, I don't. This is a beautiful game, and truly, I hope it found the person it was made for."
,Recommended,303210,25062773,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Khelorm,"Do I only have 1.6 hours of gameplay on this game?  You'd be correct.  In fact, I commend you on your sleuthing skills for reading my play time.It does not affect the fact that this game, as a developer, has such a sharp knife edge that it cuts so deep that you do not want to go back to it for a while.  It is real, it hurts, and the message it has should have an influence on you should you consider yourself artistic or creative.It is worth the buy.  And remember, mull this game's meaning over as you experience it, and allow it to give you a understanding of development and art that you might not have considered."
,Recommended,303210,18804318,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ven,its alright
76561198049378043,Recommended,303210,24798884,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,manyfat,I wanted to live in that ending forever.
,Recommended,303210,24890305,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ludi,This is an art. Literally.
76561198262370811,Recommended,303210,24843315,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Aregon,It was the most interactive and one of the weirdest games I have played. And the atmosphere makes you immerse in the game. A most spectacular game!
,Recommended,303210,24904005,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Vanillaminte,"A truly stunning game. I've played The Beginner's Guide two or three times at this point and i feel like I truly connect with the story and the true desperation of the narrator. There's a longing to help what cannot be helped. Anytime I need a good story to pull my heartstrings, I always come back to this game. Ive heard plenty of people buy then return this game once finished, but to the shortness of the game, but its a game I cherish in my library. I almost wish there was more to the story, because I hate to see it end like this."
,Recommended,303210,24903422,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Shjya,"Incredibly poignant and moving.  A bit of a paradigm shift at the end and much is left to intepretation.  There was one inparticular moment that was like a gut punch to me.  I just stood, staring at teh screen- it was emotional to say the least.   Thank you.  (Of course I have my theories of some of the uses of symbolism and numbers... but no spoilers.)"
,Recommended,303210,24894134,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[Lbt]BanHammor,♥♥♥♥ing incredible. I sobbed after i finished it.
,Recommended,303210,24898266,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Steviemon,"Very linear experience, so not much replay value, but what is here is definitely an interesting thing of a game. Hard to describe what I found good about it. It's strangely captivating."
76561198143679360,Recommended,303210,24866136,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Caitycat66,"This was beautiful, but oddly horrifying."
76561198096202864,Recommended,303210,24871969,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,komododragonhhh,WHELP. THAT WAS GLOOMY.
,Recommended,303210,30843788,Posted: 30 March,all,ŨMƁƗŖĬǝĿ,This game is just ... wow I did a one sit of it and I was just so impressed by every moment of it so many emotions and messages no bugs at all runs smoothly and the game itself the narrative is just fantastic.
,Recommended,303210,24980841,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr. Blonde,"After completing this game you're feeling kinda like after watching a great movie. A movie that leaves you speechless and emotional and you're not even sure what happened there. Did it work just because of a good film (game) making and a great soundtrack or was there really some deep issues that connected with you. Either way, it makes you feel great and you're glad you spent the money and time.If you don't feel like watching a movie tonight, buy and play this game."
,Recommended,303210,24993145,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Izzy Paradox,"I wasn't ready for this. This is not a game. This is a piece of art, an experience like no other, an idea, maybe a series of ideas, conveyed in such a way impossible otherwise. This is absolutely worth it. It will mess with your head a little bit though, careful with that."
,Recommended,303210,19152541,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dyslexics Untie,"TL:DRHonestly, you will either love this game, or hate it. I think risking the small price to pay to be moved is worth it, it certainly was for me.I do not write many reviews, but this game has moved me so much. I have been struggling with depression for the last 2 months, and found little reason to get up in the morning, as well as a lack of emotions other than sadness. This game may have a different effect on someone depending on the state in life the person is, but for me, it is exactly what I needed to get me thinking about what makes me, me. This game has helped me pull myself out of my depression.Thank you ""Coda"""
76561198048276979,Recommended,303210,20159809,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Moose123,Made me cry and sick to my stomach. 10/10 beautiful piece of art.
76561198076435867,Recommended,303210,20159918,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[AC] bluespy75,"I'm asking anybody who wants to buy this to forget the stanley parable, this is not that. However, this is a very well Crafted (I changed the wording as not to spoil) narrative driven game which I would recommend to anyone who can to this in one sitting. Just buy it, you won't regret it. 10/10"
76561197976190276,Recommended,303210,20164973,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ironphan,This game destroyed me.
76561197970534041,Not Recommended,303210,20165444,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aether,"i have been avoiding playing this game for several months now. it was so incredibly hyped by several critics i respect, and i wanted to give it the respect i felt it deserved. i finally felt like i was in a good position to experience it as it was delivered, so i finally ran through it tonight.i won't say i'm disapointed, because the message was well crafted and focused; it clearly accomplished exactly what it was intending and i can understand why a certain type of person would be very affected by it.but i am not that type of person: i could identify more with the ""victim"" of the narative, and the narator struck me as intrusive, immoral, and disrepectful. because i couldn't get into the headspace of the narator, the emotional kneecapper hook washed over me with barely a ""ya, i saw that one coming. where's the rest of the story?""now i am hovering over the recommendation, uncertain if i should give it a good rating for the expert focus and well crafted penetrator, or if i should give it a negative rating because it so completely failed to connect."
76561198040631927,Not Recommended,303210,20105670,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,onbin,"I'm not sure whether or not the narrative is based on reality, but I don't think it would really change how it left me feeling... True? Then yes, Davey used a friend's creation for his own gain. If true, then yes, him creating this game is just another gross thing he did for his own benefit. I don't really think him stating this and being very blunt about his personal struggles over it makes it any better. And then, if the whole game is fictional, it just feels very insular and self-congratulatory. It's kind of hard to explain. It's self-congratulatory in that, he created a fictional story in which he made himself very vulnerable; the climax [I use climax because it's obvious early on that the story is not about Coda] was that he admitted he only cares about praise, but then revealing that was an attempt at receiving praise for being 'honest'. And I could feel the direction the self-reflective narrative was going in very early on, so the dramatic reveal of his inner turmoil didn't do much for me. Maybe people like it a lot because of how meta it seems. I suppose it could be thought-provoking for people who aren't as introspective as the narrator.Somehow, it feels quite personal, while still remaining shallow. To me, it doesn't matter which character I'm supposed to feel more sympathetic with, I don't really care for either of them... Do they both hold some truth for the creator? It's hard to recommend this game when the driving force behind the entire experience feels unnatural."
76561197995051730,Recommended,303210,20108172,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sodar,"Man, f*ck this game."
,Recommended,303210,20108893,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Boss Sauce,This game is1. Perfect2. Simple3. EasyPlay the game and you'll understand
76561198085907764,Recommended,303210,20101929,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ambrose Burnside,"Twas deep, helped me though some♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,303210,20102413,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sass-quatch,This game is so much more than I thought it was going to be.
,Recommended,303210,20102704,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,{GCN} Gen. George Washington,"This game is given a lot more credit than it actually demands. I can't say much about this experience as to not spoil anything, but then ending is quite potent. I don't think I ever thought about crying like some of the other reviewers did, but I was left with an impactful realization.Good for a walking simulator.  Buy it on sale.7/10"
76561198124636391,Recommended,303210,20196514,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nonchellent,"I don't, uh... I don't normally write reviews for games, and I can't forsee myself doing it again in the future. In fact, I'm not even sure what I'm going to write for this very review. Whatever I type will pale in comparison to my feelings after having finished this game. I don't want to make a pro and con list, either. Too black and white for this...This is what I'll say. This game is a vast array of colors. Nothing is simply black or simply white. It's grey, which doesn't necessarily mean dismal. It means a combination. It's everything and nothing.Go into this game blindly is all I have to say. Let it sway you. Float and sink as you're playing it.I can't recommend this game enough. It's... Play it."
,Recommended,303210,20196546,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AgentJakeFBI,"If you are interested in a story and a story that is told beautifully and emotionally, you will feel as this purchase is money well spent as I have."
,Recommended,303210,20192103,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,la cucaracha,10/10
76561198142817028,Recommended,303210,20192597,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Octodon,Buy this game.Play this game.This game stirred me deeply...
,Recommended,303210,18439874,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kexul,"Something you need to go into wih an open mind.  Really, a touching experience."
,Recommended,303210,18439960,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,pigyu,I literally finished playing this game a minute ago and I am absolutely mindblown.I can't even spoil it for you because I don't know where I would start.Just know that playing this game is going to make your chest feel heavy.
76561198063828924,Recommended,303210,18426407,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Cave Johnson,Wow....
76561198052593402,Recommended,303210,18431806,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Great Charade,I won the game without having to do literally anything50/10More seriously there are no mechanics.... just like it said... only a meditative journey into the minds of two video game artists wherein you learn more about how people relate to each other and how you relate to yourself. A great buy.
76561198044248063,Recommended,303210,18431809,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,"hey codahere's an ideaif you don't want your ""games"" to spread among people don't show them to anyone."
,Recommended,303210,18431876,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Simple Sample,Lovely game!I still think about the game from time to time after finishing it.I think the game lengh is ok. It could not have been longer and it was worth the time. The game is really cheap too.Stop reading the reviews and just buy it!
,Recommended,303210,18430601,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Bramztv,"This game was intriguing and captivating.  Amazing vocal timing, played straight through.  Something different, and couldn't tell if the overall story was true or made up.  Loved it though!  I wont get into crazy details just know if you want somethign different, and more story rich then real explore and adventure.  Try this game out!"
76561198124166607,Recommended,303210,18431058,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,awildpolarbear,WOW just wow  this game is amazing       it makes you think and wonder about things that you cannot explain
,Recommended,303210,18431129,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,bonzoWhale,"A short experience without much interaction but full of powerful moments that will strike a few chords, especially with creative types. Brilliant and insightful, and not for the same reasons that The Stanley Parable was."
,Recommended,303210,18448037,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MAGE?,"Buy It, If I said anything more I would spoil it. Also, don't watch any videos on it, that would ruin it too."
,Recommended,303210,18448042,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheMooDude,"This is an amazing portrayal of depression and anxiety. It's not a game but is instead an interactive story. It's deep, intimate, and will make you feel uncomfortable in an amazing way. This experience is insightful and I'm honestly pleased I played through it."
,Recommended,303210,18448366,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheDarkElementz,Awesome game. Fantastic and very quirky narration throughtout the entire story. Really well designed maps and the soundtrack is just awesome. Pro's:- Very fun and once again quirky- Beautiful map design and scerarios- Great soundtrack and sound fx- Good immersive feel and connection to the plot- Cleverly written (can tell this is from the minds of Stanley P)Con's- Found it a little short9.5/10
,Recommended,303210,18653650,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Home Brand Cereal,i played it in 79 minutes 1 session... i cried
76561197991162424,Recommended,303210,18653128,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Luktropius,"Now, this game is basically an interactive movie. This is the coolest interactive movie ever! Oh and for the people who finished the game...FEELS!"
76561198041673861,Recommended,303210,18628576,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,meowmate,"just buy it, play it, stop, then think."
76561198055059679,Recommended,303210,18647260,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,NarratorLP,Just buy and play it.
,Recommended,303210,18678063,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,General Cummins,Life Changing Experience!
,Recommended,303210,20214997,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mellzy,"An amazing experience that changed my perspective on video games. I'm currently studying game design, which made everything I experienced feel relevant. The story is unique and powerful. I completed this title in one session, I highly recommend you do the same.9/10"
,Recommended,303210,20215427,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MEGATALICNA47,"I cannot describe the emotions this game put me through. I absolutly adore this game and applaude the developer for putting this out there. Sure, it's a walking simulator, but it tells an amazing story, better than any TV show or movie could hope to do. I was not expecting something so emotional and pure from the developer of The Stanly Parable, it took me by suprise and had my full attention every step of the way. Definatly pick this game up if you enjoy a good story and are prepared for an emotional roller coaster."
76561198059895398,Recommended,303210,24246669,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Storm,Just play the game.
76561198080420681,Recommended,303210,24359327,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,V7ncenzo,"I finished 'The Beginner's Guide'. About half-way through, I was sure I was going to make my first vlog review about it.When I got to the end, I knew doing that would be wrong.You can't commend or criticize this... I hate to call it a 'game' because I don't quite think that's the right title. I actually feel guilty experiencing this 'story', and feel incredibly privaleged experiencing it at the same time. It's such a mix of emotions. At some points, I took something from a part of the experience. Now I feel sick for doing that, as if I've exploited it.I recommend this product only because if you want an experience, this will give you one. If you want to 'play' this, then just keep in mind why you want to do that throughout the experience."
,Recommended,303210,24350597,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Adam Werton,"The way it's meant to be, a beginner's guide."
76561198145475380,Recommended,303210,24392394,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,kill_roy99,time to cry...
76561198052848448,Recommended,303210,24146291,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,qwertyww,I still can't tell if Coda is real.11/10 would shout at computer again
,Recommended,303210,24172964,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kayweather,"I find myself unable to actually ""review"" something like this. It's so personal and raw and honest (even if the particulars of this story are fiction, it quite obviously expresses some VERY real emotions from the creator).Even if I talk about how this affected me (and it did, more than I even could articulate here) I feel like that would in many ways miss the point of this project.Just. Play it. Go into it without a lot of expectations (and certainly don't expect a typical game that you can ""beat,"" because it isn't one) and listen to what the writer tells you. It's an important story and deserves your time."
,Recommended,303210,24171768,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Kidd,"The Beginner's Guide is a game that is truly better without synopsis. Put simply, this is one of the most incredible gaming experiences I've ever had. If you've not yet played it, I urge you to do so."
,Recommended,303210,24171868,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"Goro ""Delicious Pancakes"" Akechi",A very emotional journey of introspection and valiation.
,Recommended,303210,24171293,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,freestylesno,"Great game but its more of a move then a game.  You need to go in playing it that way.  It was a bit perdictive, yet still left you curious and interested."
76561198095711218,Recommended,303210,24174960,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DonCthulhu,"wow... just, wow... At least for me it made me feel deppresed AF... I feel sad for someone I don't even know... If you like walk games, this one has a great story"
76561198080700709,Recommended,303210,24219527,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jmunga,meanfull
76561197999381031,Recommended,303210,18382098,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Redmind200,"This is not a game, it's more like an experience. Telling you about the story would only diminish the experience. Just play itand let yourself be swept away. Simple marvelous"
,Recommended,303210,24143427,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,π,"I was going to be really cynical and buy the game, play it and refund it as I knew that it played for less than 2 hours but honestly. I am keeping the game.It hit me hard on so many levels; Happy, sad, worried, surprised, empathetic.Most of this 'game' is spent being interpreted by you - the individual - with little nudges from the narrator as to where to look and what conclusion could be drawn from what you observe. However...I won't explain why this game hitsmehard because most people wont understand as it will have different effects on different people, but what I will say is...Just play it, for your own sake, it will put the way you think into perspective."
,Recommended,303210,24155953,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Atmey,"While I don't consider this to be a game, more like a narrative/interactive media, I found it a somewhat sad experience, the feeling of the developer is monetizing out of this makes the yells for price reduction is valid."
,Recommended,303210,24047560,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sgt Nameless 69,"PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU BUY! (spoilers)It's a touching game that is made the way you decide to make it. It's short, but it has a meaningful story to it.. But that's it..A part of me regrets spending 5 dollars for it, because i enjoyed stanley's parable, and the game had very little actual gameplay (story) ended in under an hour, but it was the story that also makes it feel worth while. How you decided to see the story is what matters. I personally feel like I got to see inside the mind of a person who is struggling with doubt, fear, anxiety, depression. You get to see what it means when a person with these issues responds with ""You don't know how it feels"" or ""you don't know how i'm feeling"". It feels like this... it's easy to fake it, easier to make people believe it, what's hard is solving it...Don't buy this game if you are looking for hours of content, puzzles, actions ect. Do buy if you want a motevational understanding of parts of life we all eventually experience, and for some IS their life at times."
,Recommended,303210,24088514,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vivvsy,"This game is very deep and without spoiling it, will lead you through a journey with an interesting discovery at the end. If you're looking for more than a point and click game, you might look somewhere else but if you like a good story and a little bit of interactive fun then this is right up your alley! Seriously though this game is a great play through. Makes you think."
76561197993790681,Not Recommended,303210,18862995,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DUKE NUKEM,"the begining was interesting but it got pretty whiney pretty fast and the dialogue options were a chore, in the end this koda guy was nothing but an overly frail ""artist"" who cant accept that people are inevitably going to share your work"
76561198058313898,Not Recommended,303210,18849639,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,YouTastePurple,"This did not have the same touch of genius that The Stanley Parable had and more or less it was simply depressing for the sake of being depressing, all while being somewhat hard to make yourself push through.  The Stanley Parable had me excited to find out what was going to happen or be said next.  This game left me wondering if anything was actually going to happen that never really did happen.It's really just a story about a guy who defflected his problems by pushing them onto someone else.  And the ending offers nothing but hypocrisy by the narrator and a repeat of past wrong doings."
,Recommended,303210,18850003,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BagelsYum,"This game is insanely deep. Without spoiling anything, the end is a HUGE TWIST. Very emotionally and philosohically invigorating, the twists, turns and oddities of this game never seem to end, along with the barrage of hard questions not asked often enough in today's society. While a bit short, I would rate this game 10/10 and say it is definetely worth the $9.99."
,Recommended,303210,18854085,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,samdy1,"Having just completed this game, I'm stunned by the emotions I am experiencing, If you are in the right frame of mind, the emotional journey upon which this game will take you is certainly a powerful one.The game is, in essence, a collection of games that follow the journey of a developer named ""Coda"". That is, they are his games. However, the games are more thought-provoking than they are exciting, as you gain an insight into the inner workings of someone's mind, something that no one ever expresses, because it would always hurt too much. Therefore, you, the player, are allowed to explore these games with the comments of the narrator, who creates a link, allowing you to relate to the games. As this happens, you feel your life fall into place. So many experiences that you can feel are things that only you have experienced are suddenly shown to you in the form of a game. And it's breathtaking.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18851595,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,AfroDZac,"Amazing, plain and simple"
,Recommended,303210,18851854,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,..::Indica::..,"If you're a fan of The Stanley Parable then you'll like The Beginners Guide, quite a hard game to talk about without ruining the magic. Just play it."
,Not Recommended,303210,18803546,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Maya 2016,"If you make creative things, you will like this game. Until around halfway through. Many interesting ideas here, but towards the second half of the game the fiction falls apart. The cleverness that was such a strong draw and so interesting in the beginning falls completely flat. Its hard to talk about anything actually in the game because it would spoil the experience, but in my opinion its not an experience that is well crafted enough to be worth 10 dollars."
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,303210,18791867,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Indrigis,"At first I felt like it's an experiment in leveraging word of mouth to sell an abstract meaningless creation by telling people it's deep and meaningful and watching them repeat that nonsense just so that they themselves do not seem shallow.But in the end it's not just that. It's an exercise in solving problems you do not have for the narrator you do not care about by making forced choices that do not matter whenever told to fo so by the narrator. There's no gameplay, no meaningful win condition and, in the end, no aesop to be made.The creator should have taken some effort to make the player care about the narrator or the narrator's obsession or, at least, to explain why the ""games"" make any sense from a sane person's point of view and, thus, should be played by the actual customer.P.S.: Now that I think of it, the game takes less than 2 hours to complete and, technically, can be refunded upon completion. Not refunding it would be an act of paying up for your own mistake of buying it on faith."
76561198064962699,Recommended,303210,18802455,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ReMover,No words.... you're just gonna have to play it yourself.
76561198131966905,Recommended,303210,18802504,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,JESUS IS COOL.,"One of the very few games that have consideration for the artist and the audience, a truly powerful story.Nothing more to add.-M"
,Recommended,303210,18840295,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,н๏є | abc,Wow. This game is art.
,Recommended,303210,18840486,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bannakaffalatta,Suck a fantastic game! 10/10
76561197990538865,Recommended,303210,18836826,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,hatterwar,such a great game. I'm thankful Davey Wreden was ballsy enough to create such reflective game experience. Please play this!
,Recommended,303210,18782311,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,▲SwayzeTrain▲,"After playing this game again..... I do not think Coda exsits... Dave made him up... there is no proof of him even exsting.... goodish game but mehAfter spending a decent time just thinking about what Coda was thinking....I feel strangely sad for you and him....I first off think that the money should go to Coda (as it's basically his game) and selling it will annoy coda more...But i feel that what you watch here is a breakdown in friendship.And you can play the real life friendships deterioration...I also feel that he was showing you what he wanted to, sort of playing a game with you through his game10/10 little pricey though for the length of game"
,Recommended,303210,18822144,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gulopey,A must buy.
76561198082814517,Recommended,303210,18822800,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,King of the Bongo,"Really interesting game. As someone who is not familiar with this genre it took a bit to get used to, but without realising you finish the game in one go and then think to yourself: ""wow, wtf just happenend?""For me the game is a little bit on the expensive side for how much game time you get. I would suggest buying it on a steam sale."
,Recommended,303210,18823506,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,slackergod,I played this game while drinking Scotch.Please do not play this game while drinking Scotch.10.1/10
76561198022275589,Recommended,303210,18788159,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,4iiiize,"Well... All I can say about this game is that yes it does in my opinion, which is a phylosophical and intellectual one, give the player an outstanding beginners guide as it were to life and the power of truth and acceptance of ones self as being exact and definite in purpose. As usual this isn't so much a game as a fourth wall breaking narrative which delves into the ramifications of ones own beliefs and perspectives and that the very way in which we perceive is just a construct created by our own minds which in order to break free from we can do nothing but be wholy and completely open and accepting of all there is and every perspective therein."
,Recommended,303210,18798312,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,JNY,"Where to even start.. This game started a series of events that basically changed the way I game. I had never played any game quite like this one before. When I found it, I was bored and looking for something different to do. I found exactly that. This game not only led me to ponder deep inner questions, but also to question the way I had always thought about gaming. I've always been a fan of big company games, but The Beginner's Guide opened my eyes to see that there are more to games than graphics and hype.TLDR; If you want a game that makes you think, feel and explore yourself (not THAT way) buy this game. It's short, but it sticks with you for a long time. Creeps up on you kinda.4,5/5 left me uneasy and added new perspective to life"
76561197961781173,Recommended,303210,24451890,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Endeavor,"The author's description of Beginner's Guide tells you only a small bit of what to expect.  This isn't a game as much as it is an experience, a feeling, or an idea.  The mechanics are very simple but the scenery and story behind it is very powerful and impactful.  As you play the Beginner's Guide,it will make you feel exactly as the author intended.  Excitment, frustration, sadness, betrayal, confusion, regret, awe, happiness, and other emotions that can't be describe are what you will encounter during this adverture.  In my opinion, I thought this experience was worth the price.  For others looking for just a game, not so much.  But either way, I recommend it."
,Recommended,303210,24476604,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Adum,"Good game. Makes you think, if that's your thing."
76561198168108550,Recommended,303210,24368438,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[ROG] Blind Domino,"I'm so gald I found this game. In retrospect, it's more of a philosopihcal experience which I find fascinating. It hits really close to home... for me at least. I wouldn't classify myself as a creative person, but this game resonated with me in many ways emotionally. Davey's rambles made me realize that, it is through the eyes of others that most of us feel our lives have any significance."
,Recommended,303210,30824957,Posted: 29 March,all,JKDarkseid,♥♥♥♥
76561198044087373,Not Recommended,303210,24260268,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,[WBW] Botched Attempt,"I had a difficult time choosing whether or not to ""recommend"" this game or not. The main reason is that there are a lot of people that I definitely would recommend this game to, but there are about an equal amount of people that I definitely would not recommend this to. I decided to go with a negative review because I personally did not like this game.This game is not made for the audience that it is marketed towards. It's not a bad game, but it wasn't made for me, and I didn't enjoy it any more than I would enjoy reading some random person's mail when I've never met them before. It's not that I can't relate to the people in the story, I'm just not that interested in them. If I'm not interested in the characters, I'm not going to enjoy the story, and that's literally all this game has to offer. There is no gameplay in the traditional sense. There's nothing particularly visually appealing about it. You're just walking through a story guided by a narator that guieds you by hand the entire time."
76561198060984323,Recommended,303210,24309160,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Magikarp,"This game is a fantastic story based game, it's so beautiful, I highly recommend this to everyone."
76561197973694731,Recommended,303210,24505137,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,RetroGamingFool,"Not a traditional game, but definitely a moving experience."
,Recommended,303210,24515207,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Obscure,"A wonderful meta-game, ostensibly about the creative process but increasingly (as it progresses) about the audience’s involvement and interpretation of art, The Beginner’s Guide is an elegant, deeply moving work."
,Recommended,303210,23499694,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shreksona 7: Spooky Season,10/10 It's like a lesson in Philosophy and then at the very end someone breaks in and stabs the Philosophy Teacher.
,Recommended,303210,23507174,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Fostrel,I have never once played a game that made me feel the way I did after finnishing. I never thought in my entire lifetime that a game could do what this one did. All I can say is play it.
76561198133823370,Recommended,303210,23508502,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sir Lancelot,The Beginner's Guide to sobbing after an hour.
76561198013388694,Recommended,303210,23489644,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,pixeltrash1,I. Am. Verklempt.
,Recommended,303210,23487713,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Wobbel,The game was not made to be understood. Apparently. I didn't understand a thing. All I did is going forward and backward. Sometimes I even got to push ENTER.10/10The Stanley Parable was better imho
,Recommended,303210,23548188,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,chip5,"*standing ovation*I don't want to say much to avoid spoiling it, I don't even want to say it's themes because it reveals them slowly. Have patience and think. This is linear, it's a narrative, not gameplay.and pro tip: use anisotropic filtering under advanced video options. There's a lot of long flat surfaces and you'll realy want anisotropic on for that."
76561198066713654,Recommended,303210,23378704,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Xarnov,"I bought this game without looking at any of its info. After seeing that it was created by the makers of The Stanley Parable, that was good enough for me to buy it and let everything be a surprize when I launched it.I did not expect a game like this though. In gameplay aspect it isnt that appealing......BUT... this game tells an amazing story. It is a very interesting look at storytelling, something I've never seen before, and I LIKE IT.If you are expecting the same humor or sillyness that made The Stanley Parable, you will not find it in this game. However, this game does do a dang fine job of delivering a compelling and emotional story arc.You can beat the game in a little over an hour, but it feels much more akin to watching a movie. One where you grow to know the characters very well. And in the sake of not dropping any spoilers, I'll leave it at that.Highly reccomend.Many feels will be had.Good luck."
,Recommended,303210,23111367,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FreezingMoon24,"Simply put, this isn't much of a game but an interactive story. Still thought it was great though. If you play this with an open mind and just let the story get told for a bit I'm sure you'll enjoy the experience, even though the game gets quite dark at some points. My only complaint, I think the price is a bit steep for a the game that only takes around 60-90 minutes to complete. Would highly recommend if you can pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,303210,19927711,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PalmeX,"Danke für das Spiel, es macht einen auf eine bestimmte Art runter, wärmt aber das Herz und ist an manchen stellen schlecht ins deutsche übersetzt.Thanks for the game, i was kind of depressed, heartwarmed, and annoyed about the wrong grammar in the germantranslation."
,Recommended,303210,23526647,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Silent,"This is probably the most provocative game I have ever played. It tells a relatively brief story, which challenges your ideas on art and the creative process, violates you, and then leaves you with a deeply unsettling uncertainty about the intent and nature of the game - and art itself. I highly recommend it."
76561198309909518,Recommended,303210,23479860,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,pugenthusiast17,This beautifully designed and written masterpiece exposes the rawest form of human emotion that I've ever seen in a game. I highly rcommend it as well as this artist's other games as well. 10/10
76561197997715950,Recommended,303210,23357819,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ecco,was good. A walking sim. but also explained game development which I am intrested in.
,Recommended,303210,23349378,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ericvondoom,"I've journeyed through many minds in my long life. So few are full enough to merit a second glance. The minds of Coda, the builder of fragments, and Davey Wreden, our guide through these fragments, are complete, open books, and there is so much to read. No, obviously, this isn't what men of my age call would call a 'game'; there is nothing to win, and there is no score to keep. It is ironic, then, that The Beginner's Guide understands what games are and how we play them better than most players or creators. Everyone whose ever thought of themselves a 'gamer' would serve themselves well by experiencing this. Do not compromise what is right by refunding this short experience. You will want it in your library to revisit someday."
,Recommended,303210,23349383,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,pipars,"This game is really deep and powerfull, highly recomended!"
76561198067242328,Recommended,303210,23316874,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Loganrw1,I was just empty after the end of the game. It makes you want to quit the game but you can't. Speechless.
,Recommended,303210,23337084,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Torint,"I thought I knew what the game was trying to tell me but then it threw me for a loop. A good art game that should be an example for other games of the same caliber, with a relateable story and great use of themes."
,Recommended,303210,23776825,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kuranosuke,It's the Beginner's Guide on how to question your life choices and how you see the world
,Recommended,303210,23767944,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,floaterjr,"Recommendation: Recommended to purchase on saleBase Game Score: AStyle: StoryRecommendation Summary: The Beginner's Guide is a story-driven game in which you follow a man analyzing another man's video games that he has developed. It is a work of art, and is stunning to look at. The story is great, and takes you on an depressing adventure with a plot-twist at the end. The end is for you to judge, but it does not reduce the quality of the game contray to other's poor reviews.The game is short and story-driven, and is worth the money when it is on sale."
,Recommended,303210,23757974,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,I-LOG,This it the most amazing and thoughtful game I have ever pleyed in my whole life.
,Recommended,303210,23762615,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dovakla,It's like someone is pretending to be a curator at a modern art museum and is trying to explain all the pieces to you. At first it seems like they know what they're talking about but then you realize that they're just as confused and self-conscious as you are and oh god why am i like this why10/10
76561198007657906,Recommended,303210,23763058,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dankey kang,really great
76561197975173587,Recommended,303210,23760979,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cramps,"Very short but incredible game. Don't wait for a sale, just buy it and experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,23760474,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Enforce,Well i dont know what to say but i do now that everyone should be required to play this at least once.....it is more than a game.....
,Recommended,303210,23730115,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bateen618,Wow. Just... wow.It's amazing.Wow.
,Recommended,303210,23739535,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Master Jorn,Speechless
76561198128246501,Recommended,303210,23740671,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mushixshi,"A great 'experience' that I really enjoyed all the way through.  please consider buying this, it was fantasticly amazing."
76561198073902381,Recommended,303210,23917566,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,greenRAM,"This is one of those games that is not a game. There's a lot that can be said about this project, but it really should be experienced for yourself before you listen to other's interpretations. If you enjoy an interesting experience, and if you like the idea that games can be art then this one is for you."
,Recommended,303210,23945656,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BuddySinister,What a beautiful and amazingly simple game. Loved and hated every minute of it.
76561198166972466,Recommended,303210,23945982,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Boosted Ape,Really something different...Though provoking and touches a different part of the mind. 10/10
76561198059701600,Recommended,303210,23949368,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EbonyKnigh,"Whatever it is, it reminds me of something: U Play, Play U"
,Recommended,303210,23949476,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SoloGod KILLER,"Just play it, it's worth the hour and a half. It's better than at least 90% of movies these days and it makes you think. That's all you can really ask for in story telling."
,Recommended,303210,23927843,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sunohara,This is not a game.this is what Depression feels like.
,Recommended,303210,23927892,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AXISDEADMAN,"These game(s) are a work of art. The narration an unwinding of one man's soul longing for forgiveness. Not all games have a lamppost no matter how hard we try to look. But we accept that as a fact that creators have their own artistic interpertation on things, that the creator sees something entirely different than that which the player sees."
,Recommended,303210,23908991,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lupus8841,"This game is an experience. It tells you the story of a person, a developer, who seems to be idealess. Guided by a voice you solve simple riddles, walök through chambers and paths which seem to be endless. Sticking in a typical clitch and experiencing no progress in each level, the voice, teh teller always gives you a way to get to a new chapter.While playing this short game it seems to be that the developer of these riddles just ""fooling around"" with programming chambers and riddles. But in the end he wants to stop the teller showing you these games of the developer.This game is really an expierence and not a ordinary game. It has atmosphere, I could sometimes really think into this person, this ""developer"".This game has for me a different meaning too. I think ""The Beginner's Guide"" wants to show us players, that the meaning of playing games loses its real sense. Lots of players nowadays just want to play the game as quick as possible to its end just to say ""I played it and it was fine.""Only a medium core of players really enjoy games in every detail. And thats why Triple-A-gmaes get more and more uniteresting and overrated."
,Recommended,303210,23931448,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dieGEMA,♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,303210,18377582,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Satisfiction,A story you get to walk around in while you listen to it.It was interesting.. left me with feelings and not much else. I can recommend it if you have money to throw around.
76561198089021681,Not Recommended,303210,19082281,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Hotlava1110,"I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this game, but there were so many reviews saying not to so that you don't get spoiled. This game may be by the same person that made Stanley Parable, but it is not at all similar. Where the Stanley Parable is fun and quirky, this game is dramatic and awkward. Do not purchase this game unless you want something trying to be deep and emotional."
,Not Recommended,303210,19082385,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Blake,"I do not recommend this game for $ 9.99. this game tries to be emotional but is a disappointment deceived in one hour and 30 minutes. Valve thanks for making me a refund. This is not a game, not a book, not a movie, not telltalle games,do not learn anything,  it's an hour and a half of nothing.I would buy it for $ 1.99 because that is what he deserves"
,Recommended,303210,19085817,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Caranraug,"I honestly don't know if I should recommend this game or not. It got me thinking but I expected a lot more from it. I don't know why. The trailer was amazing. It was really good. I liked the story, too. But putting this in the same category as Stanley Parable is not something I would do.If you want a 1,5 hour experience that will make you think about yourself and your perceptions about life I can highly recommend this game. I enjoyed it and I experienced a lot of different feelings.If you want a Stanley Parable 2, do not buy this game. It's great if you just think of it as something very, very different.I had mixed feelings about this but I'll give it a thumbs up. I enjoyed the experience but I felt like it lacked a proper conclusion. That probably says something about myself as a person.See? This game made me think!Yeah. Try it. Watch it. Live it. Whatever. It is worth the 8.99€ price tag."
76561198117431616,Not Recommended,303210,19086063,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,alyssamariepierce,"I didn't like this game because it wasn't a game. I expected it to have some component of choice, which in my book constitutes a game, but I just ended up paying for someone to tell me a really depressing story."
,Recommended,303210,19085425,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Vamp,"This game just made me think.And most honestly It made me reflect upon the things in my lifeAnd to be ost honest this game made go on the verg of tearsBut I don't reget playing this and quite the oppsite, but it's just one of those games where you must live it yourself so pled to you don't watch a playthough or a review just play this game."
76561198046523916,Recommended,303210,19083615,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,pdavinci,Absolutley love this game. My favorite story driven game of all time.
76561198039696848,Recommended,303210,19015425,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Papa RyRy,A psychological rollercoaster.
76561198003058832,Recommended,303210,19015659,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Thiss game is nothing like the stanley parable at all, and this game might just give you depression, but 8/8 gr8 m8"
76561198103350639,Recommended,303210,18945787,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sunlight Scrub,"don't read anymore reviews or watch any videos on it, just play the game it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,303210,24021354,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Portalzepiti,"Wow, just,                   wow."
,Recommended,303210,24022534,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Junglizt,Very interesting game that I got completely immersed in and enjoyed thoroughly playing through it.
76561198021180990,Recommended,303210,24019970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rick Deckard,Koda please make more games...
,Recommended,303210,24033440,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SP/\CEM/\N,Do not read anything about this game. Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,24031478,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Schwartz,"The game itself is only about 1.5 hours, but clear your evening. This'll be on your mind for awhile after the credits roll."
,Recommended,303210,24028799,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ENCORE,Streetlamp. Door with lever. 10/10
,Recommended,303210,24032375,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Strabimon,"This game left me feeling somewhat sick and upset when it finally ended. I don't necessarily think that makes it bad, not at all, but be aware that if you're looking for a game to relax this might not be for you.Know also before buying it that this is more of a walk-through narrative than it is a game.Aside from that, I would go into it with as little knowledge possible, as the story is the entire point of the game, and it is best experienced blind."
,Recommended,303210,24018361,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrStealYourMemes69,A beautifully narrated story exploring a person's life through the video games that they've created.I can't say much more without spoiling it.
,Recommended,303210,24016788,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Flissy,Not like any game I've ever played. It is a story but it plays with you. Such an unexpected twist.Its beautiful.
,Recommended,303210,23993966,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zcoop98,"I can't tell you too much, because it would spoil its majesty. But this is just amazing in how it just...IS.Just makes you sit and think for a while, about a lot."
76561198055518106,Recommended,303210,23974729,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sue,"I love games like this, although I use the term 'game' loosely. It's an experience, and a personal one. I recommend it and won't spoil it by saying more."
,Recommended,303210,23966814,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,calmkat,"I have never felt emotional about art.  I have never thought a game could be art.  This is the only art that has brought me to tears.  Get it whether on sale or not, but just get it."
76561198025024808,Recommended,303210,23968265,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Joe,Both my fiance and I finished this game in the same morning. This game inspires conversation and requires you to take a step back and take it as a whole and not just the individual pieces.  Play this game and then recommend it to a friend.
76561197968892544,Recommended,303210,23973254,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lively,"For anyone who likes a game that is more about thoughtful exploration of very meta ideas, and is OK with the short play length and very little interactivity, this is very well done.  Seriously gave me the shivers in some parts (not out of fear so much as existential angst)."
76561198032625681,Recommended,303210,23973437,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Oponn,"What a wonderful experience! I hesitate to call it a 'game', I think it takes away from what it is. I wish I could say more, but I don't want to spoil anything. It is a very sincere presentation by the creator that leads to a very powerful moment of realization at the end. I think for me and probably many others, this is a game that will speak to you at a very personal level, and that you will hold in your memory perhaps forever."
,Recommended,303210,19286845,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rets,"Although it might be a walking simulator by definition, it still is an experience that you can't miss. The story will move you, and that's a guarantee."
76561198013937723,Recommended,303210,19288006,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Moritach,I'm lost for words. There's just one that keeps coming back to me. Perfection.
,Recommended,303210,19288178,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,a4UTOMAT,Anyone remotely interested in the development of vvideo games needs to play through this at least once.
,Not Recommended,303210,19288392,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,[RandomOnly].Tiger,"This game is not Worth $10. Buy it on sale if you want to ""play"" it.The trailer does not prepare you for what the story actually is. A Very Dark ride that make me wonder if the events in this story are true or not.If this story is true, Davey sir, you are scum for making money off of this. If this is not true then bravo."
,Recommended,303210,19286086,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Joon,"I rarely publish reviews but this one is helping me get through a tough time. Rarely anything helps, but this does it a little bit better. What is two hours worth is an emotional experience unlike any other. Between 'understanding' and living the experience itself is a cavernous gap that separates most individuals. This game helps in putting that personal perspective into sharper view."
,Recommended,303210,19303132,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Brian3DW,"**Potential Spoilers**(Not a game. An interactive introspective look at a creative mind and it's desire for validation)This is not a game. This is a maturation of the medium.You should experience this alone with headphones. Fully vest your attention for an hour and a half and create your own memory of a once in a lifetime experience.This is a somber experience. Start The Beginner's Guide rather than starting that art house movie you've been meaning to watch next time you have a quiet night alone. If you go into this with with that mindset, you will enjoy The Beginner's Guide more than any movie I can think of right now.** A note on the genre this game has been placed in. ""Walking Simulator,"" is the term I have been seeing lately for games that I think fall into the same category as this game. With the Beginner's Guide being my first experience of this type, I have to say that I am looking forward to experiencing many many more games in this derogatorily named Walking Simulator genre. The moment I post this review I am booting up this developer's previous game that started as a mod of Half-Life 2 released in 2011. Then, I might come back for a 3rd playthrough of The Beginner's Guide."
,Recommended,303210,19303258,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hip Albatross,"This game, unlike any other game I have played, is abstract in its purpose and indirect in its direction. I have no genre to place the game unto nor am i interested in doing so.  In my experience, there is no game to compare this too. I can not make a comment on the game's mechanics. I can not make a comment on the game's balance. I can hardly call it a game. This ""game"" is an uncomfortable tour guide with manic depressive highs and lows to extreme degrees condensed and bottled in to one dose that deceptively bombards your sense of comfort for well over an hour. This game did not leave me with a message. This game left me confused trying to find myself within it so that I may understand it better. In trying to understand it I believe I missed the point of it entirely."
,Recommended,303210,19300306,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,punch partner,I can't describe this
,Recommended,303210,19300337,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,yvng phos,"I can't even call this game enjoyable. And honestly, I don't know whether the game made me sadder or the fact that even if I replayed it the amount that it could affect me will never be as great as the first time.Every piece of the puzzle just fits, which is a little sad and ironic to think about after finishing The Beginner's Guide. But I don't even know what to think or how to feel, really. There's just so much in this game, so much that I think I'll be thinking about it for a long time. And I have two generally overwhelming feelings after finishing the game: I really want to make games. And I really want all my friends to play this game.There is so much power within the levels of this game. Even at full price, the amount of change that you will go through within the 90 minutes it takes to play this game is enormous compared to $9.99.Let's jump together. There is so much more behind this game that I wish I could articulate into words. You just have to play this game."
76561198017971525,Not Recommended,303210,19302052,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Draz,"There are games.I can easily write a critique of games.There is art.I am not so good at critiquing art.There are games that are also art.This makes things difficult.I would, overall, say this is good art but not so good as a game.I would recommend to play this for insight, but not necessarily for entertainment."
,Recommended,303210,19302472,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Vote Nick for Nictator,"As a creator and a writer struggling with finding the motivation to continue to create, this hit close to home.It doesn't provide a solution, however.Does any exist?Do we just create out of fear of letting our friends down?"
,Recommended,303210,19307837,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Inquieta Templar,"Everybody needs to experience this game at least once in their lives. There's... Not much I can say about it in all honesty. It's just something that people need to see for them selves, and make their own judgements and interpretations on. All I know is that I will be thinking about this for years to come."
76561198079375107,Recommended,303210,19307865,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Zalus_Jul,This game ruined meno replay valueI want a refund10/♥♥♥♥ing 10
,Recommended,303210,19307917,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Narian,This game forces you to think. That's why it's the best.
,Recommended,303210,19319915,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Killer Gas,"This game is ....There is no explination for it rather then just play it and feel it for yourself, it helps you grow as a person.The Developer has created and shared something deeply personal and has decided it's worth teaching people about his failures.I look forward to any future games if they have such complex narratives as The Beginner's Guide, or simply have the qwirk and puzzle that the Stanley Parable has.This game is .... Truely unqiue and unlike anything you can experience elsewhere."
76561198207564427,Recommended,303210,19320078,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,nickwhitestreak,"There might be a few spoilers in this comment, but nothing that would change the experience of the game.Story:Basically, Davey Wreden (the creator of the Stanley Parable) talks you through several small games made by someone named ""Coda"". Dave talks about how we can learn more about Coda from his games, but as you continue further, you begin to realize that The Beginner's Guide is not only about Coda.It's about Dave. Coda's games (and how Dave changes them) show us the kind of personDaveis, and the kind of personweare.The overall story is sad, but it reveals so much about expression, people, and validation. Whether or not Coda is a real person, the games are beautiful, and you will come away a different person. 5/5Gameplay:The games use very simple and similar first-person controls; the jump/crouch controls are pretty much unneeded, but still allow for more interaction/fun.Coda does a lot of interesting things with gameplay, from the recurring door puzzle to the invisible maze to the housecleaning. The individual games have vague and intriguing messages in addition to the big picture they add up to. This is not your generic game. This isn't even your generic non-generic game. 5/5Visuals/Music:You start out with little music and generic textures, but even at the start there's the random colored blocks; Coda's artistic messages are very thought-provoking, even if sometimes negative. Despite the fact that you know it's a game the whole time, you're immersed for the full 1.5-ish hours. Towards the end, the music is very ambient and beautiful.Like the ""Wot I Think"" article says, the game at times makes you uncomfortable; but that's what makes it so good. The way it forces you to acknowledge things that you've been avoiding. 5/5Overall:The Stanley Parable addressed the in-game player's avatar and the in-game narrator. This game (which is not anything like the Stanley Parable, I can assure you) addresses the player and, primarily, the developer.This game teaches you not to seek other's validation, but your validation of yourself.5/5"
,Recommended,303210,19318369,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,.cookie,I WANT TO CRY.
,Recommended,303210,19318382,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TheMermaidYuYï,"Utterly captivating. It's one of those games that you won't be able to stop thinking about after you've played, it leaves you with a void that you know will not be filled. I recommend playing this in one sitting."
,Recommended,303210,23929772,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kavinsky,"I don't often review games. I play a lot, and I have a lot, but not many of them feel special enough to warrant me saying something, nor bad enough that I feel I should warn anyone.This is not really a game. It's more of a journey for the narrator through his friend's old games he made.  His friend stopped, and the narrator wants to understand why and talks through what he thinks his friend was thinking at each point in his life when he made games.This is short. I got it on sale. But it leaves an impact. I feel sorrow, maybe some guilt for playing it, but I also feel hope for the Narrator and his friend to both find what they need in life. There are no answers to find by playing this. No real answers anyway. It kind of leaves a lot up to your own interpretation.Buy this game if: You value people and are fascinated by psychology, sociology, and possibly game development.  Consider the experience like a book that leaves you wondering at the end. You may not be satisfied with the ending, I wasn't, but I do not regret the experience or the purchase.Don't buy this game if: You need interaction or feedback from a game. This will not give you any satisfaction, but it may make you think about your life a bit. The Beginner's Guide poses a question to the player and never answers it, and you may never be able to answer it. You are only learning about the Narrator and his friend, who designed the games."
76561198081469282,Recommended,303210,23944120,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Doctr_Watson,"Excellent game for people who are open to a brief, highly subjective narrative experience. Before playing, be aware that there's not much in the way of gameplay, or answers. It there's such a thing as ""experimental gaming,"" this must be it."
76561198121735443,Recommended,303210,23945181,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Wolf 2.0,"This game draws powerful emotions. It is beautifully constructed and should be noted.If you do anything, even for a short time, play this game."
76561198151825010,Recommended,303210,23939812,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,gmaurer,"This game is definitely unique; it will not be like anything else you have ever played.But honestly, I was offended.Once I got to the Tower, all I could feel was anger toward the narrator.But I can't not recommend it because it truly is an interesting experience and story."
,Recommended,303210,23901925,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ker2x,"Do not play this game, you can't play it.It's broken. it's not playable. GO AWAY !Move along, don't read review, don't watch it on youtube or twitch or ... anything !This game does not exist, it's all in your head.Don't blame me if you want to kill yourself after you tried to play this game, because i told you so...... i really did told you so.I wish someone told me so too.And please remember : what's seen cannot be unseen."
76561198005757228,Recommended,303210,23827815,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,N-D-E,Wow its hard not to feel something when you play this game an excelent way to spend 3 hrs.
76561198053158585,Recommended,303210,23846703,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gwynneth,"Well, that was... interesting.  Am I glad I viewed it? Yes.  Is this unique?  Yes.  It is not a game, more of a walkthrough someone's mind.  If you like a story and a bit of philosophy, you will enjoy this.  I bought it on sale, which I would recommend.If you are looking for puzzles, killing things and quests, this may not be your ""cup of tea.""  I liked it.  It's a story with a bit of a twist.  But do not expect action.  Do not expect a long game.  Not much replayability if that is what you are looking for."
,Recommended,303210,23830908,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Black Mage,I just finished the game...I am not okay...
,Recommended,303210,23832126,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,deathday,"I'm starting to suspect that Davey Wreden is a bad game designer. A great thinker, but a bad game designer. The Stanley Parable & The Beginner's Guide both look and play like a game from 2004. But like a beautiful thought experiment version of a 2004 game. So honestly it's fine. There's a place for these games. You can come back to them months later and think of them in a totally different way. I like this game."
,Recommended,303210,23806175,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eukaryot,"I didn't even know games could do this and I have played a lot so far, even the Stanley Parable.Suffering from depression does not make this game easier but the impact is huge."
,Recommended,303210,23806686,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Trafficlights,"As you can already guess from the tags, this is not your usual game, it's more of a short story (~1.5 hours). This game was made by the same developer (Davey Wreden) who made ""The Stanley Parable"" (which I highly recommend, by the way!), but do not expect it do be like that. You cannot make choices that change the story. The narrator is the developer himself and he guides you through games his friend made but didn't want to publish. At the beginning I felt like Davey was using his success to advertise for his friend with crap games (as the games shown were incomplete and not well made) and I regretted buying The Beginner's Guide. I can tell you that it isn't like that at all and that the story is very interesting and the games very soon start to have an impact on you as well.I recommend playing the game yourself, because you do get to have some choices and even if they don't change the main plot, it feels like you're more connected to the story."
,Recommended,303210,24054628,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chaz Bufflewhiff,"Complex, narratively rich, emotionally draining. A metatextual dive into our fears, anxieties, and feelings of self-worth.Game devs, take note: *this* is how you do confessional storytelling in your video games."
,Recommended,303210,24080081,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Madness,"Irregardless of whether or not you call ""The Beginner's Guide"" a game or something else, it is an experience that takes about one and a half hour and is well worth the asking price.The ""game"" is more of a letter or documentary of a relationship between two developers and friends.If you do decide to buy The Beginner's Guide, do so knowing that this isn't made for your entertainment."
,Recommended,303210,24068312,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bruno,"It's an essay about videogames in videogame form, and a good one too 5/5"
76561198027439795,Recommended,303210,24068337,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nexray,"This game is, probably not worth ten dollars. For most people that is. But for those seeking something deeper, something that treats its audience maturely and intelligently, then this Guide is for you. And it's worth more than ten dollars."
,Recommended,303210,24082729,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ModernPatriot,This was probably one of the most heartbreaking experiences I have ever experienced.The story and the narrative was extremely relatable and I dont know what to say other than...Please just try it.
,Recommended,303210,24083298,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ashley,"This game eludes description but it is a thoroughly worthwhile experience. There isn't any real objective and the game is strictly linear, but its difficult to say that that detracts from its narrative which is beautifully crafted. Overall a great successor to Stanley Parable and one I strongly recommend. Perhaps the only complaint is its shortness which might be a turn-off for people looking to maximise value-for-money when buying a game."
,Recommended,303210,24095853,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Taxifahrer Ralf ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,finally i can jump :PSrsly only able to move backwards is genius - i love this idea (this is just one chapter so dont worry)^^
76561198170637478,Recommended,303210,24096317,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Court_XY,I'm not sure I could even write a review of a game like this.
,Recommended,303210,19474587,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Maki is Gay,"I can not recomend this game enough, I feel if I tell you anything it will ruin the experience"
,Recommended,303210,24070468,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,nonentity,"In all honesty I don't know what to think of this game, however there is no middle ground so I base my opinion of this game off the assumption that Coda is used as a metaphor for the sake of my own sanity. You don't buy this game for the game. You buy it for the experience.If the story in this game is a metaphor, then my god is this game amazing. You feel the feels as you've never felt before and has a story so well developed that I am having trouble telling if it is real or a metaphor. I would reccomend this game to anyone. However, my my lack of knowing if this story is real makes me hesitate.If the story portrayed in this game is real, I want my money back. This is for reasons that may be a spoiler so I won't put them here, but anyone who has played the game most likely would agree."
76561198082397479,Recommended,303210,24074990,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,O1,"I bought this game based on user reviews. I played an finished it in about 2 hours. If this game is a true story, it is pretty interesting. First, this is not really a game at all. It's more like a one-sided conversation, or maybe just listening to someone's journal almost, while walking around in some alpha code games.I found the story interesting and sad. I don't know exactly what else to say because it is not even close to a traditional game. If you are ok with burning a few bucks for a unique ""game"" experience and have 2 hours to spare, pick this game up. If anything, it sounds like a heart-felt performance by the narrator. And maybe even a look into his psyche a little bit."
76561198019136969,Not Recommended,303210,24068781,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Great Justice,"A walking simulator which stimulates thoughtful reflection on various topics.Those are the two core components of The Beginner's Guide. Walking and reflecting. Unfortunately, the strength of the latter is insufficient to carry the weakness of the former- well, not for me at least. I found the mechanics of playing the game to be incredibly boring. There were no meaningful choices, challenges, or failure states. You're told exactly what to do at nearly every turn. You don't play this game insomuch as you experience it. And that experience for the most part is pretty somber.People who place more value in the narrative and the thoughts it provokes may understandably rate this game very highly. But for me, it simply wasn't fun."
,Recommended,303210,24061607,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sexual Ackbar,Can't aim down sights.
,Recommended,303210,25373992,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,(CAT 3) TheCommissioner,"I have no real words to describe this game that wouldn't absolutely ruin this game for whoever is reading this.  It's amazing, thought provoking, and a weird kind of fun.  Play it."
76561197962309135,Recommended,303210,25372292,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sheepdog,"It's a short game! In fact, it's more watching an hour and a half film than playing a game.Still, I thought it was a good game. It's more philosophical and less comical than the Stanley's Parable though."
76561198147790085,Recommended,303210,25329708,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rufener Teufel,"Never in my entire 14 years of living, have i played a game that was so powerful. This game is by far the best game i have ever played. After playing i stopped and cried for a full 5 minutes. this game is just..... amazing 10/10"
76561198068847803,Recommended,303210,25354306,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Donald McTrump,"This game, is not a game, it is an emotional train ride, and if you want to experience this yourself then buy this game."
76561198042398656,Recommended,303210,25339448,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Skamper  Gunallen,This game made me sad
76561198119327616,Recommended,303210,25375155,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Don't Touch Me Don't Look At Me,"The Beginner's Guide is an incredibly interesting and introspective look at the process of human interaction. It is, on its surface level, a narrative about game design and its struggles, but the overarching theme is so much more wholly dependant on how the player connects to all of the (two) characters. This game made me profoundly uncomfortable at times with how viscerally it depicted a world of genuine anxiety, although in a much different way than you might expect.All in all, 10/10 if you like walking and thinking, probably 0/10 if you wanted to feel like you're in control and 7/10 if you wanted to shoot ineffectual guns (3 points taken off for not enough guns, but v good eventual stress relief)."
,Recommended,303210,25388125,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Gray Son,"The most satisfying game that I have played in awhile. It's like the Stanley Parable that you can't tell someone about it, you just have to make them play it."
,Recommended,303210,25384093,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,sasperella,"For me, this game was worth the $9.99. Normally I would spend $11 going to the movies and get about 2 hours of entertainment. This game was an incredibly funny, entertaining, and engaging experience and worth the 2.5 hours of entertainment. Those qualities are what makes a game memorable and I will always remember this game!"
76561198005923854,Recommended,303210,25608803,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Yulgalminakf,"Very touching... I'd hesitate to call it a game, more like a walkthrough with narrative. It's not really fun, no replayability, but is very interesting to go through the first time. It's basically a collection of work with narration over it describing some of the meaning behind it. It's also an in-depth look at what happens to the artist when a work of art is being created. And, yes, a video game CAN be art without being super pretentious.Even though it's only 90 minutes long, even though it's not really a game, this is one that'll stick with me for a very long time, a lot longer than most of those other games.The rest contains mild spoilers.You've been warned.Now, my question is: was this coda a real person? Is this a name he made-up for the creation of the narrative of this game? Or was it himself in the past, but he no longer feels like this person?If it was himself, then I don't have a problem with him selling this on steam, it's his own work and he can do with it what he pleases. And I love the fact that he never reveals himself to be Coda, which would be very in-line with the works that Coda produced, you have to suss out the meaning yourself (even though he describes the meaning behind the rest of the work).If it was made-up, then I feel kinda jipped and pleased at the same time. Jipped, because I actually felt for this character that doesn't exist, and I feel kinda silly for that, but pleased because he created it so well that it's extremely relatable.If this was a real person, however, then basically selling someone else's work with a voice-over is an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do! Shame on the developer for this! (if this is true). Even if you're trying to reach Coda, then SELLING his works is like giving the biggest ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" I can imagine. Even with your little heart-felt speech there at the end, ""If enough people can see this, then maybe Coda will too. Please keep making games."" Honestly, if I was Coda, and I saw this, I'd only be able to sit through the first five ♥♥♥♥ing minutes of this before I quit it. You're tearing his work apart and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥izing it for a quick buck. I doubt he ever heard the ending where you were reaching out to him. If you had released this for free, that'd be different, but cashing in on it... shame, shame, SHAME on you. Again, all of this is ONLY if Coda is a real person and had 0 say in its release (such as is the plot of the game), which I doubt for several reasons, not the least of which is legality.In any case, very enjoyable for me, personally."
,Recommended,303210,25612747,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[TLB] Knwldg101,"Interesting ""concept"" game. I actually enjoyed it but the end felt off  compared to the rest of the game. Honestly I kind of want that game where you just walk around a cave and leave notes for people. But overall it was worth the 1 1/2-2 hours it takes to finish this. It was an interesting experience."
76561198123865942,Recommended,303210,25615317,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fuzzy Black Sheep <3,"I swear to ♥♥♥♥ing god this is one of my favorite games of all time...though now that I think about it, it's more of an interactive movie then a game. I personally recommend buying it, cause my god it's a brilliantly told story. But if you are skeptical, just watch a playthrough on YouTube with no commentary. It's only around an hour and a half, so if you buy it, you could just refund it. Personally, even though I already beat it, i'm not gonna refund, just cause if I ever feel like I need to play something special, I have this to go back to. I love this game, and nothing is gonna change that."
,Recommended,303210,25642005,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,a swarm of bees,"""It was that I needed to see myself in someone else.""This hit me like a brick.Never before has a game made me self-reflect and go through so many emotions in one playthrough. Even now I choke up at certain scenes.Play this."
,Recommended,303210,26018885,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,OldManBre97,i want to try to explain this game i want to some how define it make it something thats outright understandable and universal. but i cant. i cant put this game into words i cant just define something that i feel was never ment to be defnied. maybe im the only one who feels this but non the less i still belive that this game will mean something or not mean anything to everyone indivudaly. i know to me that this game has a meaning but i myself cant fully explain what it isi recomned playing this game all in one setting or playing it in one setting eventualy it may mean something difrent then if you were to stop playing after chapter and thinnk on them.who knows its all down to what this means to you and how you percive it
,Recommended,303210,26047831,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jackdraws,"How could you do this to me, Wreden."
,Recommended,303210,26040638,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Neunzehn,"It's a great game.Problem is the center core is rather first world oriented and to be frankly a bit derivative if you've seen stuff like neo genisis evagelion. Now I don't mean it's not worth playing (or it's copying or not original), but rather meaningless for a introvert. It's really hard to describe the fact that the emotion whilist felt true, was petty and tiny.Considering the lenth I'd say not worth than 10$, but it's better than any 10$ game i've ever bought(full price game that is)."
76561198073638826,Recommended,303210,26055443,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Decim,Probably the game I love and hate the most at the same time. But an absolute masterpiece.
,Recommended,303210,26026867,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Saladin,"I've had this game in my library for a few months and didn't touch it until tonight and I wish I would have experienced it sooner. You can get so much out of this story, even though it is a game technically it doesn't feel like it was made for that purpose of entertainment. Anyway, I would HIGHLY recommend going through it. I had so many emotions running through myself as the story unraveled and thinking to myself what is the truth? I think if it is a true story and Coda is a real person there should be something to tell their story. You can't come to a conclusion based off one persons story."
,Recommended,303210,26027893,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zen Frogs Only,"Not only does The Beginner's Guide provide a wonderful collection of curious game concepts, it also tells a deeply personal and fulfilling story. It's brilliant."
76561198127639913,Not Recommended,303210,18313750,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Finman2000,"a VERY VERY short game,beat it in 1 hour, and it was intresting,but not worth 8 dollars"
76561197980497374,Recommended,303210,26161836,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bumbling Old Git (UK),"After 5 minutes: Seems interesting but the voice over is a terrible LLoyd Grossman monotone. Stanley Parable had good voice acting, which made its interminable corrridors bearable. I'd like the option to switch off Lloyd Grossman and just read the pretentious exposition about Games as Art.After 30 minutes:After 1 hour:"
,Recommended,303210,30888057,Posted: 1 April,all,ellstar,"I think this was a truly enveloping game. Great narrative, actually fun to run around in. I can't say it's not worth the full price because I feel like I was told a full story, but I did only get about 2.5hrs of it and I read a LOT of notes. If it's on sale at all, get it 100% and play it because I feel really strongly about how thought-provoking and intriguing this game was. If money isn't much of a bother and you just want something that's real from start to finish, buy this immediately."
,Recommended,303210,25951144,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Fre2Doom,Games traditionally for other people. This game had a distinc feeling as if it was made for oneself. A fascinating take on game development as a personal excercise.
76561198148817511,Recommended,303210,26224520,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,acowname,"""It seemed like Coda resented the player for even playing his game."">it was sent to him personally10/10"
,Recommended,303210,26473800,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hit Noodle,"I feel compelled to write a review, but I can't write my thoughts clearly. It made me think, which seldom happens as I finished a game. Not the usual ""Oh the ending is nice, oh that's what happened, oh the storytelling is so good what do I do know"" that happened after I finish a good game/story... but really.. thinking.Who are you creating for?"
76561198159899542,Recommended,303210,26471620,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[Mysterious Capitalist],"Play it all in one sitting and let it give you an emotional punch right in the balls.Go on, I'm not saying anything else that'd spoil it, and believe me the suprise is well worth the pain. Davey Wreden has an incredible knack for making stories with unexpected twists that suddenly make the meaning of the work much clearer and this is no exception.Plaaaaaaaaaay ittttttttttttt."
,Recommended,303210,26466637,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Luxion,"It's...certainly interesting.I wouldn't quite call it a ""game,"" per se, but, I mean, you move and look around. So I guess it's a game in that sense.As far as story goes... It's deep. Psyche piercing. It rang with me when I played it. I don't know what I was expecting when I got this game...but it certainly wasn't this. And that's a good thing.If you came for humor or action, you're as far from it as you can get. Just a heads up.If you're looking for depth, seriousness, tackling the biggest elephant in the room of game design... You came to the right place.I recommend playing this when you have a spare two hours or so of alone time. And go into it with an open mind. You'll be pleasantly surprised...Maybe even a little bit shaken."
,Recommended,303210,26466765,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Zombee,"I thought I bought a game, not an existential crisis. Probably the most thought provoking hour and a half of my life."
,Recommended,303210,26467084,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MooMooCowPanda,"My oh my, where to start.So as a disclaimer to some that haven't played the Stanley Parable or similar games, this is a story-narrative game. There isn't much in terms of gameplay, you're buying an interesting book you can walk around in.The Beginner's Guide can best be described as a meta-narrative. It's not something I could really leave a review on, because that would be kind of contradictory to the message of the game itself. It's definitely worth the 5$ I spent on it, and it's a game that will make you think, then make you question if you should be thinking about it at all."
,Recommended,303210,26473056,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,無限の剣製,Deep meaning.Would be better if we can buy the soundtrack as an DLC.
,Recommended,303210,26468274,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,StuArt,"I did like this game ... A LOT, but I feel if the story is true the person this game is about would hate you, even more so then ""The Tower""s  ending would have put off, now more then ever."
,Recommended,303210,26468423,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tough Kid,Felt something. Not sure what. But it was something.
76561197986935620,Recommended,303210,26474961,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BlueBanana,I don't know what to say about it.It's very touching.I guess everybody has its own interpretation and maybe its best to keep it to yourself.:)
,Recommended,303210,26465500,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Soviet_Doggo,"Too good - too sad.Almost cried at teh end of the game - a must play and for the sale price, a real steal"
76561198085805327,Recommended,303210,26522862,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Comrade Finchsky,This is the best game I have ever bought. I felt desperation I've never felt before as well as crushing loneliness. Her I am still giving a great review because most games are food for your mind but this one is food for your soul.
76561198286942000,Recommended,303210,26529054,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Majestic Babyseller,Just amazing.I would reccomend this game seriousally!!!
,Recommended,303210,19929821,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,spangeboob,"The most wonderful, powerful, yet extremely depressing game I have ever played. This resonated with me on an extremely deep level. Telling you anything about the plot or any events would ruin the experience for you; it's just something you have to go into violently. Not a long game at only 86 minutes for me to complete, but extremely powerful. Not a ""fun"" game -- more of an experience, or a story. I could not recommend this more."
,Recommended,303210,19907815,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kelly.,"This game is... interesting.When I first saw this game, and saw that it was made by the same people that made The Stanley Parable, I was all for getting it. The trailer looked nice, and it peaked my curiosity. The game itself was so much more different than what I expected. It's not like any game I've played before because... well, because it tells a story through a series of video games, that seem to have some meaning behind it. Granted, the meanings of these games in this game can be difficult to understand; why did this person make it like this? What was going on in their head? And most of the time it felt empty, there was no objective to these games most of the time, but the way it was made, made these games enjoyable. They introduce a different element than what you see in games today.I was reading the other reviews of this game, and stumbled upon some that don't recommend this game. Some said that it was just a game about someone that needs therapy. Although this seems true from what you play in the game, I don't think that's a reason why you shouldn't buy the game and play it. Personally, if you like story-rich games, this is still a good one, even if it is someone that's talking about their problems, and their mistakes. Sometimes, if you don't have anyone to talk to, why not find another method of getting stuff off your chest?The game moves slow, and in the beginning it's pleasant. As the games go on, they get much darker, as the narrator will explain this all to you and tell you his interpretation of why the game maker made it that way. Of course, there's no telling if his representation is the right one, but it is one to make you think. As I was playing this game, I wondered who was this person that made these games, what was he really like? You don't get an answer, but you have to come up with one yourself. Or, you can go with what the narrator thinks of all of it.I think you should buy this game if you enjoy hearing a story that... might make you cry. Overall, this game makes it enjoyable in its own way, each game in this game has a different atmosphere, and you get to see what Coda might've been like."
76561198151971178,Recommended,303210,19937942,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vixxy,I.... I can't even think of words to say about this game. Just play it for yourself. You'll question your existence and place in this world.
76561198052592926,Recommended,303210,19938410,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lonota,"This is not a game.  If someone were to find an example of videogames being art, I would probably mention this.  At the same time I feel this isnt eactly art as it's purpose isn't to be artistic, in a sense this ""game"" is more of a letter or a eulogy.  I wouldn't pick this up unless you are ready for some pretty heavy♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's a bit short but it says wht it needed to say.  Again it's not actually a game so $10 is kind of steep, but it's the kind of thing that should be experienced, pick it up on sale it this interests you.  Im not quite sure what else there is to say about it, it feels too personal to review objectively,  I'm not quite sure what the creator (of the compilation being sold) is hoping to achieve with this, but I hope he finds it.Coda if you somehow read this: at least consider what D. may be trying to say."
,Recommended,303210,30270307,Posted: 1 March,all,Revenant2150,This game hit me like a freight train... Not something I was expecting at all. Definitely gave me a new perspective on others mental illness and my own behaviors.
,Not Recommended,303210,19932110,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AlerionEpisode,"I kept waiting for something interesting to happen but alas, nothing interesting happened,Only finished it because i thought the ending would good. I played the stanley parable which I enjoyed so I was hoping for more from this game.In my personal opinion it's a really boring game, would invest money into a different game.I have no idea of the legitimacy of what happens in the story too,"
,Not Recommended,303210,19919364,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheMagicIsOver,"Walk around, listen to a story. Meh."
76561198145610486,Recommended,303210,19917421,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,foreigncamel,"Wow. This was quite a lot packed into an hour and a half. I would say that the game was a lot of fun, but I do not think that the game was meant for fun. I'm not very emotional, but this game really got me. I'll just say I'm very glad I played the game."
,Recommended,303210,19917445,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Living,Wow. An emotional and powerful experience that won't be for everyone.
76561198025862302,Recommended,303210,19917682,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Crabuser,"This a great example to me of simplicity. I feel the message being conveyed in a most powerful way. There is no worrying about little details, just pure enjoyment."
,Recommended,303210,19916270,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Papi SideBurnz,Its;l' hard'; to' type with''' tears ; in' my eyes_
,Recommended,303210,19916654,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Sei,Right in the feels.
,Recommended,303210,19920312,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mr. 1-5,"This game is fantastic. I can't tell you anything else, as it would spoil your experience. Play this game."
,Not Recommended,303210,20004321,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bernoully,It was okay. Artsy stuff. Not for everyone.
,Not Recommended,303210,20004438,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Koolyap,"if anyone hoping to play a similar Stanley Parable u wont find it here , this is not a game and its not fun*SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS* and i hope you get together with your friend *SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS**SPOILERS*"
,Recommended,303210,20004673,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,_r.u.s.s.,"what the hell's with people sobbing while playing this game? i mean, jesus, come onoh, a really cool interactive story game by the way. i got truly immersed in it and sympathized with the two guysps.: my opinion is that coda is not real, but a part of a really well created story. in case he is real then, wow, asking money for this would be kind of outrageous"
76561198039292924,Recommended,303210,19998986,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scycthe,"If you like games for their stories because you enjoy them (even if others might find them bad or uninteresting), then go ahead and try this. What's the worst that can happen, you lost some money and a small amount of your time? Money is always being printed and you have so much time left before you leave.Note: In my opinion, it's better if you don't watch, read or listen to anything about the game. But, this is up to you.This game really hit me, I know you might not connect to it like others have, but maybe you can learn something from it....who knows..."
,Recommended,303210,19953597,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fluffyr,Press 'W' to cry.
76561198024920171,Recommended,303210,19954048,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Brakkish,"No review.Just wanted to say ""thanks"" to the people who made this."
,Recommended,303210,21062517,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ThatPazuzu,"This game is very good. In a narrow sense, it's a drama about a gamer trying to find insight in games, but imposing their own ideas and thoughts and missing the obvious. In a broader sense, it's a very interesting discussion of the creator/audience relationship. This is an art game is the truest sense: It's nuanced, it have consistent themes and metaphors. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in games as art, rather than mindless entertainment.I have a few nitpicks:1) The last bit of the game is painfully unsubtle in an otherwise nuanced experience.2) Obviously, this game was made by a game dev so the discussions of critic/creator and audience/creator relationships feel a bit one sided. They're still pretty insightful regardless, though."
76561197960305392,Not Recommended,303210,21060436,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,minervius,I loved stanley parable but this one could not hold up to the expectations I got
,Recommended,303210,20759244,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mexican Hedgehog,"Very ""artsy"" in some aspects, but gives you food for though. Worth playing"
,Recommended,303210,20754363,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Griffin962,Beautiful
,Recommended,303210,20755973,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Stogieman,Did not cry.Did not cry.Did not cry.Did not cry.Had an emotional breakdown.Did not cry.Did not cry.100000/10 please play right nowDid not cry.
,Recommended,303210,20778828,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Kinobi,"The weirdest game I have ever played, but very interesting nonetheless."
,Recommended,303210,20479082,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kaptan Buğra Bey,"As I read it in the reviews I'm not the only one thinking this game is really good for game developers or people who wants to be one because it is like showing you the basics of a game in a way. So if  you are an average player and  want to have  fun this game is not for you and it is not anything like ""The Stanley Parable"". After clearing this out I want  anyone who wants to play this game to know, this game is sad and if you think you can't handle sad things it is not recommended for you. Lastly some personal thought about the game and I feel a little disappointed about this and actually it is ruining the meaning of this game for me, if this game is really what the narrator said then selling it is wrong I think. This game is art there is no doubt on that and art is priceless so saying this game doesn't deserve that much of a price would be wrong maybe but I think it really is not worth that much and as I said it is not really about the price actually it is about this game to have a price if the true goal of this game is what narrator said, would Coda like this game to be sold?"
,Recommended,303210,20779081,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,PixelRush,I want to give Davey a hug.
,Recommended,303210,20965729,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Gut Lord,"Don't go in expecting the Stanely Parable, or anything close to the developer's past projects.It felt like a walking simulator, showing off the curated work of an unknown developer - an interactive documentary!A narrative slowly unfolds exploring the creative-process, and the egos of artists, their work, and how they interpret/analyze the work of others.Clocking in at a little under two hours, it's hard to justify the $10 price tag, but that's also far less than what you'd pay to watch a movie in a theater."
,Recommended,303210,21038540,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Goomba,"A great game, really deep with no phrases to describe it except 'pure brilliance'"
,Recommended,303210,21037166,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,green mario,"The Beginner's Guide is an attactive game with good graphics, an appealing narrative, good characters (2) and the same distinctive charm that The Stanley Parable has, even if they are drastically different games. It isn't a long play, and it isn't as quirky, but it tells a good story."
,Recommended,303210,21040072,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,smograth,this game got me into postmodern literatureplay it it'll break you apart and put you back together better and new
76561198027692474,Not Recommended,303210,20876526,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DerNamenlose,"I bought this game on good faith, since I liked Stanley's Parabel. This game is nothing like it.Not to go too much into it, but it is a documentary about a friend of the developer. As you should think it could be interesting to have an interactive documentary. You could not be more wrong.It is a mess barely hold together by a narrative that is not funny, the great strength of Stanley, it isnt witty, it doesnt give you anything.Instead you get unfinished levels with a voiceover by the Stanleyguy, rowed behind each other with little to do except to experience them, and the deep thoughts that the narrator wants to convince you must have gone into making it. While it's mostly a genuine narration, especially in the epilogue it could not be a worse, read-what-is-in-the-script performance and you realize,"" oh my god. all of this was just a stupid act, they made it all up.""It feels like a scam and one that is badly done. It exploits the viewer for what I call a selfish and sinister reason, that I dont want to go into cause spoilers. It tells a story that isn't interisting, not funny, not complex and doesn't connect with the viewer emotianlly. Meanwhile the story is caught up in a mess, with the only way to make it make sense is to be as vague as can be, while luring people into filling the holes themselves, to protect it from any critcism.It's a waste of time and money, to play this, since ultimately there is nothing to get out of it."
76561198260730931,Recommended,303210,21032903,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pisces.Kelsey,"Without giving too much away, this is a very nice game that's built on a fictional game creator and a culmination of his life's work. It's very introspective, and you feel like you get really attatched to the narrator and the game creator. It's not as funny as something like ""The Stanley Parable,"" but it's just as enjoyable. Highly reccomended."
76561198079624313,Recommended,303210,21015295,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,KappieTau,"This will be short, as I cannot clear my head at the moment. As someone who has battled with depression and isolation, this game...really hit me hard. Wanting someone to talk to, wanting to feel validation...I wanted all of it. But I never got it. Until 6 months ago. Things turned around for the better and I'm slowly getting back to my former self. I thank the developer of this compilation and the developer of the games that made it possible. Thank you for visualizing what I and many other people face every day, even if you never intended to.Get this game. Just get it. Play it. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,21016955,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,wardy2424,"Normally I would not make a review for any game I played. Anything said has likely been said before and my opinion should not carry much weight, even if in just making a small purchase of a game that will take you less than 2 hours to finish. For this one though, it doesn't matter. To me this game absolutely solidified just how much of a powerful artistic medium video games can be, and truly gave some insight into the ever interesting human psyche. It essentially left me speechless."
76561198133221721,Recommended,303210,20691114,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,cellohero,"If you want to know what depression is like, a true, honest depiction, play this game. Finishing in one sitting is recommended."
76561197968680008,Recommended,303210,18388145,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GoatMasterUK,I'm with the majority of people here - I expected something resembling Stanley Parable. I feel like I've found where some inspiration came from.
,Recommended,303210,18384091,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jens,"That was probably the best 84 minutes I've spent in a very long time. What an experience. It really resonated with me, I could see myself in both the ""main characters"". I felt a variety of feelings.I fully recommend this to anyone that likes engaging stories and pressing the W key.No really, there's a lot of holding down the W key, not that it's a bad thing. The walking simulator tag is there for a reason."
,Recommended,303210,18388299,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,om_desta,Absolutely amazing. loved it.
,Recommended,303210,18388323,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jake Bornheimer,"I thought it was fantastic, and it left me lots to think about. Buy it, play it, and evaluate for yourself."
,Recommended,303210,18388427,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Turbo Lover,Very unique experience. Grab a beer and walk it through.
,Recommended,303210,30422131,Posted: 10 March,all,LaurelinQ,I don't remember signing up for this feels trip.
76561198167228070,Recommended,303210,30270917,Posted: 1 March,all,mdgcreeper,"If you were expecting a thrilling action shooter or something, well... *singing* ""turrrrn baaaaaaack"".  Gameplay-wise there isn't much.  You walk around exploring unfinished games made by the Davey's friend ""Coda"".  Occasionally there are some dialouge sequences and simple puzzles.  There's one part where you have to clean a house even.  For some reason that particular moment hit me very personally.  This game is a true work of art.  You spend time unravelling the thoughts and feelings of Coda through these games and with the help of Davey the narrator.  It tells a very emotional story about loneliness, game development, anxiety, deppression, friendship, and misunderstanding.  If you like games that tug on your heart strings and ask you to think a little deeper about their narrative and meaning, then this game is for you. So if that sounds like your cup of tea, then what are you waiting for?  It's time for you to expierience the Begginer's Guide!"
76561198047903481,Recommended,303210,23007529,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,A Friendly Book Dragon,I would really reccomend this game because It really got me thinking days after I've played it. Not much replayability but still an amazing game!!!
,Recommended,303210,23122342,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Blizzard,"I really like the types of games where it leads you into a story, rather than achieving an objective. For me personally, I would rate this game 10/10. Hope to see more games like this in the future."
76561197993760156,Recommended,303210,23018428,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Aspekt,Wow - really powerful.I don't really know what else there is to say about it other than I'd strongly recommend this as an interactive movie; as a unique experience. I can't remember the last time I've teared up but this really pushes some emotional buttons.
,Not Recommended,303210,20865978,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mr_Ward,"The short answer for my down vote is what I got for the price left me feeling cheated and dissapointed. You can read on for a more in depth review.This game If you can even call it that was for me at least a let down. I supose I myself am partly to blame since I purchased this title under the impression that it would be getting some thing at least as interesting as The Stanley Parable regardless of the many reviews that mention this game is not like TSP at all. In the end it left me feeling a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I payed $10 dollars for something that I could have just watched a play through of for free and experienced all it has to offer. It is very linear, short, boring, and has really no reason to come back for multiple runs. Which is much the opposite to a game like The Stanley Pariable. Also Considering the description makes a point to inform you that the dev who made The Begginers Guide was involved in the making of The Stanley Parable. Makes me feel like the dev used that info as a way to sell this product knowing that people who played TSP would have certain expectations going into this ""game"" and like me would be willing to pay the $10 for something that can be completed in less time then most movies and other indie games on the notion that the price and lack of content would be out weighed by a unique and interesting experience. Unforchanetly for me this was not the case. Personally I would advise anyone thinking about buying this to avoid the hype and if you want to check it out just find a play through of the game with no commentary to watch. I promise you will thank me. The reason I say this is because there are no hidden things to discover and the few times you do have choices they come in the form of dialog options that don't effect the way the game plays out what so ever. the only good thing I can say for it is that it does have some mystery to the story being told that will cause you to think and question the game aswell as yourself, but ends without really delivering on any of the aspects that make it interesting. To me that isn't a good way to tell a story, and seems like the game wants you to feel like its trying to express some deeper meaning or metaphor without ever delivering. I really don't think anymore needs to be said about this game."
76561198009963060,Not Recommended,303210,21126356,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Light ßlind,Not worth 10$I'm not really sure if I should blame myself for not knowing what I should have suspected.Everyone is different and enjoys different things. The Dev would probably get fulfillment from doing charity work or something similar; this was over dramatic.
,Recommended,303210,21127583,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,mrdelish,"For better or worse, this is video game art. It's as self-absorbed and pretentious as some reviews say it is and I love it."
,Recommended,303210,21136623,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,GamerDanUK,"The Beginner's Guide is the latest follow up game from the team that brought you The Stanley Parable. While that game was all about choice and he reactions those choices gave you, this game takes on one of the most difficult challenges which many games fail or don't even try to hit, emotion.It is impossible to describe the emotional power this game can hold over you. The story of two people who meet and grew a friendship on the love of designing games you would think would make a dull subject, but this game and its narration takes you on a whirlwind of emotions. I wont say how or why, but I will say this is a game you have to play with no distractions in one sitting.Take your time and explore the worlds before you. Listen to every word said, read every line. Play for the story and you will enjoy the experience this game gives you as much as I did, a must play!"
76561198024238662,Recommended,303210,21136624,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Badeye,"Should you buy this game? Yes. Stop right here and buy it, you'll get the best expierence of it if you do not watch any trailers, walkthroughs or reviews. ""The Beginenrs Guide"" will leave you somewhat unsettled and uncomfortable, you are about to take on an emotional ride that holds up a mirror and reflects your most inner fears and struggles."
76561198066682216,Recommended,303210,21136906,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,S.Friendship,"mie money!!! i say this becouse this game is 10 euros, and becouse it is actually a personal messige to that dude we dont get. thay shoud have made it free so more peaple would like it and that the messige quicker come to that person. BUT if this is a fake made up story i dont mind buying it but wait untul the steam sale, so you can buy it for 2 euros and have a lovely story to listern/walk throug. i recement this game when the sales are here!!!"
76561197995242003,Recommended,303210,21139495,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Grandmaster of Butt Commerce,"Being a creator of anything is hard, whether it's for a hobby, out of a desire to make others happy or a desire to see validation from others through your work. The Beginner's Guide really spoke to me on a very deep level, even as I write this review I am almost at a loss for words as to what to say on it's behalf. Several times and even now, my throat is choking up, and my mind is in a thought induced coma for lack of a better term. Never have I played anything this thought provoking that spoke to me as someone who tries to entertain others for a living.This isn't going to be like the Stanley Parable, this isn't going to be anything that you've experienced before, but I whole-heartily recommend this to anyone who makes *anything*."
76561198086407430,Recommended,303210,21201296,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Random Chance,no comment must play!
,Recommended,303210,22230429,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,melgna,"Rarely do I consider a game close to the way heavy and depressing literature feels, but you got me this time, buddy."
76561198257381205,Recommended,303210,22229217,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Azaloré,"Beautiful, in the sense that it captures what it is to be human.We don't understand ourselves fully, so how are we to understand even the majority of another person? We can be as empathic as humanly possible, but this still is never enough.I recommend with confidence, that you purchase this item, as it paints a picture so perfectly, that you will not be able to comprehend clearly this creation. You will be left questioning."
76561198070377230,Not Recommended,303210,22278611,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sloth Gaggle,"I felt that this game was focused on story, but had no no real story. Sure, things happen, and they are connected chronologically, but nothing really happens. You just go through these relatively boring games and get told about how depressing the narrator's relationship with his friend was. In my opinion there is nothing worthwhile in that."
,Recommended,303210,22276099,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Phygar,
76561198088956860,Recommended,303210,21361923,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gabvetica,"This game is hauntingly beautiful. It delves deep into someone's thoughts, fears and insecurities and after playing it, you're left feeling like you've seen something that cannot be unseen or unfelt.Definitely play this game. There are no secrets, no jump scares, no tricks. Just explore."
,Recommended,303210,21319783,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GrimTalin,"As a game developer, this game f#$%ed me up. The search for validation, the episodes of loneliness and depression, the sense of being lost, of not finding the drive to keep creating.. I've felt them all. And for the game to represent some of those feelings so well through its levels, that is a work of art. It doesn't matter if it's fiction or not, it just resonated with me on a really personal level. I definitely recommend it to creative people."
76561198124356207,Recommended,303210,21314389,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,rossj,Interesting!
76561198047481357,Not Recommended,303210,21564832,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,༼ つ◕_◕༽つEl Abrazador,"This game is just artsy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,there are other negative reviews that you can read to expand on this.I  asking for a refund."
76561198130822710,Not Recommended,303210,21565232,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rxcloutier,There is a slight spoiler in this review thogh I have tryed my best no to give too much away. If you don't care then read on.Beginer's Guide is bacicly like a tour through the maker's relationship with his friend. If you think it's like the stanly parable I'll just tell you now it's not. It's the sort of game ... story that leaves you very depressed afterward. I respect him for trying to fix his relationship with his friend but I'd rather not have paid for it if I knew before hand. Buy it if you want but those are my thoughts.
,Recommended,303210,21477234,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Anathema,When I watch Movies or play video games I dont get a feeling that lastest more than a few seconds after. This made me feel something.
,Recommended,303210,21477359,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,BoxOfFaces,"Good? Aboslutely. The Stanely Parable? Not even close.I don't want to say naything baout the game. It's best expeirenced blind. But, I do want to mention that, while this is made by the creator of The Stanely Parable, it is NOT The Stanely Parable 2 in any shape or form. If you're expecting that same witty narration and branches in story, you'll be dissapointed. But if you're open, eager and excited for an interesting game-based narritive expeirence, it's worth it. Don't read anything about it - like I said, go in blind for best results. But deffinetely give it a shot if you're interested."
,Not Recommended,303210,21553171,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,vanatik,"After playing, i'm feeling depressed. And i'm a happy person most of the time.It's an interesting insight on a characters self, a piece of art.Very melodramatic. Very deep. It causes a feeling of solitude, wrecking my serenity.I like the idea behind this narrative. I respect the creative evolution. I know - it's an indie game, right? But I, for my part, would have been better off spending my time and money on another title. Graphics are sadly poor as well. Gloomy atmosphere all over. I'm sure there are people out there, that like these emotions the game sets. However, I am sorry - no recommendation from my side."
76561198006255229,Recommended,303210,21606011,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,POPE [GER],"I purchades this game for 8€ and it was definately worth that money.But for some reason i did not really enjoy playing it.It most probably was just a bit too philosophic for my current state of mind.Its more like a journey through the developers mind than a real game. Art, somehow."
,Recommended,303210,21608393,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,lukewarm cup of water,"A unique collection. I was expecting a good narrative, but recieved so much more instead. Even if you only play this game once, please consider taking the time to witness a deep examination of how creativity, passion, and work can be presented in the mind of a human. Rather short, but just enough to send out a compelling message. Highly recommended 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,21557151,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stella Custos,I spent an hour crying alone in my room after finishing10/10
76561198025196747,Recommended,303210,21556859,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,floor_mattt,"This game has the least gameplay out of any of games I have played before, but it still found a way to tell the most emotional, and engaging story. Don't watch any Lets Plays, or look up anything on it, just get it."
76561198243400928,Recommended,303210,21589465,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,bibianab10,"This game made me feel happy, then sad, then happy again, and then confused, and then scared, and then sad and- ah heck just buy the game already. It's totally worth it."
76561198086243495,Not Recommended,303210,21516128,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Scooter,"***CONTAINS SOME INDIRECT SPOILERS***It is art (just not very good art). Whether its story is true or fiction, following an artist's arc with a medium has to be more interesting.  Staring at parts of projects and doodles isn't fun when the story is more meta than substance. It was impossible to relate to the characters or lack thereof and that struggle was crystalized when we come to the conclusion that ""oh... the premise is that these non-games, 'interactive' scenes aren't really for us...""  Its biggest sin story-wise is that it didn't have the balls to even attempt to get to the 'why' - I understand the creative process is the hero and villian here, the elixor, bomb and princess - but give us something to sink our teeth into. So then I blink, it's over, I try to think about it a bit more and conclude by comparing the experience to the finished products of artists who want my attention and money, or refuse to pretend like they don't, and realize I just wasted mine.With an art projectic, you have no right to complain about bugs - bugs are part of it, of course. But this lack of artist ownership is a new low.  What's worse, it plays on the 'found art' idea meaning no one is responsible, certainly not the publisher of this. And who am I to judge - this whole thing isn't even for me according to the storyline.  All this helps me not care, which is the opposite of what I want in a linear story-only, non-puzzle, puzzle walker-thingy.  The more I think about this even being real or a real re-creation, the less I like that they are charging so much for it, quite frankly.  Then, if it's entirely fiction, it's just a con job of an art project to justify shotty production and the disturbing sucking sound of the complete vaccuum of idea or narrative whatsoever.""From the creator of 'The Standley Parable'""(which I love btw - and why I bought TBG to... begin with). So lemme think... Is TBG awkward and weird? Sure.  But it's so much more depressing than exciting and pales in comparison to the relationship established with an aware narrator instead of the oppose.  I know if you put 'prison simulator' on the description that's a bit of a spoiler, but that's perhaps better than 'The Standley Parable... without choices.'  If it's a prequel to TSP, then it should have said so, maybe that would have helped?I probably have no right to put out a negative review as I wasn't the invited party to review this by its creator but then again Wreden has no right to make money on any of this unless Coda is an imaginary friend... blah, blah, blah... if you even slightly care about where that rambling guilt-tripy evaluation of art, artist and audience might be going then maybe you will like the game.  I just get sick of non-sense rather easily.  In fact, I'm not even slightly interested in clicking on 'Community' to investigate if Coda is real or not... I just don't care.I don't want to be a voyuer, not in a trippy retelling of a personal mope-fest nor even in a bad comedy bit.  And so I got my money back - but never the hour and a half."
76561197970378300,Recommended,303210,21532272,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TRiCERACOP,A narrative high-mark in gaming history. Davey Wreden shows how games not only can be a narrative platform but how games and gamemaking make for excellet stories while also exploring the complexity of judging a creator by his/her work instead of focusing on yourself while traversing the created. Excellent experience.
,Recommended,303210,21530536,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DogShep,Thank you for sharing.Go play it... or more appropriately... experience it.
,Recommended,303210,21538704,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pkrazy.gov,The Beginner's Guide left me without words... wow. It his you hard in the feels or your money back.
76561198018388418,Recommended,303210,21532665,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,_theBug,"Wow. This game blew me away. I'm not usually impressed by games like these but this has a special spark to it. You can complete it in just a few hours tops, and it's not exactly challenging in a 'puzzling' sense, but it really makes you think and really brings out an emotive response. Play it in headphones with no distractions if you can, and complete it in one go. There's no real story arch.. no real objective.. just a series of maps you navigate through with a narrator, and all will become clear. I'll have to play this over again I think. Very enjoyable, very thought-provoking, very emotive, definitely worth it."
76561198116690675,Recommended,303210,20009759,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,shawjw,"In all likelihood I will need to undergo repairtive neurosurgery, because I believe that this game just broke my mind. In a strangely good way, though."
76561198040419565,Recommended,303210,20009878,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gus,"Definitely an interesting and well-executed diversion. Worth playing as a demonstration of the potential that video games have for narrative and creativity, especially through use of symbolic environments and actions. Also provides an interesting metatextual perspective on the creator's previous work The Stanley Parable and on other works, video games or not, that leave themes and messages open to interpretation.That said, I do not feel that the amount of content in this game justifies the ten-dollar price tag. Playing through it twice takes at most three or four hours, which is pretty short for something that costs as much. Would advise any who are interested to wait until the game is on sale."
76561198200749658,Recommended,303210,20007826,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,davida9202,This game is too good to deserve a rating or a review.
76561198096369198,Not Recommended,303210,20007985,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ELGatoGamer,"This game is not as good as the stanly parable. Its not as free. The stanley parable had many options and funny dialouges and just so many different endings. the beginners guide doesnt touch you as much as the stanley parable. Its just not as good as it. it was kind of a waste of money. it didnt make me feel many emotions, like the stanley parable did. it was too short. I know there are a lot of positive reviews, but i guess some people just are satisfied with the game. I do not recommend this game dont waste your money."
,Recommended,303210,20005654,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Benny,I mean its not like this game made me cry or anything... But really this game is truly amazing no matter who you are or what you do it will give you the feels.
,Recommended,303210,20005772,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zawie,"I legitly almost cried. This is such a great story, thought it's less of a video game and more of an interactive movie; I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,303210,20010661,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nilo Cortex,An incredibly heartfelt and open narrative exploring the hard to understand fraility of the human experience and dealing with others.10/10 100%
76561197988590192,Recommended,303210,20008245,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Baloolax,Stop reading reviews and just buy this game.Don't google about it. Don't watch a youtube video about it.This game deserves nothing less than your time and your own personal experience of it.
,Recommended,303210,20008303,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[Cat Squad] Sonic12o3,It is a very nice game that makes you think about yourself and others in different ways. If you are a pschyology student then you will enjoy this a lot. In all it is a game that makes you question the way you see things and what is wrong and right. I reccomend it.
76561197964181728,Not Recommended,303210,20061446,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Shwifty Time,"Honestly.... it wasn't a bad game, I enjoyed walking through the partially completed works and seeing what this guys was into and what not, but to be honest I just couldn't deal with this game twords the end. Seriously, as I reached the last 15-20 minutes of the game, I started getting the sense that this guy who's narrorating the game has some serious issues and needs to seek out some professional help or something. And I didn't get any closure in the end, I was just.... Left to figure out wtf happens after this?? But anyways not to beat on the game, it wasn't bad, but the ending really is what ruined the experience for me.  If the game is on sale, then get it if you're looking for something new and a bit interesting to play. it's worth $5.00, maybe even $7.00, but I wouldn't buy it for more."
,Recommended,303210,20063559,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lt.Krunch,"There aren't many games out there that we can honestly say will force you into some serious self-reflection, this isn't just one of those games, it is THE game that will make you feel, think and reflect on yourself as a person. Highly recommended."
76561198173472274,Recommended,303210,20055256,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,marty51514,"A game that makes you think. Makes you think about others, yourself, and the world around us. I loved playing this game and was engrossed from start to finished. Clocked in at exactly 100 minutes. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,303210,20057873,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Periwinkle,I haven't felt an emotional connection to a game so deeply before. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for something like that.
,Recommended,303210,20057989,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Kino,Quick psychological endeavor through the mind of a game developer and the little voice in your head.  Sometimes the fish is just a fish.
,Recommended,303210,20096190,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DARKANGELFALL,"Just buy, you won't regret it."
76561198085803083,Recommended,303210,23834684,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AitchEmTee,"If you are a creator of any type, play this game."
,Recommended,303210,22405828,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,.#CAPTAIN_CAPSLOCK?!11,"A playable experiment, toughtful and deep. Short playthrough lenght, long lasting effect."
,Recommended,303210,22295830,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ohno,"can't say whether i like this game or not, but.. it should be played."
,Recommended,303210,22378816,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Vildar,"Being a fan of the stanley parable i had to try this game out, and i was not expecting that at all !If you wanted a sort of sequel to the stanley parable then it won't be the game for you, however if you want a short game with a story that gets you, then go ahead, but you should probably wait for the steam sale though.I personnaly enjoyed it, but i can understand that some people dislike this game.Though be aware that it's more of an experience or an interactive movie than a game."
,Recommended,303210,22367325,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MispelledRebel,"One of the strangest puzzle minigame experiences i have ever had. Yes i do call it an experience because its not just a game. There is a story that is depressing, self reflecting, confusing and most of all interesting to follow. The minigames are somewhat lacking but as they are explained in the game by the narrator they make complete sense and are perfect. I understand that many people would see it as confusing, boring, or just dumb but for those of us that have traveled don this rabbit hole, it can be quite comfortable."
76561198007301844,Recommended,303210,20908884,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Thanatopsis,"This is a walking simulator, not a game, but the description is very up-front about it being nothing more than a 90-minute story, but it is quite a good story.  It is not as funny or clever as The Stanley Parable, and not as profound as it is pretentious, but the narrative is interesting, thought-provoking, and emotional, despite the fact that it is hardly more than some scenery and set pieces.  It is a bit philosophical in that it poses some questions but doesn't really supply any answers.  If that bothers you, you might be disappointed.People gladly pay $20 for a 90-minute movie.  I'd say this interactive narrative is definitely worth $5, although I personally thought $10 was still a bargain, even though it doesn't have much replay value.  Still, I'm sure I will run through it again, maybe with a friend or two.In a sea of shoddy walking simulators like Dear Esther and Gone Home, it is nice to know there are some intelligent gems like this out there, even if they are still a little rough around the edges."
76561197994795120,Recommended,303210,22340754,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,VidNinja,"An hour and a half long walking tour through the thought process of the mind behind The Stanley Parable. Absolutely no replay value and not really all that much traditional gameplay, the experience amounts mostly to be lead by the nose through some rudimentary video game builds while listening to the audio diary explain a lot of the ""whys"" behind some of the designs.Despite all that, the game touches on some powerful themes and concepts in a way very little other mediums can. You may only play this ""game"" once, but you will only NEED to play it once."
,Recommended,303210,22344164,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Voodoo Dragon,Art
,Recommended,303210,22352389,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,thatdarnchelsey,"This game gave me goosebumps every couple of minutes. It's meta. It's interesting. It'll stay with you.It's hard to say anything about it without ruining it, though. When I watched the trailer (I'm a fan of TSP), I knew I wanted to check it out. When the game started, being.. nothing like the trailer, I wasn't surprised, but was a little disappointed. I thought it was going to be something that, it just isn't.Anyways. Play it if you want to go down that rabbit hole. It's a good rabbit hole."
,Recommended,303210,22364006,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Major_Macaroni,this game is fantastic. its like a movie. dont just watch a video buy the damn thing
,Recommended,303210,30644660,Posted: 20 March,all,New Yorker,"This game is amazing, I don't normally review games but this is a gem and should absolutely be played be everybody."
,Recommended,303210,22536591,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SoUnDoLe,Don't read a single review on the offchance you see a spoiler. Go in with an open mind and prepare to be impressed at the sort of stories games can tell.
76561198292766975,Recommended,303210,22485416,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Giantripod,"Loved it. Beautiful and sad. Games are art , and this is a great example of that. May not be everyone's cup of tea, more for the thinkers than the fraggers. I really loved the closing song."
,Recommended,303210,30761588,Posted: 26 March,all,Cornelia Xaos,Purchasing this game is like buying a bottle of feels..  Strange feels... happy at first.. and then as you understand more it becomes bittersweet..  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,303210,18430123,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,DisasterMaster,"First things first:This is not likeThe Stanley Parable!This game was made by the same developer asThe Stanley Parable, but don´t expect to get another funny or absurd experience like that.Instead,The Beginner´s Guideis a emotional trip through various video game consepts. The actual experience isn´t the game itself but the backstory and the relationship between the narrator (developer himself) and a close friend of his who made these video game consepts. (True story? No idea.)There´s not much to say about the game. You need to play it yourself. Just likeThe Stanley Parable,The Beginner´s Guidedoesn´t follow the normal rules of video games.Because of that, this game is not meant for hardcore gamers or for action seekers. There are not objectives to do. For a length of an hour or two, think it as a pricy art exhibition.If you´re interested in video games as art, this may just be for you. Otherwise, skip it!"
76561198006606021,Recommended,303210,22512094,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,twinx_dragon,Wow... just wow.
76561198068579878,Recommended,303210,22490338,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mexztah,"If I could give a neutral review I would, this is not so much a game as it is an interactive story that builds on the idea of games being less about gameplay and more about a emotional narritive and telling a story to the player.It certainly got me pretty good though, unless a fan of The Stanley Parable et al, I might wait for it to come on sale as I do feel £7 is a bit much"
,Recommended,303210,22727483,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,FINE,"This game... First time i have shed a tear in a videogame i think. This game is just... I played it an hour ago, and i still have no words, im breathless... Its going to take some time to recover after this one... Possibly the best thing i have seen in a long time"
,Recommended,303210,20098797,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rek1aimer,I wasn't really sure what to expect out of this game but I'm very glad I bought it and played. This game is extremely introspective and really dives into personal feelings that you didn't think it would. Give it a try.
,Recommended,303210,20098907,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,yes actually,10/10 - Would try to understand again
76561198011270217,Recommended,303210,20100893,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,StarStrung,After an hour and a half I was in tears.10/10 would feel again.
76561198074178563,Recommended,303210,20101334,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,toast,This game was a beautiful and emmotional experience for me. Tears were shed. 10/10 game
,Recommended,303210,20101554,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pandamonium,First and foremost this was an amazing game but not for the reasons you would normally expect.This games story messed with my head so much it was such a great story that you had no idea wether it was real or not and that coupled with the feelings you get throughout the game just made for one big mind♥♥♥♥ it was so captivating that it kept me thinking about the game for days after trying to see if it could be interpretted different ways and what the was the right way to interpret it was and that was when i figured out the real beauty of the game and thats even though it is someone elses story each and every person that plays the game has there own interpretation and views on it and for me thats what makes it stand above the rest. Its a great game and is truley worth everyones time and effort
76561198070991181,Recommended,303210,20122326,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jibolba@healthcare.gov,"I went into this game 13 years oldI came out 36 with a house, three kids, and crippling debt.Fantastic game."
76561197969703469,Recommended,303210,20120341,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mokono,"Oof. Not a big fan of ""walking stories"", but this one.. worked.It was funny and it was deep. I got myself deep enough that I had a strong parallel with my oldest friend. Made me want to say a lot of things.So it really worked."
76561198078528399,Recommended,303210,20120557,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☭,"It's great fun, innit?"
,Recommended,303210,20120686,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TahBahFah,Beautiful.
,Not Recommended,303210,20024910,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,NTRSKT,"This is the first game I used Steam Refund on.First off this game had issues starting. I had to add a .txt file to get this thing to actually start which should've been my sign to back away. But I really wanted to enjoy this so I fixed it.I had heard this was a great experience for creators. I knew this was a linear narrative. I was okay with that though so I bought it thinking I was going to love this game, and for a fair portion of it I did. Whether this narrative was real or not I felt emotionally connected to Coda.But the narrative shifts within the last 30 minutes of the game and destroys what made that experience great. Anyone who's played this likely knows what I'm referring to, but if you don't the focus shifts from Coda to the narrator and it destroys the narrative of the game which is the only thing this game really has. No longer connected to anyone, I simply finished the game, walked around my house trying to figure out how that just fell apart and decided to try to get a refund.Some people say its about the journey and not the destination but no one really remembers the drive to Disney World, and if this is the equivalent of a nice walk in the park, it ended with being pucnhed in the face which sort of ruins the rest of the experience. I've seen some interpretations about projecting meaning onto others' works, but early on it really seemed as if the author genuinely didn't want Coda to stop creating (I can say this with certainty because he says it) but devolves into something else and I went from wanting to tell everyone to experience this to telling everyone to avoid it which isn't as fulfilling as it may seem."
76561198054323730,Recommended,303210,20012818,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dodisbeaver,This game will not make you feel good. I loved it. Very difficult to explain what it is about.   10/10
,Recommended,303210,25337309,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eve,"This ""experience"" will make you think like no other."
,Recommended,303210,25306955,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,GreySpectrum,Sincere.A stranger's pain.It doesn't translate; it's a vainglorious fraud.You connect; it's a seering invitation.Crudely exquisite.
76561198253922028,Recommended,303210,30862364,Posted: 31 March,all,Doug Dimmadabstep,wondeful game. makes you think
76561198080299987,Recommended,303210,25320820,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hkuwana,The game 9/10The game inside the game 10/10The game inside the game that you didn't even know was even a game: priceless
,Recommended,303210,19344870,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TailGundham,"This is my new favorite game. And I'd like to make sure a few things first.1- This isn't like stanley parable, so don't expect something like that.2- I couldn't really find any note worthy gameplay element. So If I am being honest, watching a silet playtrough will probbly give you the same experience. If you are not into that sort of experience you should probbly stay away.3- I got bored playing this game.So you might be wondering why this game became my favorite, and honestly I can't quite put it into words but I'll say this was a unque experience I fell in love with. If by some rare case you have sjust the same tastes on games, pick this one up.P.S:I am sorry Coda"
,Recommended,303210,18355257,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Leifnarr,"Great game, but I'm not sure if it is a game. It's more an experience than a game. It certainly is a story, and a good one, but there's not many choices for you to be made - really. I do recommend it, but not if you expect a normal game. If you liked S.P. you're likely to enjoy this aswell, but it isn't like S.P."
76561198101793869,Recommended,303210,21657009,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,YouknowmeOG,All I am going to say is that this game has changed me and everyone should buy it. It would make our world a better one
,Recommended,303210,21688329,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,TrufflePig,"There isn't much I can say about ""The Beginner's Guide"" that would make it any more worthy than it already is. If you're a fan of Videogames or Literature/Storytelling in any regard, you should buy this game and see it through to ""completion""."
,Recommended,303210,21679221,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Relax,"I do recommend this game, but dont expect it to be like how others say it will be.  If you dont have any deep seeded issues then you wont really feel much.  This game will leave you thinking about it for about 30 minutes.  It certainly wont make you cry unless you can relate,  and its not really worth the money.  HOWEVER,  it was an enjoyable experience and i liked the way the story progressed.  Overall,  this can be a nice little adventure,  but just think about it first."
,Recommended,303210,21659178,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kedii-,"""Where did I screw up?""-made me cry, made me think, made me see things different."
,Recommended,303210,21641894,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Yeet,Felis is restore. I is hapy. God tanks are not jews
76561198045881269,Recommended,303210,20104521,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lambda,this was really a toss of events going one way and another. they really know how to pull at you from the inside
76561198024089347,Recommended,303210,20105656,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mogie,"Though I beat this game in my current playtime I can say the story within this game is intriguing to me. I won't say too much so I don't spoil it, but it certanly pulls the player into it. The trailer on the page is not 100% accurate though since the video shows you clicking on random files to find things out, when the whole thing is narrated by the creator of the stanley parable. Regardless I would suggest this game to anyone who enjoys a good narative game!"
,Recommended,303210,20106197,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,rookusmaximus,"Stop.  If you like looking into the heart of creation and creativity, buy this game right now.  No... seriously.  I know you may be tempted to watch a Let's Play, or spoil it in some other way, but do not.Just buy this game and experience it first hand.  It is not an exceptionally long game, but it will stay with you long after you complete it.10/10 would have my inner soul torn apart again."
76561198225499828,Recommended,303210,20103120,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Esryn Shudder,"Totally unique game, I am left with so many questions and am left very emotional about this game, This is not a game that you can complete through simply a beating of an objective, it is an emotional rollercoaster. It cannot be explained through these reviews and needs to be lived through your experience.I would advise having at least two boxes of tissues and a pillow"
,Recommended,303210,20103296,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Elephantana,This game is....well....Its something that digs deep and makes you think. I don't know if the narrators story is true or not but it takes you on a journey. It makes you think about yourself. It opens the door to someone elses mind in an unexpected way and makes you want to reach out to them. This game is humbling. This game makes you feel.This is more than just a game.Yet it is just a game.But I promise it will stay with you for a good long time.  You wont shake this one easily.
,Not Recommended,303210,20105102,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jackooos,You made this?...I made this.
,Recommended,303210,20636191,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SparkyKnows,Holy crap never has a game like this ever come across me before. This took me on an emotional journey that i was not ready for. If your looking for a game that will tear you open and make you feel i reccomend this. 10/10
76561198111697179,Recommended,303210,20636394,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Keyboard+Mouse,"If you've ever tried to create something, this is absolutely worth your time.It hit me pretty hard."
,Recommended,303210,20617841,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Silverwing96,"I just finished playing this game....and no game has ever made me feel such a range of emotion and feeling. Curiousity, puzzlement, awe, worry, sadness, depression, isolation, hope, lonliness, despair, wonder, and some indescribable feeling I may never be able to properly express.I sit here feeling as though I've gone through something so much more than myself. I've gone through a journey I didn't even know I needed or wanted. I'm still in shock. Nothing seems real and yet everything does."
76561197979443460,Recommended,303210,20616726,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Pizzaman,"And they say that ""videogames aren't art""..."
76561198009126803,Recommended,303210,20614749,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lotzophun,An emotional roller coaster worth riding.
,Recommended,303210,20664757,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LuBox [|LAZERCOX|],nice story game really moved me inside :D
,Recommended,303210,20651676,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bopsta,yup
,Recommended,303210,20651718,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Zarro,Fascinating game. I thoroughly enjoyed playing it. Only about an hour and a half long and you can easily call it a walking simulator are the main points against it. If however you like the idea of walking around an being told an interesting and engaging story aboutfriendship and perceptionthen you shouldn't miss it. Its from the guy who made The Stanley Parable but its not a case of if you like that you'll like this. There's little if any comedy in this game but what they do share is a nonstandard way of telling stories. A+
76561198253651896,Recommended,303210,20661156,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,frazzels312,Very strange but a great story. Thoroughly enjoyed playing it!
,Recommended,303210,24302815,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,<{AvP}>Papyrus,"I... I, dont even know; its amazing, while at the same time..... sad."
76561198060754603,Recommended,303210,24327310,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The High Ground,Speechless.
,Recommended,303210,24263049,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nicodemus,Short but gold
,Recommended,303210,24181445,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[CALC] LittleBigGayMan,"SPOILER WARNINGWow. Just wow. This game is amazing, it is an experience wherein i felt that i knew what was going on throughout the entire game, i felt like i knew who Coda was and i felt like i knew who Davey was, i was sitting silently back up until we got some interaction from Coda where he talked about Davey i loudly gasped because it really took me by surprise. I had been lied to the entire game about who Coda was and the part that ♥♥♥♥ed me up worse is how Davey knew this the entire time and still lied to us. He didnt just lie to us by talking about how Coda had been sucked into depression but one of the things that i liked the most about it, the lamp posts, Davey had edited things into Codas games to prove his point and it just shocked me how a person i had put all my trust into and relied on to tell me the truth had manipulated with me.This game is amazing and totally worth every dollar and every minute you put into it."
76561198050772318,Recommended,303210,24141896,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PinkBear101,"When I got this my first thought was, ""This'll be interesting""... But I had to have gotten 2 minutes into the game to sense that this game really would be ""interesting"".It had so much in it I didn't expect. However, that's not a bad thing.It was really something..."
,Recommended,303210,24132846,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Endornaut,"I am not really sure whether I should recommend this 'game' or not, so just to be positive I'll recommend it.It's simply an experience, a bizarre journey. Don't expect actual gameplay. It seems to be an artwork.If you like listening to stories, go ahead. 7.4/10**Comments Containing Spoilers Below**The experience was actually refreshing at first, but after a while it made me depressive a bit. I don't believe Coda is real, but I'm not really sure what to think either... It was confusing, but it had a different taste. I feel unsatisfied, but I can't really request a refund for this reason. It's really strange."
76561198087870661,Recommended,303210,20914521,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jacky Tuning,That game was such a very good game
,Recommended,303210,20903133,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,aesthetic,"I never play deep and meaningful games. I don't play games with out action usually. But then I came across this and just bought it for no real reason except I saw it was made by the Stanley Parable dude. I completed The Beginner's Guide from start to finish in 90 minutes. Not because I had to because I bought it, it was because I WANTED to. The ending to this game left me, confused, in a way. I wanted to know more, I had too many questions, and to be honest, that's what makes a game good. Somewhat fulfulling, but with questions still remaining unanswered. I'd recommend this game to anyone who has 90 minutes just to sit down, relax, and dive into a great game."
,Recommended,303210,20915822,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ducksarecool2,such a power full messige of how your riomfs could be your down fall
,Recommended,303210,20916248,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Morty Smith,"Really fascinating little game. Well, if it could be called that, as there is not much gameplay.It's pretty much a walking simulator, but a very interesting and surprising one.The environments are gorgeous."
,Recommended,303210,20880986,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Vayl ♥,It's funny how a couple hours of gameplay will keep you thinking for days.
,Recommended,303210,20918056,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Spacedick,Wow. Simply amazing story telling.
,Recommended,303210,20923170,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,なに が でる か な,"the quality of the content is great, but there's not a large quantity. about an hour and a half is all it takes to finish the game but man will you enjoy the time spent.  you might want to wait for a sale, but it's an experience i'd recommend to everyone."
76561198274266952,Recommended,303210,20923868,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Black tar heroin,"I dont do reviews, but i have to make an exception. This game is so powerful. This game doesnt make you cry persay, but it really makes you think. This game is so unique there is such little to say that can relate. You just have to play it."
76561198001815447,Recommended,303210,20676894,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TrianguloY,"This is a no-spoiler comment to tell you whether I think you will or won't probably like The Beginners's Guide.If you are a 'creator', this is, you create things like paintings, music, texts, videos, games, applications, whatever, that you show to other persons; then you will probably like this game. And if you create games I personally recommend you to play it.On the other hand if you don't fall in the previous description and you are just a person that study/work, go out with friends and/or play games; then you probably won't like it.The following is a one-sentence summary of the game, what it is about. Some might consider it a spoiler, although a little one, so just in case I'll put it in a spoiler tag. It explains the reason of this comment.This is a narration about the 'creator's block'. If you ever experience it, you will empathise with the narration."
,Recommended,303210,20681791,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[fiи]minipasila,If you are going to play this game then go buy it and don't check any trailers or gameplay videos of this game.
,Recommended,303210,20709739,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,OnlyMarlow,"This game is not worth $10. Do not get me wrong this game is good, but it is a game you would only play once and be done with. In my opinion you should just watch a playthrough on youtube."
76561198045631624,Recommended,303210,21220979,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tsorrel,"So many people have already said this, but this game moved me to places I was unaware of within myself. It needs to be played."
,Recommended,303210,21245106,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,A_Girl_has_no_Name,":( Made me cry.Many people are commenting that it is a emo, stupid game. It's not, it shows how one guy copes with his mental problems which are real. Mental illnesses are real."
76561198009798031,Recommended,303210,18388534,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Clown Vomit くそ,"If you've ever felt depressed, this game is therapy.Except it's cheaper.Probably more effective too."
76561198271318010,Recommended,303210,21330223,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,isaac,pls play this game thank
76561198169286515,Recommended,303210,21293595,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Captain Potato,I would recomment this to basically anyone who has seen or experienced mental illness. This will completly give you a new out look. And never assume...
76561198069732968,Recommended,303210,21222122,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Metal Gear?,"A interesting game that I would recommend picking up on sale. It is one that is more interesting to talk and discuss, rather than actually play. This story is about the concept, rather than the actual game. It is only about a hour and a half long, so keep that in mind while buying it. I would recommend sharing and talking about it with others."
76561198170184994,Not Recommended,303210,21218573,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SRW1985,The game simply doesn't start up for me. Tried the -windowed fix and that didn't work. Can't try setting 0 AA because there isn't a video.txt file in my cfg folder. Tried reinstalling but no different. Requesting a ferund.
,Recommended,303210,21222883,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,um,"A very powerful experience about not just game dev, but ultimately, introspection."
76561198032830231,Recommended,303210,21226595,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,fleetmastereddie,"I don't know this person. But I know the nature of him, I will spiral into cages and endless hallways built in my own mind to punish myself for the crimes of simply tihinking too much. I don't know this person, I know not how he will react. But I know his mind is a beautiful hellish realm to be trapped in. I hope he can understand the cries of a creature that needs his attention. I have three myself.This is not a game. But it is worth every cent. You will not feel the same about yourself and those around you ever again. Please play this game not for the man that put it out, he isn't important. Play it for the man it is about, and you will feel pushed away, but if you are like me, you will find a very large amount of self truth. I saw so much of my own self entrapment it made me cry."
76561198185961647,Recommended,303210,21223782,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Nothing Has Birds,"Of course the creator of The Stanley Parable would put out another intelligently crafted game.Unlike The Stanley Parable, this game isn't funny.Like The Stanley Parable, this is a walking simulator. Because of that, it's not for anyone who wants a lot of action, puzzles, crafting, leveling up, or anything like that. In my experiences with walking simulators, you come for the story.The story gets off to a slow start, as some great stories do. Once it gets going, it gets wonderful and emotionally resonant.For me it clocked in at just under two hours. Is the $10 worth it?Well, would you pay $10 for a good movie?"
,Recommended,303210,22263812,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,woodsbob,"This game is an experience. It tells a story few will be able to understand fully due to its medium. With that being said, it is a beautiful piece of work. The soundtrack alone is moving in many ways. The emotional and psychological aspects of this experience is worth the play. Sit down, put on some headphones, and play through the game in its entirety."
,Not Recommended,303210,22184553,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,torokt21,"This game broke my heart. Really depressing, and i was left in my seat shocked and depressed after playing it. This game has the potential to scar someone for life. And I'm not even kidding.If you are emotionally stable, I recommend this game, but only then. Just take my word for it*SPOILER ALERT*If the game is not fake, and he didn't want others to see the game, you are a terrible person for uploading it to steam. Making it public made you the worst person alive. If the game is fake (which it probably is), you should really make it clear at some point. This is a drama i wasn't prepared for."
,Recommended,303210,22288901,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Postive Mental Attitude,Art.
76561198117948680,Recommended,303210,22300104,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CalicoKite,"I have finished this game completely (to my knowledge), and I'm still not entirely sure what to make of it. It certainly is not traditional, and it certainly made me feel a vortex of emotion the entire way through. The rest of this contain spoilers:At the very beginning, during the introductory level, when Davey said that this was to help his friend start making games again, being a rising game developer I felt very eager to play these minigaes and give very positive feedback to this Coda person because, in all honesty, I loved the charm in these games, especially the way Davey narrated the gameplay; it seemed very much like a person who really loved the work his friend did, and he really wanted to be supportive and show him he cares.As the game progressed, I started to fee that artists' block anxiety, and it felt heavy. It was very heavy until the housecleaning game which, to be entirely truthful, felt so beautiful and simple that at one point it made me cry.And nearing the end of the whole game, seeing the email at the end of the Tower, whoo-boy.And ascending above the endless maze, getting that supreme feeling of hopelessness, WHOO-boy...I would reccomend this game to anyone. I still am uncertain if Coda even exists, even though I would love to think this was a true tribute, but would hate to think a relationship was ruined; to be honest I'd rather remain uncertain.If not, Davey (once again) has made an extremely thought-provoking and overal stellar game.If you want to feel something, play this game."
76561198052284637,Recommended,303210,19204047,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Polynewa,"This is a game in which you walk through one strange mini world after another while being lectured to by some dude who's weirdly obsessed with lampposts. It's very artsy, perhaps trying too hard at times and becoming self-indulgent (debatable whether this is intended), but I had fun playing and discovering it anyway.If you dislike games in which your skills and actions are irrelevant (other than having to move to progress the plot), you probably won't like this one either. If you're hoping for something like Stanley Parable, be warned that The Beginner's Guide is linear, serious rather than funny and doesn't have choices/multiple endings.Pros:+ Atmosphere/Story: Pretty interesting ""plot"" that makes use of its medium in the sense that I feel like it would not work equally well as a book or audiobook.+ Exploration: You get to see and interact with lots of surreal places.+ Good Voice-Acting / SoundCons:- Really short (90 min for me, and I took my time), I might replay it once but in general there's probably not a lot replay value to it.- Walking Simulator: As mentioned above, you could watch someone else play it and see and hear exactly the same things.+/- Story: Definitely not everybody's cup of tea (check out some of the negative reviews for more details), but if what you have heard so far made you curious I would recommend trying it just for the unique experience."
,Recommended,303210,18992616,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Pant0don,"so wow, much feelings, many game"
,Recommended,303210,22274609,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,becomingINSANE,
,Recommended,303210,22152194,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,FemSpock,"Since beating The Beginner's Guide, I've read a ton of reviews and interpretations, curious to see how others were affected by the game, and here is where the genius (and hilarious irony) of the narrative hits hardest. I interpreted The Beginner's Guide as a statement about how appreciators of art, games, literature, and any other creative work look upon the creator instead of themselves. Instead of allowing the piece to affect them and perhaps alter their world view, viewers and critics use the piece to deconstruct the psychology of the creator, and then use it to squeeze out (and criticize) what they feel the creator's ""message"" is, despite not knowing the creator well enough at all to make any kind of assumptions about them.That is exactly what the majority of editorial reviewers did. They used this game to make assumptions about Davey Wreden, digging into his personal life and tying it to The Beginner's Guide to find ""the meaning.""Wreden created a powerful, interactive way to teach that lesson, likely knowing full well that the response would illustrate it further. Everyone interprets art differently, but critics rarely consider the effect their judgements about the creator's psychology or philosophies has on the creator. It's not a creator's job to explain the significance of the three dots. It's not your place to add lampposts. As a writer who also buries much of her work in folders instead of sharing it with others for fear of the same treatment, this game affected me significantly.Artists will experience this game very differently than critics. I consider The Beginner's Guide one of the most valuable narrative gaming experiences I've had in a very long time, so buy it. Play it. When you review it, remember: ""The fact that you think I am frustrated or broken says more about you than it does me."""
,Recommended,303210,22153204,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DAMN RATHER,You want games as art? This is it.
,Recommended,303210,22154141,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,✪ wormo,"Deep, thought provoking game. It asks a lot of questions and only gives a few answers. Definitely well worth an hour and a half of your time."
,Recommended,303210,22157020,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ROL-22465,I cant stop crying and i dont know why i hate this so much but i just need a hug and you shouldn't play this game if your head isn't on right
,Recommended,303210,22092314,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Penetranus,this game made me feel and think... a lot.
,Recommended,303210,22136204,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Impressively Mediocre,I cant stop thinking about this game its a quick play through but man does it hit you.Although the narrator seamed a little clingy
,Recommended,303210,22185224,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,/ kurp /,"the last chapter is so sad, got me in tears ;-;"
76561198058069071,Recommended,303210,22246790,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯HERKDERK¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"This game is a game that will make you think about it and wonder for 15 mins afterwards on why, why did it happen like it did and how many other people are just like that being isolated and the only escape is through making games. I love this game because it will make you cry if you think to much and i feel bad for the creator and i know he was trying to help but it wasnt in the right way. but in the end i honestly think this might be the best 15$ ive spent in a while it may not be a long story or action gun blazing game full of excitement but i mean everyone needs a break from those and this is a perfect game for it just a calm story based game to just make you think about things."
,Recommended,303210,22238386,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,twitch.tv/blazyrawr,"THis game is a work of art, If you havnt bought it, What are you doing with your life, if you are a creative indiviual that likes abstact art- This game will futhfill your need for such thingIt is about a man called coda, who creates sort games with no perticular or individual meaning, other than that of the player to make up, It becomes darker as time goes on - and so i wouldnt recomend if your not into games with no gameplay - but this game is more a interactive story - Which i adore.i give this a 9.5/10 as i would like there to be a option where you can navagate though games at your own pace with the view of the mods when needed, and a option to mute the narroter would be nice too as his voice gets annoying after a hour or so of playing this game."
,Recommended,303210,18282897,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,splash zone,"no movie or show or song or game has made me cry except this. worth more then the seven dollars i payed. it affects you on a personal and emotional levelI wish everybody would play this gameI thought about it all the time, tried telling a friend but he didn't seem to be intrested. read reviews for a half hour. considerd playing it again, thought it might change the experience. if you are the type of person that skips cutscenes in a game, do not play it."
,Recommended,303210,18463157,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Infinite State Machine,"I wouldn't recommend this to people in non-creative professions; however, I felt really understood by this game.Have to admit I spent the last ""year"" of the story thinking someone was going to die. Glad they didn't go that route."
76561198017226517,Recommended,303210,18462379,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Vinny,"Interesting, definently different from anything I've ever seen or played before. Unlike most of the reviews I've read, I didn't have any strong emotional or philophosical response. You don't actually play The Beginner's Guide, you expirience it. Worth $9.99? in retrospect not really, but on sale for $5.00 or less I'd say worth a playthough."
,Recommended,303210,18462441,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Accudio or something,"I had only ever cried over a game once in my life. That was ""Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons"". This 'game' doubles the length of that list. I loved the Stanley Parable, and bought this game based on the common creator. It is however, a completely different beast.I myself, and I imagine a lot of other people connected to this game on an extreme emotional level, and felt for the two - lets say characters - every step of the way.The only thing I can say with confidence here is you should NOT read any spoilers, watch any video coverage of it, read any further reviews, just buy it now, although not long it is well worth the money, play it in one sitting, and then just think, and feel. Maybe like me, it will change your outlook on life, and I have no reason to doubt for the better."
,Recommended,303210,18494471,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mil,"For me it was a very interesting journey. Your experience will determine what you will see in that game.I read that for some of the professional critics it was a story about developers and player, for me it was a more personal story.Don't let others tell what to see, just experience."
76561198007096220,Not Recommended,303210,18494518,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,jeffzilla8,"So, this is the first review I've ever written so you can see that this game must be very bad to make my lazy♥♥♥♥♥write something about it. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The only reason people are being vague in their reviews is because the game is pointless.The narration is annoying at the best of times and vomit-inducing at its worst. Please do not let this man steal 10 dollars from you. The Stanely Parable was good but this just seems like Davey must have been letting it's success go to his head. Oh and a side note, if he hadn't hired that awesome narrator for the Stanely Parable it would have turned out just like this. So Please DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. You aren't missing anything, really you are not. The only way this would have been passable is if it was free."
,Recommended,303210,18494532,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,North Dakota Wheat Board,Beautiful and a bit poignant.  Buy this and savor it slowly.  Deliberately.  Preferably alone.
,Recommended,303210,22058948,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Chapstickbomber,"I want to let you know, that this is an alternative media flim.Could you watch something on Netflix instead? Yeah.But you shouldn't."
76561198057625339,Recommended,303210,22060126,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,limped,this game represents me.10 out of 10.
,Recommended,303210,21999211,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,twitch.tv/mrbreadedchicken,Does me recommending this game say more about me as a person than it does about the game? - The Beginner's Guide in a nutshell
76561198143243376,Recommended,303210,21973531,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Open-Artificial-Intelligence,"For some reason... This game made me feel a little depressed, but it is actually a very interesting story. I will not go to much into it, but i really do think if you played any of the games made by the creator; you should really check this Walking Simulator out.10/10 for story10/10 for dialog10/10 for everything."
,Recommended,303210,22004859,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,S P A J E T O,Play Stanley Parable first.Realise how much hype and theorising there was around that game. How much mystery the game intentionally created and how much more was generated by the players without any basis.Watch the trailer.Then play this completely narrative focused game that breaches the bounds of the game world in the first level.
,Recommended,303210,21957650,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ShamusAran,"I cannot recommend this game to people who want to play games.I cannot recommend this game to people who don't care about story, who easily dismiss high-minded art as ""pretentious,"" who breeze through a game to get to the end to say they won.This is not a game to be played. It's sort of like a good movie that you can take at your own pace. It's a game about games. A game about people who play games. A game about people who make games.Most of all it's a game about one person. Slowly but surely, we learn who this person is through the games we play.Coda makes the games.**SPOILERS**But Coda is not who we learn about."
,Recommended,303210,21933565,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,privliged life,Damn that was more serious than The Walking Dead Games made by telltale.10/10
76561198077972681,Recommended,303210,21960348,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TonkDumbleDonk,Extraordinarily powerful. That's the only thing I can think of to describe this.
76561198028674645,Recommended,303210,18296406,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Yeahtruethat11,This is one of the best games i have ever played. i can't explain why. But thank you :)
,Recommended,303210,21918872,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Aztrinity,"I just finished this game... Actually, I think 'game' is entirely the wrong category of for this. At first I thought, I shouldn't write a review immediately, because I'm not done processing this, I'm still preoccupied with all the points it raised. I concluded that doesn't matter, I may never be done thinking about it. It felt less like a game (and certainly not like 'entertainment') more like I was invited into someone's mind, in an honest and open fashion, while they underwent a journey I could interact with. This was a really unique exploration, it will stay with me for a long time."
,Recommended,303210,21935336,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SlntBullet,Just played this game.Don't know what to say.Is it good?Is it bad?Is it even possible to take this point of view to it?Well. I don't know. Maybe you play it and tell me?
76561198043046151,Recommended,303210,21933818,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kyss,"This game is unlike anything I've ever played. One playtrough later, and I'm at a complete loss for words. The allegory of what the game stands for is fairly obvious, and I won't spoil it, but it is a powerful glimpse of the mind of a content creator and its struggles."
,Recommended,303210,22044870,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jerdrb,"Hmmmm. That is what you will say after this. The story is not something completed in this. It does not make a story some big mystery. The mystery, or gratitude in this game (though it will probably not feel gratifying) is how it makes you think."
,Recommended,303210,22056034,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Death of Self,Beautiful story.If you took this at face value you very much missed the point.
,Recommended,303210,22055207,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MrFishy,To be honest I cant finish it. It just makes me sad for some reason. but it is still and amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,303210,22098246,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ninja Pipes X,An interesting tale about isolationism and creative burnout. A must play for anybody in the game development industry.
,Recommended,303210,22116879,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,mistdrake,"I've never written a review on steam but after playing this game I felt the need to. I don't know where to start with this game or this review and it'll probably be a lot of just me rambling at you if you decide to read this. This game hit me on every personal level possible, even ones I didn't know could be hit. I'm going through a rough patch of life, roughest patch yet and have been for some three years now. I'd heard about this game and I was stumbling through steam sales when my brain told me ""buy The Beginner's Guide."" So I did, not thinking anything of it. Then I installed the game and started playing, expecting a slight romp through game design and how we percieve others, only to wind up spending the game looking at myself as I went. I spent a good chunk of my play time just sending quotes to my girlfriend because of how well they applied to my life even when they were said in the context of this game. As I went on I started to relate even more, chosing the options that had less to do with game design and more to do with general failure and self actualization. When I had to shoot the stage, part of me insticually did it, but part of me didn't want to. The walking backwards from the stage part was a fantastic visual representation of what it feels like to have anxiety, even if it was not what Coda wanted. The thing that stood out the most came during the clean house chapter, where Davy talks about not staying in the darkness and having people to tell you things would be OK, that was the part I needed most. As the game spiraled I didn't know what to do and when it ended I wanted more, some sort of proper closure that would bring it back to to the reassurance I was getting at the begginning, but there wasn't more, and I realized just the impact this game had on me.TLDR: I'm at a bad place in life, this game is the most impactful game I've played in a long time."
76561198161831378,Recommended,303210,22116552,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Claudia666,"Very short!! Remember this as you think about buying it, however it's worth it. Stunning visuals, interesting and complex message. A must play."
76561198133167965,Recommended,303210,22116609,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,annabelleryu,The game takes you on an emotional rollercoaster!! Totally worth the $10!!!!!!
76561198028957799,Recommended,303210,20500276,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,MitBit01,"I have never played nor read anything so sad. If this is a true story, then I'm very confused and enlightened at the same time. Play it."
,Recommended,303210,24625999,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,HAPPINESS OTTER,"Huh.  I definitely thought that there would be a plot, or a storyline.  Dont come into this game with that expectation.  Think of it more as an existential experiment.  An experiment in empathy.  A little meta. I would say that it was fun, but not in the traditional sense like other games where theres something you overcome.  More in the sense that things happen, you try to figure out what's going to happen next, but then that thing doesn't happen. Give it a try.  You might learn something from it.  Or more it might teach you something."
76561198051427106,Recommended,303210,24628255,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Vit Kanin,"Begining to End I finished the title in 1.6 hours. I then spent the remaining 22.4 hours of that day in deep thought. A truly wonderful title that does well what other games have never touched upon. If you allow it to, this game will change your outlook on gaming as a whole.(5/5)"
76561198033182774,Recommended,303210,24645069,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CEO of NSAA,It... it... it's beautiful. It's art. It's basically mona lisa of video games
76561198084628235,Recommended,303210,24629692,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Danish Hotdog,"Now, as many people has already said, if you were looking for a second ""The Stanley Parable,"" then this is not for you. This is a game that tells about the story of depression, and the story of a struggling creator. As you can see by my play time, I've played this powerful game through several times. Around three times on my own, and once with a family member and once with a friend.It's very slow paced, but it definitely fits the game. Being a creator and having struggled with depression, this stroke a cord with me. It is a game that has moved me, and every playthrough has left me with a feeling of, ""Wow, what an emotional rollercoaster."" It is deep, and it's emotional, and I loved every single part of it. I don't believe that people that gave this a negative review actually got what they expected, or don't understand the emotional depth of this beautiful game. Will definitely recommend for anyone that likes walking a lot in a game, and that is ready for a pretty heart wrenching story."
,Recommended,303210,24586825,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,D Ash,"easily one of the best games I played in my life. one of the most personal, alive and sincere ones as well."
76561198168674339,Recommended,303210,24455589,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Xyndrome,"Was good, made feels"
,Recommended,303210,24449565,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mizake,"I've never quite been so emotionally affected by something called a game*.A game without characters, without faces; with but a single, relentless voice that tells its own story, endlessly and painfully and without closure.Can I recommend this? To whom? For what reason?Game? No, it's not a game*.Experiment? Well, maybe. There is a lot of play, a lot of joshing, a lot of wondering what you will do next.Narrative? Difficult to say when everything is so blurred. And so much of what you learn is from reading between the lines.Catharsis, then. And in that respect it hit me hard and left me breathless.Sometimes a story tells you more about yourself than the characters it's portraying. And perhaps that's the lesson of the Beginner's Guide.*YOU JUST LOST THE GAME"
,Not Recommended,303210,20019932,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,crankycookie,"Oppressively pretentious and painfully dull.  Anyone expecting something charming and innovative as The Stanley Parable should stay far, far away."
,Recommended,303210,24475562,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,letterboxmusic,"This is a guided tour through a range of odd games that have something to say. It's meditative and htought provoking. I found some aspects of the end of the game/guide a little bit of let down. The narrative was so good, and the twist could have been handled better - bit of a shame.I loved this. It's differnt and made me think - two things I look for in an interactive expereince."
,Recommended,303210,24474242,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,aidendarth,absolutly outstanding
76561198042052301,Recommended,303210,24539222,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,"Damn, just damn."
76561198039504155,Recommended,303210,24584520,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Daelus,Es un muy buen juego
76561197993470470,Recommended,303210,24583270,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Guendolin,"Played, thought and got mind blowned!"
76561198156242552,Recommended,303210,24588844,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Bsantini,This game is amazing but at the same time its not ima be honest and say just play it for yourself and personally I feel the game is better without the narrator. Although I'd suggest you play with the narrator and another play through without it they are very different experinces. Also play blindly (Play with no knowllage of the game before hand) its great and you should buy it either way.Sorry for spelling mistakes English may be my first language but I still suck at it :p
,Recommended,303210,18283097,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,XANGELIX,"I'm....... Speechless. Please experience this. I don't think I can call it a game, but you must experience whatever it is. 10/10"
,Recommended,303210,24521550,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Storm Wolve™,I now have a lot of useless information in my brain about a guy name CODA and about the narator ... I spent a 109 minutes of my life on this... I don't know.. I just.. Don't .. know..
,Not Recommended,303210,23784076,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,daKoite,"if you have high expectations because you played the stanley parable, i wouldnt recommend you this game"
76561198077517965,Recommended,303210,25647555,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,(BB4H) nickeliii,"I'm not typically into games like this but TBG is admittedly an experience like no other. It's gaming as an art form, and it unfolds into a poignant commentary on social image and the need for valdiation. If you've ever dealt with anxiety or depression, or felt socially-awkward or insecure, TBG will likely speak to you. I found it theraputic and insightful. Well worth the time and money invested"
,Recommended,303210,27153675,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Julius,"This is such a nice experience. Short, but beautiful and makes you think."
,Recommended,303210,27151019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chocobos,Extremely touching story and very good. More of an experience than a game but a very good one.
,Recommended,303210,20042396,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"You know how consuming a really good piece of art or entertainment can leave you in some sort of mental daze, where the experience leaves you jostled and transformed? Where, upon exiting the theater/leaving the cinema/rising up from the couch, there is a new sensation in your body, like you've just left a bubble, a chrysalis, in which you were transformed? Perhaps not permanently, perhaps not even meaningfully, but something inside of you got so stirred up that right here, right now, all you have is that feeling and its burning sensation? And do you know how it is almost impossible to convey anything about why that experience made you feel that way ?"
,Recommended,303210,27120569,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,what sorceress this,"It's a 90 min game, you really shouldn't be reading about it before you play. But if you're here to figure out if it's good, all I can say is yes. Hell yeah. I wish more people aspired to make games that leaves something with the player when the game is finished, instead of making games only to take player's time and money."
,Recommended,303210,27120937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J0R1S [NL],The feels were real
,Recommended,303210,27141042,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bingo,Don't bother with reviews or summaries of this game. Just play it.
,Recommended,303210,27092881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chunkygorillas,A game that really makes you feel. It's short but worth the experience
76561198026314334,Recommended,303210,23477291,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Ncf,One of the most entertaining games I have played in the pas few years
,Recommended,303210,27045318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RetroGR,"Crazy game, hard to explane, but worth playing at the very leat once in your life."
,Recommended,303210,27346901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TehFoz,"It's not a game, it's something else."
,Recommended,303210,19316005,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SchnitzelRunner,"First off i think its a really nice game. If you lik the Stanley Parable you will like this game as well.Pros:- nice narrative storyline- makes you start thinking about your life and how you judge/prejudge people without knowing them- i like the simplicity but still good graphics (while keeping in mind that its all made with the source engine)Cons:- at first the game constantly crashed just after i started it, but with a little help of dr. google i found a workaround (i had to put ""-windowed"" into my launch options)- to short (in my opinion)- compared to the Stanley Parable you had almost no freedom of choice where to go, there was basicly always just one way thing/way to do/keep on playingBut still i had fun playing the game, thoug i hoped it would take a littlebit more time to finish it. Not just 1 to 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,303210,27358094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,7th Pwnist,"Pretty medium. Some fairly profound moments, but mostly just very pretentious and overly self-indulgent. The game takes itself far too seriously and as a result feels very melodramatic when its source material is frankly not that dramatic. Some very creative and interesting moments, but by in large a boring journey into someone's psyche that I didn't really want. I am a huge fan of exploration-style games, so since I did not particularly enjoy this one, I have to say that I don't think most people would--but maybe you would feel differently. At $10, I can't recommend it, but if you're like me it may be worth it when it is on a 70%+ off sale."
,Recommended,303210,27358298,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MissPeya,"This is a game to best approach completely blind. It's hard to even really talk about without giving anything away.You will feel feels. I can say that much.It will only take you a few hours, but its worth comes out in its content, not its length."
76561198104639610,Recommended,303210,27334762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,doctorsonic46,*sniffs*
,Recommended,303210,23819661,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mexican Cholo,"The first thing you make with your hands, made out of your passion, feels amazing. It opens you up to a whole new world of possibilities to the point where your brain is being filled with a seemingly-endless stream of ideas to communicate your passion with others. But, how does that passion evolve, and along with it, how does that passion evolve with and combine with your audience?This game has quite the answer.--------If you're looking for a game that's played like an interactive movie and want to take something out from it that will leave you thinking about the impact of games, especially those ones with deep plot and meaning behind them, I recommend this game whole-heartedly. It feels as if I'm slightly less alone and more complete."
,Recommended,303210,27374447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Creatureface,"I would say this is less about the game and way more about the story. An extremely well written walking simulator that takes you through the life of a video game developer. If you can stand just walking around for about 2 hours, interacting very little, and just listening to a story then you will absolutely love this game!Hits very close to home in the final chapters. RIP my eyes ;_;"
,Recommended,303210,27381668,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[SS] DisGuy!,"Warning: Will give you major feels, but is still amazing."
,Recommended,303210,27386147,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zerker,the feels man
,Recommended,303210,27350628,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blue,"Woah, just woah."
76561197961247666,Recommended,303210,27349452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,THeCollector,"Nominated for ""GAME WITHIN A GAME AWARD"", playing this should be mandatory.Another masterpiece by the guy who made A STANLEY PARABLE. Might seem a bit short, but will linger in your thoughts long enough to justify the pricetag"
,Recommended,303210,27350801,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bio,I didn't know what to expect from this game.That's probably what made it great...
,Recommended,303210,26463412,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Anetherus,"Deep...I somehow think I needed this.Now...When I saw this on sale I read it was from The Stanley Parable creator and I bought it right off...However this game is nothing like The Stanley Parable. This one has a depth narrativeand maybe not fitted for everyone.Having said that.If you're somehow like me, eventhough both you and I cannot know that, since we probably doesn't even knoweach other, random steam review reader.I'd highly recommend you to get this.Edit:This games inspires me to do stuff"
,Recommended,303210,18404607,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ambiu-G,"The Beginner's guide is, well, I don't know how to describe it. It makes you feel happy, warm, secure, and yet at the same time, makes you feel like you were punched in the stomach. Repeatedly. Sure it might be just walking, but it has a deeper meaning, a story behind it, but when you try to find that story, you don't stop to think ""Is there really a story? A puropse? A point? Or is it all random? All nonsensical? With absolutely no purpose?"". That is what this game is. Or rather, this collection of games. It is pointless and worthwile at the same time. And in the end, you only crave more. I 100% reccommend this game. I still don't know who made me feel sadder.Thank you Davey Wreden. For trying to right your wrongs. For trying to fix what seems unfixable. I hope Coda can speak with you again soon."
76561198039912497,Recommended,303210,19756166,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Doctor Plok,"A genuinely unique experience. Full of heart and open to interpretation. Price is a little steep and some may find it a little pretentious for their liking. But it's such a brave, risky piece of game making and should be applauded for being so."
76561198005151062,Recommended,303210,19163254,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pepsifan04 [BWI - Whooves],"An experience, not a game in it's usual meaning, but still, a game.It can teach you some basics of leve/game design as well, if you're just starting with game/mod dev.Get it, play it, cry at the end and be proud of it."
76561198105562338,Not Recommended,303210,27246433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sergeanl,I don't know what to say about this. It lacks the ability to be replayed. the story is amazing...... (to dave (do not read spoilers  ahead) if this is actually not your work and he wanted you to stop showing it DON'T SELL IT! you could make a new game to reach out to him not use his work(or maybe your story was so good i bought it).
76561198168723059,Recommended,303210,27240942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tuxgamer,"Best game ever! Just buy!Actually - need to write a review to get a badge. BUT: This game has totally deserved this + review!Yes, this game is strange. Really strange. Do not buy, if you don't like strange games. But if you are in the right mood, it is fantastic. It is something, you have never played before.Its 9$ - currently 4.50$ - hey: Just buy!!!"
,Recommended,303210,27274680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Big Hungry Chicken,TOP NOTCH 11/10 WOULD DEFFINATLY EXPERIENCE AGAIN
,Recommended,303210,27316048,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Captain,brilliant
76561198093731118,Recommended,303210,24705813,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,harbinsky.m.e,"It’s one of those games you really can’t play twice.It’s also one of those games that you can’t afford not to play.Well you can……And it doesn’t make you less of a person for doing so.Still, it kind of hit something inside. And more of the game comes down to thinking about it off and on as time passes.Trying to figure out what’s true, and what’s narrative.Realizing that that’s probably the wrong question.Realizing that it doesn’t really matter.The game’s beautiful, but not everyone’s going to enjoy it.And I’m kind of fine with that."
,Recommended,303210,24703368,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,guyal,The Beginner's Guide has the feels. Much feels.
76561198047389777,Recommended,303210,24825116,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,SomethingThatsPie,"Amazing very deep storydriven game. Made me cry my eyes out, this game is something anyone can relate to. And this game is just so awesome, in the way that it makes you feel as though that you can be in both of the people's shoes. I just can't express how much this game is just amazing. If it were possible I think everyone should sit down and play this game atleast once. This is now hands down one of my favourite game's ever. I would give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,303210,24502106,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Deterson,Short but amazing trip
,Recommended,303210,24502222,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CowpieMike,"Very linear and story driven, but interesting in ways unique to any game i've played.If you've played The Stanley Parable, it's similar in gameplay but not in style.The writing remains incredible despite the genre shift."
,Recommended,303210,24568971,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Malakaiii,What a unique and beautiful game. It gave me all the feels. Thank you for making it!
,Recommended,303210,24610295,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Where the fuck I am,Oh my god................My outlet is video games.YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME
,Recommended,303210,24746730,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ilsa,Imagine your emotions are a large gummy bear on the floor.  Now put on some mountaineering cleets and jump up and down on that bear until it is a gooey smear.   Damn....Excuse me.  I need to go cry into a bowl of chow mein.
,Recommended,303210,24737300,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tettrum,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game, I don't care when, but you need to."
76561198048969555,Recommended,303210,24682376,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,LockerKid,"I like writing long reviews.  I like writing them because people read them.  They assume that my opinion is valid.  It's as valid as anyone else's, no more, no less.I will not write a long review for this game.  I will just tell you that you should play it."
76561198125178291,Recommended,303210,19943501,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Cpt. Mittens,"It would be an insult to think that i could describe how beautiful this game is with words. A seriously beautiful game. MUST PLAY ALONE, MUST PLAY WITH HEADPHONES. Pure art."
76561197971740383,Not Recommended,303210,19944286,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,frustor,"For context, I loved the Stanley Parable. With such a great experience playing that title, and the generally positive reviews here, I bought the Beginners Guide thinking I would have a similar response. Unfortunately, I didn't and have requested a refund. While Guide is very clever and intelligent, it was not fun. And I didn't find it particularly moving.It may be unfair to compare Guide to the developer's previous work but what made the Stanley Parable so great is that it played with old-time gamers like myself who think they can get ahead of a game. It's beauty was anticipating every action I thought was not going to be anticipated. It was the byplay with the narrator, as if we were speaking with each other. Guide is devoid of choices, wit, and any enjoyment in ""discovering"" its aspects. For the less than 1 hour I played, I felt trapped and suffocated by design. That's probably the point (and I don't know if there's an end that makes it all worth it) but for me, I'd rather play something else. I give the developer a lot of credit for making a ""game"" that is different but it is a difference that didn't speak to me."
76561198013407757,Recommended,303210,19948096,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Aurelia,"I was really intrigued by the trailers and reviews, and was excited to play this game. However, I was only 5 minutes into it before I got severe motion sickness.  I don't normally experience motion sickness in games (the last one that caused it was Hexen) but this one got me bad.I didn't want to give up on the game though because of being so curious about it. So I got my husband to play it while I sat as far away across the room as possible (a trick to stop gaming motion sickness, I was told). It helped and I got to watch the game being played - and have some input - without feeling ill.The game is... I'm not really sure where to begin. I think everyone who plays this game will end up coming away feeling something different, and taking away something different to each other.To put it simply: It is a narrated series of mini-games/maps that tells the tale of two friends.To go more in depth... I think would give away too many spoilers. This is a game worth experiencing for yourself. It didn't make me cry, it didn't make me question my existence (as it has for others), but it is ultimately a narative about...well...life, I suppose. Or more specifically about how we look at and meddle in things without seeing the bigger picture.But it also isn't about that at all.It works very well as a thought provoking game, and each of us who play it will follow those thoughts to a different path and ending. And that's ok. That is, I think, the point.I wasn't sure how to rate this game right after my husband finished playing it in front of me, but letting it settle in my mind for a while has definitely shown the game to be more thought provoking than I first thought. I wish I could play it myself.10/10 would throw up again."
,Recommended,303210,19945410,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,stevecronin,Beautiful. Play this game with a notebook nearby just in case you're inspiried.
,Recommended,303210,19945445,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CBtheChaetophobic,A deeply moving game.I have never before played a game that made me feel sad for a living human being.
,Recommended,303210,19946086,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,CyberDwarf42,No review can do this game justice.
,Not Recommended,303210,19963482,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mac Maverick,"I don't get why this game has so much praise.You walk through linear halls while the narrator tells a story. Similar to The Stanley Parable, except in this one you have no choices, it's just a linear hallway walking simulator while you hear a story. It's about as much gameplay as a visual novel.As for the story, the narrator tells you about a game developer & his emotions, and you are told this story while you play the linear hallway walking simulator games that this developer made. In my opinion the story just ends up coming off forced and tries way too hard to be deep and emotional.The game desperately wants to be regarded as a work of art, but when you see past the hype, it's really just a walking simulator with a mediocre story."
,Recommended,303210,19963780,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Anto_1337,"A trip in the mind of Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable.This game deeply focusses on his life and depression.8,6/10."
76561198091094581,Recommended,303210,19992606,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Freakazoid!,Awesome Game
,Recommended,303210,19995156,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sky,"I just finished the game and I'm having trouble thinking of what to say. In the span of two short hours I have felt so many things and have changed in so many ways. This game made me feel angry, frustrated, confused and upset but it also took my hand and guided me through what was the most touching video game I've ever played. There are feelings and struggles in this game that I've never felt were ever captured so well by anything, be it video game, film or novel. It's a game about validation, and it will resonate with the creator inside all of us. When we find a cool video, we share it with our friends and loved ones, hoping it will gain some wanted reaction. When we make a thing, we want to share it with the world. It's such a lovingly made game. It connected with me on an intensely human level. I know this review is very vague, and I'm sorry for that, but I won't go into detail on any of it. Everything is there for a purpose and this meant that I left every single chapter feeling a sense of perhaps not satisfaction, but closure. This game is a bizarre, challenging and deeply meaningly game that breaks apart what making and playing a game really means. It made me surprised at how invested I got in it. I really wasn't expecting that."
,Recommended,303210,19984373,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vulgar Valkyrie,"If i had to give it a number rating: 9/10**Don't head to the forums/discussions until you have finished the game for it is full of spoilers.The Beginner's Guide had me feel a whole range of emotions. towards the end they became more intense and confusing. That's all i really have to say about this beutifully crafted game.Short & the point: Press ""w"" to go on a feels trip."
,Recommended,303210,19949909,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BRANTMAN,"1) Don't expect The Stanley Parable, this has a similar interface, but a very different experience.2) Play around with it a bit before you decide whether or not you like it, please.3) I loved it. It's superbly interesting and weird in a variety of great ways."
,Recommended,303210,19950367,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,大毛桃 Big O' Nuts,For the damaged Coda
76561197973037073,Recommended,303210,18320173,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ARXON,"Very creepy. I hope the money goes to someones therapy. This is not a game, but some very morbid art."
,Recommended,303210,18320176,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JediRex,i cri evrtimbest game of the year100/10
,Recommended,303210,18320213,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,cherrybomb,"10/10 one of the best games I ever played, if not the best"
,Recommended,303210,18320391,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Asterisk_SP,"It's a walking simulator - placing yourself in another's shoes... but that's okay, sometimes, There are people who don't believe in ""games"", and I honestly believe that something like this needs to be known to change that perception.This... is the gaming equivalent of Bohemian Rhapsody. ""Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?"" I don't know if Coda exists... but I raise a thought, send a wish, in his honor."
,Recommended,303210,18320397,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,WardOfLucifer,I loved this game.
,Recommended,303210,18320501,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SidFishious,The Beginner's Guide asked some really interesting and disturbing questions. I wish there were answers.
76561198153234941,Recommended,303210,18320561,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DylTheDude,Morbidly creepy and kind of darkly artistic. But somehow moving and confusing and...and....strangely meaningful10/10 would question life again ;)
76561198026581482,Recommended,303210,18320612,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,monsiuer crouton,cant say anything about it with out lessening it in some way. it is what it is and its the most unique and personal game I've ever played. when so many games feel like they're created by commitees this could have only been made by these people and what they did was very special.
76561198059912165,Recommended,303210,18320625,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bitty Kitty,This is what storytelling is about.
,Recommended,303210,18320646,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,KeyWii,My feels.
,Recommended,303210,18320651,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,A Well Worn Paint Job,"This game changed my life, seriously.I Cant say anything.all i can say is dont watch any trailers or look at any photos. just read the description and buy this NOW10/10"
,Recommended,303210,18320652,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Cadence,A very concise emotional learning fun-time experience.
76561198151263823,Recommended,303210,26512258,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kevin,"Wow, It's a wonderful story and intrigue. I would love to see what the creators will make next. :D"
76561198203863313,Recommended,303210,26512304,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Al Pal,It's a great experiance that I would reccomend you check out IF its ON SALE. The price is way too much for a 2-3 hour game.
,Recommended,303210,26512621,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,D3X,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ That's all.
,Recommended,303210,26547551,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,onetime.promotion,"It's and midnigth experience of humand mind and regrets and stuff.Do alcohol, play this, think.nothing to archieve here, so don't get your hopes up.Itäs a different kind of game experience."
76561198202016282,Recommended,303210,26550803,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Firegearz,omg im in the middle of it and im crying my eyes out this is so beautyfull and yet so sad omg i thaught this would of ben a cool little history with little crappy games that goes bether and bether but it just gets worst! OMG IT GETS WORST YOU REALISE THINGS AND I DISCOVERED I WAS WAAYYYYY TO UNSTABLE EMOTIONNALY TO TAKE THAT ALL IN AAAAAAH BUY IT BUY IT WITH THE STANLEY PARABLE THEY ARE BOTH AMAZING GAMES OH MY GOOOOD
,Not Recommended,303210,26551821,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,xenoffense,"I was expecting something a bit more profound. It's just a series of poor quality ""games"" developed by some emo/nihilst with commentary by Davey Wrenden. Definitely enjoyed The Stanley Parable a lot more. Not worth the money by any means, especially at full price."
,Recommended,303210,26551860,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Burton,A very thought provoking experience.
76561197998554282,Not Recommended,303210,26552206,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vanir,"If you want a game that makes you feel like a guilt-ridden monster who's played party to thievery and the utter disrespect of someone's private intellectual property, then this is definitely the game for you. If you don't want to feel suicidal and depressed however, you probably shouldn't get it."
76561198067107635,Recommended,303210,26449059,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Katar,"This is worth playing. Playing might not even be the right word. You move arround, press the buttons... but I'm not sure what you'd call it.What ever you call it, it's worth doing. Take the hour and a half you need... and do it."
76561198067485706,Recommended,303210,26450132,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JumpingClover,A beautiful and existential experience. Really deserves validation and praise.
76561198162842340,Recommended,303210,26480186,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Endermunzz,amazing
,Recommended,303210,26480344,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Zaziu,"Wow. A story told through games, stitched together with such an emotional connection and narrative to it. It's really something."
76561198131642546,Recommended,303210,26480789,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ghettobutter,"Even though it's not really an exploration game, i feel as if i'm exploring and even though it's a single player experience, i feel as if i'm socializing. A touching story that left me inspired."
76561198162024653,Recommended,303210,26481337,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,joostheuvel1,"I'm going to make the bed, then clean the table, then arrange the pillows, then do the dishes, then pretend I don't have feelings that made me feel things so It'll be easier to sleep for me tonight, and then probably clean the table again.A biy expensive at full price for a little story that takes about 1.5 hours, but it's like nothing else and more importantly gives you the feeling.10/10 would Turingtest again."
76561198013146017,Recommended,303210,26481365,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Flake,The only question I've been thinking about is:Is that real?Feels like emptiness when you finish the game.
,Recommended,303210,26483484,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,M3Gnificent,"Honestly... I'm not sure I would call this a game. It's a bit more of an interactive experience, which in my eyes, isn't a bad thing. I frickin' love this kind of thing.But, like, during my entire playthrough... I felt a plethora of emotions. I laughed. I damn near cried. And then, in the end, I was blindsided by a perspective I just wasn't expecting. I won't go into detail, as it's best discovered yourself, but this game is so damn relatable from all sides and I cannot reccomend it enough to anyone who is willing to give this kind of thing a try.I promise you - it's an emotional roller coaster, but if you give it a chance, you won't regret it."
76561197992114184,Recommended,303210,20498327,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Losvaize,Well I'm gonna go read the Allegory of the Cave again.  Damnit Camus.
,Recommended,303210,20499202,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,achillies277,I cried.
,Recommended,303210,20497829,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,carcatron,This is absolutely worth your time and money to experience.
,Not Recommended,303210,20366254,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CaptainZM,"Anyone that has been alive more then 5 minutes could have seen this stories ""twist"" coming from a mile away, one of the first games to make me cringe, also one of the first i've refunded.You will love it if you're a snowflake."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,303210,20366380,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,obstructor,"This game just isn't worth it.  It definitely isn't worth $9.99, which is 2/3 the price of the stanley parable, for less than a tenth of the game.  The levels are very very basic, they get better as you go; which is one of the ideas of the game.You are going through all of the maker's friend's games in order of creation, so that the maker might get back in contact with his friend (Definitely means charge $10, supposedly all he did was compile them together and add narrative).  Just like the Stanley Parable narrative is the drive of the game, but the narrative isn't interesting in its own right and there is almost no secret narration.  The narration is serious and has a bit of a twist as the game goes on.The ""games"" don't really feel like they are actually games, the first one isn't even large enough to be what it is supposed to be.  This game could have been better. On the plus side it gave me a couple ideas here and there for D&D or for making a game of my own.Final Word:  Skip this game, Play the Stanley Parable,  See if his next game is better."
,Recommended,303210,19948604,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,no swearing relax be cool,"The Beginner's Game is a very story rich game. Don't look at any screenshots, discussions, guides or videos about this game. If you were a fan of The Stanley Parable, then this game is definately for you.This game is beautiful."
,Recommended,303210,20240321,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JesJHoward,"I just finished this game and it has made me want to write my first Steam review. That's how much I recommend it. I've always felt that games are great for entertainment, but has always missed the mark on being what they could be: Interactive experiences. The Beginner's Guide has brought me closer to that end than any other ""game"" has previously. This is not coin collecting or shooting your friends with paint guns... this is an experience - a story that you get to be a part of as a player. One that will stick with you for quite some time.10/10"
,Recommended,303210,20234423,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Madminn,"This game can be spoiled easily, much like the Stanely Parable, so avoid videos of it. This, however, is just about where the similarities between the two games end. This is not a funny, nor even a fun game, but that's no the purpose this serves. It seems everyone that is writing a review for this game is saying you should play it if you're a creative person, but I feel the less creative you are, the more appreciation you will get. More appreciation for the work that goes into games, like the art and especially the narritive. It's not about gameplay, it's not about coding, it's about the struggle between an artist and his creations, in which neither side can grab a foothold on the other.This, I believe, is the type of game that would bring widespread acceptance to our medium: showing that a creator of video games faces the same hurdles as a painter or a singer. It's relatable, it's thought provoking (but not too much), and most importantly gives insite into an artist's throughts, which is all any art is really trying to do. I enjoyed this game, not from a perspective of fun, but rather from the point-of-view going to a museum would give, yet this game shows how it can be done much better when using an interactive platform.If you're willing to go into a game, not for fun or engagement, but rather for a meta examination of, truly, the entirety of the human endevour, this is your game. Not everyone's cup of tea, obvously, but I'd hardily recommend it to anyone who wants to create or wants to know about creating."
,Recommended,303210,20169991,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Daddy Sye,"This game. This f**king game. I can't even begin to describe how I felt whilst playing it. Maybe depressed? Hopeless? Little? I don't know.It's amazing how much a game can move you, how it can effect you. I'll see you all in therapy.PLAY IT IN ONE SITTING. I LITERALLY SHED TEARS."
,Not Recommended,303210,20170482,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BOAT STOPPER,"Only recommended for pretentious film snobs and people with an interest in psychology. Even then, it's not worth half of it's full sale price."
,Recommended,303210,20173269,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JaneDoes,"I don't think I've ever played a game that's made me feel so many things. Wonder, appreciation, warmth, confusion, sadness, despair, awe.  It's a journey; an almost 'too-close-for-comfort' look inside the psyche of a very talented, intensely private human being.Davey's narration informs and entertains, and as we progress he feels like an old friend. However, things are never quite as they seem.One of my favourite gaming experiences ever, and everything game design should be."
76561198097184997,Recommended,303210,20252715,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sarrin,"This game is not for you.Ok, so this game is amazing, and you should totally play it because on one very real level it's very much for anyone who appreciates the artform. That said, given the nature of statistics there is something like a 1 : 7,000,000,000 chance that this game is actually *for* you. The rest of us just get to appreciate that it is, and that someone took the time to make it be. That has to be enough for us.This piece is many things; a thoughtful exploration of the artform that is the game in terms of what a game is, what it is to play one, and what it is to make one; a deep look at the nature of art and creative endeavor; and a loving, heartfelt message that the vast majority of us, while welcome to appreciate it, are only being used to help convey. In fact, the story is so well told that it really makes no difference whether there is any truth to it at all; not to most of us, in any case.Truely a profoundly important game.11/10 - Would read someone else's mail again."
,Not Recommended,303210,20044377,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Karmik,"For someone who likes so called ""walking simulators"", from Dear Ester to Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, I have to say this is poor. Not really my cup of tea at all.I loved the Stanley Parable, but this is so not the same thing, it's almost like it's aimed at a totally different audience.I'm only glad I got it in a sale. The full price is just to much for a glorified audiobook.If I had to give it a score, i'd say 6/10."
76561198209691969,Recommended,303210,20048779,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jdelgado523,A very impressive....was going to say game....perhaps experience? Thoroughly enjoyable and thought provking all at the same time. Was very please with how this came out. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,303210,20048862,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,!@#$ Spinn,"What I loved about this game is that is starts out as a seminar and analysis of not only a designer's games, but of the designer himself. I loved the short stories of the discussions and how the characters seemed to be so alive. I love how the designer has the mind of a true artist and how narrator's narration and interference with the designer's art gives you the power to envision the art as it should be experienced according to the designer, but without having to go through the hardship it entails.The game has a brilliant twist towards the end upon which I just froze.After that, however, I felt the narration, and game in general, broke the walls it had built up - I could feel how the narrative broke and became absurd.In all: I absolutely loved the concept and the story, up until the very ending, which disappointed me. I'd still recommend it to anyone with a taste for storydriven games, though!"
76561198123526390,Recommended,303210,20047384,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Alligaattori,-
