user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,303290,22713283,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Buttfart Princesspants VIII,"First impressions of this game are excellent.Pros- amazing art style- japanese voices for basically every character but your own- 10 routes. There are a lot of people to choose between and you can have routes with girls or multiple people. Sadly, there are some routes with basically no romance. (ie, the one guy who is so friendzoned that the protagonist Fuka thinks he's a girl at first)- you can disable your portrait if you want to be more immersed- there's a tonne of options in settings. Plenty of save slots, audio options for literally every character bar a few, an option to full screen and windowed mode. Also, lovely options for skipping- tonnes of options. I'm 20 minutes in and I've already been given 5 options.- super sexy and unique characters- a metric tonne of endings. There are bad endings and even an ending where you choose to dump a person and date another, which is insanely rare for an otome.- it doesn't demand you pick a person to try dating in the very beginning, which is brilliant because you get to know the people and then make a decision.- the heroine isn't a complete waste of space- there's a log of previous dialogue that you can scroll up at any time in case you miss something someone said or don't understand a character's response- you can name your character (this has been known to cause glitches, but the developers are very attentive and fix this as it happens)- there's no percentages for available romances so you go in blind- the characters have clearly defined personalities, no more guessing what to say randomly and being totally wrongCons- there's no percentages for available romances so you go in blind- no steam overlay and no taking screenshots- no steam achievements- no steam achievements which makes it stupidly hard to remember what endings you've actually done. There is a grand master ending unlocked after you completely finish routes, and I think a lot of people will find that hard to keep track of what they've done. (Edit - there is a CG gallery that tracks overall completion.)- the fullscreen mode lowers the quality of the images (slightly, not dramatically) so all the crisp screenshot examples on the steam store are not so crisp when you actually play it. It isn't bad in windowed mode or normal mode, however.- I've come across a few words that are itallian or similar sounding, which kind of threw me off. It's no more confusing than your typical ""onee-san"" but they're odd and confused me a little, at first.- it's really expensive, the most expensive otome I have seen on steam to date, but I feel it's deserving of the price. The only thing I can think that is remotely this quality is Amnesia, and I'd pay double for Amnesia if I had to.I'll be commenting more and editing this review as I play, but this is all I have right now."
76561198158309410,Not Recommended,303290,28594255,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"I've spend nearly ten hours playing this game. I've completed few routes (some of Oz guys routes, Scarlet, Brother and Caesar) and I must say, I don't see myself playing this game in the near future, even though there is a secret ending to unlock and a lot more characters to pursue.I will admit, that this game was enjoyable at times (especially during first playthrough). It has a lot of content (pursuable characters, CGs, choices, extra scenes, endings, special ending, etc.). Translation is good. Graphic is beautiful. Story is intriguing, even though poorly executed. I liked most of pursuable characters, despite them being rather cliche. If you are an otome games fan and don't see any issues with the things I will list below, I can imagine you may have a lot of fun with this game. For me, it started as a pleasant experience and quickly transformed into a boring chore.Bad stuff:Protagonist.This is a first point for a reason. I feel that Fuka (name is changeable) is what, ultimately, ruins the whole game for me. I don't think I ever generated this level of hatred towards playable character. And believe me, I am very well used to idiotic protagonists, with no personality. The thing is, Fuka is not only brainless, useless, constantly happy for no reason and naive. She's also unlikable as hell. I read a few reviews and I've noticed that some people consider third-person narration as an immersion breaker. I don't think that's the issue. You can present character's actions, thoughts, reflections and motives in that way. The problem is, Fuka has almost none of those and even first-person narration wouldn't fix that. It would enhance it, because then it would became painfully obvious. She's a walking, talking, smiling plant. If that wasn't enough, she behave in a way that makes it even harder to sympathize with her. She says things that are obviously hurtful to other characters (particularly on Scarlet's route). She's not caring at all - there are moments, where her chosen one is about to fight someone and she has absolutely nothing to say about it. Sometimes literally, because even though she's in the same room, other characters decide her fate. All her ""I love you"" moments, seem like she is just going with the flow. And I absolutely ""love"" the moments, where, after guy risks his life for her and gets hurt over her stupidity, she decide to stop talking with him, because someone told her to. Bravo, Fuka. You made me not care about you in the slightest.No drama, no tension.I think this game wasn't as bad as it could be for me, because I quickly stopped treating it seriously and manage to look at it as a ""silly story"". As soon asassassin, who is going after protagonist, instead of killing her, informs her, that he's about to do that, and then run after her through town and then, after she bumps into someone, he kind of threatens her and then walks away, I already knew, there is absolutely nothing to be afraid in this game. I was right, sincethe same assassin comes back and basically announce what he's about to do every God damn time, instead of actually doing anything. Same goes for drama. Fuka ruins every more-serious scene she's in.Action happens off-screen.You hear about something really cool, like festival or fight, but then you get transfer to another day, after all that is over. At best, you will get a few sentenced about what happened. At worst, you'll get nothing. Which leads me to...Unresolved scenes.So fight is just about to happen and then... We have next scene and I don't even know how it ended! Did they kill the other guy? Did he run away? Did they let them go? Did they arrest him? I guess I should just assume, because game gives zero explanation. Btw, this a perfect example of moment, when third-person narrative would be perfect to give us, players, some insight, without writing extra scenes/dialogues (as, apparently, fight was completely unimportant), but nah. Who cares.""Loading screens"".I'm not sure if this is what they are, because you can skip them with the rest of the text, which shouldn't happen if it would be a loading screen, should it? This looks like some sort of artistic decision and it was a terrible one. They didn't bother me that much during my first playthrough. During every single one next, they were painfully to look at - literally, as the picture and subtitles are very bright on a black background.Rushed routes.Oz guys have the most fleshed out routes, but even those feel disappointing and lacking. As for other characters, things happens, because they do, and characters do stuff, because they do, without any motivation, reason or previous setup.Endings.Again, rushed. They usually aren't established in any way and honestly I didn't get even one ending that would feel satisfying.Wasted potential.Transferring well-known characters to the alternate world, where various mafias rule the city, is a great idea. Setting is amazing, the vision of endless conflict and possible fights intriguing and terrifying. This game should be much more darker, greedy and action-packed, but this is JUST a love story. And it's not even good at that.Price.Price is always a subjective thing and visual novels are often over-priced because of small customer base, but I always try to compare reviewed games to other, currently available at the marker. My reflection is that:Quantity-wise it is worth it. If you are looking for a game, that you will play for 20-50 hours, if you want voice-acting, lots of pursuable characters, secret endings and all that good stuff, you will find it here.Quality-wise it isn't worth it. You can get better plot, deeper characters and better love stories even with some outstanding, free visual novels, not to mention payed ones.Conclusion:If you are willing to overlook classic otome game flaws, poor story-telling and horrible protagonist, you may enjoy it. Otherwise, spend your money on something else."
,Recommended,303290,22713606,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,kait-dono,"OverviewAfter about a month of eager excitement, I can definitely say that I'm not disappointed. Just as the screenshots showcase, the art is beautiful and beautifully detailed. The options menu has plenty of changeable things (i.e, background music, effects, and voices), including, surprisingly, individual voice controls, which I didn't expect, and the ability to re-size the window box entirely or have a full-screen (which has a minor impact on quality, so I prefer windowed). It also has detailed backgrounds, interesting and unique characters, and superb voice acting.Also, thus far, I haven't seen any major bugs or translation issues;though there are a few instances where the dialogue will refer to the default Heroine name rather than the name you chose--but that's rather minor, IMO.Overall--if you're a fan of a) otome Visual Novels, b) stories or games based on or around fairy-tales, and c) a thoroughly enjoyable experience, I wholly recommend OZMAFIA!!.UPDATE(April 30th): Also, for a perspective on length, my first route took me almost 7 hours. Needless to say, it was a blast.UPDATE(May 1st): It seems that the mistake of the game showing the default Heroine name rather than your own has been fixed. It never really bothered me much, but I'm happy that they care about their costumer's enjoyment so much."
,Recommended,303290,23419419,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,sleepy tea*,"+ Very, very pretty+ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+ So many characters!+ So far, no 'you dun messed up' endings~ Nice CGs, but not that many per route~ Legit NTR- A character is called Manboy- Caesar's 'shirt' is confusing- EYECATCH SCREENS ( ಠ益ಠ )"
76561198267660944,Recommended,303290,30340694,Posted: 5 March,all,Otome Otaku,"Personally I really liked OZMAFIA!! I'll put some pros and cons to help you understand whyPros:-The art is AMAZING!-The CGs-10 Routes-Over 20 endings-*Transfer endings-It takes roughly 4-7 hours to get pure heart ending A or B (the good endings)-There are NO ""bad"" endings. Some are worse then others but nothing too bad-The characters-The music-The stories (and how insteresting and unique they are)-Sha la la la la la la la la la-**The protaginist-There are some really sweet moments in each route (except for the brothel route I assume)-Almost every character, even non-important ones get some art done for their facesCons:-Sometimes the writing goes from very good to just ok for some certain scenes-THE LOADING SCREANS! After the mid way point in a route there will be a loading screan after every interaction-The Protaganist (yes i've listed her twice keep reading and you'll see why)-Unresolved sceanes or buildup for something and never finding out what happned-***The brothel route*Transfer EndingsTransfer endings are really unique for otome games. What will happen is if you are on someones route, sometimes depending on the answers you pick, you can leave the guy you are currently with to be with another guy without feeling too horrible (which was one of my main concerns) and get tranfer ending A or B for that guy. The transfer endings don't take too long (20min-50min) to complete and sometimes they will explain or hint at things in their own route.**The ProtaginistFuka (or whatever you want to name her) Is a bit of an odd character. She's not the worst otome protaginist but she's far from the best. In most routes(Especially in the Oz routes)she's really nice and sweet and what you would typically expect from a otome game. In some routes though(Brothel, Kyrie, Caramia and sometimes Scarlets)shes a really diffrent person rather being rude, not standing up for herself and just letting someone else control her. You'll probably find yourself yelling at your laptop saying WHY WOULD YOU DO/SAY THAT!?! The best example I can give without spoiling anything is Kyrie's route as a whole. He will contantly boss Fuka around and bully her. He even says ""I just want to see you in agony"" and stuff like that on multiple occasions. The upside is things do eventually get better but not until the endings. (Kyrie's endings are pretty sweet compared to his route)Even in the transfer endings he dosen't really care if you leave him or not making his route feel a little more empty(got a little off topic there sorry)***The Brothel RouteThis is a really controvercial route. It ruined the game for a lot of people so be prepared! Personally, I didn't mind it too much because it explains a lot about the world you are in but like I just said, the MC is a completly diffrent person. There is a drugging scene and an abuse scene so if you get triggred easily, rather don't play the game or just avoid doing this route (you won't get 100% completion but if it will make you hate the game, its probably best if you don't play it)For order of routes, I would say do these people first to last:-Caramia-Axel-Kyrie-Pashet-Scarlet-Caesar-Brothel-Robin Hood-Soh-HamelinYou can do whatever route you want to but if you play it in this order, things won't get spoiled before you play that route.But yes, I do reccomend the game, it may have some classic otome flaws but it really is a great game overall :DEdit: When you choose to spend time with someone you'll spend time with them and then go back to content you've already read on other routes so the first route you do will take a LOT longer then any other route you do if you choose to skip content you've already seenEdit 2: I have just 100% this game and holly hell ;-; The epilouge (can't spell lol) was such an emotinal rolleroaster. I really just want to hug Kyrie."
76561198098246310,Recommended,303290,22715344,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MillenniumKitten,"I haven't completed a full route but I feel the need to write up a review regardless. For what I have played I can easily say that it's money well spent. When I first spied this game in the upcoming games list I knew that I had to have it and I knew that I was willing to pay up to $40 for it. It looks like a high end title to me, it doesn't look like a VN that's going to take me 2-3 hours per route to complete and I'm so happy that I'm right.It takes me back to the good otome games, the ones that are released for the Vita and the 3DS. The otome games like Amnesia, Code Realize, Norn9, and Hakuoki. I was instantly taken back to the building up feeling, the thought that I actually have to work for the guy's affection. I actually have to take the dang time to get to know the men of the game and it feels great to be playing such a title once again. I want more titles like this to come to America.A lot of people fret over grammar issues in VN's that are released on steam, I don't blame you. They suck, they just do. Ozmafia laughs at them, they say ""We have a beautiful art style and excellent grammar, we make portraits for unimportant characters."" This game is so detailed that shopkeepers that we don't see at all really, have portraits drawn up for them to give us more of a visual aspect to it. I was super impressed, the music is pleasant as well.My main complaint is small I must admit, the female (Fuka) isn't voiced. All of the male characters are voiced, including unimportant characters, and even all of the female characters are voiced, except for Fuka. She's not and she's the main character, so this sadens me.This is a minor complaint and it doesn't take away much if anything from the game for me. The CG's are obviously gorgeous and given out like candy, the backgrounds can be a little lackluster but the character modules are to die for. I remember a moment when Kyrie didn't have his hat on and then he picked it up and put it on, the module instantly changed to one with his hat on, simple details that made me smile.The characters themselves seem very interesting. It's your typical ""Who do you want to see today?"" kind of game that doesn't feed you the right answer to the choices. I love that. Each character is unique and takes on a classic fairy tale like character ranging from Puss in Boots to Hansel and Gretal.Buy it.Especially buy it now since it's on sale.Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,303290,22712401,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mikarin,"I've just started playing this game but it's beautiful in both art and music, and the voices are all sooooooo good. I've been waiting for this release since probably around January when I was looking around for new games to play when I saw a tumblr page on it about it being released on steam soon.And here I am! The moment it was released, I immediately bought the game and got it started up!Overall, I'm very happy about this game being released and everything about it is absolutely gorgeous in my eyes despite it just being released.And the music is so beautiful and gorgeous as well, I could listen to it forever. To be honest, I sometimes come onto the store page JUST to listen to the video for the song. The art is amazing and I absolutely love that it's made by the same person who did the art for Diabolik Lovers."
,Recommended,303290,22742175,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sakimichi,"You found a really good looking person and decided to say Hi. Unfortunately, talking to him turned out to be a plot to get you killed and you found yourself running away from him. Amidst the busy streets, you bumped into someone who turns out to be a mafia boss.A charming and sweet otome game that has quite a kick at the true end, Ozmafia still remains one of my favorite otome games since it was released in Japan. Now translated and localized to English by Mangagamer, I now fully enjoyed being immersed in this exciting fairytale spin-off.There are 12 attainable characters. 10 endings not counting bad ends and divergent routes (so there are more than 10 endings). You also need to get all CG’s to unlock Grand Ending and Epilogue.The over-all gameplay is long and it’s worth the purchase ^^"
,Recommended,303290,22876062,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Vidservent,Ozmafia isn't heavy on story but what it lacks in quality makes up for it in quantity :3The extra scenes that show up when you go through a route for the 2nd time is a nice bonus but some of it is just very short and stupid. The voice acting tends to cut off in some scenes but that's not really an issue if you're used to it. Having a lot of characters to choose from and routes to go through it has 26 endings not including the Epilogue. I find most of the side characters okay but Ande was really annoying -_-'Overall I had fun going through the many stories and endings this game had.
76561198088984092,Not Recommended,303290,27959877,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Reisaz,"It's been a while since I finished playing this game. And it's still hard for me to define my attitude. Generally, I dislike this game cause it pretends to be good while actually it's neglectful and shallow. It's my personal impression. And I regret it cause the game has its potential.So, PROs:- Interesting setting. Fairy-tale heroes live like mafia families in some city. ALAS. If you like Mario Puzo or Fables, forget about it. Local mafia spends time consuming cakes and organizing festivals. I could accept it, it's an otome game after all, but every good idea can be corrupted by a poor realisation. So, the setting is charming but it's made sloppily.- Artwork. Everyone knows that Satoi is in charge of game's art. The sprites are really eye-catching, meticulous and beautiful. Even side characters (like Bercy) are drawn carefully. The backgrounds are gorgeous too. Some CGs are an obvious win, some are more inaccurate.- Character interaction. I like the way how Oz family guys communicate with each other. They often made me smile. All in all, Oz characters' depiction is successfull.- Kyrie. Since I try to write it all fair and deliberate, I shouldn't mention it. But if i'd voiced my extremely personal impression, Kyrie would be the only positive moment of this game. I like this character and I sorta regret that he's stuck in that game's world =)- Voice acting. Not all dialogues are voiced but still... I can't remember when japanese voice acting was not splendid. This game is no exception.- The game is translated into english and is available on Steam. A _very_ important issue for a japanese otome game.CONs:- Poor overall plot. I went through all that endless routes to unlock the grand finale and it was rather disappointing. The individual plots are different. Oz guys have interesting issues with their obtained talents, Robin Hood has an unexpected plot twist, Scarlet's route is rather touching...- Many routes. I'd prefer several high-quality routes to 10 so so routes. And the fact that you have to push yourself through 26 endings to get Grand Finale is... It's really rude. Since there are 26 ends the common events appear very dull and repetitive (like every route you have to deal with poor Hamelin). All routes except Oz family are rather short.- Disguised smut. Many people like it though. Since I'm an adult, I do appreciate a dose of adult content. The only condition for it is to be made with good taste. BUT. Ozmafia doesn't bother itself with good taste and stuffs the game with hints of certain sort. When I see guys joking about Axel's self-satisfaction I feel ashamed for them etc. Not mentioning brothel route here.- Publishers' politics. I see how the guys don't let players record and share their walkthroughs. Looks like hysterics. If it'd been some genius hell-of-a-game I could have understood but we talk about Ozmafia... What's the trouble with sharing a walkthrough in the web?- Characters. Some characters are nice, some are strange and awkward. The protagonist is one of the most dull and useless otome heroines ever.Overall opinion. You may like the game especially if it's you first otome game. If you are keen on common sense and depth you may be disappointed."
,Recommended,303290,31571894,Posted: 5 May,all,Naruchin ☆,"Ozmafia is a paradox, and one worth investing several hours into despite some glaring issues.From a visual point of view, the game is gorgeous. Every single character has a full body sprite (or in case of very minor characters, busts) and they're all detailed. The CGs are few and mostly are good. The backgrounds are decently varied and you'll get accustomed quickly to the story setting.The OST didn't grind on my nerves, which I consider a plus since I needed almost 30 hours to 100% it (and I'm still missing bonus scenes, more on those later). The voicework isamazingdespite the game not being fully voiced, and you can customize the individual volume of all the characters.From a technical standpoint, no Steam overlay is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Had to download SteaScree to upload screenshot. I understand it's not the publisher's fault, but still.It will be hard to talk about the writing without spoilers, but I'll try.The flow is a mess. The story is chopped into tiny scenes followed by fade to blacks, with little to no continuity and neglegible importance overall.And it gets worse. Upon completion of a route, you unlock fully voiced bonus scenes that can last from 2 to 15 screens, adding to the choppiness and making the presence of a fake loading screen that serves as break between daysexcruciating.The single routes are definitely focused on slice of life and romance, with a rather long common route. The epilogue (achieved by getting at least 1 ending per route) and grand finale (achieved by getting all the possible endings and watching the epilogue) can be read by clicking Fuka's book in the main screen, and paint a very different story. There are no real bad endings per se, but A isusuallymore positive than B. Follow a guide and spare yourself a headache.Fuka, the MC (you can rename her, btw) is dumb. I found her amusingly, cutely dumb in all routes but Robin Hood's, where she just became overbearingly idiotic. While she is an amnesiac blank slate, she talks for herself and voices her opinions, which I found refreshing after the perpetual silence of Amnesia:Memories' MC.My route suggestion would be: Oz boys > Pashet > Scarlet > Hamelin > Brothel = Robin Hood > Caesar > SohThe Ozes are the poster boys and have the beefiest routes, with a love triangle portion and the possibility to move from one boy to another, for a total of four endings each. The focus is pretty much on romance.Pashet's route is a cute F/F friendship, good to take a break from the guys with some quality catgirl bonding.Scarlet's route is an adorable F/M friendship that gives important insights into the overarching plot. It offers decent foreshadowing for Hamelin's route, which is back on the romance side of things. Hamelin's route gives an introduction to Robin Hood's route and the Brothel. The order of these two is interchangeable, but I'd recommend doing them before the last two routes.Caesar works best towards the end and before Soh, and both those routes are very sweet and romancey.If you follow this order, things should make more sense in the epilogue and grand finale.Not all the characters are written equally. You could rename Ozmafia ""The Kyrie Show"" and it would make perfect sense (for me at least).Caramia, the Cowardly Lion, is a rather straightforward guy. Honest, caring, sweet, 'act first, think later' kind of reckless. He can be pretty dumb at times, which makes him a perfect match for Fuka.Axel, the Tin Woodman, is reserved and duty bound. He's silent but the opposite of stoic, as hecares too muchand is terrified of misshaps. I personally found him too high maintenance in his own route; his transferred endings and love triangle conflicts were bearable, the rest was a bit of a slouch for me.Kyrie, the Scarecrow, stole the show for me. He's cunning, manipulative and cruel. His snark and generously distributed insults are 100% screenshot material. He also has a knack for dirty jokes. He is also terrifying due to his competence and lack of morals. Despite that,you discover soon enough that he is ultimately the most tragic character in the whole town, and the only one to regret his wish. He drops hints here and there that are pretty dark, and the amazing voicework in the epilogue made him unleashing his despair the only moment that made me cry. His pain is such that he gambles on Fuka's stupidity to relieve him--he wins if he loses his brain, he wins if he keeps it and has Fuka to soothe his constant sufferings.He's probably the most fleshed out in the whole cast.Pashet, the Puss in Boots, is overbearing at first due to her strict and knightly personality, but she is playing the long con with the cutest endings and a fair bit of character development that sadly isn't reflected in the other routes.Scarlet, Little Red Riding Hood, is one of those light tsunderes that once warm up enough are pure dere. He isthe cutestand a consistently positive character overall due to his maturity and beliefs.Hamelin, the Pied Piper, is a bit weird to unlock and a strange route overall because of his disconnected sweetness, perfect to get you thinking about the overarching plot. You do meet him towards the end of the other routesand he says pretty meta stuff that shouldn't be brushed off. The difference between his two endings is day and night.The Wilde boys of the brothel are Dorian Gray, Alfani the Happy Prince and Manboy the Swallow. While Ozmafia is sexy but never overtly sexual in all the other routes... it is here. The descriptions were decently explicit. I didn't hate this route and didn't find it particularly forced; I assume the Fuka of every route is slightly different, and in the brothel route she's stupid enough to ignore Manboy's pleas and come back time and time again. Manboy steals the show in this route, being a tragic character himself. Dorian shares with Kyrie several traits but not the charm, which make him a cheap villain to hate.Robin Hood felt to me like a discount Kyrie. Hell, Kyrie said it himself in one of the bonus scenes. He's an okay character in all the other routes, but becomes insufferable in his own, and Fuka reaches new levels of stupidity that I thought couldn't be achieved. Put it bluntly, I didn't see anything desireable or romance worth in him, with his brash words, bleak worldview and a noble, albeit self destructive goal, that Fuka manages to shatter.He also drugs her to coax her into having sex with him... yeah, no, thank you kindly. ♥♥♥♥ him. Worstmarried manboy there. Dorian does the same but the game doesn't want me to love him.Caesar, the Big Bad Wolfbut not really..., is a tsundere more on the tsun. You can visit him thanks to the Sunday Compromise. He's another one who plays the long con, with the most adorable CGs and overall cuteness. Regarding the revelation,it makes no sense, but is still a better explanation than Soh, so I'll live with that.Soh is an oddball. He's good at cooking, really sweet and yet there is something a little off about him. He's also the only one to not get an happy ending. Keep his route as last!There is a great difference in tone between the slice of life main routes and the dark epilogue, yet the links are plenty. Some explanations are stupid (Soh) and the setting is painfully underdeveloped (romanticized mafia LUL), but despite the merry adventures of Fuka, Ozmafia is deceptively deep, rich in literary references (duh) and has Kyrie in it.Thumbs up, highly recommended if you can stomach the painful flow."
,Recommended,303290,22813773,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rem Silvertongue,"TL;DR. 10/10, One of the best Otomes of all time. Well realised characters with fantastic development, attractive visuals and settings, wonderfully deep and intriguing universe and a brilliant soundtrack. Somewhat pricey as far as Otomes go, but it's well worth the cost.First of all, a friendly ""screw you"" to all of the spoilers in the reviews. No matter how small they were, they dulled my experience in what should have been powerful scenes quite a bit. I'll do my very best to sell this game while spoiling nothing.There are so many routes to choose from, and unlike some games, this one isn't overly ambiguous about which route you're being locked on to. It has a very user-friendly interface that allows you to select a character to spend time with. Which means, if you hang out with someone and change your mind, you still have time to find someone else to cling to! I've finished 4 playthroughs and completed 30-something percent of the gallery. There's a really cool system (which, admittedly, pads out the length a little) grants characters additional scenes on your second playthrough with them. It also seperates these scenes with unique loading screens so you know when you can safely stop skipping. Each route has multiple endings and there are way more routes with specific entry requirements. I accidentally landed on one of these, and it was absoloutely fantastic.So with that in mind, I've received about 9 endings so far, and have only actively hung out with 4 characters. And with each new route, I've learned so much more about everything and everyone and it's only deepened my curiosity about the universe and the charachers.The art style is vaguely reminiscent of Valkyria Chronicles, in the sense that it's like that of a storybook. The colours are somewhat watery and there are sometimes little blotches of colour on the screen. It might sound a little distracting but in actual fact, it's a fantastically subtle touch and it only emphasises the already impressive visuals. Every character is beautifully designed, with unique qualities matching their personalities. The backgrounds are pleasing to look out with enough detail to tell you where conversations are taking place, but not enough to be distracting, which is a nice balance.The soundtrack, though simplistic and somewhat limited, is still very good. It's not ""run off and buy"" good, but it compliments the game wonderfully and I think it more than lives up to everything else that the game does so well.I can't recommend this enough. It's a great Otome for anyone, whether you're a veteran or new to the genre, and I really wanted to get a review out there with no spoilers. Hopefully there aren't any big spoilers. I'm still mad that some routes were spoiled for me :c"
,Recommended,303290,24661496,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Camy,"I was finally able to play this game and the wait was very worth it!It's so great to see that the translation and localization went very well.  I dare say even perfect!  They kept the mafia feel with Italian words while also staying true to the original story.  The interface work is even great too, it feels so natural with it all translated.  Same thing for the opening and ending movies.The way the characters interact with each other is what I really love, especially with Japanese humor.  I've played Ceaser's route (the wolf) and I was dying with laughter.  I'm a huge comedy fan so when it's matched with romance, I adore it immensely.The MC, known as Fuka, can be quite clueless but I find it pretty adorable.  I can see why she would take everything so literal since she lost her memories.   You could compare her with Amnesia: Memories' heroine, but I find that Fuka to be more dimensional but that's because the two games are different, the other having a spirit helping her without others knowing while Fuka already has someone watching over her (in this case, the Oz group).   Fuka can be pretty silly and ignorant to some things (especially with others teasing her), she does pick up on it though later so she's not completely clueless.The full price is very worth it since the localization and artwork, CG, voicework, and story is very lovely so far.  I haven't gotten everything yet, but so far, I really like what I see.  I hope to see more otome games localized by MangaGamer.   Give it a shot when you can, no pun intended ;D"
,Recommended,303290,23724194,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ukelily,"My favorite otome yet! (Though we don't have access to many legit ones.) I can't get enough of this and am dying for more. ;-;PROS+Sexy boys+Beautiful artwork and character designs+An abundance of different characters and routes+Name the heroine+Fantastic music+Love Triangle Routes+Sexy boys+Cute heroine+Immersive stories+Wonderful voice acting+Great replay value as extra scenes are unlocked+Hella sexy boys+Have to go through several routes to understand a majority of the story+Skip already read scenes to quickly go through the storyCONS-Have to go through several routes to understand a majority of the story-Typical useless heroine-The pacing is randomly too fast-A few unanswered questions about characters and why certain things happened-Not very in-depth about character pasts and current thoughts/feelings about things-Who thought it was a good idea to name a character Manboy?!-There are not always voices for the characters-A lot of events are skipped which I found highly disappointing as it hyped me up to see it take place-A bit pricey (though I thought it was well worth it)-Not much intimacy between the heroine and her chosen lover-The routes felt a bit short-The endings to multiple routes felt rushed and ended abruptly-Quite a bit of loading screens-No achievementsETC, ETC.BE PREPARED TO CONNECT WITH AND FALL IN LOVE WITH SEVERAL CHARACTERS.10/10 despite the list of cons I put up :]$35 is totally worth it."
76561198149097865,Recommended,303290,22716978,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Miss_MelBell,"I can only speak for Axel's route so far, but this prety much played out like a REALLY good soap opera: Tons of drama, and a slow burn romance. His route almost killed me though..... I don't know if my heart can take another play through if each one hits you this hard in the feels. Usually, I don't care for love triangles but that one got me good.I actually wept. T-TOverall I have very few complaints. In any other VN, I probably would have considered this main character to be too dumb but I liked this game so much as a whole that it really didn't bother me. After a while, it was actually endearing when taken in context with her condition (as cliche as it is). The other characters even comment on her naivete like ""wow, how do you not know this stuff? It's pretty basic"" which I think helped sell the MC to me. There were times I wished she had more speaking parts that weren't one word answers or her repeating what someone said, but again, all the good bits of the game allowed me to overlook its flaws.I really enjoyed the music. Every track feels like it fits the scene and they are all fantastic.Absolutely loved the charater designs, voice acting, artwork and overall the plot was really enjoyable.Anyway, my head is still swimming and I'm having trouble finding more words to explain why I adore this game.Just buy it, It's worth every penny.TLDRPros:Georgeous artworkLovely soundtrackVoice actingClever modernizations of classic charactersRoutes are LONG (Axel's took me almost 6 hours to complete. I'm not sure about the others)ConsMain character can seem dumb at timesEnding was a little abrupt but it may just be the route I took"
,Recommended,303290,23832711,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ice,"I want to start this review by stating that:1* I've been playing a huge amount of visual novels. Ones made from actual known developers and ones from small time developers.2* I've also played a lot of games from PlayStation 1-4.3* I don't just write reviews for games. In fact, this is the first time I actually decided to write one for a game.Let me discuss what you'll find in the game..**Amazing visuals. From the Character design to the background.**Pleasing Soundtrack.**It's not fully voiced over but half, if not majority, of the time it is. The japanese voice acting are well done.**They have many characters.**Each character, despite having a lot of them, they have their own individuality. They have rich personalities I must say as well.**With that said, there are multiple routes to choose from and each has their own respective endings.**The Heroine has a wonderful character. Even with her memories gone, she does well in the game. Then again, this still probably depends on the player.What made me write this review is that I fell in love with all the characters. Not just with the Oz, who seem to be the main casts, but also those of other groups. Every conversation makes me laugh and love them even more. There are other visual novel that makes me laugh of course, but this one feels different.The story is not exactly 'romance-driven.' There IS the presence of romance in the game. You can't take that away; it is an Otome Visual Novel. But to me, in my eyes, this game shows more of the interaction of the characters to each other.To those who read this review, hope this helps you to decide whether you'd buy the game or not.I think it is worth the expense."
76561197997074904,Not Recommended,303290,32840719,Posted: 26 June,all,Quackles,"I'm trying so hard to like it, but every passing minute I'm growing more and more frustrated by how absolutley stupid the MC is. Losing your memory doesn't mean you have to lose common sense. You live in a town where mafia families are constantly fightning, and are specifically told to NOT go out at night. Pretty obvious what she decides to do. I'm gonna go for a walk! Idiot...The visuals, voice acting, and my curiousity on the background story of WHY they're human, and y'know...mafia, are the only reasons I haven't uninstalled yet. If it ends up being one of those games you have to play every single route to get a tiny bit of information on the 'big picture' I'm not even going to bother.Also the whole love triangle thing you have to go through for every route is really annoying. I didn't realize this was a love triangle game. I thought maybe one route, sure. But to get the 'true ending' you literally have to go through every route, with every other guy as the love triangle intrest. There's like 7 guys, and that's not to mention the Oz boys have 2 different triangle endings each, on top of the 2 pure endings.An example: You're pursuing Caramia, then Kyrie comes in. Chose Caramia, reload, chose Kyrie. reload, reject Kyrie, reload, reload reload.The walkthrough I'm using for Caramia is just so ridiculous, they have to actually tell you when to make new save files, so its easier to go back for all the other routes. Caramia's route page is so long, the scroll bar is a sliver. And this is the same for EVERY. SINGLE. GUY.Did I mention the MC is a literal doorknob? Actually no, a doorknob would be smarter than her."
76561198065603634,Recommended,303290,23279305,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,uberlichous,"I'm here to smack some sense into some of you folks who are skipping out on this game simply due to the price tag.Some Definitive Pros:Stunning Artwork and a bountiful amount of CGS.If you're a CG completionist the game makes you want to play every route.Lovely cast of VAs.The game is not fully voiced, but you do have full scenes of voice work vs games where you just get 'hey' 'oh' bits voiced in full sentences. All of the important and heart clenching parts are voiced.A lot of cusomization options to personalize your reading experience.You have options such as choosing text speed, a volume master that includes individual character controls, and even being able to disable the Protagonist's character sprite.20+ endings as described in the overview.You have good and what I call 'bittersweet' endings for each route.  If you unlock one ending for each character you get a fully voiced epilogue and if you unlock all endings (including the switch route endings!) you are given a fully voiced grand finale!The game brings some more adult themes that localized Otome games severely lack.I have no problem with endearing otome games depicting a pure and innocent love, but the localized Otome industry is severely lacking in adult content. While most games dance around certain topics in the writting and leave you guessing---its really nice to see (at least in some of the routes) a more adult relationship portrayed. And to answer your inevitable question: No, this game does not have H-scenes. At the same time, however, it does not shy away from adult topics and telling you outright that our protagonist has sexual encounters with her lover(Or multiple lovers--holy moly I still can't believe the brothel route is a thing that actually happened). I do consider this a step in the right direction to show the industry that girls DO want 18+ otome games localized.Pro/Cons Depending on your PerspectiveConstant Loading screenscan get a little annoying on your first playthrough but they becomeEXTREMELYhandy when speeding through your second run and onwards.  After completing a route for the first time you will unlock bonus mini-scenes that add to the character/story.  You'll notice a mini-scene via the blue silhouettes vs the usual orange.The Oz Love Triangles.The writting gets a little hasty and is not paced very well in my opinion. It just adds a little quick drama to a story that was already progressing just fine. When you do switch the writing is short and doesn't really give you much time to attach to the new love interest before reaching of the two endings. Its not all bad, however. The game provides different pre-triangle stories per route per intended rival (i.e. Your beginning to date Kyrie scenarios are different depending on if Axel or Caramia is your 2nd runner in affection). ALSO If you do switch you get a bit more information on the boys that isn't present in their main routes as well as some CGs.The game is written in 3rd person vs the usual 1st person for visual novels. I know a lot of readers prefer a more immersed experience and this can disrupt that.The Bad:The story gets a little confusing at times and it leaves you questioning a few things even after the Grand Finale.What happens to Ceaser and Hamelin? Is Fuka/Protagonist considered ruling class?Given the amount of quality content, OZMAFIA!! Is definitely worth the price tag (and is actually even more in JP so we actually have it at a 50% price drop). Please give OZMAFIA!! a chance and support the visual novel localization industry!"
,Not Recommended,303290,28895145,Posted: 1 January,all,Hina,"Although I am a bit disappointed, this is still a beautiful game art-wise. OZMAFIA!! set my expectations ridiculously high and it only delivered on art, SFX detail, and maybe characters. As far as the Heroine/Protag/You[us] goes, it is probably what prevents me from completing any more routes on this game. While OZMAFIA!! has some nice customization options for immersion, I wish there were options for how incredibly oblivious, unintelligible and WTF you can make the Protag. I understand the Protag has amnesia, I totally get it. But by the gods her character is so unacceptable. [insert “I’ve played a lot of otomes in my time and this has one of the worst protags ever” remark here].Also the loading screen that occurs throughout the game with the musical jingle was precious at first...however it becomes very tiresome and it honestly breaks immersion for me.Initially I was going to give this game a recommended review but after a lot of thought, I honestly can say I would not recommend this game."
76561198081277620,Recommended,303290,22879571,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Dragain,"The game deals with some pretty dark themes (there's drugging in one/two routes, for example) and can get quite gory in terms of description (not visually though) when fights happen. So if you're someone who's looking for a PG-rated game, you might not enjoy all 9 routes. If your mind is open, please buy Ozmafia! It's a pretty decent otome. :D+ Reasonable price for the amount of time you'll spend on this game (9 routes, at least 2 endings each)+ Some endings/stories are bittersweet, which I personally feel enhances the story and make me care for the characters more (I mean, if you've played Hakuouki, aka everyone you love will die, you will understand what I mean)+ Nice art, fits the atmosphere and ""fairy tales/fables"" influence of the game+ Pleasant sound track and the OP is pretty catchy!+ Translations try to retain the feel/meaning of the original text; instead of just translating 'ojousan/ojouchan' as 'young lady', Caramia (of the Italian-influenced Oz family) uses the Italian term 'signorina' while Hamelin (Pied Piper of German origin) uses the German term 'fräulein'; it adds to the narrative as well as give the characters more personality+ Good voice acting, even if the VAs are not big names; I would LOVE to see more work from them in the future+ Funny banter and good chemistry between the characters+ Pretty impressive world building, and you gradually find out more about the world as you complete each route, leading to the Grand Finale/Epilogue-/+ It being only 70% voiced can be a little distracting, but it's easy to get used to after a while-/+ Repetitive text in some parts of the story, but you can skip through them to get to the fresh/new stuff-/+ No ""romance indicator"" to let you know if you're making the right choices, but easily solved with a walkthrough-/+ Loading screen pops up as transition between scenes and it can get pretty annoying- THE BROTHEL ROUTE is uncomfortable to play (could be personal opinion though); if you are wary about it, try playing it in the middle or at the start so that the other routes can act as a palate cleanser!- Same thing with Robin Hood's route; it can get uncomfortable for some people...- If you like to figure out the answers yourself, not having a ""romance indicator"" can be a pain"
76561198164803825,Recommended,303290,23008042,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,LeviMika,"If you love playing otomes, this game is a good addition to your collection but honestly, I'd recommend getting it on sale as I don't think it's worth the full original price but it depends on what you're looking for. Still, no regrets buying it. Now, firstly, some personal criticisms, then some good :3To put some relevance and potentially be helpful as a comparison, some of my favorite otomes/VNs are The Second Reproduction, Nameless, Dandelion and Cupid and I don't think OZMAFIA!! surpassed any of those frankly (and two of those games are basically free). I like story-rich plots and hate games with tons of unanswered questions and plotholes, and found too many of the latter even after finishing every. single. route. of this game.Now some things I enjoyed about OZMAFIA!! (I seriously can't help exclaiming the title every time I read and/or type it out ~0~;;).- The sprites are absolutely GORGEOUS. Some of the prettiest sprites I've seen even though the guys remind you of Diabolik Lovers but less...sadistically crazy lol so definite plus in my book- The voice acting was also done well, especially those by Pashet, the 3 OZ boys, Hamelin, and Scarlet, just a shame it's only partially voiced but I went into the game knowing that so didn't mind the missing portions as much as others.- TONS of routes, and not all of them are romantic per se...I'd advise following a walkthrough if you're a completionist like me- MC isn't a doormat and she's actually pretty hilarious at times with a lot of spunk and appropriately cued stubbornness. She is also adorably optimistic, albeit somtimes naively so, but I actually didn't mind her naivité as much as I would in other games because her sanguine disposition was pleasantly infectious. I also liked the fact that she's somewhat AWARE of her present uselessness and tries making up for it somehow, unlike a lot of other amnesiac characters.TL;DR: I'm guilty for over-thinking a lot of details in games, books, shows, life in general (lulz sigh), so I tend to nitpik when something just has too many unanswered details/plot-hole inconsistencies, which is why I felt a tad unsatisfied at the end with this game. But, if you go into this game not expecting much depth but a pretty decent way to pass time by looking at pretty sprites/cgs and listening to decent VAs, this game is worth playing. Regardless of it all, if you like otomes half as much as I do, I definitely recommend buying this game at some point (especially when it's on sale) to support the release of future otomes :)"
,Recommended,303290,31026947,Posted: 8 April,all,Izarallia,"After 80 hours played I have finally got 100% completion.  I wanted to wait until I officially finished the game before writing a review.  This may contain spoilers (depending on how you look at things), so read at your own risk.  Otherwise, I give it a 10/10 ratingLet me start by saying this is by far the best otome I have ever played in my life and I have played quite a few.  Most otomes have one or maybe two characters I am interested in; the rest of the storylines have no appeal to me.  This one was different.  Every storyline has some appeal to it.  There are my favorites (Kyrie and Hamelin), but I enjoyed them all.  A lot of people seem to be saying that the Brothel storyline ruined the game for them.  The point of an otome is to appeal to a wide variety of people.   I would probably say I liked the Brothel storyline least of all, but it didn’t really bother me.  (This is also coming from someone who is a big fan of Diabolik Lovers (Laito ❤))  If you are just completely opposed to kinky, mental abuse, then yeah, you are going to have problems with the Brothel storyline, but it would be a shame to let one storyline ruin an amazing game.This otome gives incentive to finish it 100%.  This is how it works.  You play a storyline to the ending, either A or B (both are “good” endings, there really isn’t any “bad” endings, but obviously, you’ll like one more than the other).  When you play that storyline again to get the other ending you will see scenes you didn’t see before.  Mostly private scenes showing what the main love interest is thinking/doing.  It gives a lot of insight into the story.  The Oz boys each have two pure love endings and two transferred endings (when you start with one guy but halfway through decide to be with one of the others).  They are the only ones to have transferred endings.  Everyone else has two endings each.After you have gone through each storyline once the book the main character is holding on the title screen will be clickable and you will be able to see the epilogue.  DO NOT DO THIS YET.  It is tempting and you will get a lot of answers, but you will be frustrated because the grand finale will not open until you have somewhere above 90% completion, I don’t remember what number exactly.  I recommend you play through each of the endings (Don’t forget to reject one Oz guy for another ending) and then do both the epilogue and grand finale.When you have completed this game 100% I think every question should be answered.  Unless I forgot something, I was completely satisfied with the story at the end.  I see a lot of people complain that there were a lot of unanswered questions, but if you do all the storylines, the epilogue, and the grand finale, everything should be answered.  If you are looking for a game to just play through once, this is not the game for you; you will be left with a lot unanswered.I think the best way to play the game (which I didn’t do unfortunately T_T) is:1.	All Oz storylines – These give the most overall to the main storyline2.	Pashet – This is a friendship line and you’ll still be dealing with the Oz boys a lot, so I just think this one makes sense to play next.3.	Brothel -  You can probably play this one at any time.  It contributes the least amount to the main storyline, so I think it’s better to just get it over with before you get too hooked on wanting answers.  I would just try to at least play it before Hamelin’s story.4.	Scarlet -  I really recommend playing Scarlet before Hamelin.5.	Hamelin - (Reject an Oz boy to get this one) Make sure to play both of Hamelin’s lines before Robin hood, just because I think it makes you feel hyped up about Robin Hood’s storyline where there was no hype (at least for me) before.6.	Robin Hood -  This is a big “answers” storyline.7.	Caesar -  Play this one before Soh.8.	Soh -  This will leave you with a bunch questions that will be answered in the epilogue.9.	Epilogue10.	Grand FinaleAt the end, all your questions should be answered and you should be left with a smile on your face.(To unlock all the storylines a guide would be helpful.  I played it through once on my own and then used the guide to help unlock the rest.  The guide I used washttps://welcometowonderland.me/2016/04/29/ozmafia-caramia-walkthrough/)"
,Recommended,303290,22747055,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,momokeen,"I hardly ever write reviews, but felt that this one was necessary.  At the time of this review, I've completed one route, which took 5.5 hours.  I loved this game!  As another reviewer has said before me, this was really the full otome experience, harkening back to games like Amnesia and Hakuoki, Dandelion and Nameless.  After playing mobile otome games for the past few months since I don't have a PSP, this was a more than welcomed change, the depth and length (bow-chicka-bow-wow?) of the storyline dwarfing the typical mobile experience, leaving me more than satisfied with the time spent.Right off the bat, the artwork really stands out.  The light watercolor-esque designs of the characters, settings, and CGs lend a luminosity to the experience despite the darkness of the storyline in places.  The music is inobtrusive and atmospheric, and the characters are well-developed, nuanced, and dynamic.  The inter-character relationships are well-developed from the start too, and the dialogue is realistic, really well-translated, and quite funny!The MC, Fuka (renamable), is pretty vapid, though her cheerful air-headedness certainly makes for some pretty funny situations, especially when placed against Caesar or sharp-witted Kyrie.  Her complacency bothered me a little, as I'd have thought someone who lost all of her memories and woke up in a strange place where no one knows her would kind of want to work on figuring stuff out, but she's just as content to let the Oz family take care of her like a pampered housepet, which more than one character points out to her.I enjoyed the adaptations of the Oz ""Main Three"" for this game: The Cowardly Lion has earned his courage, yet lacks brains; The Scarecrow has a razor-sharp wit, yet in all other ways lacks a heart; The Tinman has a heart, but lacks courage and is very shy in the face of love.  It's little tweaks like this that really made this game unique and its characters quite endearing to me.Relationships are built slowly and, for the most part, blindly (there are no heart gauges or affection menus), letting you get to know the characters like you're peeling the layers off of an onion (or a cake, or a parfait!), until you reach their rich, nougaty center.  (Why does this onion have a nougat center?  What has happened here?)Sunday is the only day of the week that the mafia famiglie agree on a strictly imposed peace (violations punishable by death in some cases), and allow you to visit with a character of your choice in order to build your relationship.  I started off picking Caesar whenever possible, apparently because I have a predilection for things like Hybristophilia and Stockholm Syndrome.  JKlulz ~ I just really really love tsundere characters, and what can be more tsun tsun than a guy who's literally trying to kill you, amirite?  (sigh)  Courting the literal Big Bad Wolf on the Sunday Compromise starts out as an exercise in futility.  Over the weeks that you visit him every Sunday, there certainly were moments that I doubted that the appeals to Caesar's humanity would prove fruitful, as they must, considering he's like a viable romanceable character, but I was rewarded in the end for my foolhardy persistence.  That being said, I could totally see how a bad ending would be possible if you weren't thorough enough with your good choices.  My advice, as always, is to quick save at the choice and wait for the affirming ""ding"".  Without playing the other routes, I just felt like you walk a very, very fine line between love and impending doom in this route, Caesar sometimes playing the caged animal peering out from between the bars all too well.  On the other hand, once you've won him over completely, he's fiercely loyal and unarmingly sweet, though still a blustering, self-important tsundere character, no matter what anyone says, huffing and puffing like the Big Bad Wolf should.In short, Ozmafia!! is a well-designed, beautiful otome experience that both rookies and veterans alike would enjoy, as well as fans of fairy tales, manga, and anime."
76561198208479477,Not Recommended,303290,33839428,Posted: 27 July,all,brouk.v117,"I'm sorry to be a party pooper, but I just can't give this game a positive review.The art, voice actors and the concept of the game are amazing, but sadly that's probably all.The game itself wasn't bad, but there are several major drawbacks forcing me to disagree with all of those enthusiastic reviews.I could write a long text about things people already mentioned, like painfully stupid and unreasonable MC or annoying loading screens, but I will better focus on one thing that pained me the most which is the storyline.The game gives you drastically more questions than answers, which I didn't mind at first but after finishing the game I feel just empty. Half of the routes just leads to nowhere and the endings are quite disatisfying and neglected. The most annoying thing is that the game forces you to play everything over and over and over and over again and I honestly admire people who got all of the endings without walkthroughts, I would never have the nerve to go through it more times than I had to in order to unlock the grand ending.Some of the characters have a great potential, but they just don't have enought space, the routes feel rushed and unfinished. After first few routes I stopped counting how many times I was just staring at that dark screen like ""please tell me it's not the end yet""Hamelin's route was just one big joke. During the entire game I believed Hamelin will be that kind of ""fated"" partner for MC who is much more wounded than he looks like. But nope, that guy get's like 30 minutes of gameplay while both of the endings are again pretty disatisfying. On the other hand he might be the only character that really got my full attention...just to have me totally heartbroken when I got to know his route is more like a trailer for a whole TV series that is never coming.In overal I don't regret playing it, but I belive that with this potential it could be much better than this."
76561198029219704,Recommended,303290,22713062,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Polite Society,"I'm enjoying myself so far.Beautiful artwork and attractive voice overs. Some weird translation / transitional things but nothing earth shattering. (ex: it transitions to ""She did x thing."" instead of ""I did x thing.""  And Ojouchan to seniorita throws me off a little)But overall pretty great so far :)"
76561198124250252,Not Recommended,303290,22880570,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Oddlyx_xCrystal,"This game at first seemed interesting so I bought it. I have done all of the romances (I have yet to finish all the possible different endings). The game itself looks pretty and seems promising at first. I will say now that it took me awhile to get through all the romances because I got bored. I don't think it is a terrible game but I didn't particulary enjoy it myself. The romances were dull at times and disturbing at some points. There was only one romance I enjoyed and that was caesar, the rest were a bit dull or weren't neartly fleshed out enough. Despite having a great many romance options I felt very limited within the game. The protaganist was weak, indesisive, and an airhead. The story annoyed and bored me. I won't spoil anything but I was fairly dissapointed and let down by it the ending.  Now just because I myself disliked the game doesn't mean everyone will, it has gotten good reviews on here from what I have seen but don't go into it expecting anything amazing because even at it's best it was mediocre.  There were only 3 romances I even thought were semi okay and the story just annoyed me the rest of the time. I was so bored having to skip over all the repetative dialoge that I was forced to go through every single romance.   I have played better otome games and some that are much worse, so overall it's dull and repetative not something I enjoyed or would play again."
,Recommended,303290,24828955,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ecclesia,"I bought Ozmafia!! for two reasons: the artwork is gorgeous and the story sounded interesting. I'm glad I did, because I honestly enjoyed this game more than I thought I would. It had a few issues for me, but overall my experience in the game was pleasant. Since I try to end things on positive notes, I'll start with the bad.(For this review, I use the herione's default name of Fuka)Negative- While the majority of the music was very nice, that jingle during the scene transition quickly got on my nerves. You can turn it off, but doing so means turning off the sound effects which was fine for me in the end, but some people might not want to lose all of them.- Having more options is usually never a bad thing, but I feel like they wanted so many character routes but didn't have time to really flesh them all out? The Oz boys, of course, have the most in terms of story-content, but on the flip side you have characters likeHamelinand Caesar, who felt very rushed? The first more so than the second, honestly.- I'm sure someone out there liked the Brothel and Robin Hood routes, but I honestly could not stand them. The Brothel route, had it just been a developing romance between Fuka and Manboy (or even Alfani) would have been fine, but Dorian just ruined it for me. True, you can choose options that lead to Fuka willingly staying, but the whole route just left me very uncomfortable. Now Robin Hood's route, oh boy, let me tell you I was super frustrated when I realized where it was heading. Which was early on because they did not seed the 'surprise' of this route very well.Listen, I'm all for 'person loses someone they love and mourns them but are able to find love again' because it's realistic; there's no rule saying that just because you love one person, you can't love another, but dude Robin Hood just, I mean look, there is mourning the loss of a loved one and then there is Robin Hood's method, which was tokeep his wife in a state of being semi-alive in his basement inside of a glass coffin (is she supposed to be Snow White??) so he could try to heal her but having to be careful because if he 'wakes' her up too soon then she'll die.His whole route could have been the hurt/comfort trope and it would have been fine, hell his desire for vengeance could have still factored in, but the way it turned out was just disgusting. In one of his endings, I didn't get the sense that he really loved Fuka—he was just settling for her, sincehis wife finally died but said it was cool before she did, and in the other, well he doesn't love her at all and so she becomes a nun. And the best part of all this? It doesn't matter which ending you're going for, because he's still going to show up at Fuka's cottage, ask her to tell him if she loves him, thengives her a drug and sleeps with her, leaving marks on her body afterwards.- I'm pretty sure this feature was used as a way of appealing to a replay, I wasn't fond of how certain scenes could only be accessed during second playthroughs. It's not a huge deal, because I had to go back through some of the routes anyway for CG's but, it leads into my last issue with the game...- The pacing. The story for this game is interesting, I'm a sucker for fairytale's and reimagining them, but the pacing for this game is so weird. Like I said above, a lot of extra scenes are unlocked only if you replay a route, but that means on your first time through, you're going to be left wondering why a scene ended suddenly and why when the next begins, it seems like a lot of time has passed. Even with the extra scenes, it doesn't help too much in some areas (like fight scenes), and it's sad because I feel like if they had done a better job with that, then this game would have been even better.- Fuka's amnesia is literally never resolved in any of the routes. It's constantly talked about, but nothing comes of it until the epilogue and grand finale, which while I enjoyed both, are locked behind objectives: to get the epilogue, you must see at least one ending from every route. To get the grand finale, you must see ALL endings for all the routes AND you'll need to watch the epilogue. This was annoying because it meant I had to go through routes I'd rather not have (the Brothel and Robin Hood ones especially), but thankfully the game offers a skip mode. Both the epilogue and grand finale have nothing to do with the romance routes, btw.Positive- The artwork is absolutely gorgeous. It was also nice to have a little avatar of Fuka, showing her expressions during her speech and such. I'm disappointed that she wasn't voiced during the main game, because when you hear her voice in the epilogue and grand finale, it's so adorable.- Despite the choppy pacing, the story was interesting. It's obviously heavily focused on the story of Dorothy and her time in Oz, but I felt like the spin they put on it was really good.I wish we could have met Dorothy outside of the grand finale, she was adorable and I'm so happy my fear of her being evil didn't come true, I just felt so bad for her not being allowed to live with the others, even though she allowed Fuka to remain.- Even though some of the routes were disappointing, like the ones I mentioned above, I did enjoy a vast majority of the ones offered and even some of the NPC's. I liked how so many fairytale characters were reimagined and their personalities were very different (Hansel and Gretel were hilarious, btw). The Oz guys were all great, and I had a hard time choosing one I liked more, though I think Kyrie wins for me; I have a thing for characters like his, and after viewing the epilogue and grand finale, it feels like his has the most involvement in the overall story. Caramia was super sweet and Axel was adorable. Scarlet's route would have earned more points if I felt like they took the romance aspect more seriously, and Soh was also a character who took me by surprise! I definitely recommend giving him a shot, because his endings are emotional and he, like Kyrie, has a deeper connection to the overall plot.- Caesar was also a surprise; he spends most of the game as the 'bad guy' but it's easy to see when he shows up more that he's not nearly as threatening as he makes himself out to be, and his romance was adorable; I have a thing for gruff guys who are secretly soft and affectionate. He has a lot of interactions with Soh, so I liked that as well!- I had to follow a guide to get the Transfer Endings, which are essentially you start romancing one guy, but wind up with another. These are only available for the Oz guys (Caramia, Kyrie, and Axel). When you're playing and going for one of them, another will usually fall for Fuka and that will result in a love triangle. You can either reject them by going along with the route for the guy you want or, if you pick different answers, you can decide to leave the first guy and choose the second. The reason I list this under a positive is because the game handles this choice relatively well. It's obvious that it hurts the guys, but Fuka also goes through some guilt over it, but when it's all over and the choice is made, all of them act like adults. Plus, some of the transferred endings are actually nicer than the Pure Love endings--Kyrie's transfer ending A was, in my opinion, absolutely adorable and I kind of consider that my 'canon' route. Caramia and Axel's were nice as well, but I have a bias for Kyrie I think.Overall, the game was worth the price for me and I hope they release the other's over here, because I'd definitely like more Ozmafia!! content to play."
76561198128540424,Recommended,303290,30428946,Posted: 10 March,all,griffonary,"So I've played most of this game now (offline), and I recommend it to anyone into otome games while pointing out a few things.PROS:+ super cute artwork. I really love the style itself and the character designs are all brilliant as well.+ A+ voices.+ cool take on the Wizard of Oz story and other fictional characters. really interesting and unique.+ I do love the dudes I've played so far, even the darker ones, but those things are always subjective.+ if you replay a route, you get extra scenes that add quite a bit of context to the story.+ lots of choices, something I'm not really used to from most otome games.CONS:- Fuka (the MC) is next level useless and bland. she has no real personality (yes, she has amnesia, but BOY is it hard to forgive her utter lack of character even knowing this). she always just comes along for the ride. she has no strong opinions on anything. does she love the guy she's with? who knows? not I. not her. she SAYS she does, so.... I guess? basically she's an empty shell who says yes and amen to everything and is so unbelievably stupid at times it makes you WISH the guys out to kill her would just FINALLY SUCCEED.- game skips over a lot of stuff that would be interesting. can be good when you just wanna focus on the romance, kinda rips you out of the immersion more often than not though. (e.g. a fight ensues, 2 people face each other, suddenly you're back home and it's been a week since that happened and everything's dandy.)- SOME CHARACTERS DO NOT HAVE ANY REALLY GOOD ENDINGS. this is a big no-no for me, so be warned. yes, some characters do not have ANY endings that are happy, even if they're stamped as the ""good"" ending, you do NOT end up together or your relationship isn't really acknowledged.WARNINGYes, the brothel route is dark and twisted and abusive. I personally like it in principle as I don't mind this brand of darkness, however, Fuka's blank slate character that makes her seem like a clueless child makes the whole thing EXTRA creepy and put a lot of people off.TL;DRIt's good. There's a lot of content. 10 characters to pursue, each with at least 2 endings. The Oz guys get 4. Those have 2 ""transfered endings"", meaning you start out pursuing one of them and end up choosing his rival. Surprisingly, those endings are somehow cuter than the ones you get if you stick with your original choice. Overall I love it, but you're gonna get cheated out of a happy ending quite a few times. 7/10. Would recommend Cheritz games before this one (Dandelion, Nameless for PC and Mystic Messenger for phone)."
,Recommended,303290,32146216,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,OZMAFIA!! is my number one favorite otome game of all time. I enjoyed every characters route and gained all endings twice. This is a game I could play over and over and never get sick of it. Highly recommended.
76561198143070874,Recommended,303290,28804298,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yukio,"This game is a masterpiece.You are dragged to the unknown world ruled by mafia families, where as an innocent and beautiful young lady you start to explore it and get to know its inhabitants. What is more, you do not get bored, there always happens something interesting. Even if some events are not shown directly(eg. beauty pageant), it is still addictive. Not to mention a beautiful art style and partial voice acting, which hook you even more into this game.What makes this game a gem is the characters. They are vivid, mysterious and almost all of them are captivating. It is as if you were dragged into a book, where you fall in love with those people, start to understand them and their feelings. Additionally, you can interact with them. You could say that this is purpose of the game: to be able to pick answers and to lead the story by your own. However, I could not say which person I would choose finally, they are all so impressive(really, I even cheered for Pashet x Axel, even though he is my favourite one here). There are about 9 romanceable guys(I don’t know how to count those from the brothel route xd), one friendship route and about 21 endings.What is the best part of this game is that a player develops some kind of bond towards the characters. Their relationships and the way they talk to each other seem to be natural, as if they were real. The atmosphere of conflict which can be triggered anytime is also convincing. And after you finish all the routes and the secret ending, you start to miss this game: Axel’s cute awkwardness toward the MC, Caramia’s protective attitude, even Kyrie’s mean yet intelligent comments.When you come back to browse CGs gallery, characters welcome you in Japanese, and talk to you about particular photos. I find it charming. The game is more authentic with such details.In conclusion: this is not just a game; this is an experience of befriending a whole bunch of wonderful people, and this experience will stay with you for a long time."
76561198045361372,Not Recommended,303290,30713479,Posted: 24 March,all,akaisha0,"How on Earth does this game have good reviews? I've never played such a well recieved game in my life that is this unfinished. This should be called ""Plot points that go no where ever: the game"".I don't mind games that you have to read between lines. Keep your story simple if you're going to go that route. Ozmafia tries to set up all these ideas but refuses to explore any of them: not a single one. So you're left with all these starting plot points without anything to tie them together or even a base plot to really make a game out of. This game culminates to nothing until the end when you're given a shot in the dark at what the game is ""really"" about but it comes out of nowhere. It's like..a mini trailer for an upcoming episode of a show but you never get the full show. You just get one trailer after another after another. This game gives you a ton of content in that respect but without any follow throughs there's 0 chemistry between ANYONE because no one is left in a situation long enough to see it conclude. There's no build up to the confession scenes at all. There's no chemistry building, there's not a lot of time spent together in meaningful ways (with the exception of the brothel hilariously enough), and suddenly you're confessed to that they're in love with you and...I'm just sitting here like ""HOW!?"".I can think of only one scene that has a conclusion and that was breakfast. And all they did was eat breakfast and then they were done eating. But at least it had an ending to the scene. And there was a sort of conclusion to the beauty pageant even if the entire thing takes place in the ""fade to black"" and then is explained to you in four sentences after it happens. But it doesn't actually mean anything to the story. Situations never develop into ANYTHING EVER.-Oh, Cesar is back in town and wants to kill you still? Let's not address this in any way. Have a duel happen off screen. And then cut to the next day where we'll never speak of it again. Because we won't even address who Cesar is and what he wants from you the entire game unless you do his route or So's route. Otherwise, he'll just keep popping in the story and no one seems to care. At all. No one even pays attention to the fact it's happening. It's completely inconsequential to the story.-Oh, you're in love and dating now? Okay. Let's have a confession screen, fade to black IMMEDIATELY after your love interest says he's in love with you, and then never mention it ever again.-Here, go into town with Axel so you can talk about absolutely nothing. You don't have to buy anything. You just go into town, have about 6 lines of dialogue and then fade to black and it's tomorrow.-Let's run back into a violent scuffle to find this little girl we apparently saw earlier despite the fact it's never mentioned that you saw her and she never shows up on screen UNTIL you go back to save her. And then she's never brought up again. No one talks about who SHE is or why you went back into the line of fire. No one talks about who she is. I'm not convinced she even really exists. No one even vaguely aludes to her presence but she's clearly physically there.-Here, go to a meeting about the upcoming festival. Oh, wait, you can't be there. Get kicked out of meeting and stand outside while the meeting takes place off screen. You're never filled in on the meeting. The only reason you're in this scene at all is to show that a meeting is in fact happening. But, not about anything relevant to the story nor will you ever find out the contents of said meeting or any implications it doesn't have on the story anyway. Literally, this entire scene is you walking to the meeting with Kyrie, getting kicked out of the meeting, and sitting outside talking to Axel about absolutely nothing until the meeting concludes, Kyrie comes out and....fade to black. It's tomorrow!-You have amnesia and no one knows who you are. No one seems to care either and this will not be a relevant plot point EVER until the very end of the game and even then it's explained in two pages and never matters ever again. It does absolutely nothing in the story. Not a thing. Caramia brings it up once because he's reading a book on it. Does this ever come up again ever? Nope.-Let's have an entire scene where we burn books to cook potatoes. Did we accidentally burn a book we needed? Nope. Is there a reason we couldn't have prepared the potatoes in doors like other food scenes? Nope. Do we get to witness the potato eating as we connect together as an odd family just enjoying each other's presence? Nope. This scene, like every scene in this entire game, has no baring on the story and no conclusion. It's barely a set up, virtually no middle content..and then no conclusion either. No plot advancement. No character advancement.-Carmia talks about how he's always prone to getting sick. This will never come up again. Ever. An entire scene is spent for him to talk about how he's always sick and it doesn't do anything for the story and is never brought up.-Dr. Robin Hood is here to conduct a physical on everyone! Why? Uh...no reason. This doesn't go anywhere. You take a nap while the boys get checked out, Dr. Robin Hood comes to your room to perform your physical. Everyone is healthy. Doesn't even use this as a chance to talk about how Caramia is always sick. You're perfectly fine too. Nothing happens. Fade to black.Honestly the brothel has more development than the main three love interests. Everyone talks about how strange the brothel route is because it has the least to do with the story. And you're right, it does! But because of that, it also actually goes places with its development in characters and its own plot. It actually has substance to it.It doesn't really give you any foundation for a relationship with any of these characters. They just WEREN'T trying. If this wasn't a dating sim I'd be more forgiving but the fact it does have the audacity of culminating in a relationship (that comes out of nowhere and goes nowhere) is a problem. I don't think its worth the money. I love the idea, I love the anime..the anime has more depth than this game does. And the anime is 12 episodes of 4 minute long situations and that's it. And THAT has more development than this game. And before you try to tell me, you unlock scenes after you play a route...1. the unlocked scenes don't give anything to the story either. 2. You have to play through this game so many times just to unlock stuff. It is the biggest chore I've ever had in a dating sim. 3/4 the game is the same regardless of who you pursue but those choices matter so you have to go through that same 3/4 the game over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over to unlock everything to try to make this game maybe a fraction more sense."
,Recommended,303290,24070321,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ribbonacci,"Finally finished this game 100%, and I really loved it!Pros:+ The art is SO pretty. CGs are gorgeous, character designs are really nice (Caramia, unf), and even the backgrounds are pretty.+ Nice soundtrack+ Japanese voice acting. Although, not all the scenes have voicing, and Fuka is only voiced in the Epilogue/Grand Finale.+ Plenty of different routes and endings!+ Interesting Story. Some routes had more interesting stories than others for me, and some routes were a bit more confusing than others.Cons:- The stupid loading eyecatch screens between each short screen along with that repetitive little jingle. Some scenes were really short which led to those screens. There was just too many of them.- There is no affection meter to monitor your progress- The game is really repetitive because each route uses the same main storyline. So most of my gameplay after completing one route was in skip mode.- Fuka is your typical useless airhead otome MC, but she is cute, so she has that going for her.- Hansel is not romanceable :("
,Recommended,303290,32747120,Posted: 24 June,all,Shadowsevilfish,"A mafia, in an otome? Well, how insane, right? But how unique. For the first time, I throughly enjoyed an otome without the worry of repetitiveness, because it was actually an endearing story that was written well. So before the title throws you off, maybe you could learn that uniqueness isn't quite so bad.Ozmafia really brought some old beloved characters from 'The Wizard Of Oz' back to us all in the same art style as Diabolik Lovers. While the game really did seem to have a lot in common with the other, more popular game series- they used their own devices to make a very heart wrenching story with beautiful characters. A world that is painted in a special way that you can see both sides of every story allows a more in depth experience. You can easily become attached to these characters, and it makes for all the better impact in the end.In terms of negative, this, like all games- does fall into the repetitive. There's no real commitment to the game or story other than however empathetic you are to the characters and story. It is, unfortunately, another 'just click to get your man' kind of game. There is also a story you can follow that tricks you into thinking you can have a Yuri relationship- but it is not the case."
,Recommended,303290,22730766,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Nurie,"I've played up to 3 characters at this point, Caramia, Axel and Kyrie and got most of their routes done. The game has very beautiful art, a lot of play time and I like how there's so many different routes. There's at least around 8 (not sure how many brothel chars there are you can play) playable characters. The 3 main characters alone get 4 routes each. Because there's so many, I think it was a good choice that there is no ""super heartbreaking"" bad ending. It ends on a bittersweet note but still I would say it is a favorable outcome. This is really good for those really worried about bad endings (like me).It's also a game I could recommend to people who are new to otome games. Oh, also, this game is only partially voiced so not every single line has the characters talking. From experience, I think it is 60%-70% voiced? The UI is simple, but still pretty enough and very easy to use. I think it was translated pretty well and from what I remember, not much (or was there any at all? if there were, it is rare) typographical errors. Again, this is only speaking from my experience with the 3 main playable characters, not sure about the rest.It's a bit on the pricier end, but seeing as I paid even way more for other games in CDN dollars, I feel this is really, really worth the price."
76561198039570879,Not Recommended,303290,25064883,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Moondrop,"The biggest pro for this game is the gorgeous art. Otherwise, the writing feels like a train wreck. This is after playing Axel's, Robin Hood's, and Caesar's routes. I've decided not to play the other routes due to how playing feels like a chore rather than enjoyable.The main character is generally irritating since she does not have a single thought in her head. She is a prime example of an useless heroine. Having to struggle through the story with her is definitely a big con.There's no real flow to the story and everything is very random. There will be a festival or a fight scene playing. When it's about to reach the exciting part of that scene, the game will suddenly skip over it and cut to a new day/scene. There may be a short and poor summary of what happened in a flashback or converstation after.If the abrupt scene changes was not enough to make the experience jarring, the voiced lines randomly cut out. Not all lines are voiced so the voiced lines sporadically come in and out. At first I thought I had accidentally muted the voices.After playing several other Otome games before this, for the price tag I was expecting a more quality experience. Sadly, that was not the case."
76561198052385248,Recommended,303290,22830147,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GhostCat,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDI finally completed the game 100%THE GAME IS SIMPLY AMAZING.  Really worth the asking price.TONS of Beautiful  CG10 character to choose From with each 2-3 routes.By replaying each route you get some extra scene (characters insight)I really liked each character and their routes.After completting each  route, You can  unlock the Epilogue and Grand Ending.Which Makes me want to replay the game again.10/10"
,Recommended,303290,32231782,Posted: 6 June,all,wolfwomansilver,"Quick Look: Ozmafia!!So, the summer steam sale came and went and Ozmafia!! was on sale for a whopping 15% off. But I was impatient and grabbed it anyhow. $5 savings is $5 savings after all. And I couldn’t wait any longer.Genre: Visual Novel, Fantasy, RomanceOddly enough my first two tries I ended up with a minor character. And not on purpose. It was a tad frustrating. I did eventually figure out what I was doing wrong, but it wasn’t as clear as I would have liked.Artwork: The art is lovely. There are plenty of CG’s to entertain you.Characters: There is a good variety of characters. And they all seem to have an actual branching path. Which is my favorite. Some games get repetitive when the only thing that changes is who you go places with and not the actual story. All the characters have a very pretty look. So, if rugged and whatnot is your style they aren’t going to appeal.I’ll give you a quick rundown of the characters whose routes I’ve done.Oz Family:~ Caramia: Very sweet in personality, very kind to heroine, The Cowardly Lion~ Kyrie: Likes to play games with people, kinda twisted, The Scarecrow~ Axel: Very cold and  oblivious, The Tin ManGrimm Family:- Hameln: Fairly flirty, in trouble with the law, The Piper- Scarlet: Wishes he was more manly, soft spot for heroine against better judgement, Little Red Riding HoodStival Family:> Pashet: Strong and confident, teaches the heroine skills, Puss in BootsWolf Gang:* Caesar: Acts tough, threatens heroine on regular basis, The Big Bad Wolf*So: Very friendly, wants heroines dreams to come true, and I’m not certain who he is suppose to representThere are a two more routes, but I’m not interested in playing through them.Plot: It’s actually pretty solid, but the big question doesn’t seem to be answered in the main game play. I guess there are two ending scenes that you unlock  by playing every route. But that is a lot of hours in and not all the routes interest me.Replayability: There are some scenes added in as you complete routes.  I don’t think that truly adds to the replay value. I’m not all the interested in going back and playing routes to see a couple extra scenes. But since each route takes time I don’t think lack of replay value actually is an issue. Most visual novels have decreased values in replaying them.There were a couple cons I just want to get out there. One: There are a ton of loading screens. It gets a little tiresome and since they are all pretty much the same it isn’t visually interesting. Two: The story is in third person perspective. You can get over that, but it isn’t the norm for visual novels. It didn’t phase me after awhile, but I know it bothered other people. Three: It isn’t fully voiced. While there are many scenes that are voiced sometimes the voice acting stops before you are done with a scene which can be a bit jarring. Four: There are no romanceable ladies. Which was a shame since one of the routes that was the best was with a woman. But you can’t romance her.While I did enjoy this game……. with the hefty price tag and the cons I have a difficult time recommending it to folks at it’s set price. Not to say I think the price is unreasonable for a visual novel as big as this one, but it’s really a matter of how much you like the premise that will determine whether you love it or not. I liked it. So, thumbs up from me. Use your own judgement to decide if it is worth if for you!"
,Recommended,303290,23424831,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,.:|:Lorena:|:Ray:|:.,"Mkay, first off - I'm a veteran to otome games, so I'm probably a bit more critical/hardened to certain things.That said:Gameplay 4/10 - Most of the alternate routes are repeats of the main route, minus the love triangle endings, and the paths although basic (2-3 options at best) are meticulous. As in you miss one single choice and you've messed up getting the route you're after. Also the game crashed a total of 6 times, usually directly after the intro video, but one time it was just a grey screen.This game leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, because for the price I expected something more polished. There's no option to re-watch the route's paths after finishing them, There is nothing to do after finishing the game and getting the final endings, and even the final end left me going ""Ugh... How cheap.""I'll also mention that this game is 100 percent otome. There are a few paths with eroge text, but it's very much softcore, and not too big of a deal unless you're ONLY into romance. The ""dark"" paths in this game are really tame compared to other ones, so it's a good one to start with imo.Music 6/10 - The music in this game isn't bad, but if you're skipping already seen text, there's overlap issues - and that gets a bit annoying at times.Voice - 5/10 - Half of the scenes are NOT fully voiced which makes the auto-skip kind of annoying to use since without turning the autoskip to full. Some places were fine, but for the large paragraphs I did have to scroll back. That got annoying.* The other issue I had with this was a personal one. Fuka/MC's voice actor was terrible imho. I don't mind voiced MC's, but I literally set her volume down to mute. Luckily you can turn down individual character's voices, because ugh gross.Characters: 7/10I don't want to use spoilers, but I will say that the Oz character ""True"" paths were all irritating to me towards the end of the route. The only thing that made them better was the ""love triangle"" endings although even they were lacklustre in a lot of ways. Also - I did not like playing through any of Pashet's routes. They felt like an after thought, and boring in comparison to the other routes. It really just left me empty.Most of the characters too - I had difficulty figuring out what character types they were. A lot of them felt extremely basic and one dimensional which made it hard for me to actually care what happened to them/with them. The designs are really nice, but the actual text made the characters seem really boring and it made it hard to figure it out.My recommendation: If you're into these games... Get this one only if it's on sale - I personally think $40.00 CAD is way too much for this game, when you can spend a little less on games with WAY better end-game content and a much more stable game system... It's got quite a few flaws to work out with the crashing thing, and It would be better if the Dev's added some extra options. The replayability of this is pretty low."
76561198298010901,Recommended,303290,22890075,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,musemail42,"This is definitely one of the better Otome games available in English. Especially if, like me, you really like things with a fairy tale theme. Or a mafia theme. Or both. Plus the art is gorgeous, the music is catchy,  and the characters are interesting. I also found the idea of love triangle routes to be both different and intriguing.One thing that did bother me was the apparent lack of a gallery to collect CGs or keep track of your overall progress through the game. Happily, it turns out that there is one. It only appears after you've completed your first route though.It is a little pricey, but I still recommend it highly. The routes are long enough and the story is deep enough that you will get your money's worth."
,Recommended,303290,28539131,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Shikiorin,"I fell in love with this game the moment I started playing it, even though it kind of started off with a guy trying to kill you. Though the routes seem quite cute, as they progress, you'll see that Ozmafia doesn't exclude tragedy. This game was honestly so sad it made me cry a bunch of times. Though I did feel like some things progressed a bit too quickly, overall, I really, really enjoyed this game. If you were to ask me whether or not I'd recommend it, I'd say yes without a hint of hesitation.(A little something you should know about Ozmafia. Make sure to replay the routes a second time, since there are extra scenarios that are revealed during the second run.)"
76561198025338684,Recommended,303290,25597066,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lady Meep,"So, steam profile aside, I play a LOT of otome games. Like, waaay too many. On and off steam. I just completed a 100% run of this one, and here are a few of my humble impressions:Without revealing too much, the story is both sweet, bitter, and at times violent. It has a great way of giving those completely innocent moments, but also mature moments, or even moments where the anxiety or tension is kept going for a long time throughout.Think the brothel route, and some of the oz three.Overall the music matches and builds the story well, but from so many playthroughs, gets a little repetitive. The CG's are mainly on point, but in some places appeared mis-matched with the story just a bit, a lot of times not syncing quite up with what had been going on previously. It looks like they were made before the store started, and the store written around them. Nothing wrong with that, but hard to string together, and sometimes seemed slightly forced. The backgrounds too had only I would say a moderate amount. Not a few, there was definitely enough variety to give you the feel of a large city with lots of areas. ^_^ The character sprites were varied, and aside from some being a little strange in placement of the screen, they were marvelously executed, really making moments feel like danger. However, given how much combat is in the game, I would have liked to see a combat or action sprite for at least the main three in the Oz family.I've read reviews that some of the characters were not fleshed out or described as much as they could have been, and some parts of the story felt empty. I agree with that, but only in so much that those moments appear to be filled in the blue scenes that only appear on a second playthrough of the characters. Having already played multipl routes, re-playing and seeing the same intros over and over again, going back to the begginging on each single route did not appeal to me in the slightest. The his POV in my humble opinion should be a given, as the men are the romance option and should be developed to be pursued, not the other way around. Filler and greater story context also was mainly in these extra scenes, so it would have been nice if they were just included without having to play through again to get them.ALso, not to give anything away, but in terms of the Grand Finale,I would like to make note that wishes and love are not a finite thing, and the ending left me with that impression. If the Tin man, or Lion or Scarecrow had really cared about their friend, they would have wished for her happiness first. I think real love only happens when everyone wishes for the hapiness and love of everyone above themselves, not just one overly-giving person. **Steps down from soap-box**It fits with the 'Love isn't perfect but still good' theme of the game, but doesn't seem like a truly happy ending to me like some of the character routes.Having given my critical parts of the game, please allow me to say just a few more works. I am totally BLOWN AWAY by this game. It's not perfect, but it has such depth and bredth in its characters and the world. They all have their own motivations, and the artwork is gorgeous. Not only that, but the story for the main characters allows you to switch characters mid-way and stil get a happy ending?! That's awesome! No romance should feel like you can only ever pick one character. And this game has made some great advances in that regard. The game is also open to so many facets of love and intimacy and sex that I was quite happy to see it! ^_^ My only wishes would be that there were more characters with a wider range of skin tones that were dateable, andthat you could fall in love with the female character. (Supporting her too and having a friendship route was also a plus!)Overall, would definitely recommend playing this wonderful game! I sincerely appreciate all the time, effort, and the marvelous work put into the branching story. It's simple, sweet, and fun, but still adds a variety of intense, immersive, and sad stories without killing it.If you love games closer to real-life love (you know, the kind with actual heart- and body-conflict) while still wanting the story book happy ending, this game is for you! ^_^"
76561198082324344,Recommended,303290,23840308,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Prelettis,"It's too cute.I can't stop... my husband grows more worried by the day as I continue to play.They add a neat little feature when you go down the routes with the 3 main characters. I like having that type of options.I do wish they'd added a little more story to my cute little wolf.In the end, if you love Visual Novels, and Otome games then I'd say get this game. Get it now~"
76561198120993683,Recommended,303290,24982841,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,bunnymistressaya,"Art: 9/10 - Very pretty art by the artist of Diabolik Lovers. Some of the stand poses with a background are nice enough to be stand alone cgs. I also love the uniqueness of this art style.Story: 8/10 - A compelling story about an amnesiac (as so many MCs suffer from) finding herself  under the protection of a mafia family after being chased by a guy that is out to kill Fuka. The main story is interesting as well as the character routes. There are quite a few routes (10) and a very interesting brothel (Manboy route) to spice the game up.Music: 6/10 – I felt that the menu sound was used too much as it was in the main menu, choice menu and as a bg in the game. The number of bg tracks is pretty low and no bg that I would listen to outside of the game. I feel that they are bland and standard but not terrible. I do like the opening song a lot though and wow English that makes sense (I know, I know this is a Canadian band that wrote it but still good English is exciting)Characters: 7.5/10- I think out of the main three Axel is adorable cute and Caramia is rather dashing, but I simply cannot stand Kyrie. Anyone who is not willing to compromise on behaviors that the MC doesn't like is simply worthless IMO. Just because I fell in love with you, doesn't mean there aren't things that need to be changed, no one is perfect. I also found the less major guys have nice stories.Game Mechanics: 9/10 – I really like the love triangles you can get into and change the character for a different ending. I haven't played another game where this is an option. Sure there are love triangles sometimes but not switching the character's route. I like the replay value of every character has at least 2 endings and when you play through a second time, you get POVs from the guys.Postive: -I love how Manga Gamer decided to do some of the character titles translations as Italian. For instance Caramia refers to the main character as “ojou-san”  which is translated as signorina (instead of  young lady) which adds more flavor and more of a mafia feel to game.- I also like when the game progresses after the point of confession and has conflicts related to dating the guys. The climax actually is beyond the “I love you”s and the falling in love is a stepping stone rather than the climax.Negative: The biggest annoyance with this game is that the narration is in third person instead of first. This feels atmosphere breaking, if I am supposed to be Fuka (or whatever you name her) and be enchanted and romanced by the guys then why switch to third person as refering to someone that isn't me? This is the first otome game I have played that writes the narration in third person, every other single game has had first person (I've played 50+). I felt that the third person narration was so jarring that I closed the game and waited for a couple days until opening it again. If I'm playing an otome game then I am falling in love."
,Recommended,303290,24413577,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,api,"This game is huge emotional rollercoaster. One route's both endings made me cry like I had lost someone very close to me. I was shaking and cried and cried and couldn't believe what I saw and read. I still don't want to belive it.Every route is different. Every route makes you feel different feeling. This game was the first one to make me feel so many different feelings from every character, I haven't still completed all the routes but I believe that the rest of them will make me feel different feelings with every character too.The game's not always dancing with roses, and I like that. Eventhough sometimes (sensitive that I am) it shocks me.I have to take a break from the game for some days (don't know yet how many) because one of the routes broke my heart, I can't understand the endings. And I want to understand them, I hope epilogue will make some sense for it. And maybe other routes could too? This game's world is so massive, every route you learn something new or get new questions without answers yet. It's a game you have to finish.Anyway plus things:+ every character is different you dont get same same kind of experience in every route eventhough the main story remains the same (as long as you get to your chosen route it changes its perspective and some other things too)+ art is really pretty, it makes you feel calm.+ the music is beautiful too, and there's fitting music for every situation.+ there is skip button for things you have already seen (but you must pause it in right time because it doesent stop skipping when there comes new things you havent seen yet)+ it's voiced (though its not fully voiced because apparently after they had made the game (voicing and stuff), they added new senctences here and there - made the conversations longer so its understandable but in the ps vita version its fully voiced and theres extra cgs too)+ its about mafia famiglias so there's fighting and other sorts of things so you cant know whats gonna happen next for the heroine's life (also i like action things)+ there's friendship route with cat lady+ there's person for everyones taste (how they look and behave and so on)+ 10?? routes (if I calculated right) and over 20+ endings (famiglia oz has 4 different endings for each character if I remember right) so there's much gaming!+ you can name the heroine yourself or then u can let game decide your name and then it will be Fuka and if you choose it they will call your name with voice+ play once a route and you get second time playing the same route extra scenes about the chosen character's point of view and other ""behind the scenes"" things+ you can hide the heroine's picture if you want to concentrate more to it without the lady Fuka+ heroine's understandable person for being amnesiac and she's not silent but curious and positive thinker (but also acts before thinks too quite often)minus things:- no route for Hansel ;_;- full screen's not so sharp, it doesen't look so beutiful like windowed- you cant take screenshot (unless you take ""normal"" screenshot with printscreen button and put it manually to steam's screenshots folder)- unanswered question which make you feel sad because you want to understand but they dont give you the opportunity to it --> ""its just like that we let it be mystery for you"" nope, i want to know whats going on!!111 why did this happen???- not telling properly about character pasts and motives here and there- the character named Manboy.. He's name disturbs me too much. Can't help it. But I've come to accept it at some point I think?- there's no achievements so you cant be sure which endings you have already completed (plus achivements are fun so its a bit sad thing)- I wouldn't have minded if the routes would have been somewhat longer, it felt like everything ended too fast. I wasn't prepared to it. And maybe that's one of the reasons which made my heart cry too in some routes.- I'd wish the skip would stop when there comes a scene you have never before seen.//Anyway, thats what I think and I haven't completed it fully yet so I may maybe maybe add some things here when I've done it. :^) Also this is my first review but I think this deserves my opinion here, because when I was thinking should I buy this there were so much negative reviews. And this is not bad game, it's quite good eventhough it's not your usual otomegame."
76561198064237103,Recommended,303290,22834214,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zeakington,"I was nervous after reading some negative feedback (ex: eternal loading screens, story events feeling random, an issue with a certain character, or abrupt ends) but i was intrigued enough by the premise to give it a chance. That being said, this game has far exceeded my expectations. Ozmafia has definately been one of the most enjoyable otomes i've played so far.In regards to the negative feedback, imo, the loading screens (while frequent towards the end of routes) aren't terrible, most often they serve as story cuts or a scene change which i can forgive ...tho when you go back and skip dialouge you can skip right over these loading screens which makes me wonder why they need to take so long in the first place."
,Recommended,303290,26242500,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Onibi Onna,"To begin, this game has an almost ridiculous amount of content for the price. I've played a hell of lot of otome games, but very few usually have this kind of effort. As a person who gets quickly bored of have to go through parts of games I've already done, the extra content was extremely refreshing for me, and made playing through the game for all the cg's and endings a lot more funThis is also a game with a lot of love, and all of the characters are so individual that each route is a new experience entirelyBe prepared for your heart to be smashed, it's a very bittersweet game"
76561198164852772,Recommended,303290,22888605,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,spazzybunny121809,"Very fun and addicting! lots of different endings, great charters, lots of laughs!!!"
,Recommended,303290,26559624,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,安倍怜児,"It is a great game, such an eye candy with it's lovely art. The story too is pretty good.One thing I could say I probably didn't like is that on some scenes where the character was injured or unwell, yet during their dialogues they were shown standing looking no different than normal just with additions of few tinges of red on their clothes as if to represent their injury.I feel it would have been better if they actually have a separate CG scene for those situations. Kinda just feels weird otherwise."
76561198119742160,Recommended,303290,29478148,Posted: 25 January,all,PandoraGuardian,10/10 will cry again
,Recommended,303290,23895486,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Firefly,"So far pretty good, well made game with lots of lovely artwork. The music is fantastic too and I like the (Japanese) voice acting!!I only wish it had the ability to go full screen without loss of image quality, wish there were acheievements, and wish I could take Steam screenshots!I guess if you can overlook those cons, it's really a fantastic game and totally worth the price whether it's on sale or not."
,Recommended,303290,32309434,Posted: 9 June,all,vltrapink,"Super cute art, A+ voice acting, many dokidoki moments.MC is super dumb tho, sometimes it is cute sometimes cringe.Other than that I loved this game."
,Recommended,303290,32992561,Posted: 29 June,all,kokojupiter96,"Totally recommended. The storyline is so rich and not only focus on romance. There are lots of comedy, mystery, friendship and actions (although you have to visualize yourself thought ""the action part""). Choose wisely with your actions because it can lead to totally different path. The soundtrack is also amazing. Overall, I would say the rating is 9/10. The only downside is not all the words have voice with it, only important parts."
,Recommended,303290,33114477,Posted: 1 July,all,Bexxii,"Love the story lines, artwork, the characters! Love it all! Definitely feel as though I've got my moneys worth out of the game and do recommend it to others.Favourite has to be Hamelin <3"
,Recommended,303290,29256725,Posted: 14 January,all,BlueButterfly89,"If you enjoy otome visual novels, then this would be an excellent addition to your collection. The artist who worked on Diabolik Lovers designed the characters so if you have played this game, you will be familiar with the art style; only the characters are far less sadistic and are not vampires.The game starts off with the protagonist waking up in an alley with no memory of who or where she is only to find herself on the run from a mysterious silver-haired man who wants to take her life. Luckily, she bumps into the Don of the Oz family and she is taken into their care.From here, you are given the option to choose who you want to spend time with, with some characters available right from the beginning while others are unlocked as you progress through the routes. It was refreshing that the game does not feed you the right answer to the choices you make and unlike other games, there is no ""affection"" bar which makes you go in blind. The only way to track your progress is by viewing the CG gallery for each character.There are ten routes to choose from, and an additional two, Epilogue and Grand Finale, which are only unlocked if you have completed all character routes and their endings, including the transfer routes. This game also has extra scenes when you go through a character's route for the second time which allows further insight on either a conversation or situation that took place from that character's point of view. I found this a unique bonus that is not typically found in other otome or visual novel games.Each character is also unique and fantastically written which draws you in wanting to know more about them and watch as they develop. Just to name a few, there's an adorable friendship, a tragic past and there's even an entertaining sarcastic jerk that made me laugh on several occasions.That being said, this game does have adorable moments but it can get quite dark. There's blood, sex and violence, which is written descriptively, bloody character sprites and some CGs which could make others uncomfortable.Two routes in particular, Brothel and Robin Hood, lead to prostitution and the other has a particular scene that is the result of being drugged. The first one has characters warn you repeatedly to stay away while the other offers you obvious choices to pick when conversing with Robin.Overall, I throughly enjoyed this game with it's beautiful visuals, intriguing universe and wonderful soundtrack that it justified the cost of this purchase.This game is also available on the Playstation Vita in Japan, released as OZMAFIA!! Vivace, and contains new scenarios, illustrations and mini games which I was a bit disappointed not to have included in this release. If the Vita port gets released in English, I would not hesitate to buy this again for the extra content and playing through the story once more."
,Recommended,303290,22768270,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Lin,"OZMAFIA!! is the game you get when you mix fairytales with the mafia, and it actually works really really well. You play as Fuka, a girl who finds herself in an unfamiliar world without any memories of where she is or who she is. After being chased by a man with white hair, you end up running into two men who introduce themselves as Caramia and Kyrie of the Oz familia.Firstly, the original reason of picking this game up was the fact that one of my favourite artists made the art. I didn't know much about the game, except that it was vaguely based around the familiar fairytale; The Wizard of Oz and a few other fairytales. I like fairytales, or well, I love them. So that was another reason to why I ended up buying it the moment it came out, I didn't really know anything about the game, so it was a huge gamble.But I'm really happy that I did, because I spent multiple days playing through all the different routes that the game has to offer. I kept talking about how wonderful the game was, and how wonderful each individual character was. And I still don't regret spending the money I did on it, since it's one of my favourite visual novels by now.Another thing is that the game has one route that can be a bit uncomfortable for some people, which is Manboy's route. But you can easily just skip the entire route with the ""skip all"" function in the game."
,Recommended,303290,22807702,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,LilyRainne,"One of the best otome games I've ever played that got me hooked into it. Worth the $30-40 in my pocket. Nice art, soundtracks, characters, story line, character developments, AND ""many characters to choose from"". 11/10, a perfect otome game. (BTW, nice humour you've added in the game XD).I laughed most of the time while I was playing this, because of seeing Axel getting jealous and shy, Kyrie bashing out what he wants to say sadistically, Scarlet trying to act tsundere,ANDmany much more. I'll be honest hereI didn't regret buying this game, I had fun with it because of--- nearly everythingXD. Also, it really was worth off those $30-40 in my pocket, so many character's to choose from, so I give you9/10(-1 for Hansel and Aelling not having a route ; -;). But, I won't mind about Hansel or Aelling having a route now, that I'm reviewing this.If one buys the game and play it, I don't think that they WON'T be tempted to do other routes at the same time they're doing their current route character....(Look at me, I'm doing 2-3 characters in the same time).Over-all : 11/10 for the otome game itself || 9/10 for all the character ROUTES || 11/10 for all the CHARACTERS/CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT || 9000/10 for the humour. I had a good laugh XDIf Poni-Pachet or Rejetreleasesanother otome game to Steam,I'd gladly buy it with my own money!I'm hoping to see more otome games being localized! :3(Especially if it'll be Diabolik Lovers or any version of that game *cough* XD)"
,Recommended,303290,26623133,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kairi,"I absolutely love this game! There are so many hidden secrets in the stories and each character has such detail.Each time you complete a route and start again, there are new hidden details in the stories so you never get bored ^-^Not to mention the voice actors and music are great."
76561198313959987,Not Recommended,303290,25064916,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,HoaLilac,"While there are quite a number of mysteries throughout the game, there isn't much of a plot in this game. It's a-day-in-the-life of a happy-go-lucky-girl who lives like a pet in an Italian mafia housewhold. The characters are adorable in their own ways and there are some twists each character's route. However, overall, there are little character and story developments."
,Recommended,303290,22874060,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,LunarLuck,"This game was amazing! Hands down the best otome game I have ever played. The story is amazing, the art is beautiful and you get so attached to the characters.  Each route is different enough that it doesn't get stale and the love triangles stir so much up. If i had to opportunity to purchase this game again I would. If you're thinking about getting this game and have the means do it!"
,Recommended,303290,23342137,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ringmasterxred,"The art is beautiful and the story is pretty interesting. Once you finish one route, new scenes are unlocked so replayability is really good too. And once you finish every single route, a grand finale is unlocked! There are so many layers. It's kept me so absorbed. I've really enjoyed this game so far and I would recommend it!"
76561198053488686,Recommended,303290,24481570,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,tmn-27,"Such a beautiful and heartwarming otome game. I really love Ozmafia and I'm so glad it got an english release! Thank you, Poni-Pachet, for creating this beautiful game (art, story, characters, and all! Music artists thank you, and voice actors as always, thank you so much! Especially Scarlet's VA - I just love Scarlet so much!! <3), and thank you to MangaGamer who partnered with Poni-Pachet so that the game could be translated and released to eager english otome fans!I've been dying to play this game ever since I saw its opening on Youtube many years ago (early highschool - I'm in college now, so it was quite a wait and hope!) To finally be able to purchase and play it has been amazing. Honestly I was confused when I got my first ending in the game, but as I played more and progressed more I noticed the extra scenes added to expand the story and got to experience a path differently and understand the characters and story more. It was a lovely mechanic and I really love this game for it. The characters are probably one of the best things about Ozmafia, they're all so unique and their love for Fuka made me so happy each time. Naturally, the romance is super cute and I love it so much. Its probably obvious by now, but Scarlet was my favourite XD Such a wonderful guy!I must warn that I smiled, laughed, and cried pretty much every playthrough. Especially a certain someone, who I won't name to avoid spoilers, who made me cry and stop playing for a good couple of days LOL. When an otome game is able to get me like that, I know its a really good one and because of that, it will always have a place in my heart. I'm certain that if anyone else who loves otome games plays this then they will also experience a wealth of emotions and find Ozmafia to be a gem.With that I must say my thanks once again to Poni-Pachet, MangaGamer, and all those involved in making such a wonderful game! I look forward to future games by Poni-Pachet, so please release them in english! I shall buy each one <3 Also, I'd love the OST of Ozmafia if a digital or disc version is ever sold XD (And more Scarlet because SCARLET <3) Please continue to make amazing love-filled games! <3All in all - a highly recommended otome game!"
76561198261929624,Recommended,303290,26106691,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ma'ato,"Ozmafia was a really fun game, beautiful art by Satoi, the voice actors sounded really nice and it was fun to hear less known seiyuu. The humor was just priceless, and I liked that the characters interact with each other in a fun way. I had a great time playing the routes, of course there things that I wasn't completely happy about.  The Oz family had a lot of story and the developers spended a lot of time on their routes, but in comparisson the other routes lacked a bit, which was really too bad.   The story of this game was really interessting, fun and heartbreaking at the same time, I still feel sad looking at certain characters. Which is in the end a good thing because that means the story touched me, (Even though I'm really really really sad). I also have to say that the characters are very very likeable, loved their personalities and backstories.  I'm a big fan of Soh with his very bright, happy and caring personality, Kyrie's sadistic, know it all personality had me laughing for forever. And I also got really fond of the Grimm family, Hanzel and Gretel priceless opposite personalities and Scarlet's hardworking and sweet way of life. I'd like to talk for ages about everything I love about these characters but I will stop here.I think It's really worth to buy this game, it's a nice otomen game. Fun guaranteed.Thank you OZMAFIA!! For this fun game."
76561198077221203,Recommended,303290,29282296,Posted: 15 January,all,Rogue,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The characters were beautiful, and other than the brothel route, wasn't extraordinarily messed up as some of the other Visual Novels I've played."
,Recommended,303290,22836035,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Saitzu,"I would say that is one of the best otomes that I have played. I like the story, the quantity of characters to choose, how many endings they have, I love Satoi's works.I was expecting Fuka to be like the heroine from Amnesia, both of them lost their memory but this one is completely different, still too naive.They will remember you from Diabolik lovers, Shinigami Kareshi series. I am glad to see this one finally translated. Of course, like any other game, it has good and bad points.Pros:-The story.-The characters, you will love them, they are well drawn and their personality is adorable, all of them, even the nasty ones.-The MC isn't completely dumb.-The character's voices, the sounds and the music. (Love it.)-The quantity of choices. Maybe is just me, but as more choices and variety I have, the best.Cons:-Seeing the loading screen every five minutes bored me, a lot.-No love meter or anything to know how you are doing in the route with the boy.-Unless you use a guide or write down the endings that you finish, there isn't a way to track them.-Mc sometimes is too naive (can I hit her?), made me mock at her sometimes.-There are times where the characters have no voice.I haven't finished the game just yet, but for now, I am loving it, I do not regret buying and I even bought two. I gave one of them to my friend and we played it together and laughed badly."
76561198351827112,Recommended,303290,29338131,Posted: 18 January,all,klscharine,"I really love this story. The plot is neat and sweet and the characters are amazing! The sheer amount of routes is truly amazing. If you've always liked a variety of choices with a variety of thoughts this is a truly great game. The artwork is beautiful, the story is solid,addicting, and intriguing. The amount of different emotioms built into the story pulls at your heartstrings. Granted it is a really long game as it has a total of 10 different routes each with their differences and intrigue. It's  a ell done game and and Itruly loke it."
,Recommended,303290,23490787,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Broosung ~ ⋆,"First otome game experience for me, and I got to say that I never thought I would finish my first route...until I accidentially stumbled into the...more violent side of the game. I got hooked, simply caught by surprise and I also caught myself wanting to re-play the damn game. I wasn't pleased with MY first route, I was scared to death by several of the characters who crept under my skin in a rather chilling manner. Awesome touch ( Kyrie and Hamelin ? Yikes man ) on the personalities, though some characters might be somewhat shallow. We run into the stereotypical otome heroine with certain choices that makes you sigh because it's such a...typical ""lost anime girl in a strange world""-cliche.The characters grew onto me ( I will admit that it might take some time, but then again ; I am a rookie with otome games ), the soundtrack is calming and casual, but the most oustanding part to me is the character design. There is something smooth about the artstyle that I , personally, like a lot. The colors blend very well and the game overall has a rather appealing color palete to it; of course there are certain backgrounds that could have been adjusted and fixed, but that's details. On the topic of game design, I do miss some more cutscenes, perhaps actual pictures of the quarrels that take place just to add more ""realism"" to it. Some additional facial expressions would have helped as well.Summed up in two stars ( * ) and a wish ( !? ):*-Interesting concept, nice twist to stereotypical fairy tales that we encounter/have encountered in our childhood. I really did enjoy the mafia story that was intertwined with Grimm, Andersen ( I think they spelled it as Anderson in the game, but if they refer to H.C Andersen , the danish author, then we have a small misunderstanding here ) etc. As a general lover of fantasy, and Andersen specifically, I found this quite refreshing!**-Well performed design. I really enjoyed the designs that various characters had. There were so many interesting details to the, everything from colors to personality traits. It took some time to recognize specific characters, but they still had a really, really beautiful concept to them. Caramia came with typical ""lion colors"" and his voice suited his face rather well, it actually made him more handsome in my opinion. Then we had Kyrie, damn. His design makes him come off as a mysterious character, especially with his half-secluded face ( reminds me of Xerxes Break from Pandora Hearts, to be honest ). As said, overall beautiful designs, though I don't really see why Scarlet is a male ( Red riding hood, I understand, but that's a chick in canon ).!?- Stories can be a bit shallow. I understand that making long and deep stories might be a little hard when it's an otome game, I can assume that it would add additional hours to the game's estimated play time. However, I would still have liked to see some more behind specific characters, perhaps a character menu could have been added, one where you could actually READ about the various characters you encounter ( ex: their likes, personality traits, alligment etc ). It's too much to demand from an otome game, I guess, but it's a neat thought in my head at least.Still a great experience, made me laugh quite a lot!"
76561198533379349,Recommended,303290,29646397,Posted: 2 February,all,Amalia,very good game ^-^
76561198344231463,Recommended,303290,29060565,Posted: 6 January,all,indigo_inferno,"So far, it's absolutely amazing.I'm loving the ""adult"" elements, I get really sick of cutesy otome where the conclusion is ""hand holding"".It seems one of the complaints about this game is ""third person"", and not knowing what Fuka is thinking. I personally prefer this, I get sick of listening to the dull heroine thinking how confused she is and ""what's this weird feeling I'm having!?"" So refreshing.I'm also one of the weirdos who found the harem route to be AWESOME.People are upset by &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥elements"" including being drugged, please know Fuka was not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nor was she drugged. She was ""slipped"" an aphrodiasiac, nothing more. And again, I really loved the risque adult elements, so nice."
76561198041810417,Recommended,303290,30227177,Posted: 27 February,all,Katana,"I liked the game.Pros:1.	Wonderful artwork2.	Interesting story premise3.	Japanese is such a nice language and these voice actors were the best (in my opinion) in all the otome games I played. If the characters get angry, they sound angry, if they are sad, they sound sad. So, there is more flair to their voices. The biggest downer is the fact that it is only parially voiced. Talk about a let down!4.	Kyrie is funny in his snarky way5.	Lots of reading6.	Many endings and routesCons:1.	I agree with another reviewer. Some of the routes could have just been omitted easily and instead focused more on the main routes and add more depth.2.	It IS extremely rude to make a player go through ALL the routes to get ALL the endings in order to unlock the so called “grand ending” that wasn’t very grand in my opinion. By the time I finished the main routes and started on the secondary ones I was starting to feel like it was a chore just to get there.3.	The protagonist is childish and annoying and I am starting to think it is the norm in otome games (at least the ones I have played so far on Steam).Final notes:I also feel like there was missed potential and while there were some action scenes, a few times the screen blacked out to the after event where characters summarize what happened. It had an interesting story premise but instead of centering the story, it felt like it was sort of all over the place by having so many routes and characters. There are ten characters and 24 routes. Four endings for the three main characters. Two each for the others. However, despite all of it, this is one of the few otome games I actually like enough to keep.Oh yeah. The brothel is utter filth. Not my cup of tea either."
,Recommended,303290,22750810,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,🎵Kaede🎵,10/10 would get swept off my feet by a random guy with an eyepatch and get his end again.
76561198255882046,Not Recommended,303290,29043960,Posted: 5 January,all,Mythica,"I’ve played a fair number of otome games, so when I saw that this was available on Steam I was really looking forward to playing it. Unfortunately this was probably one of the biggest let downs I’ve experienced in gaming. The art is so beautiful but there’s just- nothing! Nothing of substance in the plot, characters or writing. There's also no sense of atmosphere or even investment. The characters are just cardboard cutouts (it also doesn’t help that the designs are eerily similar to the Diabolik Lovers ones – Axel = Ruki, Scarlet = Kanato, Kyrie = Laito etc) and yes they talk a bunch of exposition and backstory to you but it just falls flat.I don’t feel like I know these people, or that they could genuinely care and love Fuka (She’s a blank slate! But the story sure demands that they love her) and you can practically feel yourself being manipulated by the game. It tries to pull the right strings by repeating tropes often found in otome and romance games, but the difference here is that you’re hyper aware of it. Where other games mask this by creating investing plots, engaging characters and scenes that stir your heart, Ozmafia will have you rolling your eyes and yawning.Fuka has no personality and is basically a doll to smile and look pretty. She says insensitive things that can be passed off because – lol she’s so naive, isn’t it quirky!*Sigh* I really wanted to like this game, I really did. I tried to turn my brain off and just enjoy the dialogue, nice voice actors, and pretty art if there was no plot, but nothing made me want to keep playing. I wanted to support more otome games since many titles have yet to be translated that deserve attention, but buying this game is not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,303290,31309844,Posted: 22 April,all,SecretSarah,"This game has very nice art. That is the only positive thing I can say about it. The story is bad. There is no overarching plot. The MC just wanders around and has random, disjointed adventures that don't add up to anything interesting. There are a ton of endings but they are all stupid. The ""grand ending"" might be the stupidest of all."
76561198109512070,Not Recommended,303290,22948526,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,kristensabs,"Having played various different otome games - a quick glance at Ozmafia made it easy for me to decide whether or not to purchase it. The visuals were stunning, the concept was interesting and the reviews were overall pretty decent.Unfortunately the game itself was not what I had been anticipating and certainly was not worth the 35 bucks I invested.The good: The character designs are pretty, you are provided with a lot of different route options, and the game definitely makes you work to get more of the story. Ozmafia is heavily romance-driven as opposed to plot-driven so if that's your preference I'd say it also can count as a positive feature. Oh and....the soundtrack is pretty nice.The bad: LOADING SCREENS. ALL. THE. TIME. No seriously..... there were times where I read about 10 lines of dialogue and I hit a loading screen. All of that waiting gets extremely frustrating......especially when the plot gets extremely dry. Speaking of the plot........if I had to sum it up....I'd say the plot is basically a glorified slice of life anime with fairy tale references and the occasional fight scene. So for those of you (like me) who were expecting something with a little more depth and creativity...this is not the game for you. Unfortunately the characters are also severely lacking in notable development which makes them a lot more two dimensional. In particular, the main character is extremely undeveloped and almost entirely unrelateable. To top it off...... the game is also NOT fully voiced.All in all I'd recommend this title to otome gamers with a thirst for some mindless romance and pretty visuals. I'd also recommend those who are interested in this title to purchase it after it lowers in price. However, if you are looking for a compelling visual novel that has it all....Ozmafia is not the title for you."
76561198171678223,Recommended,303290,22734184,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,2koolchloe,"I have been waiting for this game to be released for months so I've been really excited for this! Truthfully, I haven't completed the game yet, but so far I have to say it's pretty good. The story its self has a strong Fairy Tale theme. Obivious by the Oz Family and the Grimm Family. Oz family made up of the characters of Wizard of Oz, and indirectly stated through out the game. Grimm family made up of Hansel, Gretel, and Scarlet (which I so far think is like the boy version of Little Red Riding Hood). Which leads me to believe that every character is based off a Fairy Tale character, so I've set out on a mission to see who is who (cause they change so of the names, which is seen through the Oz family). Also, there seems to be a narrator here and there to imply time passing and so on, surprisingly it is not annoying at all either, it actually boosts its Fairy Tale theme and feeling!About the game, there are some translations which throw me off by how odd they are, for example they use signorina for ojou-sama/ojou-san which is kinda weird o.o I have to say the story is good and the translation still gives a good vive to the game (I mean it's a good translation, just odd at times). It's also kinda sending you in blind not telling you how far you are with one characters and the others (you know, like a love bar). It's ok not having one, it's just nice to see one, you know? It would also be nice to have some Steam Achievements (IDK why, but I love to look at them once I finish a route). However, these are very minor things, and overall so far I really love the game! If you love otomes, then I definitely recommend this game for you!! ^_^"
76561198293613892,Recommended,303290,22768401,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mokita,"I just purchased the game. Very positive feeling since the beginning.However, I would like to notice that the character's voices are only there 70% of the time (as the developer said in the discussion), so there would be awkward moments of silent. It's nice that the background music are there, but still, for the price I paid, I kind of expecting much better voicing for the characters.The first route I'm taking is Axel's route, and I haven't finished yet. I will update my review later on for other routes. However, my first choice might be in the 30% that wasn't voiced, since there were a lot of time where there is just silent and background music going on (sorry to keep nagging, but yeah, I'm disappointed abt this).On the other hand, the plot for Axel's route (or at least I thought I'm in Axel's route) is well written, there are interesting moments and enough cuteness that keep me move forwards. The plot was a bit confusing at first, then gradually gets better (spoiler alert: probably because I chose him everytime, so there a disconnection where I was with him then with another character a moment later on, without any leading line or connection(?)).Just finished all endings of Axel's route. The plot gradually gets better as you advanced further into the story. There was drama and twist along, therefore, the game becomes more attractive. Definitely compensate for the lack of voicing. I was hesitate at first when hitting the recommend button, however, after finishing Axel's route, the doubt was gone."
,Recommended,303290,24862588,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nakedneko,"I disliked the brothel route, recommend doing that route first rather than last....it will leave a bad taste.I loved Scarlets route <3333 he was my first choice, now I'm looking for character merchandise of him online :')Pashet's route was cute, I dont care if everyone says ""they're just good friends"" that's not how i see it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198054798264,Not Recommended,303290,32098343,Posted: 31 May,all,Artemis908,"I am a big fan of Amnesia and have been looking for something jsut as good. This isn't it. It honestly got pretty boring. I feel like there were a lot of places they could have went with this story, but it was pretty unexciting. I wasn't particularly interested or attached to any of the characters. Overall, just... meh."
76561198046747831,Recommended,303290,22784310,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,chermayn.fong,"The story for this game is really good, and sometimes, can be really really weird. The characters are engaging and lively. As you can tell by the record of my gameplay, this game is really, really, long. Lots of going back and forth for completing all the routes and getting the finale ending.The beginning music is super addictive, I've had it stuck in my head forever, I kept singing the same tune over and over again.I have two issues with the game: one, the art can be a little bit weird. Axel's arm and shoulders are weirdly drawn, look at it. You'll know what I mean. Secondly, the loading screens are so frequent, the worse I've had it was for Axel's route, he said one sentence, then the dorothy and three companions pops up, with a short version of the theme song. This happens too much, it should've been utilized sparsely and between appropriate breaks in the story.I should hope that Poni-Pachet SY understands how annoying and time consuming it could be.That being said, the game is really good, fit for its price, especially because of how big the game is. I hope to see more Otome in the english market, because we're so thirsty for more cute guys!!!"
,Recommended,303290,23898926,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mira♡,Ozmafia <3
,Not Recommended,303290,30182007,Posted: 25 February,all,Azureth,"Okay. No. I spent 40 hours of my life on this game (offline mode). I could tolerate the bland amnesiac protagonist. I could tolerate way that most of the action and drama is outright skipped in a jarring manner. I could honestly even tolerate the two mediocre routes for every good one. The plot was interesting and left a lot of questions unanswered, a very good hook.However, the non-con, drugging, emotional and physical abuse, romanticized and encouraged... nope. Nope. Nope. I like dark themes, I'm all for dark themes, but not like this. Add that to the incredibly moronic ending, no amount of beautiful art and cool concepts can salvage this game for me. I don't regret the purchase as I want to support future otome translations, but at the same time I could not reccomend this game to anyone in good conscience."
,Recommended,303290,22753738,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Relucentheart,"Ozmafia is awesome! I've been waiting a long time to play this game and now that it's here I made sure to buy it the first day it came out. Pirating games is wrong so I hope everyone will continue to support otoges so we can continue to have more in the future! Ozmafia is very good so far, love the voice acting, love the art, and I love that I can remove the default heroine avatar since I've always played Otome Games as myself. I personally love the translation of this game, I think it's spot on and I haven't found anything worth being negative about at all. It's pretty much perfect!"
76561198067955591,Recommended,303290,24771017,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Hero Marli v Boss Clide,This game made me have feelings. It's the worst. I hate it.
76561198018969815,Recommended,303290,24786020,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,acolomb1,"This has become one of my favorite otome games, hands-down.  An easy recommendation to fans of otome VNs!Ozmafia is a visual novel with many choices to make and several different endings.  The gameplay consists entirely of reading and making those choices - there are no stats or time management in this one.  The description on the store page is very accurate as far as the story goes, so I will not bother to recap it here.  Suffice it to say, this is an extremely well-done visual novel and worth the full price!  Buying Ozmafia gets you a wealth of content: There are 10 characters with routes, and multiple paths in each one.  Each character has a minimum of 2-3 significantly different endings, with some having as many as 4-6 (can't remember the exact total count).  Unlike in some VNS where the main plot stays the same and your route only affects extra scenes, each of the 10 characters' routes significantly changes the events your character experiences.The characters themselves are some of my favorite in any otome game, and the different paths allow you to explore different sides and possibilities to the characters.  Each of the ""main"" three characters, especially, are quite deep, and their personalities are very well fleshed-out.  In one of my favorite routes, the player's choices can either temper or feed into the route character's insecurities, and the way he expresses himself changes a lot as a result.The art is consistently beautiful (as you can tell from the screenshots), both the regular sprites and the CGs (of which there are plenty).  Even in other visual novels with above-average art, I rarely find myself visiting the CG gallery after completing a character's route; in Ozmafia, however, I was often drawn back to ogle the scenes.  (I would say this game is a tad spicier than the average otome -- nothing goes past PG-13, but that is still a lot more than most otome games, which treat a tap on the shoulder as a super scandalous event.)  Furthermore, the voice-acting is top-notch (which is evident even if you do not speak a word of Japanese), and the voices fit the characters wonderfully.  Again, 100% recommended!"
,Recommended,303290,23696945,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Spooky Grandma,"I've only played through the Oz routes so far, but with almost 50 hours of play time clocked in, I felt that it'd be alright to write out a review based on what I've seen so far.I'm loving OZMAFIA!! ! The characters are all very different, and even if you might not like them, you can't deny that they're interesting. The art is soft and lovely, and the music really helps set the mood for each scene! The opening and ending are done by a Canadian band and therefore are in English, which surprised me when I first heard them... but they're cute and, again, set the mood. There are also extra scenes that appear after you view scenes a second time, and so it really adds replay value.Speaking of the scenes, they act more like windows into the small moments shared between the characters, with a few big scenes scattered throughout. I personally really like it, but I can understand that that might not be everyone's cup of tea. I also really enjoyed the MC! She can be a little oblivious and rash, of course, but it works well enough. She's definitely not the worst I've ever played.There are a few scenes that are a little eyeroll-inducing (personally, I didn't often care for the scenes with Heidi), but there are many more that are sweet, funny, sad, and/or exciting.The only other thing that might be a turn off is that for the three Oz men, you /have/ to go through a love triangle, and that... kind of sucks. :\ The transferred endings (where you switch from one guy to the other) are very good, though!Overall, it's a super fun game, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to any otome fan, or anyone who's curious about it!"
,Recommended,303290,22738019,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nournoir,"It is fun, Great soundtrack, Beautiful art. It may be quite expensive but I recommend it."
76561198178062549,Recommended,303290,33758524,Posted: 23 July,all,Kiwi,"Wether I reccomend this game or not depends on how paitent the person I'm reccomending it to is.When I read the reviews for this game they all said that the MC was an airhead. I am now painfully aware of that.Also, the loading screens are very persistant and annoying. Those are my two biggest complaints. The artwork is cute, and I like the characters. Not a bad game overall..."
76561198281989079,Recommended,303290,22732413,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,You2mine,The art is awesome and voice actor and the songs as well. The story is good too.There are in some place that if you name you character it still showthe girls original name that the game has.So if I name my character flower.It still show in some of the dialog he real name Fuka/Fuma?? Yeah the girls real name.Also in the ending of my first play through it goes cut somewhere and I hear a character talking and the game show the main menu.I dont know what the character was talking about and what happen there.I accindently clicked past the ending credits.Because it caught me by surprice that it ended already.For I didnt got to have any sort of romance with any other character beside Mister hammel??And this character just came becauseI just happen to be curious about a man laying in the same placethat my character got in the first place.And then later my character helps him. And then they get into romance after that??It was really weird for me.What about the other guys I was interested in.Shouldnt I have any more chances to meet them again??After a while in game I couldnt come back to the menu where youcould click to some of the character you wanted to meet.It just disappeared and doesnt come again.And the Cesar guy what was his problem chasing the main character all the time.His action was like I am the bad guy that just happen to arrive to be the bad guy in that moment something needed to happen. Like for a dumb example.Everyone has tea party and if it's get too boring just make Cesar appear so he can ruin the party and make the boring day interesting. *small laugh* I kinda feel bad for the poor guy.Maybe he was not a bad guy at all. That the game just make him it randomly.and yeah for me it ended so weird.So yeah the game is good. But also kind of done that it seem weird sometimes and you dont understand why it ends in a way and why certain character is presented in a wayso it just end that it doesnt makes any sense.
,Not Recommended,303290,26118164,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dora,"For such a lengthy game, Ozmafia feels really bare bones. While it's true there's a lot to read, a lot of it comes down to characters stammering or babbling in embarassment/confusion, and it skips over such huge chunks of time that it's impossible to really care about characters we only see in silly little skit scenes. The game goes week to week, essentially, but you really only see what the main character does on Sunday (the ""free"" day) apart from a few random scenes, and everyone else just makes comments about time passing. It misses out on a lot of chances to flesh characters and stories out as a result... even following a specific character's route doesn't necessarily mean you wind up knowing or caring about them much more than any other. This is an otome that lacks the depth and writing skill of other games, which means that anyone looking for a really well-written and compelling story may find this one falls flat.Another issue is the choices given to the player. At times, the way they're phrased doesn't always make it clear as to what, exactly, the heroine is going to say, or how it'll be received. I don't mean that it's difficult to predict what the ""right"" choice is to get a character to like you more, I mean that the wording is often vague enough that what seems like an innocuous comment can actually come out insulting instead, for example. Compound this with how frustratingly stupid the heroine can be at times (not just naieve, but STUPID), and you may find it hard to really get into the story.Other concerns are minor, but worth mentioning. The dialogue frequently contradicts things that have been said previously (one character tells the heroine he is terrible at firearms, for instance, and then later on reacts with offense at another character ALSO telling the heroine the same thing as if this has never been brought up before), there are comparatively few illustrated scenes beyond the characters simply standing there staring at you, the interface isn't as user-friendly as other visual novels that allow you to scroll back through the dialogue or right-click to open save... all of this makes for a game that takes an interesting premise and muddles it with a mediocre presentation, lackluster writing, and bland interaction."
,Not Recommended,303290,22735551,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Poe,"Let me just make this clear, this is just my personal opinion. You may think completely different, and that is 100% okay!So I was very much excited for this game. The music sounded cute, the art was absolutely stunning and the story seemed really awesome! Fairytales and a dating sim? Heck yeah I'm down for this! So I bought it the day it came out... and refunded it about 2 hours later. I want to like it, I honestly do. But there is just so much about that either doesn't sit well for me or I just simply hate and with a price tag of over $30 I just can't justify buying a game I'm not in love with.Some problems I had included very minor things like spelling mistakes, the default name being said which was rather jarring, the third person perspective was okay at first but I felt so disconnected from the Protagonist that I couldn't get as interested in the story as I'd liked, and around the 2 hour mark my game wouldn't stop lagging, which really surprised me.But the most jarring thing? The actual romance. After refunding the game I looked up a quick summary/review to see what I was going to be missing out on and holy-! The amount of NTR in this game is awful, and some of it is impossible to avoid, which really didn't sit well with me.Again, this is my own opinion and don't let this stop you from purchasing it. Am I glad I refunded it? Yes. Completely. Would I purchase this again in the future? Honestly, yes. But for now the price and the uncomfortable romances have turned me off."
,Not Recommended,303290,23624279,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Muffin Baking Warlord,"Paced terribly, Kyrie is an insufferable sadistic prick, game skips over action scenes and is pretty lacking in CGs most of the game, and to add insult to injury, the best character, Pashet, isn't actually romanceable- she falls in love with another character partway through her route."
76561198327083789,Recommended,303290,25407048,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,natalieexx,Excellent game!! A lot of fun to play through the different routes. The art was beautiful and the voice acting was nice too!! The true ending made this game truly good! I cried so much (;_;)Kyrie and Ceasar were the best romance routes in my opinion. (^.^)Brothel route brought me a lot of pain and suffering. lol
,Recommended,303290,25212366,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Neex,I'm in loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,303290,22926924,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Samtoinette,"I've played the routes for the 3 Oz men, along with most transferred endings. I still have a long way to go, but I ADORE this game. I've been unable to play anything else since I picked this one up. It's cute, it has mystery, and I just love Axel. It has lots of replayability. I love all the characters so much.The main character (you) are extremely naive/dumb, which for me makes it hilarious. Innuendos go completely over her head, but it'll probably annoy others... Might wanna take that into account before purchasing this game.Personally, i think it makes her really sweet and pure, while making me laugh with what she doesn't understand.EDIT (addition): There are lots of misunderstandings which add to the humor. The more you play, the more you see of each characters, especially when you branch out into other routes. I've gone through 5 routes, and are working on my second playthrough of my chosen route 5. I still can't put this game down."
,Recommended,303290,22923111,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Nya Nemesis,This game is simply amazing.I love the story line so muchand some of the characters stories hitme right in the kokoro10/10This game did not dissapoint me in any way what so ever.Its really enjoyable and it actually made me cry.;___; So many feels so little time.Beyond the best VN i've ever playedeven for the price its simply something you must get.
,Recommended,303290,22953881,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,cyclopslie,This game was kinda confusing at the begining but i enjoyed it a lot and when i finished the epilouge it all clicked and made sense i loved it i was really happy i had a lot of strong heartbeats for few boys and the game is really pretty visually (CG are really nice)
,Recommended,303290,22949369,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,sosa,"One of the best otome games I've played. With good art and great replay value, I feel it was worth the price. A couple routes were dull and had abrupt endings, but I feel other routes made up for it. The romance was cute and I found it very funny at times. The heroine's personality at times was rather fustrating. I felt she could be unnecessarily dumb, but I guess her amnesia was the excuse. Loved the extra scenes added after completing routes. Though it was disappointing that it was only 75% voiced."
,Recommended,303290,22803834,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,tsubame-chi,"Oh my god. This game is awesome.I started playing a few days ago and I'm just hooked to this game. All the characters are unique and funny :DThe art is extremely beautiful and for once, the protagonist, Fuka, is not that stupid like some other otome games I've played. I really like how we get to choose the options once in a while to interact and hear how the characters respond. Sadly, this game is not 100% voiced which confused me while I first played the game. It was not until I checked the community page that it is only about 70% voiced out. It was kinda frustrating at first not to hear the character's voices but I eventually got used to it and the storyline made up for it. >_<"
,Recommended,303290,22791664,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lady Kiri,"After a few hours of being a little confused and just being myself and choosing the things I would logically choose and investigate, I got turned into a nun for trying to save a guy passed out in the street. WTF!10/10 would reccomend.It's really cute and fun with lots of twists and turns that I had no expected."
,Recommended,303290,23014873,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Flavylium,"I finally finished this game after 22 hours of playing! And with so many feels ;-;Story wise, it was excellent. Although the main protagonist just seemed like an idiot in some routes....I personally like the jokes in the game. It managed to make me laugh. It is written from third-party point-of-view, which irked me at the beginning but once I get used to it, it's nothing.Voice acting wise, do note that this is partially voiced. You'll manage to hear the heroine voice at the very end of the game."
,Recommended,303290,22896114,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mahwiii,This game was fun and addicting <3I loved it~ Tbh I couldn't choose a fav char q.qI liked everyone D: <3
,Recommended,303290,22821019,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Misko,Gorgeous artwork. Cute boys! What else needs to be said?
76561198137075503,Recommended,303290,23106514,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,KurageHustle,"**There are a lot of people who are complaining that it's expensive, but the japanese version was around 60 dollars, so we're getting a huge deal here. **While I have yet to finish the game on steam, I was aware of Ozmafia beforehand.. and I love being able to read it much more easily! Haha, now I can enjoy the story and characters without having to check if I'm even properly reading the text. While the game isn't fully voiced, it's not that noticable, and the art is absolutely beautiful~ (Shame it was wasted on a trash game like Dialovers) and the music is very nice, too! The Trio endings are quite interesting, but can be a bit hard to get without a guide.. However, I love the game so far, and I really reccomend it!"
,Recommended,303290,23039277,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ジューイ,"OZMAFIA!! what a nice game. After completing every route, ending and grand ending, learning the full story, I believe it's time to give this game a proper reveiw. I can safely say that I absolutely adore this game though!Are you hungry for some more Otome game into your life? Well consider picking OZMAFIA!! up. It doesn't matter if it's on sale or full price, this game definately ranges at top along with other great Otome games such as Amensia:Memories and  Dandelion, which we got translated and transfered over to Steam so we can enjoy it in a language we all understand.You start your journey being chased by someone mysterious. Quickly after you learn that this game is written in 3rd person, so the MC (main character - female) is not yourself, incomparison to what other Otome games do where they make the player the MC. In this game we read in the perspective of she, not I. Which I found a little strange at first, but I got used to it rather quickly.Being chased we stumble along and faint in the arms of some mysterious men who saved your life and claims to be mafia of the Oz district/familia as they often refer to it. They ask you who you are, but then you get surprised that you have lost your memories completely, so you got no idea who, where or what this strange place is (seems kind of familiar, no?). Regardless of that, because the MC has amnesia, she does seem to be quite incompitent and annoying at first, but it gets better the further the story goes and we as players learn a little more of the universe they live in.The Oz have offered to take care of you until you manage to gain a little more of your memories and knowledge of the town so you can fend on your own. From here on out you are supposed to go after your love interest and pick a route you find fancy. Don't be scared to pick whichever at first, because you can change whenever you want untill you only get a single character icon on the map you are forced to click on for the rest of the game. If you do this though, you might not get the TRUE/PURE ending of the game though, so you have to replay the game.Being new to the game, I reccomend going for the Oz guys first. The reason for this is that they tell you more info about the town and how it works than the other side characters, especially Kyrie. Also don't be angry of sad that you don't manage to get the ending you want. You can just start from the beginning of the game and skip the conversation boxes you have already went through to save yourself time, but as you do that... for every character you have gotten an ending on, you get a little extra scene with more info about them. Usually they contain more backstory for the character you're pursuing a love interest with, or just in general a funny/silly conversation (I especially adore the ones with Kyrie and Caramia. The teasing never ends).It's going to take a little time to get used to get repeated dialouge since there are so many endings to the game to get all the CGs to unlock the grand ending of the game, but that's why you have so many save slots and you must know where to save as well so you can save yourself some time. You can of course use a walkthrough to get the endings you want, but I recommend going in blind until you know you absolutely can't get that final ending you want/need. You'll get less spoilers of dialogue that way.I'm not going to spoil any more of the game than I need to, as I want this to be a helpful reveiw to anyone who's interested in buying this game... so lets get on with the summery of it all!(Contains minor spoilers)GOOD:* Each character had a lot of personality behind them - they were all each of their own. They were all their own person and had each their own goods and flaws, which made them appealing to go for. (But I seriously can't stand Ande. Sorrynotsorry...)* Beautiful artstyle - I feel like art style has a lot to say when you play Otome games. It's different to a book, but very similar to something like a manga and anime.* Good soundtrack - It wasn't boring or repetetive. It gave a good mood to each scenario that was playing out, some music tracks only played on certain routes/endings.* Great themes - Fairy tale + Mafia + Characters drawn by Satoi = LOVE!! I want more!* Taking a risk by adding the 'Brothel' route to the game - it makes it dark and sexy, but I thought it was too short and disapointing that none of the main Ozes tried to save you except for the very end where nothing happened in the end.* A lot of save spaceBAD:* Not fully voice-acted! - Not a major whoop, as some Otome games don't have voice actors at all, but this game being at a steep price, even more expensive than Amnesia, I thought it would at least have full voice-acting. It did not.* Voices were either too quiet or music too loud - It was annoying and hard to tell what the cause was. Sometimes the characters whisper in certain scenes and I get that their voices should be more quiet, but they are waaay too quiet sometimes. And it even happens when they don't whisper!* No bad endings! - There was no risk for you to die or get rejected on any of the routes (except for brothel). You always got some sort of happy ending, and none of the characters would go into madness/ragefit or crazy, which is what other Otome games do to make a bad ending. (Would have loved to see how yandere Caramia would turn out if he went crazy in his lion mode! <3)* The story was lackluster - However the characters kept me going into playing this game.* No translation on the CG gallery - it has voices but no subs, Amnesia managed to sub theirs so why not this game too?* No way to watch progress with the character you are interested in - it makes the game hard to remember if you are doing good or bad, or check which ending you're leaning towards until the very end of the story.* The translation was off or weird to someone who is familiar to japanese words - As with most Otome games being translated to english, there are prone to be some errors, but in this game it was almost stupidly obvious. I seriously don't understand what the deal is with the german/italian translations to words which were said and meant differently in japanese.I'm going to list the ones I remember:Don - it means ""boss"", in jap they say ""Boss"", but wrote in the subs that it was ""don"", I had no idea what it meant until later into the game and listening to the voices.Mafiosi - it means Mafia, but they write it either as mafiosi or mafios, In jap they say ""Mafia/Mafio"" so why change it?Signorina - In jap they say ""Ojo-san"" which is another word for ""Miss"" or ""My lady"". I know that Signorina is basically the same thing, but it's not what you say in english!Grazie/danke - Why couldn't the translation just say ""thanks/thank you""? They literally say ""Sankyu"" which is a slang term in jap for the english ""thank you"".All in all, I still love this game, I can't get enough of the characters.. So I do hope we get an OZMAFIA!! 2 game in the future. Also... I wish the makers good luck with airing the anime of this game in july 2016! Can't wait to see it!"
76561198305043547,Recommended,303290,25235457,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MegSonic,"Overall, I really loved this game. The characters and routes were great; my personal favorite routes are Caesar, Hamelin, Kyrie, Axel, and Caramia, although I loved the others as well (except the Brothel route, which I absolutely despised. It made me very uncomfortable and upset me quite a bit).I do recommend this game if you're looking for an otome game to play, although I also recommend you look up some info on the Brothel route so you can tell whether or not you'll be ok with playing it.(Additional recs for gameplay: Start with all 3 famiglia Oz routes, do Caesar second-to-last, and do Soh last. Especially make sure to do Soh's last.)"
,Recommended,303290,25242409,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,aikawarei,"You really need a guide to get 100% completion, but the game itself is quite enjoyable. You'll quickly tire of the love triangles that happen, but it's only with the Oz boys themselves that this occurs. Once you unlock the Epilogue and Grand Ending, a lot of the weird stuff other people did makes sense.It was a satisfying game to play and well worth the money even if I didnt like the 'Grand Ending'. Play once through just for fun and then get a guide to unlock every CG and get the Grand Ending."
76561198272963713,Recommended,303290,25208624,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Whooki91,"Once upon a time, there was a girl named Fuka, who woke up in a unkwown city. She met a sexy guy who, for no apparent reason, wants to kill her. Luckily she managed to escape from his rage and she was saved by three handsome guys: the Oz family. They welcomed her in their estate as she hasn't no memoriers of her past...from that moment started her journey in which love tangled with drama, fun times interrupted by conflicts and some characters are not what they seem.What is the name of this fairytale? OZMAFIA!I've played lot of Otome before and I am positively happy to write that Poni-pachet did an amazing job to create this visual novel.Pros:1) a lot of choices and interactions!You will not find yourself bored for just reading meanwhile you wait rare moment  where you can  finally interact with the story. In Ozmafia, everytime there is a new scene or you meet a boy, you will have to choose an answer.I think this is a rare quality and I enjoyed it!2) Love triangle!In the majority cases in Otome, when you start the game, you have to pick up only one boy until the end.In Ozmafia you can choose another husbando, if the first didn't convince you.Unfortunately, this is available only for the Oz family, but I don't complain at all, as I really liked this new fresh air in the Otome world.3) a lot of routes, CG and different ending!4) Amazing art and music!5) Cute and fun moments, but also drama and mature content!Ozmafia is a great mix of romance, innocent stuff and dark, mature content.Violence and extreme content (like in the Brothel route) are leaved to the immagination, but still this game gives unexpected materials that I honestly didn't foresee.Cons:1) YU-RIS bug:It happened twice, meanwhile I was skipping some scenes, that it appeared an icon titled ""Yu-ris debug"" where I had to interrupt the game and I wasn't able to re open the game, before deleting files from the save folder.If you copy the files, you can paste it later, so you don't have to re start the game from the beginning, but still I have always lost all the CG in the gallery.Nothing so serious, but as I wanted to finish the game with the gallery complete, I had to replay all the routes.At some point, I was afraid to use the skip button.I haven't found out other problems during the gameplay, so in the end I am satisfied of this otome and I definitely recommend to everyone!"
,Recommended,303290,25117552,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,taehyungie,"This is the first Visual Novel I played but I have yet to see such a beautiful artstyle and I really fell in love with this world and its characters!You start as a adorable girl without memories chased by an, of course, handsome man in a town you can't recognize. Luckily, you get saved by the don Caramia and and his right hand Kyrie of the famiglia Oz, which is the first Mafia famiglia of five you get to know and get to stay throughout the story.Artstyle: 10/10I've seen many artstyles before even if not in a Visual Novel and this is on of the most stunning and dreamy drawings I have seen! the chracters are to die for ;)Characters: 9/10Not only their appearances are drop dead gorgeous but their interactions are so entertaining and witty as well. Tsundere Axel, Best Friend/Big Brother Caramia with a soft heart and witty Kyrie and to only mention the main characters. Each chracter is very unique which makes evry storyline you choose more or less equally as intriguing. I peronally hav to say that I really like Kyrie although not many seem to like his teasing manner. Maybe because I am quite similiar to him in some aspects.Now to our little Fuka. Many don't seem to favor her character too much but I thought she was really, really entertaining. She is just so abstrusely dense and do to no memory even more helpless which I find absolutley endearing .Story: 9/10The special thing about the story is that the climax is not when you finally conquered your love interest but the story after. Every charcter has alternate endings depending what answers you chose and the three main characters have even more endings. I was pretty confused what suddenly happended when I tried to make Kyrie love me when I suddenly landed with Caramia in bed. There is a sign which charcter you have currently in you favor which I didn't pay futher attention. But praise the (very many available) save slots.Bit by bit you learn more of the town, its citizens and its past unitil it catches up to the present in the grand finale.Some recommended not to start with the Wolf Gang characters but to be honest I don't think it matters that much. The stories are independant.Music: 10/10Music was very pleasing! I especially love the melody in the backround of the confessions which adds so much atmosphere. I really wish I could somehow get my hands on it.Specials:This game has a CG Gallery where you can revisit special moments from each character even with their own commentary which has unfortunately no english subtitle.The only frustrating thing about this game would be when you can't seem to get all the CG's.It gets very repetitive collecting everything there is to collect but maybe it's like that in Visual Novels.If you love a funny story with addicting charcters and dirty jokes I would definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,303290,25113040,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Wulfi,"I have 26 hours played so far and Ive only just reached 50% completion.There are many routes and the main 3 have multiple endings, you can even switch route half way through to experience a completely different romance. I find the ""switch"" routes to be most enjoyable. And much more steamy. The comedy and banter between the characters is fantastic and I found myself having to pause for a moment to calm down due to laughing fits. This is my second favourite otome game, i say second because Hakuouki will always hold number 1 in my heart. <3"
,Recommended,303290,27142303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,teresarisa,this game is awesome !
76561198129245021,Recommended,303290,27418023,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hamburger Boy,I just love this game!
76561198034779014,Recommended,303290,24917384,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,fishychoo,Thanks to MangaGamer I've been eyeing this game for a long while after the localization was announced and finally got my hands on it thanks to Steam sale! :) I've only just finished collecting all of the CGs for the 3 main guys but I already love the whole setup of this game; the whole Wizard of Oz element was a nice twist since you don't see many Western references in Japanese games. Honestly I've never encountered a otome game with so many choices before (especially the triangle relationship) so it's a nice change of pace for a game of this genre. I absolutely love the character art (one of the main reasons I was attracted) and while not the entire game is voiced I at least like how important conversations are voiced; personally for me when it comes to visual novels I do like to read a lot while the voicing is an added bonus! Despite what people may say about this game and/or otherwise if your a true otome gamer you have to give this game a try and enjoy it like the rest of us :D
76561198103235794,Recommended,303290,23078933,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Wintergreen,A great otome with some really nice artwork! DEFINITELY worth it!Axel is too damn cute. I want to take him home with me. <3
76561198002047726,Recommended,303290,24267205,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kitorimatsu,"One of the best otome (dating) games i have play! The storyline, art, design, voice acting and uniqueevents makes this game truly worth the money. Plus who doesnt like to have handsome boys fighting for you. ;)"
76561198016703284,Recommended,303290,24385170,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BlubberNuggetz,"Since I have only finished one route this review may be a bit lacking, but I feel that I can safely say that this VN is absolutely amazing! The art and character designs are gorgeous, some of the best I have seen and the use of softer colors is highly fitting for it. The story from what I have read so far is actually quite good, even though I chose to focus solely on Caramia for my first playthrough I still found out a good amount about the world and the other members of Famiglia Oz and all of the other characters. For the most part it's pretty easy to choose the right options to get on the route you want to go down, which is a nice change of pace from some of the other VN I have played that make it harder. I was a bit put off from buying the game initially due to the fairly large price tag, but it seems that this game is long enough to more than justify the price tag.Pros:-Gorgeous art-Just about every character is entertaining-Interesting plot-Good setting-Bishounen-Good heroineCons:-Putting it in full screen actually make the sprites look somewhat worse.-Not every line is voiced-???Overall I would say that this is a fantastic VN and well worth the time of just about anyone, assuming they are levelheaded enough to not be sickened by trying to romance the men, or the single female romantic option, as a female lead."
,Recommended,303290,24735798,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Saeryu,"Alright. There's a ton of things I'd like to say about this game, but I'll try to condense it as well as I can without spoilers XD.First off, as the opening theme at the top of the page demonstrates, the music is great. The art too, is fantastic. (Fun fact: The artist is the same for Diabolik Lovers, another great Otome from Otomate). The interface is cute, but not overly done. The atmosphere and setting is well-established, and the characters are quite charming. The MC, Fuka, is also cute, but could be rather ignorant and clueless in some (if not most), situations. Although that isn't necessarily her fault.However, it's also important to note that a couple of routes contain trigger warnings. OZMAFIA!! is a fun game, but some routes and characters are likely to creep you out and dart into rather dark themes. Something to also consider is that the final epilogue of this game is actually only accessible once you complete every route and ending OZMAFIA!! has to offer. So this could be a bit of a turn-off to those that wish to avoid such themes.Also, be sure to SAVE OFTEN. Replaying routes is necessary to complete the CG gallery and obtain all the endings. So the ability to load save files at the route's turning point is a huge convenience as well as a time saver, (or unless you're like me and insist on seeing the extra scenes that are available upon repeated playthroughs from start to finish... which I still consider an annoyance, as those scenes could've easily been included in the first playthrough, and saving the player many hours of playtime).OZMAFIA!! is a flawed game, and not a perfect one by any stretch of the means, but it has great art, a cute soundtrack and a plot interesting enough to keep the player engaged. Although the game drags on at some points, OZMAFIA!!'s an experience worth considering for Otome and Visual Novel fans to play from the growing list on the Steam market.If asked how I'd score it, I'd give a 7.5/10. Has holes, but none so big that it should be avoided from playing firsthand."
,Recommended,303290,24584887,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Butts&Money,"I just bought it yesterday, but I'm already in love. The music, the art, the characters, the story...everything is so beautiful. You just get lost in it.Definitely recommend. One for the collection, I'd say c;"
76561198275180335,Recommended,303290,24561248,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Candyslayergirl,"I was initially very excited to play this game, it completely enticed me. The concept, though based on the Wizard of Oz and other fairy tales, was creative and cute. They even added the concept of the mafia into it. It seemed interesting enough so I bought it and played it.I was disappointed for several reasons. Not to say that this game is bad, it was enjoyable and cute, but it has flaws.I've only completed one character route, but I don't think I'll play the others. The plot is a bit lacking. I checked other reviews, and there is a plot, but when you're playing the game, it feels like you're just playing through choppy movie cutscenes that start and end abruptly. The beginning of the game was alright, with the music intro and exposition. I thought OZMAFIA!! was a Japanese game translated to English and released on the market, becuase the the artwork is brilliant and beautiful and because of the music opening. The exposition could have been better though. It felt a bit too rushed. What script the game has is well written with few grammatical errors and typos, (though I did find some), but I wish the developers added more. It would help with the plot holes and the ""choppy"" scenes.Another reason I was disappointed was the voice acting. When I bought the game, I thought it was fully voiced, but this is not the case. The beginning is voiced but towards the middle and end, the voice acting starts getting choppy because only certain lines are voiced since the developers of the game added more script after the voice acting was done. For $34, I expected full voice acting.The final reason I was disappointed was the quality/resolution of the game. I played on both Windows and a Macbook with retina display. I expected the quality on retina display to be better. The game, even in full-screen mode, does not fill up the entire screen for either Windows or Mac. There are several inches cut off from the sides and though the art is beautiful, it is pixley. I understand that OZMAFIA!! is the developer's first otome game, but I wish they could make the game at least fill up the whole screen.The game has a high replay value since it's an otome game, but the common route would get tiring after a while. The only new parts of ""story"" the game has, after your first playthrough, happen when you choose who you want to spend time with on Sunday. This makes the script even more choppy.Overall, I did enjoy the game. I don't regret spending my money, but I wish the game was . . . better. I wish the developers good luck in their future games. This dones't make the game bad, but I didn't really like the personality of the female protagonist, but this is just in my opinion as some people will like her and some will not."
,Recommended,303290,24605161,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,derpquisitor,"I'm in love! I've finished four routes so far and I can't wait to do more. I don't like that some random lines aren't voiced and, though it says your main character is voiced, I haven't heard a peep from her in four routes. That being said, the game is wonderfully written and the art is absolutely breathtaking. OZMAFIA!! is well worth the $35."
,Recommended,303290,24464744,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SparklyKittenSouls,"This game is seriously pretty, the characters are adorable and I could easily play through it multiple times for the different routes. Very nicely done and I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a super cute, funny, visually pleasing otome game on steam."
,Recommended,303290,24043847,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ikiuni,"I love the art style so much. So far I have played only two routes, but I love the game already and can't wait to play more. :3 This is truly a great game! All the feels. ;_; <3"
,Recommended,303290,24109284,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Thea,Just bought this while on sale & I love it! Super enjoying the game.+Love the story+Love the art!+BGMs are superb+Love Triangle option+Hot boys!!+The heroine is beautiful! <3Hope they release more otome games like this in the future! <3
,Recommended,303290,28896801,Posted: 1 January,all,Doll,This game actually made me fall in love with a fictional character. 10/10 will play again.
76561198279852821,Recommended,303290,29774484,Posted: 7 February,all,jlrhine87,This game is super fun! Definitely an interesting take on the Wizard of Oz! Love the quirky characters and the humor. Gorgeous!
76561198167387341,Recommended,303290,29625848,Posted: 1 February,all,brownsa87,Great until the dogtower so stupid
76561198086583303,Recommended,303290,28655269,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ds201050,I have been playing this game for awhile now and I'm still greatly enjoying it. I love all the characters and the references to the fairy tales. No doubt in my mind 5/5!
,Recommended,303290,25029709,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,♡ 王妃,"This game is so nostalgic for those who grew up on child fanstasy stories. It spins so many characters together that originally would not have met each other, or even existed outside of books. On top of that, it includes a unique take on a mafia lifestyle. Although the game can get hostile, there aren't many bad endings for the heroine. I immediately fell in love with the theme song. To this day, I still get goosebumps hearing it (and I've heard it every time it played on EACH route). This game is an instant pick me up for those struggling in the real world. It deserves so much more love than 147 reviews gives. There is SO much love exploding from this game. All the characters introduced in the theme song video are available to be chosen. Although not all end up as lovey-dovey as some, I appreciated that I was given a choice. Although this game isn't my favorite visual novel, it is easily my second. The art is so unique and detailed, the male voices are perfectly tailored to their own character, and each character has the ability to really love you, the main character. This game may seem expensive, but with all the endings, length of stories, and hidden scenes, I believe my money was not wasted in the slightest."
76561198272660456,Recommended,303290,28481525,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,HawwahIsEve,"Great game but, the main threes routes were pretty depressing, even the endings jfc. The disconnect from all the routes to the ManBoy route was 10/10. Wished Pashet was a yuri route but oh well :/ . Overall plot had a twist that hit me like a brick :DOut of all the otome games thats been localized this game would take 4th or 5th place easy."
,Recommended,303290,28477261,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,meghan,"I honestly thought I was going to end up giving this game a somewhat bad review, but after finally completing EVERYTHING, I feel more satisfied than I expected, so good review it is! Honestly, I'd say it's not an awful game, but it's good? I dunno... this game does have a lot of flaws, but after finishing it I can look back and say I did enjoy my time playing it (despite my frustration with the MC and lack of telling me what the heck is going on with the plot and how she got there while playing.) I enjoyed getting to know the characters, as there's a lot of routes and endings to explore. I actually had to use a walkthrough with this one so I could keep track. There's also love triangle/transferred ending aspects with the three Oz Mafia characters. A lot of people didn't like those, but I didn't mind them, and they provided for some NICE cgs, heh. The art is great, but I'm sure every other review tells you that as well. Anyways, none of the routes tell you ANYTHING about the main character or the plot. You just learn about the characters, which isn't bad, but the game would have been a lot better to me if it got a bit deeper with character development and plot reveals. It'd be nice to see some hints or foreshadowing to the plot, or any attempt at ALL to help the MC ""get back"" her memories or find out how she got there, but they all just accept it and continue on... like what?! That's not realistic! But, whatever... you only find out about anything during the Epilogue and the Grand Ending.Besides the plot being a bit shallow, the biggest aspect I disliked about this game was how dense and idiotic the main character is. I know this is kinda common in otome games, but goodness... I honestly wanted to just reach through my screen and punch the MC sometimes for how stupid she was. I know she lost her memories and all (and with the plot reveal of how she got there through the Grand Ending, I guess it kinda makes sense as to why she was a bit dense) but I feel as though if breathing wasn't automatic, she'd forget how to do it and would die within seconds. She's just really, really innocent and dumb and it annoyed me greatly, especially since all of the characters KNOW SHE IS and make fun of her for it and treat her as if she's a 5 year old. Meanwhile, in the Brothel route, she does a complete 180 during the end and I'm just left to think... where the heck... did this side of her just come from... is this really the same girl who was told to drink milk in a bar and got passed out drunk after one sip of Caramia's alcohol...? Hah. Btw, speaking of Brothel route... weird as hell, but I have the biggest soft spot for Alfani.Anyways, the plot reveal was cool, but don't expect some huge, cool, new story out of it. With some of the explanations, I was kinda like,""...Oh?""but at least it put everything into place. I can't really explain it any other way without spoiling. While I was playing and knew nothing about the overall plot though, I was getting a bit upset that I wasn't getting any answers during gameplay/routes, and wondered if I would ever get any at all.Anyways, as a conclusion, I do recommend it. Not the best, and probably not worth how expensive it is for an otome game, but it was a long game and I enjoyed it for the most part. Also, even if I really, really hated it, I'm not going to impulsively spend $35 only to not play the game! I'm impulsive, but not crazy. After you go through one route, you pretty much have already seen about 50% of the plot for each of the routes... so using Skip for already read parts is a must (this is because, as you are able to ""pick"" who you are going for, the events are all the same, but you get new tidbits with each new character you're going after until you're 100% on their route, which all continue on differently... if that makes sense!) I was surprised at how much I liked Kyrie during his route despite him being a massive turd during other routes (and I guess for some of his own, too). I loved Soh during his route and he made me cry and then I took my crying back during the Epilogue/Grand Ending.But most importantly: Scarlet is BEST BOY and deserved SO MUCH MORE. HE NEEDS ETERNAL HAPPINESS. That is all."
76561198246098184,Recommended,303290,28475919,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,julia.fabian,"I love this game ! *-* BUT i changed from an microsoft laptop to mac and now i can't play it anymore :-( That's the only problem, that  the game is not working with mac.(well most of the otome games don't sadly)But i really love the stories so far, they are funny, sometimes sad, sometimes dramatic.The Art is also really nice and pretty , the soundtracks are really nice and calming."
,Recommended,303290,28219330,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bakeneko,"TL;DR:If you're new to otome games and don't mind bittersweet or even sad endings, you'll probably be very excited to play this one. (Let me emphasize that most endings are at least bittersweet. There are few endings that are outright happy and a few that are sad.) If replayability of an otome game is important to you, this will work well for you! If you don't like love triangles or stories where a couple breaks it off and the heroine gets together with someone else, you'll probably want to avoid this, though.---Overall Impression:I do like it in a general sense, but can't help but feel completing the game becomes tedious at points. Several of the characters are wonderful, but after you've seen the ""common event"" scenes a thousand times in pursuit of completing the game, their charm can wear thin, even when you're using the Skip/fast forward function.Content:It's a game about mafia groups and has a route called ""The Brothel Route"" - that should give you a general idea that there is some violent, twisted, and at least heavily implied sexual content. (And it has all of these things.) Please keep in mind that there will probably be areas of the story that you will find upsetting or uncomfortable - and most of them were probably meant to make you feel that way. Honestly, I'm very disappointed with The Brothel Route in general - not out of prudishness, but when you unlock the Grand Finale ending, IMHO, it doesn't even make sense that it exists. If you like a bit of twisted darkness to your fairytales, I suppose it'd actually be a bonus, but even though I don't mind sexual content or dark, twisted storylines, this one left me feeling very discontent.Translation/Editing:For the most part, it seemed pretty great. I never read the orginal Japanese version (as I don't know enough Japanese to read the originals yet), but the story was expressed smoothly and didn't differ much from the audio I understood. There were a few typos, but I probably only noticed because I was looking.Art/Character Design:For the most part, it was pretty great. The characters were distinct and looked interesting and fairly unique. Nameless NPCs and most of the smaller side characters only got static sprites, so it was a bit disconcerting when they would look joyful while expressing terror or sadness, but it's a very minor gripe.The Heroine:Look, okay... I know that for ~story reasons~ it makes sense she's an idiot, but she was pretty insufferable with her idiocy. There were a lot of times I agreed with Gretel and sort of wished that there were outright Death endings, rather than simply ""more bitter than sweet"" endings. I can't even put her into the category of ""good-hearted idiot"" - because she was often quite callous and insensitive in her stupidity - even to the point of ignoring outright statements of, ""Hey, you're hurting my feelings saying that."" I believe it was Kyrie who said that where she went, chaos followed and it's true. It wasn't even in a ""yes, shake things up!"" sort of chaos, but often seemed to hamper the story more than move things in interesting ways. There was something about her I still ended up liking, but honestly, the love interests deserved better than her.The Love Interests:For the most part, all of them were wonderful characters. I may have ended up not appreciating all of them, but I think most people would be happy to interact with all of them. Well, maybe not those from the Brothel - they were interesting, but what wasn't disturbing about the route was upsetting. (Manboy...) My favorites were Pashet (whether you decide there was unvoiced romantic interest or if it was a pure best friend route doesn't matter), Scarlet (he was robbed in his routes, but I liked his personality), Caramia (he surprised me as I expected him to be blandly charming and he was definitely more interesting than I expected), and most of all Kyrie. (It says a lot when the most acidic character in the game is my favorite. I'd have been very upset if Kyrie had been that cruel to a different heroine, but for this particular heroine, it never made me feel uncomfortable. I liked him still even before I entirely understood his motivations.) I agree with those who felt like Robin Hood's routes shouldn't have ended the way they did. I'll warn in advance that they're pretty upsetting, too.Story:I want to say it's actually very wonderful and interesting, but I'm not sure I really feel that way. I don't know that it made a lot of sense and I almost regret having played through the ""Epilogue"" and ""Grande Finale"" endings. Especially since the endings actually made parts of the story make less sense, even while supposedly closing the mysteries of the game. There was something that could have been amazing with the story, but I feel like it didn't quite reach its potential. However, since I place characters higher than overall story in otome games, I'm still overall pleased with the game. I will warn that if you try to get all of the endings, you probably will want a walkthrough and a lot of time will be wasted hitting the Skip button while you wait for it to get to the next choice so you can make sure to flip all the correct switches to get a little chunk of new story and the ending. I hear after you play the Grand Finale and have unlocked everything, there are new lines/mini scenes that get added to the game, so when you feel like revisiting the characters/the world, there will be something new for you to experience...I also would like to specifically point out the love triangles/break up part of the storyline. I don't know that I've ever played a game with such a feature before and I'm pretty sure I don't want to again. I felt like the transitions between the romances were handled very poorly. [SPOILER - warning in case you want NOTHING spoiled.] It bothered me that her feelings were so weirdly wired. ""I love him, I love him, Oh I guess it's not going to work out, hey second guy? I think I'll love you instead."" And thisalwayslead to them sleeping together and her going the next morning to tell her first love interest she'd decided to be with guy number two. In that order of events. Then guy number one would always wish her well and then (because of the way the game was set up), it's like it never happened. [/spoiler off] I feel like the only way it worked at all was because the heroine was so dim-witted and her feelings felt extremely shallow, so it made sense on her end. It made me feel utterly rotten, though. Weirdly, the ""transfer"" endings were often the best and most positive, sweet endings available, so they're actually worth getting.In closing...I may sound very negative on the game, but I feel like there were a lot of good ideas in it and some real gem characters. I'll probably replay the game just for my favorite characters from time to time, especially Kyrie, whom I'll actively miss. I can't really say that about a lot of games."
76561198124709345,Recommended,303290,28724196,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,porkolasusan,very cute art style and the story was very compelling. i spent many hours playing this game. i loved the music too and the there is good character depth.
,Recommended,303290,30243828,Posted: 28 February,all,Psychobot,"Gorgeous art, decent story and some cool dudes."
,Recommended,303290,31424279,Posted: 28 April,all,haileydolittle,This game has such a huge cast of characters and so many routes and endings to explore. The art is drop dead gorgeous; the entire game looks like a watercolor painting. I had such a fun time navigating my way around it. It's a very serious game while also being a really silly one at the same time. I had a great time and loved all the characters and the stories a lot.
76561198084121995,Not Recommended,303290,31918174,Posted: 23 May,all,Lilly,"I just purchased this game and would really like it if I could play it.  From what I'm seeing in the forums (which I probably should have checked before purchase) there has been a couple different debug messages that have been going around when you launch the game.  I was really excited about playing this game, but it appears that I have found a new debug message.  I think the producers of this game need to create a new patch (since I don't believe I see that a new patch has been put up).  I would probably change my review if this gets changed.  I'm really hoping for the best here, becuase I was really excite to play this game and find that I might have wasted money now."
76561198335431969,Recommended,303290,31941561,Posted: 24 May,all,MamaOtome,"Theme song is 10/10 boss level, it's been stuck in my head and I actually restart from begining every time just to listen to it. It took me a moment to get into the game, and I dislike how random the voiced parts are. The way they organized the CGs was a little odd to me, many of the character's CGs were listed under ' Other ' which just seemed odd. It was really hard to tell which options gave you more affection with certain characters, which made staying on route without guide difficult in my opinion. However, all these little things didn't amount to much in my opinion of the game! By the time I completed the Oz boy’s routes I was definitely happy with my purchase. I lived for the moments of ' team hazing ' to embarrass another character, the artwork was really decent, and the voice acting was good too. I really recommend playing the oz boys first, helps when you want to skip texts. I played in this order - Caramia > Axel > Kyrie > (Then did all the triangles) > Pashet > Scarlet > Robin > Brothel > Cesar > and LEAVE SOU FOR LAST. There is no good or bad endings, but B endings were pretty hard for me to swallow. Outside of Caesars I actually liked his B ending more, Kyrie's line about Fuka x Caesar was great. I saved the Epilogue and Grand Ending for last, and I really recommend that cause I feel like the Epilogue might spoil some routes a bit?8/10"
76561198129127335,Recommended,303290,32419835,Posted: 14 June,all,Gabriele,"The art is obviously very good (Satoi's art is gorgeous, c'mon) and I like the localization a lot, mangagamer always does a great job in my opinion. The problem is the plot, it has a lot of holes and feels like a QuinRose's Alice ripoff for the most part. What put me off the most was the constant contradictions. It's almost like the writer forgot about some elements of the world and it's characters.Still, it was enjoyable, it's pretty funny too, if the amount of hours I spent on it is anything to go by, I like it.We don't have that many otome games localized, it's not the best but it's definitely not the worst. If you like dating 2D boys (and a cat girl) and enjoy mobile kusoge you probably won't mind the plot flaws that much, if you prioritize a good plot... Then you might not like it. If you love playing otome games and want to play a lot of them, then by all means play it, especially if you don't have a psvita (like me </3), besides, if we buy otome games, we'll get more otome games, Ozmafia sold enough to get a physical copy and now mangagamer is localizing another otoge (it's a +18 too), so if this says anything, helping the industry sounds like a good deal.Also, don't watch the anime before playing this thinking you'll get an idea of how the vn is, you won't, the plot is completely different and the only good thing wasseeing Hameln happy (please, just let him be happy, I'll forget all the flaws if you just let him be happy I don't care about the rest).An end note: I'm not an expert and that's just my silly opinion, I like it and I don't regret buying it, that's enough for me to recommend it."
,Recommended,303290,23353533,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Tetris,"the art is great, the music is great, the characters and dialogue are fantastic, there's so many routes, the decisions you make feel like you actually influence the game (and not just influence tiny, meaningless aspects of a scene like in some games), it's a really good otome game. 10/10 would recommend. (Side note: most of the time, I personally play otome games to make fun of them, but this one is genuinely a wild ride, in a good way)"
,Recommended,303290,34986643,Posted: 15 September,all,Manjuu,"So many characters to play through.Each has a different story.Fun: 7/10The main routes, Sou and Caesar's are the most interesting, but cos I played Sou and Caesar's last, I was already a bit drained from having played so many other routes that I didn't have the mood to enjoy them fully.Some routes feel like a chore to go through just to unlock their CG.My opinion on how fun the routes are: main characters > robin, caesar, scarlet, soh, hamelin > manboy > pashetStory: 7/10Interesting overarching plot, though it's a chore to unlock it with so many characters. Most of the story is found in the main characters' routes, but nothing much is revealed from the supporting characters.---I'll recommend getting it on sale."
,Recommended,303290,24753666,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,taylor's succubus 💖,i guess its kinda cool if i spent 32.7 hours trying to 100% the game.axel is pretty cute and so is kyrie.
,Recommended,303290,34678518,Posted: 2 September,all,horriblecatpun,"Good characters, nice voice acting and pretty music. The mc can be kind of clueless at points but that just comes with an otome game. Bonus points for the catgirl."
