user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,303310,23942876,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Silke Neryn,"This is a game, a story, about love.It's also about time, tragedy, about hope, hate, despair and everything that falls in between. It revolves around a cursed mansion and its inhabitants in different time periods and explores and questions themes like identity, trust, desire, violence, society, redemption, reincarnation,reconstruction; a mind bending reexamination of lives lived.It's about the big things in life but it's also about the little things. The things that constantly shapes us when we're not really looking, that gives our day-to-day its meaning and substance.But more than anything, it's about the complexities of love. Love as a motivator, a discomfort, a longing, a heartache, a blessing, a curse, but most of all, as a relationship: the uneasy steps out of individual comfort zones and the creation of something new together. Love as a path to growth.It's almost perplexing how they manage to make it all work, it's structurally among the most ambitious tales I've ever witnessed in video games, but they do, it does work, the missteps are few, the memories of it all absolutely enchanting.It wouldn't have worked without the astonishing soundtrack. It handles everything with surprising ease, frames every scene with emotion and wonder.It wouldn't have worked without the art, the beautiful depictions of scenery and life, the characters and their subtle expressions.It wouldn't have worked without the interaction, the implications of the choices feels real.It wouldn't have worked without the prose, but it wouldn't have worked asjustprose.Which is why it's a video game.And it's the greatest love story on Steam."
,Recommended,303310,32779865,Posted: 25 June,all,Dasya,"Excellent story about love, tragedy, revenge, and salvation, that is backed up by a phenominal sound track. The House in Fata Morgana is not just one of the best VNs I have read, but one of the best stories in general I have come across.What starts with a maid telling you the tales and history of a mansion you awoke in, turns into a story involving people's lives over the span of centuries, how they are all connected to each other, and how all their fates are linked back to a single curse upon the mansion and the people within it.To top it off, the gothic horror art style (much like the music) is very fitting, and a breath of fresh air from the moe-blobs we currently see in every VN being released."
,Recommended,303310,24631663,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,spoderman,"The House in Fata Morgana tries to be different than traditional anime styled VNs, and it not only succeeds in doing this.. it's in a completely different league of it's own. By the time I finished it, I felt as though the game had embedded itself into my soul. I couldn't help but empathize with all of the characters, I really felt for them. Every character is loaded with depth and has multiple sides to them. The story is exceptionally well written, with many shocking plot twists that you likely won't see coming.The soundtrack is hauntingly captivating, fitting the scenes depicted perfectly and increases the emotional impact of everything exponentially. It's not only one of my favorite soundtracks for a VN, but any genre period. Seriously, it's worth buying The House in Fata Morgana for the soundtrack alone, it's that good. Sprites are gorgeous, and prove that a VN doesn't need traditional anime styled art to be appealing.. the sprites are actually better looking than any other VN I've played. The artwork in combination with the soundtrack sets off a very unique incredibly dark atmosphere that you would be hard pressed to find in any other game, especially horror themed.If I had to list any flaws, it'd be that there's no widescreen support or voice acting. I couldn't be anymore pleased, the experience was amazing and it's hard to put into words. It's more something that you need to experience for yourself than take reviews at face value. IMO this is the best visual novel you can buy at $25 full price on steam. Well worth the price, and will last you for 20 hours minimum."
,Recommended,303310,32074829,Posted: 30 May,all,Celi,"This is perhaps one of the best stories I've ever read.I don't know how to describe the beautiful yet raw feelings that I received while reading this VN without spoiling everything. I won't actually spoil a thing, but please believe me when I say that the price of the game is well-worth the content.  Most everyone has said why better than I could, but my personal experience is that this is a game that has a way that forces you to get in touch with your heart in ways you weren't expecting. It takes certain tropes and spins them around. It makes you think in different ways. It is painful.  It tells you there isn't always one answer.Some things can't change, but also, some things CAN.It's a game that genuinely understands the human emotions, and if you can think you can handle it, please try it out.Which by the way, the content warnings exist because there are some really dark and traumatic scenes in the game! I actually commend the company for providing proper content warnings because this does have a lot of distressing content! Some of the content even contains spoilers (which they do warn for), but they're not afraid to lay it all out to make sure fans know what they're getting into. That care that they have for the audience without needing a push for it is great.And also, from what I've seen, I think they handled this content with care while also not romanticizing any of it which I GREATLY appreciate. It's painful, but it drives the point of the game home. I can only comment on part of the game because I don't have personal experience with all of this content myself, perhaps those with similar experiences will disagree? But so far from what I have seen, everyone seems to agree that with such sensitive subject matter, it really was done tastefully.The artwork by Moyataro is also beautiful and fitting for the story (I REALLY love the faces especially holy cow), and the music is simple but beautiful and if some of the songs don't get stuck in your head then you're stronger than I am, lol. I don't normally buy game soundtracks cuz I don't listen to instrumental but I plan to buy this one asap. Also this VN is LONG. ITS 30 HOURS LONG. It might not be a ""game"" but it's LITERALLY 30 HOURS OF TEXT and that's me being a really fast reader okay. I'm telling you, it's worth the money!This game is just done with so much care and especially LOVE. The original company and the translation team both have put so much effort! You can feel it! I could write three essays on this game in like two days if I wanted to. I wish I could talk about my favorite parts of the game and truly explain the beauty of what this company created. But I want you all to enjoy the game for yourself, and have your own journey to form your own thoughts and opinions along the way.BUY THIS GAME. DO IT."
,Recommended,303310,22973418,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,BlackOdd,"Pleased with initial impressions. In the cesspool of bland, sexualized and stereotypical visual novels that has invaded Steam lately this is a fresh experience, both in graphics and in story. But most importantly you have genuine characters with credible human minds, wishes and lives. Only 3 hours in, but there has been very interesting scenarios of love, death, betrayal and happiness.I have been drawn in quite effectively, and I would recommend it based only on these few hours. It has certainly been worth the money, and I'm convinced it will keep on giving many times more it's worth."
,Recommended,303310,30764051,Posted: 26 March,all,atro city,"A modern masterpiece, The House in Fata Morgana is a visual novel about the tragedies surrounding an old mansion, and all the complex human relationships that led to those tragedies. To say that this VN is well-written is an understatement; it may in fact be one of the best stories I've ever read.In my opinion, this is a wonderful starting VN for those new to the genre and everyone who likes character drama games like the Telltale games and Life is Strange should check out Fata Morgana, as it easily blows those games out of the water. Fata Morgana does not use an anime artstyle, nor does it use cliche anime tropes. Instead, it is heavily western-inspired and focuses on relatable, flawed people, making it a very immersive story.To say any more will spoil the mystery, as this is a VN that has many twists and turns. There's a reason why this has 100% positive reviews, because it's just that damn good."
,Recommended,303310,23151043,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vazra First of The Thirst,"Now that I'm finally done with The House in Fata Morgana I have decided to gather my thoughts on it.The House of Fata Morgana is really good visual novel that oozes atmosphere and doesn't go with a cliche anime visual style. A story that is pretty gruesome but it can have some light hearted moments to strike a decent contrast to the despair and messed up things to happen in the game. The whole cast has a purpose to being there and you will feel sad or hatred towards some of the characters which for most of the part seem intentional. The many endings and dead ends are mostly interesting and there is some extra dialogue on a few areas in the game if you play for the second time. Let's not forget one of the biggest stars in the game the OST that helps set everything of the atmosphere. The extra content is actually pretty nice. You get music, art gallery and some other things to look forward after clearing the game. It's mostly beginner friendly on terms of figuring out what to do and there are plenty of save slots for you to save every important moment of decision making.On the negative side there is a few chapters that can drag with details that people can pretty much figure out themselves while playing. (Nothing wrong with details but sometimes it can be a bit too much), there are some important events that you'll wish could had some CGs and some cases more sprites for more expressions. (This might be mostly me complaining over my adoration of the artstyle)Overall and probably expected by now I recommend the game for anyone looking to play a pretty darn good visual novel.+Amazing Art Direction and Atmosphere+Outstanding OST+Great CGs+Really Good Story+Interesting Endings + Dead Ends+Characters are pretty fleshed out and play the role they should therefore getting your like or dislike of them.+Nice Extras- Some pretty cliche writing on parts of the starting chapters which mostly was intentional for future parts of the story but still doesn't change that it was expected..- Could have more sprites and CGs for some events that seemed pretty important.- Pacing issues (It can drag a bit too much on a few chapters)"
,Recommended,303310,31945686,Posted: 24 May,all,Dopply,"I don't typically review games very often. Every once in a while, however, I play (or in this case really, read) something that just utterly exceeds all of my expectations. Not to sound too arrogant, but seeing as how I've played many hundreds upon hundreds of games, this is harder and harder for a game to do for me.The House in Fata Morganais a visual novel that, even now (almost a full year after completing it), I have a hard time letting go of.Fata Morganais essentially a tragic love story that spans several centuries, intertwining the fates of numerous characters. It is difficult to say more than that, because this story has a myriad of twists, turns, and story subverts that even jaded ole me didn't see. What starts as an innocent looking game with a very unique art style (at least for Japanese visual novels) quickly transforms into...well, something else. The game delves into a myriad of very deep, dark, and tragic subject matters. While knowing what's in store is not truly a spoiler, some may prefer to be surprised. Thus, I will list the subjects the game covers in spoilers, and discuss each of them briefly:You are in for a story that covers:- IncestThis is not done in a way that most Japanese media might seem to portray it. It's not covered for very long, but what's there is very effective.- Sociopathy/psychosisA truly deep dive on what sociopaths experience can be found in this tale. It's probably the most objective look at what drives the darkness in the hearts of humanity.- Sexual Assault (I wanted to use the stronger term but it seems to be censored)This particular subject will be very difficult for some to read. It is, however, executed with extreme realism and utmost respect. The build up and aftermath are truly haunting; it is not a plot device, used for vindicative reasons, or there to be tacky; rather, it is all in service to the overall theme of the story. Specifically, the focus is not on the vile act, but the mental scars thereafter. (As a side note, the author of this VN is a woman. Without that perspective, it would be impossible to write a story like this).- Body dysmorphiaOnce again, this will be very difficult to read for some, but as someone who has never nor can never experience such a terrible thing, my heart literally ached. It's perhaps the most realistic and convincing depiction I've ever seen in media, along with every consequence of the subject.It covers these very heavy, very important topics and more, with exceeding respect and tonally correct realism. Honestly, this bittersweet tragedy devastated me, and I empathized greatly with the characters. For a company that usually localizes pornographic games, MangaGamer did an absolutely outstanding job translating this game into English. The text volume is daunting, yet the text remains superbly written on a high level - with basically no grammatical errors. This game puts most other Visual Novels (barring a few) - with their tropes and cookie-cutter scenarios - to great shame. The characters are all very human and not a single one of them lacks a flaw. It is an adult, mature story - I would certainly not recommend it for a younger audience.Not to be too cliche, but Fata Morgana shows us what Visual Novels could be, if they weren't wrapped up genre stereotypes and an otaku-pandering market. Though I found myself enjoying the illustrations, I feel that the story would have been done better justice as a traditional novel - though it would be quite a lengthy one. Player choices are very few, so not much would be lost in translation. It would be much easier to get my friends to read it, that's for sure.Despite the very heavy subject matter and depressing, gothic storyline, the game ends with a very realistic, satisfying conclusion. Without a doubt the best visual novel I've ever played and one of the best stories I've ever read, period. It took me a while to choose between the excellentSteins;Gateand this as my favorite, but this one wins out as the overall better tale.I have few minor complaints. The pacing can drag on and on and on, similar to the latter books in theA Song of Ice and Fireseries (where every detail is exhausted), and the art can vary between being pretty good and pretty bad. Additionally - and also as a bit of a heads up - the first four chapters are written much...differently...then the rest of the game. Without giving too much away, you could consider those an extended prologue of sorts - the 'quality' of the writing quadruples in short order, despite it being...'lower'...on purpose.Other than all that, if you are a fan of intriguing stories draped in human realism, then I highly recommend you scroll back up and hit that 'Add to Cart' button. I doubt you will regret it."
,Recommended,303310,23137313,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Blattdorf,"I had high expectations of this Visual Novel, but it has still managed to blow me away multiple times. It's potentially the pinnacle of the genre, and it shows the potential this type of story-telling has.None of the magical anime crap that is dime-a-dozen everywhere. None of that dating sim ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that seems to be the bread and butter of Japanese visual novels.This is a mature, heart-wrenching story that I wish was the norm, not the exception.Nonetheless, it exists and I'm glad it does.Worth absolutely every penny and moment I've spent on it.Hopefully, we'll get to see more from this developer in the future."
,Recommended,303310,24981155,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Atarun,"DescriptionThe House in Fata Morgana is a visual novel that was written by Keika Hanada, developed by Novectacle and translated and published here by MangaGamer.Its impressively deep and tragic story spans a thousand year and has no less than 9 main characters (10 if you countthe White-Haired Girl and Morgana separately).It is a gothic horror and love story full of twists and turns and enough tragedy to fill many gothic novels.The game starts like a kinetic novel, with little to no choice, but do not let that fool you. While few and far between, the choices in this game are almost all very impactful, so much so they will often end the story right there. A bit of advice: save the game whenever you reach a choice and keep all those saves (you have way more than enough slots for that), especially if you want to later try to get all the achievements, as that will require you topretty much use all options in all choice screens.Trigger warning: while the visuals never get completely graphic, the text does describe many terrible acts and gory scenes in great details. Tread carefully.ProsAstounding story, full of tragedies, mysteries and surprisesAmazing soundtrack that really helps the script move the readerBeautiful art for the sprites and CGsA vast array of characters, each of which has many secrets to revealGreat writing (the style is always modern, regardless of the era, that is a choice made by both the original author and the translation team for the reader not to struggle with Middle Age speech and lose the thread of the story, having tried reading old texts in their original versions, I think it was a good choice on their part)Impressive length for a visual novelConsHigh chances that you will get depressed or want to curse all of mankind (or at least many of the characters) during the gameBackgrounds are nothing more than photographs with a splurging of filters on them and it shows... I would not have counted that as a con if the sprites and CGs did not put the backgrounds to shame (or if I had other bad things to say about this game)VerdictI sincerely regret that this is only a visual novel (note: there are a few drama CDs that MangaGamer might translate) and not a regular novel or an anime or a live action series... because I know that many of my relatives and friends who would tremendously enjoy the story will never give it a try in this form...That said, reading this Steam review, I can safely say that you are a gamer and interested in maybe buying this game, so that means you are part of the niche that visual novels target and thus part of the lucky few who will have the opportunity to discover this story.If you love visual novels, horror stories, love stories, tragedies... in fact, if you enjoy reading a good story with three dimensional characters struggling against the odds and their own nature, you owe it to yourself to try the House in Fata Morgana.But beware. The tragedies that unfold in this game, as the Maid would say, you will only be able to bear them because they are not yours... and if you have any empathy, then you will probably feel like some of those trials ARE yours. Even then, it is worth it."
76561198201467087,Recommended,303310,30432695,Posted: 10 March,all,🌸MidnightRose🌸,"I was surprised to see that there wasn't any bad reviews for this visual novel, so I went ahead and bought it. The soundtrack is very beautiful. I really love the character art for House in Fata Morgana. You are the protagonist who is in a cursed mansion and you meet the Maid. Throughout the story, you are visiting the different years and learning about the past of others, and yourself, too. (I won't talk too much about the story to prevent from spoiling it). There isn't any voice acting, but it's still enjoyable. House in Fata Morgana has a great plot with some twists which it'll keep you wanting to read more until you reach the end! Gameplay is about 10 to 30 hours long depending on how fast you read. Check out the extras once you finished the game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,303310,32118481,Posted: 1 June,all,Power,"The House in Fata Morgana brings together a powerful story, both haunting and beautiful, in such way that makes it one of the most (if not the most) essential visual novels currently on Steam."
,Recommended,303310,22983015,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Vox Chaotica,"I couldn't recommend this VN enough, for those who enjoy stories as Cartagra/Kara no Shoujo or other such gothic novellas. I have not finished this by any means, but if the remainder of the story keeps up with the quality presented in the first chapter (and whatever part of the second chapter I'm currently on), it's well worth the twenty-or-so odd dollars (although I would recommend the bundle with the soundtrack even further, as it is both haunting as it is beautiful in the given setting).From what I can tell of the VN, it is a collection of stories set across different periods of time, and I believe they will all interconnect within the finale - or whenever ""You"", the main character, remembers who they are as well as their purpose. There are no happy endings to the tales within Fata Morgana, as the mansion itself curses its inhabitants with misfortune at every turn, but that's just part of the charm of what could possibly be the most mature visual novel released in the west. My fingers are crossed that this title will do well enough that similar titles will pursue localization, so make that impulse purchase and spread the word far and wide. If you enjoy suffering as much as I do, you will enjoy ""The House in Fata Morgana""."
,Recommended,303310,23413444,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,kit.allen,"Astonishing game.  Give it patience, and you'll find an emotional masterpiece with almost unmatched power.   Get past the PAINFULLY slow chapter one... once you're past the first hour or two, WHOOOO BOY brace yourself.  The writing, while sometimes needlessly over-the-top verbose, is so good in total it's ""re-examine your own life"" epic.  The HARD LEFT TURN the story makes after the fourth chapter: genius.  In fact all the reveals are inspired.  Music: quite simply the finest soundtrack (outside of chapter one, which was absolutely obnoxious) I've ever heard in a game.   The music by itself will bring the tears in chapter four and the final 10%, it's that powerful.    You just gotta get past chapter one.  I promise you, your patience will be well rewarded....    has the most satisfying true ending I've ever come across."
,Recommended,303310,24691122,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Aseriaa,"Only one word could describe The House in Fata Morgana – MASTERPIECE. This is the best visual novel I’ve ever had the pleasure of playing.Don’t let the cover art fool you, this game is A LOT more than what it appears to be. It’s very hard to talk about why I love Fata Morgana so much without delving into spoilers, but I’ll try my best. And trust me, this is a game where you want to avoid spoilers at all costs.According to the writer, “They did not specifically target men or women with the game, and instead just intended to make a game for players who enjoy stories”. And they accomplished just that. This was an incredibly well-crafted story. The tales were gripping & addictive. The romance was wonderfully moving. The tragedies were utterly heart-breaking. I cried my eyes out at some points. At other points, my jaw hit the ground in shock. Other times, I smiled hoping the very best for these characters that had grasped my heart. The characters in this game are so painfully human and real - they make human mistakes, have real weaknesses... but there's still hope. And Fata Morgana displays that wonderfully.Both the art and music are hauntingly beautiful. A couple of the songs brought tears to my eyes, while others had my heart racing in anticipation in accordance with their scenes. Such an amazing job all around.Of course, it may not be everyone’s cup of tea (originally didn’t think it’d be mine, but well it ended up being my favourite tea flavor – bad pun, let’s move on *ahem*). A lot of themes in Fata Morgana are not present in other VNs that I’ve read, and by pushing boundaries, the writer presents a remarkably unique experience.I implore everyone to give this game its much needed second glance & give this underrated gem a chance. You’ll be in for one heck of a ride.(I had posted this review on my blog, but this was the short & sweet version for steam)"
,Recommended,303310,23265546,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Paturages,"Humans have a far greater capability to hurt, betray, and forsake others than they do to love, trust, and protect them. And that's precisely what the majority of people do.At first glance,The House in Fata Morganatells tales of not romance, friendship and innocence: it mainly tells tragedies of breakdowns, betrayals and scheming. It ruthlessly delves into the bottom of despair, but it is only to better bring us back up to the realms of hope.As an anti-hero would take the place of a hero,The House in Fata Morganaskillfully casts an anti-romantic story over a ramification of several stories, and it is absolutely worth it.You cantryto remember the past, but it's an absolute, utter waste of time. Erase everything - all your sorrows. Wipe them away for a fistful of happiness. Allow me to show you... that you have no need of the past.The House in Fata Morganahas several settings and tells stories of multiple settings. The adolescence of a young brother and her sister, and the blooms of love and their consequences. A journey through the highway to insanity and hopes of salvation. An ever daunting gap between husband and wife and their own attempts, struggles and misadventures. Unfortunate circumstances clash with a life of isolation.As vague as I'm trying to make them, these tales, in truly stylish gothic aesthetics, are spread across centuries of each other. It does a good job of keeping things moving and ensures variety of events.That was your first time witnessing those tragedies. [...] You were able to bear 'em because they weren'tyourtragedies.The tragedies bear great impact in their appeal to us to empathize and pity the protagonists. They make us despair for them because they make us hope that all will end well. In that, the writing is successfully fulfilling and greatly delivering the feelings behind the stories. The way it builds up to the second half of the VN is absolutely enthralling and really engaging.The House in Fata Morgana, as a visual novel, is quite unconventional. It really is, in the best ways. I must also commend all the work that went into the localization, because practically nothing read or felt as something that came specifically from Japan (well, except for that one guy, but even then he just felt exotic), or Japanese tropes. It's absolutely refreshing, in a medium where so many devices, settings and tropes get used and reused so ubiquitously.At times, I would find the art odd looking, but it's overshadowed by how beautiful, stylish and gorgeous some of the CGs look. Frankly enough, the main reason why some people (myself included) weren't immediately seduced by the art style is because they are not used at all to this style. Overall though, it's great for the eyes, especially to wash away the excess of moe blobs.The OST is unusual and unlike many things in this world. But again, this VN detaches itself well from many things in this world. It can be enchanting, sorrowful or downright bewitching. I'm personally way more used to instrumentals in VNs, so having most of them vocalized is a different experience. There is no voice acting though, but adding on the previous point, I think vocalized OST wouldn't clash well with voice acting.The characters are flawed, but that is the main drive of the novel. How they are flawed though feels deeply human, especially when there's always reasons or motives to how they are acting like they are. Well,almosthuman anyway. At times, they might feel repetitive, but they are mostly coherent and worthy of the stories they took part in.My greatest complain aboutThe House in Fata Morganawill be in its technical implementation. While it is usable, and at times, really well exploited, it feels older than it is, and not in a gothic way. In contrast to everything else about it, the interface doesn't try to do much things differently than in other VNs; in fact, I'd say it does less than average when it comes to immersion (other than by the story itself). Perhaps it is a good thing, as the UI keeps out of the way of the story, leaving us devoted only to it, but I would have liked to have seen more effects for immersion. Perhaps a bit of screen shaking, more animations, subtle SFX... There's definitely room for improvement.Still, all in all,The House in Fata Morganabelongs to the realm of top-tier stories, and I would love to see more visual novels in this style. Or just ones that delves that well into uncommon topics and unexploited settings."
76561198057875952,Recommended,303310,26407373,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lozange,"So I know exactly what you're thinking.You saw the the promo image that they used to show the game's title, and thought ""This is going to be pandering ship tease between two women just like a lot of the other visual novels on steam, that has a bunch of indecent CG's, and generally does the relationship between them no justice whatsoever. I am not the market for this game"".This could literally not be more wrong in every aspect. The promo image is misleading.You may have then scrolled down to read the description, and thought ""Ahhh, so this is actually a collection of short stories that are unrelated to each other, that then leads to a minor payoff at the end as the player chooses an ending at the last minute.""This is also wrong. The description is misleading.You may have even read other reviews here, and formed some sort of opinion as to what the game may be about.I don't know what that is, but it's probably wrong, since most reviews skirt around the plot, and as a result... are misleading.The House in Fata Morgana is not your average visual novel. It can not be neatly defined as a pure romance, or horror, or comedy, or even a tragic story, and it would not be fair to describe the characters within it using visual novel tropes, even if it contains all of these elements to different degrees. First and foremost, Fata Morgana is a story. And a well written one at that....Like everyone else here, I can't really say too much more. The fact that you may still not be exactly sure what the plot is about is only to your benefit. That being said, the art only improves as the game goes on (some sprites/cgs are downright beautiful), and the music is fantastic. Please buy it if you have any interest in good stories at all. It's worth *insert monetary value here*. Because I would have gladly paid more than full price."
,Recommended,303310,25663995,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,"Good Lord, Fisher!","Not being much of a visual novel guy, nor much of a Steam reviewer, I'm quite surprised to find myself penning a review of a VN. However, this game seems to becriminallyoverlooked (judging by the quantity of reviews). I don't know much about people's usual VN tastes, but the lack of an anime artstyle seems to be a turn-off for most people. For me, though, it was an absolute breath of fresh air, as was the superb soundtrack.As far as VNs go, this one is almost mastercrafted - the only misstep to speak of is perhaps frontloading the least interesting of its stories. If you're in the market for some gothic horror with a leisurely pace (in a good way, for once) and a heaping helping of twists,buy this game.However, it must be said that the game deals with themes some may find confronting, such as sexual assault. Although it handles them respectfully, caution is advised for those sensitive to such matters."
,Recommended,303310,23030295,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Techim,"Hope and DespairTrust and BetrayalTruth and LiesLove and HateSalvation and DamnationThe Scorned and The AdornedThis VN digs deeper into those themes compared to the rest of the VNs on Steam so far, making it a unique read. Trying to read the whole VN in one go, I tell you, will be very tempting, but this has an estimated length of 20-30 hours depending on your reading speed, so, be wary.An unrelated, but relevant quote from the video game Castlevania: Symphony of The Night, shines in the storytelling here."" What is a man ? A miserable little pile of secrets ! ! """
,Recommended,303310,22966751,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,JONJONAUG,"Not too far in, but so far the music and art are splendid, and the story is a good mix of fairy tale style setup and macabre plot developments. I'm enjoying it quite a lot.EDIT: Having finished, this is one of the best visual novels on Steam with an amazing story and soundtrack. A definite must buy."
76561198037576113,Recommended,303310,26148510,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Funchal99,"If you like Visual Novels, you owe it to yourself to play this.The House in Fata Morgana is a grand tale about many things: faith, finding your own place in the world, interpersonal relationships and, most of all, love.In a cursed house somewhere in time, You arrive without your memories. A Maid calling you Master then guides you through the mansion's history in a bid to have you remember everything yourself.Can you face the truth, not matter how much misery and sadness it may bring?It's been quite a while since a story was able to make me weep like this. While it can be indeed sad, almost unbearably so at times, there is meaning in all the sadness. And once all is said and done, the feeling of catharsis, of heartwarming happiness is absolutely worth it. The characters go through hell and back, and they come out stronger for it.Not to mention how one of the stronger themes in Fata Morgana is that things aren't as they appear at first. Characters are introduced in one particular light, only to become completely different people with many circumstances and reasons for being the way they are, to the point where we can trully sympathize with them despite whatever attrocities they might commit.This attests to the quality not only of the writing, but of the localization team as well. The translation is top-notch and everything reads nicely and properly adapted to the eras this story portrays. The characters feel like real people with their own distinctive voices and personalities.The production values are also nothing to scoff at, even more so considering this was actually done by a doujin (lit. indie) circle. I mean, damn. The art is incredibly awesome, extremelly pretty and beautiful to look at, be it endearing or violent moments. The music is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ically beautiful as well, with MANY tracks having vocals and sung in many different languages, even Portuguese (being a Brazillian, it is kinda hard to understand and, when you look at the lyrics, you see they didn't fully grasp the language though).My only gripes with it would be that some scenes here and there (mostly in the final arc) do drag a little bit on points that were already estabilished, and the presence of timed choices. While it made absolute sense within the context to have them so, in the end it's just sort of annoying for you to get an ending simply because you didn't click on your answer quick enough. Also, the CG gallery and music player only unlock after you reach the true ending as far as I could tell, and this could take around 30 hoours.Also, speaking of choices, this VN does things a bit differently: the begginning is actually linear and choices gradually appear towards the end, but for completely justified reasons.At the end of the day, The House in Fata Morgana is a masterpiece in it's own right, and the fact that this game seems to be so obscure and with so few reviews is almost criminal if you ask me. This deserves to be recognized at least by the general VN fandom as the masterpiece it is.I'll be looking forward to whatever Novectacle cooks up next and will gladly purchase it full-price."
,Recommended,303310,23976739,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ayutrica,"Had me falling for every twist and turn the game had to offer, with every revelation came another and I couldn't even fathom it. While this game does require a quite an investment in time to complete, I say every moment is worth it. Every little detail is important and no stone is left unturned, making for a satisfying end. Rich, complex characters you can empathize with whether you liked them or not. The amazing soundtrack and sound effects really gave the game an extra ""UPMH"" to it, probably one of it's greatest charms besides it's writing. I have to admit the art wasn't really to my taste at first, but as a I played I realized it's haunting/gothic-esque nature just adds more to the game. I was truely terrified with some the cgs and sprites adding more to the haunting nature of the game. Though I said it was investment in time, I'm sure you'll find yourself done with the game in no time because you just have to keep on reading (a real page turner if it had pages to turn). With every glimmer of hope there is a boatload of despair to follow and that's what Fata Morgana delivers beautifully."
76561198040685586,Recommended,303310,23238786,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,siebtzen,"My play time is a bit higher than it should be, because I left Steam on once while doing something else. The estimate I've seen is between 10 hours (if you get the shortest route) and 30 hours if you get the complete story (which I did), and that seems about right.I really enjoyed this, it's by far one of my favourites if not my favourite VN and would stack pretty highly even if it had been written as a book. I only got one alternative ending (4) and it was nice to see that it contributes a tiny bit of a different perspective, though the objective is to get at the bottom of the mystery.As you can gather from the video and the screenshots, the atmosphere is rather Gothic, though I think that the screenshots aren't necessarily representative of the entirety of the art quality: if you think the art is really nice there, just wait until you get to chapter 5 and you'll see there's a jump in quality and a few new sprites look even nicer than the ones in the first few chapters.Story-wise, to avoid spoilers, I could say that this is mainly a story about relationships in the widest meaning of the word. It's about the bad things and the good things that people do, and sometimes the bad things are done for entirely understandable reasons, while the good things might be ultimately motivated by self interest. The narrator isn't really judgemental, and I thought it was an incredibly nice thing to see particularly in this day and age.If you'd rather have a nuanced look at a group of characters, rather than people to either hate or love, you will probably like this one. I absolutely adored it.I found that every time I thought I understood what was going on, something changed my perspective and added more mystery and made me want even more to understand exactly what went on. Even once you actually understand what the main conflict is, you'll probably find that you'll go from almost hating some characters to understanding and empathising with them. I felt like I was on an emotional roller coaster.There are a few revelations throughout the narrative and I found myself jaw-dropping at the surprises. There is absolutely zero filler, too. It's all so engaging I found myself clicking to see the next line of text with great impatience.From what I could tell, there were no mistakes in the editing phase and the translation seemed good to me, though I'd point out that English isn't my first language, so I might not notice more subtle problems with the editing.There are no voices, aside from the vocals in the many songs in the OST, but I didn't think the experience suffered from it. If anything, there's one particular aspect of the story that would have made it really hard to choose at least a couple of voice actors.The options in the menu are rather nice. You can easily set the speed of the text in milliseconds and tailor the Auto Mode to your needs with great precision. I use that a lot as I find it less painful than clicking (due to RSI), but I ended up ditching it as I said earlier, as the story was just too engaging to wait.The saving and loading screens are quite interesting, too: the most recent save is marked clearly and you can ""lock"" save files. This means that if you have save files that you absolutely want to go back to to hunt for endings, you can be sure you won't overwrite them by mistake.The music is incredibly fitting. At first I found it peculiar to have so many vocal tracks, but I ended up feeling that the usual piano tracks that are often the meat of a lot of VNs' soundtracks just wouldn't have given the same atmosphere. Gao's voice is really something else and I didn't hesitate to buy the soundtrack along with the VN.Really, if you're looking for a dark story sprinkles with some more optimistic moments and for something that isn't about dating a selection of girls or boys, you should give this a try. There's a lot of content and the production values are really high."
,Recommended,303310,23884676,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sheikah,"It's hard to put into proper words since I don't often write reviews. But I felt the need I should after having just finished playing the game inside and out within sixty-seven hours. A lot of the time I did play I stopped just to take in the beauty of the haunting art in both the characters and the environments and also to admire the amazing musical score, but overall I didn't let it completely distract me from the story itself.The House of Fata Morgana is a Gothic Visual Novel, a game that is mostly narrative base with rare options for you to determine the stories already established cycle, like a story book. And a pretty engaging one at that. Though the first part was slow for me to get comfortable in, once I invested myself in Fata Morgana, I could not stop reading.Story wise, the VN tells a series of tales throughout periods of history that happened within the Mansion as told by the mysterious Maid who acts as both your guide and narrator of their stories centering on three unique individuals. Each Chapter takes on darker turn the deeper you delve, with themes of human sin. Telling anymore would spoil a lot of the story, but they all come together to answer lingering questions later on while also keeping you on your toes.At times the pacing is slow, sometimes to the point that I grew anxious for the next scene, but hopefully it's not too unbearable for those who read at a slower pace. Sometimes I wonder when I would get to the next scene, feeling some scenes were longer than necessary.I have very few gripes about the game. But one thing that does bother me the most is how stiff some of the character sprites are. They may be facially expressive to fit the dialogue, but one can only handle a seeing a certain position for so long. It's especially apparent in the first chapter withMellalways has a hand behind his neck with his back slouched, which bothered me more than the rest of the cast (he has another pose, but that is only used for more tense scenes). I'm sure it would have been a lot more work if they drew different arm/body gestures (since the character art is knee high), but I would have loved to seen a little more life than just their facial expressions. The scene art is fantastic though, making up for the lack of sprite dynamic.I sometimes thought it would end on a suspenseful cliffhanger to pan out a sequel to make more money, but instead I felt amply rewarded with more insight in the characters of Fata Morgana. Including a charming behind the scenes extras with a surprise at the end! There is so much more to this game than what you may see on the store page and I urge VN fans to buy this.Overall, this game was made with much love and care put into its quality. I recommend this to anyone wanting something different to read and are into emotional driving stories with many secrets waiting to be revealed with just a purchase away."
,Recommended,303310,24702626,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,march,10/10 would spend eternity in the gentle embrace of the darkness with The Maid again
,Recommended,303310,29310100,Posted: 16 January,all,✨pie✨,"I'm going to keep this review short and on point, as others will probably cover things in more detail.---I have played so many different kinds of games over the years, spanning varying genres  on so many different consoles and systems. In the last year, I've gotten into reading Visual Novels, as I have always had a love for adventure games and I just so happen to love reading. I've read through most of the top rated ones, such as Umineko and G-String no Senjou.Let's ignore that and get back to the 'game'.Hopelessness and tragedy are a device used so often, and yet they don't usually resonate with your soul on a deep level. This is the main theme in this 'game'.I don't really want to admit this, but as a grown man, I was bawling... often.Once I began, I couldn't stop reading this piece. The soundtrack, the characters, the art, the story. Everything was entwined so thoroughly that it left its mark on me when I was done. It was enthralling, and it was beautiful.I would argue this is one of the greatest love stories ever told. Perhaps you don't really see value in reading a book on a computer. I would recommend you reconsider."
,Recommended,303310,33300653,Posted: 5 July,all,Omahdon,"Buy it. Buy it now. I don't care if it isn't discounted. I bought this game when it was discounted and after some thorough playing I regret a) that I didn't buy it sooner and b) that I didn't pay full price for it because it definitely deserves the monies. Get the soundtrack too while you're at it because it's GORGEOUS, barring a few of the more obnoxiously ""twee"" sounding tracks which unfortunately all seem to occur in the first chapter of the game.Maybe you're not into gothic horror stories where everyone's in ornate period costumes. Maybe you're put off by the emphasis on blood and gore in the promotional material. Maybe you're afraid this game might turn out to be a trite gothic maid waifu simulator. But let me tell you: if you're into well-paced, slowburn stories about both the best and worst that humanity can be, with characters that you can both love AND hate AND understand at the same time, then The House in Fata Morgana will definitely scratch that itch for you.also: maids o:"
,Recommended,303310,23148818,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Amber,"Alright, you win Novectacle. I'm officially freaked out. Bravo.It's as if the game read my mind... I won't spoil anything but...that block of red text, hidden away... it freaked me the xxxx out,because I was so not expecting it. I even had goosebumps.Though I hesitate to call this a ""game"" in any traditional sense, it is a fantastically wonderful novel. Moreover, it's of my most favored genre, the ""mindxxxx"" genre. You think you have some idea of where things are going, then comes the big reveal. I've only come remotely close to correctly guessing the climax of one of the doors, and even then there were surprises.Truly a wonderful experience so far.As for the technical stuff:Visually: The character design is wonderful. I appreciate that little detail was spent on the bachdrops and instead effort was concentrated on the actors themselves. The various emotions captured on their faces is very well done.Audibly: The music is beautifully done. There is a song to match every mood, from lite and cheerful to dark and eerie. By default it was a bit loud for my liking, but once I adjusted the settings it became a perfect ""cherry on top"" to the visuals and writing.Finally, the writing: They say to save the best for last, and that's what I decuded to do. The writing for this VN is truly wonderful, both plot-wise and in format. It's not so relaxed that it reads like your average conversation, but not so formal that it's Shakespearean, On several occasions the most subtle detail has later revealed itself to be of the utmost importance, and conversely something that might typically be very important in other novels turns out to be of little consequence. A literery rollercoaster.TL;DRGraphics 10/10Audio 10/10Writing 11/10"
,Recommended,303310,27976791,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Penguin Slap,"This was one of the most exhausting stories for me to read. Even with the tame descriptions, the tame graphics. And yet...it flows with so muchcompassionthat I cried the most out of happiness.The art is very beautiful, I even think the style is necessary for the VN. The otherworldly-ness of certain characters is punctuated by the realism. The detail in the characters' faces can be emphasized to be effectively beautiful-or grotesque, and really captures their mood beyond happy, sad, or angry faces. I think one character in particular benefits from this, where the flickering of eyes, parting of lips, or narrowing of brows can say a lot.Visual novels with anime-styled art sell the most, whether they are OELVNs or Japanese visual novels. And I appreciate Novectacle's decision to go with what fits their story!The soundtrack... hahaha I point to the tag ""Great Soundtrack,"" <3. I wonder if the game is better-off as it is without voice acting, when the soundtrack has such a heavy emphasis on vocals. I feel like the game is singing the songs in their characters' hearts. Though there is one piece I hate because it plays during such degradation that I have some inherent negative response. And yet, one of my favorite tracks is called ""Everybody's Crying."" (but it's beautiful!)The cast is decently big, and everybody has their rightful place in the story, though some definitely get more moments to ""shine"" than others. It's fun to have a cast with multiple fleshed-out characters, because then there's more to talk about and more faces to enjoy.And sometime, somewhere there was a waifu war between Morgana and Giselle.The game splits up into chapters that vary enough that some love x chapter and hate y chapter and such. I myself think there are some pretty weak parts of the story, but they were more than made up by the greatness in it all.Good times!PsHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥am I looking forward to the fandisc, I was really really craving more details into Morgana's years with Jacopo and Maria and Jacopo's subsequent rise to power!"
76561198073784820,Recommended,303310,23004856,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,forweg,"Among the best artwork ever seen in a visual novel? Yes.Among the best soundtracks ever heard in visual novel? Yes.Among the best writing ever seen in a visual novel? Yes.Any questions?Seriously, buy this VN to experience the best the medium has to offer and so that we get more releases like this in the future. Brilliant works like The House in Fata Morgana don't come along very often.As far as story specifics go, I couldn't exactly compare it to any other VN out there. Umineko, perhaps, as both involve a mansion and a witch, but that's only on the superficial level. So, it may be odd, but I would most closely compare the story to the PS2 psychological-horror title Silent Hill 2. Both explore the darkness of the human psyche, feature distorted realities, and have overriding themes of mental illness and abuse.Not to say that *only* tragedy and suffering await. There are moments of great beauty and redemption as well. :)"
,Recommended,303310,26253650,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Noctus,I can't find words to describe this masterpiece. Any visual novel fan should play it.It's already on my top 5 novel. I will never forget this tale.
,Recommended,303310,23693673,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Daybreak,"The House in Fata Morgana is a glorious Japanese Visual Novel set in a western setting that takes about 30 to 40ish hours to complete. The game features a few choices, most of them in the later part of the game; it’s a pretty linear narrative with different dead ends. The gothic mystery induced narrative revolves around a cursed mansion set in different time periods, as it explores themes of, for instance, human nature, insanity, love and hatred. It manages skillfully, overall, to go between bright, life-giving sequences on the one hand and dark desolate ones on the other.The soundscape supports the narrative in a most beautiful way and some of the tracks have vocals in different languages like Portuguese and Latin, that provide a most wondrous ambience to different scenes.The Writing/translation seems to be good overall, though it’ll use “hehe” to express laughter, while rarely it’ll describe it instead as is leaps and bounds more appropriate, just to mock me no doubt. For the love of humanity who do I have to tickle to death? Seriously. Stop making my eyes bleed.Once you finished the game properly you’ll get access to a quite humorous and fourth wall breaking tour in the extra menu."
,Recommended,303310,28976445,Posted: 3 January,all,Ascheroth,"I've teared up a number of times, I've felt anger, pity, hope, shock, happiness and a number of other emotions on this unpredictable, endlessly twisting and masterfully crafted roller-coaster ride.I genuinely think this is one of the best and most emotional stories I've ever seen unfolding.Combine this with a great artstyle and a fantastic soundtrack and you have a masterpiece that is simply a must-play if you're even remotely interested in VNs.It's brilliant."
76561198043593333,Recommended,303310,29577389,Posted: 29 January,all,Slaaneshou,"The House in Fata Morgana is a masterpiece. If you like visual novels, there is no need to read further ; this game is a no-brainer. However, if you are new to the genre, it might or might not be the best title to begin with, depending on what you seek in this kind of game.What this VN lacks in budget (no voice-acting, small resolution, few CG's, few characters, no animated intro, ...), it clearly makes up for in polish and heart. The story is absolutely brilliantly written (even from a literary point of view) and wonderfully paced. The non-moe art is incredibly refreshing, the characters are really expressive, the soundtrack is amazing, and the choices are made so that it actually is possible to reach the true ending on a first run without help.However, as hinted before, the somewhat austere realisation and the fact that this VN is rather text-focused prevent it from being suitable for everyone. If what you look for in a VN is an extended interactive anime (which some do very well), you are probably better off with another title. Plus, this is an horror game. There are no jumpscares, but the game will make you endure a variety of emotions that you may not be wanting to experience.But if you are, brace yourself, enter The House, and enjoy one of the very best visual novels available on Steam.9.5/10"
,Recommended,303310,30912864,Posted: 2 April,all,avidlinuxuser,"If you like beautifully written stories, this game delivers.If you like wonderfully composed music, this game delivers.If you don't like to cry, you should probably avoid this game. It deals with some rather delicate subjects and more than a few events are tragically depressing."
,Recommended,303310,23962955,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"Take a look, take a seat. Everyone is welcome in our theatre!Today performance is called ""The House in Fata Morgana"". Story about families, about urban legends, about servitude, about youth, about history and love perhaps? This is about everything you know but at the same time it is like nothing else. Whatever I write won't be accurate to what you can see. Soon enough spectacle will start. Theatre play from unknown timeline if you soo imaginewithout voicing.  Listen to the angelic melodies and see through forgotten stories, experienced in ""Red Rose Manor"".From the very beginning you can notice, charming music is here only to get you straight onto the stage, into the situation. Never invading, but always fascinating and connecting to story telling. Everyone presented in play is detailed with emotions and history.  Painted backgrounds and colours, are giving even more feelings. You can easly tell that the show is believable. Thatit is emotionaly engaging and you will care about it. From start to an end, looking for answers. Maybe you will find yourself closer to some characters without even knowing it? Sometimes things are better remaining untold. Remaining for audience point of view.Soory thats all. I cannot tell you more. Its only natural to leave this review enigmatic. I know that ticket for this show is not cheap  butit's worthy experience all the way through. I will remember, probably for the rest of my life every detail of this spectacle. Thats a perfect story, it will keep my heart occupied for a long time, if not forever.*Voices echoes through eternity*""Historia, historia, que linda"""
,Recommended,303310,24749726,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,arkofturus,"Probably the best visual novel I've played. Fully realized characters free of the the usual visual novel tropes, a long story with great pacing that never wears out its welcome, and great writing are backed up by exceptional music and artwork. Highly recommended for people that have ever enjoyed the genre."
,Recommended,303310,30236160,Posted: 28 February,all,Twililord,"Incredible VN, highly, highly recommend it. Has some of the best pacing and OST I've ever experienced. Did not disappoint in the slightest. Loved the characters and interactions, as well as their backstories. Can't wait for the follow-up game!"
76561197984546037,Recommended,303310,32305166,Posted: 9 June,all,Lentils,"the 2016 edition of crying simulator is perhaps the best entry in the series. also that soundtrack. when you decide its time for cry you'll deffo want the soundtrack. also while I really enjoyed, you may not. this is a vn with limited choices for branching endings. not a big vn person, but this is real good."
,Recommended,303310,23644853,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,etkeller,"The House in Fata Morgan is a VN.  It starts off slow in terms of choices, but then mid-way the choices increased and can steer you towards different endings.  This was an outstanding story with multiple twists.  Character development is strong and events are seen from different characters perspectives.  I strongly recommend this game for those that like VN.  There is quite a bit of reading and sometimes with long gaps between choices.  However, the story moves forward in an excellent fashion.  THere are some fairly violent / bloody scenes.  So squeamish beware."
76561198025079799,Recommended,303310,29386035,Posted: 20 January,all,dodostad,"This game was a wild ride. I went in with 0 expectations and by the end Fata Morgana had become my favorite visual novel to date. It has a great cast of complex characters, amazing music and visuals and an engaging story with several twists. Even at it's weakest the writing is still enjoyable, and at it's best heartbreaking moments I actually had to get up and walk away from my laptop to compose myself before I could continue reading.If you are a fan of visual novels or are interested in trying them out, I highly recommend Fata Morgana."
,Recommended,303310,29028691,Posted: 5 January,all,Ashercroix,"One of the most human and heartwrenching (and sometimes horrific) stories I've ever read.  Combined with the beautiful soundtrack and art, I seriously can't recommend this VN enough - to anyone who enjoys a good story, not just VN fans.  That being said, it can be brutally honest about the less pleasant aspects of life, so tread carefully if you're on the delicate side."
,Recommended,303310,35307203,Posted: 29 September,all,Vidservent,"In the middle of playing this I feel like I was reading something made by shakespear or true fairy tales, those non-disney versions that don't always have a happy ending and have some disturbing stuff in them.Overall it was an amazing story but it does take a while to get to the main story not to say the opening act wasn't interesting it just didn't sink in yet until I found out who the protagonist was.There are 8 endings in this game so there are some choices, you just won't be able to make most of those choices in the 1st half of the game.The soundtrack for this game is varied and original (as far as I know) with each era having different vibes to it. Most of the songs are sung in Portuguese with a bit of French and Latin in some songs so I had no idea what they were saying one bit but it was still lovely XD"
76561198052385248,Recommended,303310,23055471,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GhostCat,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDOne of the best written story I have read.Right from the start I felt drawn into the world of FATA MORGANA and wanted to know everything about that world and the character in it.The music is absolutly Fantastic it will stir your soul while reading. ( Fits perfectly with the setting) Never boring or annoying and always enchanting.The art is simply Breath Taking.If you like GOTHIC FAIRYTALEIf you want a VN That will stir the very core of your Being,Don't hesitate and buy FATA MORGANA you won't regret it.P.S. Can't wait for their next VN."
76561198118163664,Recommended,303310,28402285,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,日月繁星,"TL;DRThis is not your typical Japanese visual novel, but more like a good paperback novel come to life. Buy and play this one if you enjoy a great story dealing with mature themes accompanied by amazing music and art. Gameplay is basically non-existent outside of some dialogue choices. There is only one canon ending, accompanied by numerous bad endings.I'd recommend watching this (much more cinematic) trailer instead of the one on Steam as the former does a better job at representing the overall tone and atmosphere of the game while also being less spoilery:https://youtu.be/Z5JRsH3g6wY-------------------------------------------Before I begin, let me clear something up:The store page description about the game only covers around 40% of its actual content. There is a well-executed overarching story beyond that. Also, don't be mislead by the store page artwork. There's no yuri. I know that's most people's knee-jerk reaction, but it takes on a whole new meaning once you finish the game. The devs have said thatthe game is not targeted at any specific demographic.Not recommended unless you are a sensitive gamer:There is acontent advisory page by the localizerswith out-of-context spoilers.---------------------------------------------No dating sim elements, no otaku pandering with the usual anime stereotypes(there's one character who's basically a dark and disturbing satire of the ""good-looking affluent snobbish tsundere"" archetype), no H-scenes to lure in horny kids, no gratuitous gore, no endless slice-of-life chatter about irrelevant things, no digustingly large moe eyes. This is the kind of mature and thoughtful VN presentation I would like to see more of from titles developed in Japan.Story, characters, music, art style --- this is a well-rounded package; pretty much everything I want out of a visual novel. While the writing may not hold up to the best paperback novels out there, itsoverall presentation(encompassing text, visuals, sound, and eveninterface screw) pushes this title into elite territory. All these facets of the game come together to create a highly immersive experience.There is no voice acting, though the game's hauntingly beautiful vocal tracks (whose lyrics are basically the inner monologues of the characters sung in mostly Portugese) more than make up for it. The art is a perfect blend of eastern and western art styles, retaining the expressiveness of Japanese anime art while giving off a dark fantasy/gothic vibe befitting of the setting.Special mention goes to the top-tier character sprites.Not only are they detailed and aesthetically pleasing, the artist Moyataro also breathed life into them by giving them many variations in their facial expressions. Imagine a proportionately drawn woman with the range of expressions of an anime girl. Yes, I would have laughed that off as a joke too --- until I played this game. One of the characters alone must have at the very least 30 different variations for her sprite, and they all convey her emotions very well without looking unrealistic.  I didn't even notice one of those variations was her puffing her cheeks until my 2nd playthrough due to how subtle it was. Consider me a new Moyataro fan.Word of warning though, the weakest portion of the story, art and music are all frontloaded in the first two hours or so of the game, which is unfortunate. Thankfully, it only gets better from there.So what's the story about? Without spoiling anything:It's about human nature, in all its beautiful and disgusting glory, laid bare.I appreciated how the heavier themes seldom explored in video games are handled with maturity and grace here. This is a tale that will stick with me for many years to come.------------------------------------------P.S. If you do decide to give this one a shot,make sureto ""read between the lines"" in the 4th door ;)"
76561198030348355,Recommended,303310,34048995,Posted: 5 August,all,BrainOnSlugs,"I honestly don't know if I can, in good faith, recommend this game or not.  There is alot to appreciate here - the art, the fantastic music, and some intriquing plot elements.  HOWEVER, getting to some of those interesting plot elements requires a helluva lot of patience while sifting through text that, in many cases, borders on boring.  If the developers had trimmed the text down though, the plot points would've lost their punch.  So I can't say that the text is long and descriptive for the sake of filling out the story in a meaningless way.  I definitely don't regret trudging through this mountainous visual novel, and I feel like the art work and music will stick with me....I've already been youtubing the soundtrack.  Play it if you want, but understand that it is not something to casually pick up and breeze through in an afternoon."
76561198111248212,Recommended,303310,23110799,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Brokastel,"RIGHT LOSERS SIT TIGHT FOR A MINUTE WHILE I TELL YOU WHY THIS GAME IS GREATGOTHIC AESTHETIC STRAIGHT OUTTA GORMENGHAST? CHECKATMOSPHERE YOU COULD CUT WITH A RUSTY SPOON? DOUBLE CHECKART THAT MAKES THE MONA LISA LOOK LIKE A HALF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥KINDERGARTEN ART PROJECT? QUADRUPLE CHECKA SOUNDTRACK SO GOOD IT'LL PROPEL YOUR EARS TO A HIGHER PLANE OF EXISTENCE? YOU BETTER BELIEVE THAT'S A CHECKGREAT CHARACTERS AND ABJECT SUFFERING? MORE CHECK THAN YOU COULD SHAKE TEN STICKS ATMYSTERIES AND PLOT TWISTS OUT THE WAZOO? CHECK TO INFINITYSTORY THAT'LL MAKE YOU CRY LIKE THE LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥ YOU ARE? UNLIMITED CHECK WORKSNONE OF THAT KAWAII UGUU ANIME CRAP? YOU BET YOUR GODDAMN BOOTS, BILLY, WE'RE HEADED STRAIGHT TO MISERYVILLE AND THIS TRAIN AIN'T GOT NO BRAKESBEST VN ON STEAMBUY THIS GAME/10NO MORE QUESTIONSCAPS LOCK"
76561198021340936,Recommended,303310,26157891,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Mr. Dent,"It's like 2 in the morning, and I just beat this, so this won't be the most eloquent review- But, this game is a veritable masterpiece. It's criminally underrated, and deserves so much more love than it's gotten. The characters and story are so unique and unforgettable, and you'll be thinking about it all even after you've read it all the way through. It's heartfelt, heart-wrenching, and everything you could want from a Visual Novel, all wrapped up in a hyper-intelligent package that uses it's medium to the absolute fullest.I highly recommend getting the version that's bundled with the soundtrack, as the game's music has to be heard to be believed."
,Recommended,303310,28527368,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[UPRPRC] Harlequin,"Just wanted to chime in with another positive review for this VN. It's a must-read, simple as that. Get it if you haven't already.People tend to mention things like Muv-Luv, Steins;Gate, Fate/stay night, Umineko, etc. when talking about top tier VNs (I do too). But The House in Fata Morgana deserves just as much recognition, easily. Fantastic story and characters, superb music (several songs being vocalized), a unique art style that lends itself very well to the serious tone of the story.A VN tugging at my heartstrings over and over in various ways is what I want. It's exactly what I want out of the medium in general, and Fata Morgana does this beautifully."
76561198182087570,Recommended,303310,26507029,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,frankwlux,"There are books, games, and VNs you remember 10, 20 years after. Fata Morgana no Yakata is one of them. (if youre wondering, I  played this VN somewhere else, then purchased again in Steam, it deserves it)."
76561198144032064,Recommended,303310,28263531,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dia,"the short version: if you're a fan of visual novels, or the mystery genre as a whole, do yourself a huge favour and play the house in fata morgana. the characters are well written and easy to endear to, no matter what side of a conflict they may be on, and the depths you'll grow to understand them and their motives makes them feel like they're real. the soundtrack is perhaps one of the best i've ever had the pleasure of hearing - i tend to play games with the sound off and listen to my own music, especially visual novels, but fatamoru's soundtrack adds an amazing atmosphere.the graphics are charming. a far cry from the popular, moe/uguu style in most visual novels, but it will grow on you if it doesn't immediately. the sprites are beautiful and the CGs breathe life into scenarios already well described.reading through it can be on the exhausting side - it's 20+ hours of a read, and the writing is so full of emotion and compassion that i felt like i was going through those things myself, or watching it happen to a friend. i laughed out loud, and i definitely had to stop and cry more than a few times.there isn't a lot about the plot i can say without giving something you should read on your own away, but rest assured, fata morgana is one of the best visual novels in existence. do yourself a huge favour and give it a read; it's worth the price, and then some.(get the soundtrack while you're at it!)"
,Recommended,303310,23259844,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dyluck_silver,"Excellent writing. Excellent characterizations. Great music.But two caveats. One serious and one comical.The first. Don't try to eat this one in one sitting. It's long, involved and has a slow burn.Take it in stages and savor it, for many things are going on, not just the story at hand.Second. This is more for me personally, but at least once in a 'chapter'There will be a time.A time of standing up, walking away saying.""nope.""nope..nopenopenope nope nope nope nope. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.But then when you come back to it, the above... experience.. ties together the otherwise slow pacing.Definitely something to look forwards to, if you are in a mind for character driven drama."
,Recommended,303310,24665430,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,*√∞Dangerous∞√*,"one of the most depressing and emotional visual novels combined with sublime soundtrack and unique artstyle.You can't miss this gem, especially if you're sick of the standard anime styled VNs."
76561198135031652,Recommended,303310,30527112,Posted: 15 March,all,cart181,"This was an unforgettable experience, one in which, as the gamer, you feel you are in touch with the emotions of the characters. There is pain, sadness, grief, emotional turmoil, pure madness, injustice, and human suffering.  I say 'human' because the suffering the characters endure seems painfully human.  A painful story indeed but a highly, highly recommended visual novel that seems mundane at first but will soon grip you and hold you spell bound. Brace yourself, if you can, for a completely unexpected, bizarre, surprising ending.  Your mind will feel a little confused but entranced as it pieces all the fragments of the whole story together. Very well done story with amazing tortured looking, emotional visuals that will, for a moment, convince you the fictional tale is a true story...."
76561198035294703,Recommended,303310,32266939,Posted: 8 June,all,PUPH3AD,i have seen visual novels.. i read stories and books.. played games with good stories..But honestly what i wish more than everything is my memory whiped so i could re experience this story without knowing again once more... best storyEver
76561198213359933,Recommended,303310,33002823,Posted: 29 June,all,Anoldanimefan,"A fantastic game - one heck of an amazing Visual Novel I would rank amongst Umineko, When They Cry but more concise & realistic in its gorgeous artwork, music and characterisation (though for me, I adore both these games equally). Looking forward to when the 2nd game comes out"
,Recommended,303310,26773513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,solidbatman1,"Perhaps the best visual novel to be localized to date, The House in Fata Morgana is absolutely worth the 20+ hours of reading. Utilizing clever tricks with storytelling, including shifted perspectives, bias narrarator, and non-linear storytelling, this VN will drain you of emotional energy over and over again."
,Recommended,303310,30487251,Posted: 13 March,all,The Demon of Razgriz,"This visual novel deserves every nice thing said about it in every other positive review, and then some."
,Recommended,303310,27290375,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,not dracula,I thought I wasn't crying until my mom entered my room in a boat
76561198070794147,Recommended,303310,29344788,Posted: 18 January,all,ClintonBeardsley,"This is a great game. If you are not familiar with visual novels, all the better. This is not just a great game or a great visual novel, but simply a great piece of creative writing.I played this game intensely every day, always excited to find the next twist. The game has a lot of surprises in the story, and will grip you to the very end. I would say that this is one of the best video games stories that I have played.Great music, great writing, great characters, emotional story . . . more people must play this game."
76561198055067907,Recommended,303310,23473121,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SirRice,"So while i'm not exactly a VN expert by any means I have played many of the ""greats"" like Umineko or Muv Luv and i would say The House in Fata Morgana definitely deserves to be held in the same high regard. It's a gothic tragedy through and through and maintains a strong, consistent tone throughout. This also means not everyone is going to enjoy the dark tone but if it at all seems like something that interests you I strongly suggest checking it out. It is a fantastic story about human flaws and has easily become one of my favorite stories. I cannot recommened it enough. That said I would never claim it isnt without flaw and the occasional weakness in writing but the overall sum is most definitely greater than its faults"
,Recommended,303310,30815779,Posted: 29 March,all,DTC.Permagate,"You'll definitely like this if you are looking for an excellent tragedy story with a sip of romance. Almost all characters suffer one way or another in the majority of the story, even the protagonist and villain. But it's worth it when, in the end, all of them are slowly, very slowly, liberated from their pains and regrets. Also, the plots are definitely not straightforward. Expect a lot of twists come up.If you are one of those who are not really keen with anime arts, then I will also recommend this to try dipping your toe in visual novel format. This is one of those rare VNs with western arts (and settings) that is actually very good."
76561198303772616,Recommended,303310,31033030,Posted: 8 April,all,cjiang59,"Before the game I had some doubt about it, but after playing I can say that this game is a masterpeice! The characters are multi-dimensional and you always end up empathizing with them even though they were meant to be the bad guys. It is impossible to hate them because you get to see the story one their perspectives as well.(I still can't forgive Jacopo who hurted Morgana so much. But, I'm looking forward to their story in A Requiem for Innocence, which I hope will come out on Steam as well. In addition, there are a series of free mini games related to the story that can be found on Novectacle's website.)There are so many twist and turns in this game, I cannot count how many times my assumptions were overturned. The promo video is one example, which made me thought the maid and the white-haired girl had a yuri line. The developers of this game love to be misleading.Needless to say, the art and music of this game are both exceptional! I would like to say thank you to the developers for giving us such a wonderful experience."
76561198102327830,Recommended,303310,30114386,Posted: 22 February,all,The Forces of Freedom,"I have read more novels then I could count, and yet, this was one of the best novels I have ever read. If you are considering buying it, I would urge you to do so, and to stick with it through the somewhat slower begining. Know this, it will be one of the best purchases you'll ever make."
76561198080355090,Recommended,303310,31996566,Posted: 27 May,all,MFMegaZeroX,"A beautiful visual novel with amazing music. Just read this visual novel without reading anything else, for fear of spoilers. One thing I will note, is that a good pace to read this at is 1 ""door"" a day. Just stick to that schedule."
,Recommended,303310,23379556,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,rock3tz,Best Visual Novel released on Steam so far in 2016.I recommend it!
,Recommended,303310,25107578,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,sorathecrow,"How exactly do I describe this game?  Well, I'll start by saying the first three chapters, which amounts to about the first 6-9 hours were terrible.  The main character, if you could call her that, was an unredeemable purity sue that could do nothing wrong and yet had the whole world against her.  Every single villain was just a stupid caricature of a person that only seemed to exist to inflict violence on the  purity sue.  It reads like a bad fanfiction written by a self-absorbed, emo, teenager.So why the recommend?  Well the other 11-12 hours makes it work.  It addresses almost every single problem I had with the story besides the fact that the authors thought they should lead in with an ""extended prologue"" that long in the first place.  And not just with a brief exposition dump to cover the plotholes, no, pretty much every detail that gets brought up in those first three stories is built upon with exquisite care and given a greater purpose by wrapping it around the unfolding tale of who we discover to be the true main characters of the plot.I'll leave it at that.  Much like Undertale, I feel like really explaining how it does things would kind of ruin it.  You *should* feel exasperated by the end of chapter 3.  You should be wanting answers.  You should have just about had it, because that's in large part what makes the other half or two-thirds of the game so strangely...""cathartic,"" as one of the creators put it.This was a really weird experience, and I started it off really hating it, but it leaves off with me being pretty impressed, actually.  Weird stories like this just wouldn't fly in the mainstream market, and I'm glad these guys are out there trying to be creative, clearly throwing a lot of stuff at the wall to see what sticks, but at the same time not losing track of what writing a good story is.  Things have to have a purpose.  Characters have to be more than just a couple tropes.  Happy endings aren't a writing sin, but not everyone should have one.Okay, some nitty gritty details:*The length of the game for a straight playthrough to the true ending is about 25 hours if you're a moderate/fast reader like me.  Don't look at my playtime, I fast forwarded through a good part of the ""prologue.""  The pricing for this title is just *okay,* considering it's $25 for a 25 hour game and it expects you to be longsuffering through the first few chapters of reading.*On the technical side, the game is fairly simple, you get window sizing options and text speed settings, but nothing else.  This is pretty par for the course for a visual novel.*This VN does offer choices to the player, some timed, surprisingly.  I don't think there were any indicators of the timed ones, the options would just go away.  The vast majority of the endings are just dead endings, and I haven't seen the other ones to tell how in depth they are, but I think they're mostly just less ideal cut-offs on the main thread, rather than true distinct routes.*This game advertises its copious amaounts of music, and its true.  It has a crap ton of tracks.  They have a tremendous amount of talent and effort behind that soundtrack.  A lot of it features vocals, too, in a variety of languages, including French.  It takes a lot of getting used to, though.  Again, that cursed prologue, some tracks, and the scene transition jingles they use in each of the first three chapters are genuinely appalling.  But like the whole rest of the experience, something really changes as you go.  The music ends up fitting the mood incredibly well, and some of the repeated themes just stuck with me.  Overall, music is a mixed bag, but pretty dang impressive for what it is, and I think when it counts later in the game it more than comes through.*The character art and the CGs are incredible, simple as that.  I didn't realize how long I'd been needing some quality non-moe art, and this is it.  It doesn't feel like its targeted towards boys, or girls, it's just good.  The background art however is pretty bland.  Painted with such a heavy brush in some areas that some locations felt muddled to the point of being unrecognizable if not for the narration describing it.= Overall it's a game with some heavily flawed pacing that still manages to redeem itself, not for an ending, but for what the whole journey ended up being.  Trust me, this would be a big fat downvote if the game slapped me with a happy ending out of nowhere and expected that to make up for it."
,Recommended,303310,28130235,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,тєнc๏ffєєz๏мвιє,"Without going into detail, because I don't wish to spoil anything, this is one of the best stories I have ever read. It's heartwrenching yes. But it isn't just tragedyp0rn like you might expect. Also, it does actually have very unexpected turns. I'm usually pretty good at predicting twists, but I got one particular one wrong 3 times. The art is lovely as well, and while you can listen to the soundtrack in the extras, it is also well worth grabbing an actual copy. I can't believe the team that made this was so small, considering both the abundance and quality of the content here.I'll definately be grabbing the sequel. And I recommend this to anyone curious. But do check out the demo first. ^^"
,Recommended,303310,31944067,Posted: 24 May,all,yungcherrypops,"A wonderful, beautiful, and dark game about love, death, fate, pain, tragedy, revenge, and salvation. If you are a fan of visual novels you owe it to yourself to buy this game. It is undoubtedly one of the best VNs on Steam. I had my doubts, as the First Door is not really the best of introductions (and Mell and Nellie are my least favorite characters by far), from the Second Door on (until the somewhat draggy third act) it is completely captivating.PROS-Powerful, unique, and emotional storyline with great writing. It's not the deepest or most philosophical thing you'll ever read, but it is rich, involving, and full of twists and turns. It really has a way of making you feel for the characters.-Beautiful soundtrack. Other reviewers and the Steam tags attest to this, but really, it is (except for one or two annoying tracks that play whenever Nellie comes around)-Fantastic art and character design-Dark, rich atmosphereCONS-Draggy third act---at least for me. I plowed through the rest of the game, but when I hit the pointwhen Michel travels the past to try and prevent Morgana's murderI ground to the halt, and it took me a month to get through. Maybe it's just my dislike of Nellie and Mell manifesting. But don't let that deter you too much; if you can plow through the morass, the reward is more than worth it, and the climax is amazing.-Somewhat clumsy introduction. The extended ""prologue"" of the game begins with a series of 3 (technically 5) different vignettes. While I found the second and third extremely captivating (especially the third), the first didn't exactly keep me glued to my seat. Luckily I'm a fast reader and managed to make it through in around 45 minutes, but for a slower reader it might be a bit of a slog. Still, the rest of the game makes up for this hiccup.-Minor historical inaccuracies. This probably will not bother 99% of players, and didn't really bother me that much, but I did notice. For instance, stained glass was not yet invented in the 11th century, and it also would've been unlikely thatMichel would've received a frame landscape painting from Georgesin the 11th century either. The presence of a Japanese guy in Europe in the 9th (?) century and even in the 18th stretches credibility a bit, but I mean they recently found a Chinese skeleton dating back to Roman Britain so who am I to gainsay it. One shouldn't really expect historical accuracy in a Japanese anime game but I still noticed it, call it autism if you want.-It ends, but luckily there's a sequel coming out!In any case, the pros far outweigh the cons in The House In Fata Morgana. I'm so happy that I found this game and played (read?) through it. It is seriously in a league of its own and bears reading even if you're not a fan of anime or Japanese games. It doesn't really fall back on (that) many anime cliches and has a wonderfully unique story to tell.tl;dr It's a good game and I cried."
,Recommended,303310,29306563,Posted: 16 January,all,미스터 크랩,"Started playing it with quite a lot of prejudice against the game (though I only read the info, not reviews), which quickly disappeared after reading the first chapter.The plot is highly intriguing and interesting. The more I read and uncovered the secrets & mysteries, the more I caught myself thinking just how much I'm enjoying this game.It's quite a long game, so when you think ""I'll soon finish this"", you realise that there's more. So much more.In addition, not only the art, but also the background music are both delightful and beautiful.In overall, I love this game and believe it's worth its price."
,Recommended,303310,30503709,Posted: 14 March,all,Deathbotly,"Possibly the best visual novel I've ever played between the gorgeous art, clever sound production and story that will stab you in the heart over and oveand o v e ragain"
,Recommended,303310,24838810,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bunny1ov3r,"Very different from an average visual novel, with eerily beautiful art and music and a innovative storyline."
,Recommended,303310,30003391,Posted: 18 February,all,Ramza Beoulve,Don't judge this book by its cover or origins.Stories so humanizing it will ache your heart if you have one.
76561198051833822,Recommended,303310,24601734,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,blue_yozhik,"Quite a lengthy visual novel with an engrossing storyline. There are a few key choices to be made- the vast majority of decisions available to the player have predictable results (if you have been following along closely). However, this is not necessarily a bad thing, since you are likely to become emotionally invested in the fate of the characters, and will want to make informed decisions to see their various endings. Be prepared for tragedy, genuinely surprising (and heartbreaking) plot twists and plenty of dark, heavy content with a few bittersweet refrains."
76561198120993683,Recommended,303310,25003501,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,bunnymistressaya,"Ready to dive into the darkness that lies in all humans? If you are, then this game is for you.Art: 8.5/10 – The later art in the game is absolutely stunning but I think the beginning art was not as awesome. The difference between the first couple doors/stories the art is great but then in the later part of the game is simply beautiful. Being an artist myself (and knowing that the game took years to complete), I feel that this is just the honing of the artist's skills. The style for the game is not a standard Japanese vn(visual novel), it has a much more realistic gothic style. If you are looking for moe, it's not here.Story: 10/10 – I simply loved the story. It was heart wrenching and I cried while reading. I rarly cry during games so this was really intense and impacting. The only thing I would advise against is that there is not a very happy story here, it is very dark and sometimes soul crushing. The story has lots of surprises and will keep you guessing for the outcome. The other thing that I really liked is how the whole story ties together, without spoiling anything, later half of the game ties back to the first and adds so  much more enrichment.Music:10/10- The music is simply beautiful. The vocal songs are mostly in Portuguese, adding a lovely spice to the music that isn't in most vns. If you decide to buy the game, get the bundle because if you like the game, you'll want the music as well as it is lovely enough to listen to without the game and there are many tracks as well.Game Mechanics: 7/10-  Pretty standard, nothing really exciting as gameplay goes and there aren't a terrible amount of choices. I do like that sometimes there is a time limit, no time to hesitate!Positive: I really loved this game so I will say that almost everything is positive. The translation is nice and polished, Manga Gamer did an excellent job. WOW!Negative: If you aren't looking for a sad story then don't come here. That's all I have."
76561198011762859,Recommended,303310,25213289,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Anko,"In the beginning, I don’t like the cover act. It makes me think the story is cheap. It’s the review that bring me to buy the game. And it’s worth every penny.It took me 90+ hours to finish the game. The developers put a lot of effort into it, I can feel it vividly. The soundtracks, the dialogues, the graphics are good. The story isn’t flawless, consider how complicated it is, but it’s still great. I wish they had hired some voice actors.I love good stories. Especially tragic ones with deep thinking. This is the second game which can satisfy that desire. Unlike most other games, this game left behind something meaningful inside me.Spend money for this game can be considered an investment in your soul."
,Recommended,303310,29365821,Posted: 19 January,all,NateRFB,"Amazing story, art, and characters. Went far deeper than I expected."
,Recommended,303310,29149105,Posted: 9 January,all,kira,"This became my favorite VN of all time. Great characters, great story, great art, and great soundtrack."
76561198291835439,Recommended,303310,30977396,Posted: 6 April,all,Why This,"Read this twice (skipped the scenes with Amedee on second run). Have plans to read again when I'm free in the distant future, and might read one (... or a few) more time/s after that. Best thing I've ever read."
,Recommended,303310,34504425,Posted: 26 August,all,Gundiok,A masterpiece of art. I have never been engrossed with a storyline along the lines of Fata Morgana before.
,Recommended,303310,29261381,Posted: 14 January,all,Sacrificial Toast,"The House in Fata Morgana is one of the best VNs I've had the pleasure of reading.  The music and art are all very high quality and varied.  The story and characters are all very well written and translated.  You might even forget you're reading something that wasn't originally in English.There's plenty of dark tragedy to go around, as well as excellent plot twists you probably won't see coming, all leading to a very satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,303310,29451952,Posted: 23 January,all,battlerrules,Story - 10Art- 9Sound - 10Characters - 10Enjoyment- 9.5Overall- 9.5 (rounded down from 9.7)One of the greatest visual novels and a must read.
76561198044771673,Recommended,303310,26759395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chain Attack,"Truly an epic. One of the best pieces of literature I have ever read.A visual novel that manages to pack in tragedy, drama, romance and comedy but not feel overloaded. You will love the characters. You will sympathize with them. And you will weep for them.Except Aimee. Combine the characters with a beautiful soundtrack and gorgeous art and you have a game you will be hard pressed to forget."
,Recommended,303310,26881423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A BadLuck Gnome,"TLDR: If you are at all into VN's, or great storytelling in general - you need this game.The House in Fata Morgana is by far one of the best visual novels I have ever played, and I felt slightly annoyed that I hadn't heard anything about it before stumbling across the game in a sale.I bought the game with DLC (the OST) and I don't regret spending a penny. This game has everything, great story, great characters and an amazing soundtrack.This is not an anime VN and isn't some fan service romp. This is a VN that may just change your life."
76561198005082908,Recommended,303310,26594595,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ChowChillaCharlie,Great story. Great art. Great Soundtrack. etc etc.Buy it
76561198059071521,Recommended,303310,24645670,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[will smith pose] michel,"Please, please give this game a chance. I was turned off by it at first because the PV didn't catch my attention and I was unsure about the art. Play the demo on MangaGamer's website if the price seems high. I'm very sure it will change your mind if you have any doubts. Heed the content warnings on MG's website if there is any subject matter that bothers you, because this game does deal with a lot of heavy topics, but I was very pleasantly surprised that it was all handled with maturity and tastefulness. I wish I could say more, but talking about why this game is good in terms of plot points delves into things that are best left to reading the visual novel yourself and not reading spoilers.This game is an absolute masterpiece and I'm only sorry that I didn't pick it up sooner. I've bought it twice for myself, once on steam and once through MG's website, and a few times for others. I very rarely do that with games that I like, but I think this game is worth every cent I have paid. It took me about 30 hours to get through the game the first time, and I'm going to play it again soon once I've reflected on it a little more. This is a game you will definitely want to play more than once, and for the price you get a whole lot of text, drama, suspense, mystery... and triumph. Not to mention an incredible soundtrack (I suggest buying the deluxe edition if you can). This is definitely the best VN I have ever played and I recommend it even to people who don't like VNs - I made one of my friends who hates them play it and now he's asking me if there are any other VNs like this. I had to tell him that sadly, there aren't."
76561198142095429,Recommended,303310,26111698,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MERU,this is by far the Best visual novel i have ever read it was amazing the story was just amzing a masterwork
,Recommended,303310,32208209,Posted: 5 June,all,SEA OTTER,"Don't shy away at first glance from the rather unusual looking visuals for a Japanese VN. If you're looking for one of the best stories offered on Steam then look no further. My gameplay time is bit off the charts due to my way of reading, but you should be looking at a completion time of at least25-30hours.It has been roughly a year since I finished reading through the game and yet here I find myself listening to the soundtrack and writing some words for it. Whether compelled by the staying power of the story or just my desire to spread the love and misery the game offers. Here is my recommendation to add to the pile.A story about love and human nature in the many forms they come and much more. Set in a gothic mansion, spiced with some history and religious themes. Comes with a stellar haunting soundtrack, a great price point and nothing cut away from the version offered here. You won't regret it."
76561198039297072,Recommended,303310,29708087,Posted: 4 February,all,andrej,"Here my friends we have a game with 100% positive reviews and zero(!) negative ones...do i have to say more?Ok here now the actual review:Their are in my opinion two kind of games: The first kind of games wants to create fun. That you can play for 10, 100 or even more than 1000 hours and still enjoy it. And their is absolutly nothing wrong with it. The most of my favorite games i would put honestly in this first category.The second category of games wants to create an unique experience. An experience that you will not get (most likely) anywhere except this game.Of course the category are not strikt and their are many games that make a ton of fun, that also give you an experience that you will remember your whole life. And then their are games that wants to give you an experience, see the world from the eyes of a war orphan for example, while they are still fun to play.This game however fits totally in the secound category, since it is ""just"" a Visual Novel without any ""fun"" gameplay mechanics. However, this game has clever mechanics to put you into the persons of the game with hard choices to make. And it has....the best plot i have ever seen in any book/game/anything at all.Since i dont want to spoiler anything for you (because the mistery of the game, with all it plottwists and unpredictable events are one of the many Charms of the game) i just wanted to say that this was a rollercoster of emotions and a one-time-per-life experience for me! i have felt hope, joy, misery, hate, sadness and every kind of emotion, the good and the bad, i can think of. And because of this, because the story is so complex, well written and diverse...i can not imagine that this VN will not touch you soul...and believe me i never expected that it will touch mine....how wrong i was.It is funny that of all the hundreds of games i have played in my life, after all the great tripple A titel, and all the amazing other games, that give you a new experiece, ( and because i played already so many games in my life i thought that i have slowly seen every kind of game/ new experiece that games can give me) that this kinda unknown Visual Novel that i have found on a total random coincidence, from which i just hoped and expected that it will make my evenings after my studies for examens a bit interesting, did reveal itself as the best, and most emotional game i have ever played, and have given me one of the most intense experiences in my life!This Visual Novel is in my opinion a masterpiece, and i can only recommend you to try it out, since you can refund it on steam if the story of the first 2 hours did not touch you so you have nothing to loose, expect a little bit of time. But if you are like me and you liked the story than congratulation: You will never forget the hours you will read the maybe most wounderful story that was written yet, and enjoy your trip to discover the tragic mistery...of the house in fata morgana."
,Recommended,303310,29953878,Posted: 15 February,all,Αη Ιnτellecτual Rαρisτ,"The House in Fata Morgana is easily up there as one of my favorite visual novels I've read. This is a story about people. Real people. There are no good guys or bad guys. They're humans. Flaws and all. It was very refreshing to read something like this which doesn't resort to cliche characters or the same stereotypes I've seen time and time again. Since this is a visual novel I like to keep these kind of reviews brief because I wouldn't want to spoil anything, but if you enjoy reading then there's no reason not to check this one out.The artwork for me was fantastic. I think it may be real photos with filters on them, but regardless it really just serves to enhance the atmoshpere. Gives it this kind of otherworldy feel to it which is very fitting. The sprites are nicely done and very detailed. They're are a lot of sprites with such minute changes that you probably wouldn't even notice them since you're looking at the text, but the attention to detail is admirable and praiseworthy.The music is also just amazing. I believe it's done in various different languages which lend itself well to the changing times and settings. It helps to set the mood and it's a soundtrack I find myself often listening to. There are very catchy songs as well as dramatic pieces. I'd even say that the game is worth getting just to listen to it. Very well done.All in all, The House in Fata Morgana is beautiful. If you're a fan of visual novels or just looking for a good story, I cannot recommend it highly enough. Give it a chance and I'm sure you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,303310,24724935,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jeylup,I have been crying for 72 hours.
,Recommended,303310,26584538,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,klapman,This is the only visual novel I'd recommend to someone who doesn't like anime. Literally the only one I have that much confidence in. It is Good
,Recommended,303310,28148278,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Knurek,"Why is this game so bloody good.We already received so many great VNs on Steam this year.Don't make me choose between Umineko, Steins;Gate, Root Double and this for 2016 GOTY awards.Please stop."
76561198054365658,Recommended,303310,33620843,Posted: 17 July,all,LoKiLuKo,"Overall I enjoyed a lot of what this Visual novel tried to do.  The start was a little shaky, but going from what seems to be a collection of folktales to a much more cohesive narrative made for an interesting experiance.  They touched on some delicate themes, and were able to explore them with class and sensitivity.My only major complaints are in regard to the pacing of later chapters and the overall length.  I tend to binge visual novels and during certain multi-hour sessions I had the tendency to nod off during this one.  I would reccomend this highly, but maybe enjoy it in shorter bursts."
,Recommended,303310,26477093,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Super63,"A visual novel with zero filler??? As other reviews have mentioned, some of the later arcs can drag a little as we see the same scenes from different viewpoints, but otherwise the pacing is great. Coupled with the fantastic artwork and music, this easily became my favourite VN of all time."
,Recommended,303310,34263232,Posted: 15 August,all,n00dly-cat,"This game is breathtaking. The art, music, and story are compelling. Touches the heart. it's slow to get into and doesn't have alot of options in the game... but it is still so worth it. I hope these people make more games or more content, cause they certainly know what they are doing...."
76561198331383787,Recommended,303310,33441520,Posted: 10 July,all,si_jenny,"A game unlike any other that I have played. Very real if slightly exaggerated human flaws are presented in the most beautiful and tragic ways. Do not let the plot overview get you down, it actually does not spoil much of the story at all. The soundtrack did not stand out to me at first, but playing the game got me searching Youtube faster than lightning. With twists and turns in the storyline and many moments where I cried with tears of joy and sadness, I would definitely recommend this game to people who would say they are empathetic. :)"
76561198074249779,Recommended,303310,33872176,Posted: 28 July,all,Shinobu Matsuda,"An excelent visual novel, the best one I have ever played in my life. And I played a lot of novels. Such a shame I bought it when it was on sale, I should have bought it when it was first released."
76561198128962064,Recommended,303310,34992363,Posted: 16 September,all,koen,"I have to admit, at first I thought the house in fata morgana was just a mildly entertaining higurashi clone. Oh boy was I wrong. This game deceives you at so many levels, that you begin to question wether anyhting you see is actually real in this game. even the characters sprites seem to be an unreliable source. Some concepts that we normally take for granted in vn's (like being able to read the last few lines again by scrolling up) are used here as  means of subtle foreshadowing. It's probably also worth it to read it a second time (haven't done that myself yet), because the foreshadowing is just that good. At first I thought it was a little expensive (since this story doesn't have branching plotlines), but I read through it only once, and look at my playtime. Definitely worth your money, even at full price. If you're looking for a mystery and drama vn (and a little bit of horror and gore), this is the one to go to."
76561198051854304,Recommended,303310,35312103,Posted: 29 September,all,Commander Ryn,"I bought this game on sale because the premise looked interesting and I'm always a♥♥♥♥♥♥for visual novels. I wish I paid full price for it. That's how much I came to enjoy it. Afterwards, I went ahead and I bought the game full-price for a friend of mine and I'm currently forcing her to play it. Yes, I said force. That's relevant and I have to be honest with anyone interested in getting this game: you're gonna have to push through the first couple of chapters, but it is absolutely worth it.The first chapter is the weakest in the entire game by far. I found the story to be incredibly boring, predictable, and there was one soundtrack that played through most of it that made me want to claw my eyes out. I have no idea how I got through that first chapter and it's a miracle I did, but holy ♥♥♥♥ am I glad I stuck with it.Literally everything is a big improvement from that chapter. By the fourth tragedy I was pretty sold like, ""Yeah, that was neat and I'm kind of sad but also intrigued."" And then the game takes a MASSIVE turn for the better. And then I'm bawling (not clawing) my eyes out because that's what I do when I have feelings about sad and happy things alike.TL;DR: You'll suffer the tragedy of an awful start to a VN and then you'll suffer through the characters' tragedies because your heart is breaking again and again and just when you think it's done making you cry (in a good way) it'll break it again. But it will be WORTH IT."
76561198377082959,Recommended,303310,32278158,Posted: 8 June,all,goldenwonderkind,"I love the characters and the story. I can relate on some level with them, since I find myself in some of the characters. The art is amazing too, everyone's so hot... I binge read it this week, so be careful not to start before your exams. Can't wait to read it again. The music is great too, even though the lyrics can be a bit wonky!"
76561198034345674,Recommended,303310,34678163,Posted: 2 September,all,Dank May Mays,"The House in Fata Morgana tells a beautiful story. A story about people who help and hurt, laugh and cry, love and hate, live and die. One life is ephemeral. But what about the soul? Do our memories persist upon death? The warmth of it? The sins we carry? It is these questions that Fata Morgana intends to explore in its ambitious story that spans a millennium and sweeps through an ensemble cast of characters.The art is gorgeous and stands out from the traditional anime aesthetic; the music similarly evokes an ethereal, but gorgeous feeling. It has a fairly standard length of ~20 - 35 hours, depending on one's reading speed and whether one wishes to unlock all achievements and endings (there are 8).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,303310,35270666,Posted: 28 September,all,tsupertsundere,"This is the best visual novel I have ever read.If you're unsure of the genre: if you are ever going to read one, read this one.It is absolutely spectacular and superb and I love this game so so much."
,Recommended,303310,32159458,Posted: 3 June,all,engdilys,"if you really love crying, this game is for you"
76561197994830973,Recommended,303310,33508757,Posted: 13 July,all,gobbler41,"For the first few hours of this game, I was wondering whether I'd made a mistake in buying it; it's very Gothic and overwrought, and I didn't recognize its greatness at first. But as I continued, it slowly began to dawn on me that I was playing something special. Without hyperbole, I haven't run across a game with a story this good since Planescape: Torment. It's worth your patience, and it's worth the full price."
,Recommended,303310,31577768,Posted: 6 May,all,Chompski,"What i've been through of the story so far is great, the looping sound effects and ost I find annoying as hell though. Turned all sound off"
76561198075683173,Recommended,303310,31656470,Posted: 9 May,all,John_Doe,"Played for few chapters, and then i stop, unable to finish it.Why? Because i don't want the story to end. The art, music, and characters, i love them all.Hope they bring more visual novel like this to steam."
76561198315208492,Recommended,303310,26441302,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Allumika,This game is fantastic!the story was so great and the music was brilliantgo buy this right now
76561197993332686,Recommended,303310,29082790,Posted: 7 January,all,descardius,"First off, I want to thank all the people who already gave great and concise reasons on why this VN is so good. 105 positive and 0 negative reviews as of my writing, that speaks volumes about the quality.As of current I am only 2 of 4 doors in and I can safely say, the writing has floored me with how well structured so many plot elements are. Small warning, this game will wrench your heart out & remind you what feelings are. The hauntingly grand audio cements the scenes and really sells the experience of being there as events unfold. I've only played with the new visuals, but they are superbly drawn and the aesthetics definitely fit their respective stories when paired with the (wonderful) audio. I want to gush about this VN, but suffice to say this game is more than worth its $25 price tag at only halfway through.*Edit 1/23/17*I was one of those on the fence about the soundtrack when I bought this game. If they're bundled, grab both as the music is absolutely wonderful. I still cry listening to the song Cicero even outside of the game. Also having attained an ending now, I can definitely say this game would have still been worth it at $30-$40. The writing gets better and more heartwrenching as things progress. Bring a box of tissues if you're a softie like me, lol."
76561198045069876,Recommended,303310,30214604,Posted: 26 February,all,The Ancestor,"Absolutely fantastic music, story and art in an episodically styled VN with enough mystery running throughout the story to keep it motivating even for those who do not enjoy episodic stories.Did I mention the music and art?"
,Recommended,303310,28906754,Posted: 1 January,all,deadcrazyoldman,I think this might be my favourite game of 2016. The House at Fata Morgana is romance/mystery visual novel. It is 100% visual novel there is no gameplay. You do get to make some choices during the story that will decide the ending. The game quite long it took me about 30+hours to finish and get the good ending and i enjoyed minute of it. It has a great story and awesome characters. I liked artwork and music was beautiful. The music adds a lot of emotion to every scene. After a couple of chapters the story  had me hooked. I found myself unable to stop playing.  I definitely recommend playing this if you like the visual novel genre or if you are just looking for games with a good story.
,Recommended,303310,30935926,Posted: 3 April,all,Ars_Diaboli,"Great.OST is fantastic. Artwork is great, with only one instance where I remember it feeling off. Characters are all right, though there's 1 that was too much of a caricature at one pointMaria. The story is quite interesting as a whole.I do have some issues with the writing, namely the character I mentionedMariaand another oneJacopoto a lesser degree. But it's definitely worth a read."
76561198080394475,Recommended,303310,34535129,Posted: 27 August,all,Sabranigudu,"I downloaded it at some point cause I was bored but wasn't sure I'd like something like this, I also thought I'd never like something as much as I did Umineko, that it could hinder my appreciation of any other novels, but I was wrong. I loved The House in Fata Morgana, it's characters and their stories will stay with me, so I've bought it like I should have in the first place.It's on sale now so it's even more worth it, I was going to buy it at normal price because this is a novel written with love and great care, wrapped in a wonderful ost that accompanies and sets the mood. Can't say much about the story without spoiling it since it's a pretty straight forward visual novel and the decissions tend to either lead you forward or to an abrupt end. It can seem slow or confusing at times when you wonder what ""this"" might have to do with ""that"", but it's not hard to follow, absolutely worth it to go with it and satisfying when all the pieces form the whole picture.Now I'm recommending it to everyone else."
,Recommended,303310,32527418,Posted: 17 June,all,Everlasting Atonement,"One of the most heart-wrenching VNs I've ever read, and I've wept big ""babby"" tears through CLANNAD, G-Senjou no Maou, Steins;Gate, and plenty of others. I'm not quite finished (the two are currently trying to change history), but I couldn't go on without giving this a positive review.I can't recommend this enough. Do your utmost not to learn too much about it beforehand, and just get it. You won't regret doing so."
76561198004895956,Recommended,303310,33262219,Posted: 4 July,all,masuat,"At the intersection of great storytelling and flawless production resides The House in Fata Morgana.If you've read this game's description and are wondering if it can present a story without melodrama, cliche, and/or pretension, don't worry because they're all left at the door. What you will find here are genuinely well-written characters involved in a serious and heavy plot - but one that strikes a balance between maturity and light-heartedness. It's well-paced and interesting throughout.Besides the story, other aspects of the game are just as good. The music in particular is top-notch - songs played during important moments often use minutes-long ""continuous crescendos"" that have incredible impact on the scenes they're used in. Character art, backgrounds, animations and other aspects of visual design are all excellent, and the translation is virtually error-free. This is seriously a high-quality production.This is a story worth telling and worth reading. If you're a fan of visual novels, you need to play this game right now."
,Recommended,303310,25055822,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dylan,a breathtaking experience. give it a chance.
,Recommended,303310,25048701,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TakingDOOMP,"Every time something horrible happens to people in this VN I can almost hear Billy Mays in my head whispering ""But wait there's more."""
,Recommended,303310,25357081,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ejaculate or evaporate,"Buy it. You won't regret it. Maybe you'll find the artwork and music difficult to adjust to in the first few moments of playing, but this story leaves a mark on you permanently that you'll never forget. One of the best stories, not just VNs, that I've ever had the privilege to read ever."
,Recommended,303310,33214719,Posted: 3 July,all,yananana,"*italian chef kissing his fingers gesture*magnificent. I spent many sleepless nights playing through FataMoru 'cause I couldn't bring myself to stop, and it was sure well worth it. I wish I could tell you what makes this game fantastic, but I do think it's better to just experience such a well-crafted story by yourself. a demo is available on mangagamer website, and even if I loved every moment of it, it was merely a small part that FataMoru has to offer, really.this review won't be any helpful I guess, but I insist, if you're into VNs please do yourself a favor and just buy this already."
76561198006392393,Recommended,303310,28846215,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,finalforest,"Between it's wonderful art, incredible music, and beautiful tragic story, I would say this is a must play for visual novel fans."
,Recommended,303310,32764641,Posted: 25 June,all,Kuchiki Toko,10/10 artstyle10/10 music10/10 story10/10 characters10/10 waifus10/10 would play again
76561198035866887,Recommended,303310,25404354,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zoo'oob,I cant find my words.
76561197999179401,Recommended,303310,34322601,Posted: 18 August,all,PonuryKociak,masterpiece
,Recommended,303310,23712843,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Braison,Pretty good
,Recommended,303310,32090416,Posted: 31 May,all,GracefulAria,Good game with a very nice story
76561198107958316,Recommended,303310,33606536,Posted: 17 July,all,palmtree,That was one hell of a rideCan't wait for Requiem.
76561198294182896,Recommended,303310,30541750,Posted: 16 March,all,时雨青川,"The  second chapter is dreay and  disgusting,fullfilled with nonsense bloodieness.This game (to be precise , ""this novel"")can be  a  masterpiece  without  the chapter two.8.5/10"
,Recommended,303310,24627772,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shakespeare,"I really like the way they handled trans-people in this work, as well as mental abnormalities, this would have enough content to please the LGBT+ community without getting rid of any of the drama suspense and intrigue that people usually come to a genuinely good piece of fiction for. It really reminds me of Danielewski's House of Leaves in a way and left an even greater impact on me. People who are unfamiliar with the medium of visual novels might see a whole bunch of stereotypes, to those who are familiar with the medium and frankly you'd probably find a lot of the same themes in here explored in more depth in Umineko no naku koro ni, who's question arcs can be found on steam. However, Fata Morgana held my interest and it's very atmospheric to say the least some of the areas involving Morgana herself come across a bit corny and melodramatic but the relationship between the ""Master"", the maid and Morgana herself is really heartwrenching and heart warming.Art: The art is very unique when it comes to visual novels as the developers as stated because most visual novels use the standard cell shaded method. However, Morgana strikes a healthy balance between an anime aesthetic and realism delivered through a gothic lense and can be seen as a really well told gothic lolita story. The color scheme is very muted and the background itself seem unimpressive but the unique art style more than make up for it.Story: The episodically told story about the fate of star crossed lovers is definitely something that has been done before and sometimes especially in the third chapter behind the third door there is some tragedy for tragedy's sake, whereas the first two stories come off more as legitimately tragic, the fourth chapter itself is really well explored and you really get an in depth understanding of the main character and the main girl. A lot of LGBT people could probably relate to the events that are presented in the fourth story.Characters: A lot of the characters don't seem one dimensional but I'd say maybe 2.5d, aside from the main characters they didn't really feel as well rounded as we would have liked but they have depth and are well explored but none of them really seem like ""real"" three dimensional characters other than the ""male"" and female leads. Morgana herself's story is sort of cheesy but it's a type of melodramatic fancy french cheese you can't help but love. Speaking of French I was very impressed by what I assume is the french language in this story because it makes the story so much more atmospheric.The Music: There is a wide variety of music and it seems to follow every bit of the story and does a great job of setting the mood of the piece, however; the only thing that really sticks with you is the ending theme. I'd say it's a good attempt but there's nothing really on the same level as DEAR YOU, or Umineko's soundtrack and I believe it falls short of things like the Steampunk series when it comes to uniqueness still Morgana's soundtrack is very charming."
,Recommended,303310,35039629,Posted: 17 September,all,gay ass,the maid has big boobs and a nice smile
,Recommended,303310,26596079,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,whykay,"Amazing. I was completely enraptured.Until Giselle came along.Oh well, you still get half a good game. And most of the artwork is stunning. Moyataro banzai!!"
,Not Recommended,303310,33415177,Posted: 9 July,all,suikoder,"I would leave it a neutral review, but as steam doesn't allow it, I'll have to leave a negative one.The problem with Fata Morgana is that it is not a bad VN as such but it is a very boring one, like I'd say unbearably so, considering its length, and as it isn't really bad, you might think that you just need to man up and finish it, but... it never really gets interesting and here is why:1. Repetition, the worst crime a writer can commit, repetition is not good and it should be minimized, if it's required (different perspective from different characters), it should be done in such a different way as not to look like repetition.2. Screaming, moaning, and other random sounds doesn't transition well to the written form, instead of doing AAAAAAAAAAAs, author is way better of telling what a certain character feels, that's what literature is for.3. Characters are so one dimensional and shallow that they look like dolls with horrible stories for the most part. I don't need my literature to be realistic, no, but some depth to characters would have been nice. To be fair, it is a tad rectified at the end, but that's too little too late.4. Interminable fussing over every little detail, on and on and on.5. There is not enough going on for it being as long as it is.6. Some nitpicking: art is odd, static characters look nice, but sometimes when they change position or show emotion they look nothing like themselves. Backgrounds leave much to be desired.7. Final word, assuming that it is a mystery VN, it makes you wait for some suspense, and it is simply not there."
,Not Recommended,303310,34160880,Posted: 10 August,all,emagius,"I wanted to like The House in Fata Morgana and forced myself to play through two and a half chapters, but the quality of the prose is absolutely atrocious, about on par with what you'd expect from a teenager's first assignment in a creative writing class with verbosity and repetiveness taking the place of wit and charm. Moreover, the writers largely use modern colloqualisms and elementary-school-level word choice for characters who are supposed to have lived hundreds of years ago, tossing in a few old-fashioned terms like ""abagail"" (which itself wouldn't have been used at the time) . The stories themselves were akin to dark takes on fables or fairy tales and not particularly surprising to any genre reader, but would be passable if an editor had actually tightened up the prose. It's a pity the writing is so bad as to make this such an unpleasant experience, as I did want to know more about the interconnected plot (though I can make some guesses as to how it turns out)."
,Not Recommended,303310,32781525,Posted: 25 June,all,WoW,"I cant believe this game has no negative reviews. I can see some people liking this game a lot, but not me.1. The story is not that goodThe mystery in the story is forced, there are too many pointless word-plays in the story, once, cool, twice nice, trice? It gets old. I do not want to go into more details because I will end up spoiling the story. But for multiple times in the story, it goes like this.A man is stabbed by a knife, you and your police buddies are going around crazy trying to find the murder weapon. Some random dude holding an apple came in and he was immediately arrested. Why? Because he was holding a knife and the knife's name is apple.What is the point of telling a story in this manner?2. The music is distractingBackground music for most parts of the story is good, but for some other parts, such as first half of chapter 1, it is insufferably noisy and distracting. I am looking for a relaxing time to read a book, but I cant read with the sound of a woman jibber jabbering in actual Japanese. Like do you listen to gangster rap when you read books?3. Art styleArtwork in this game looks great in selected screenshots, but its overall quality is meh. For example, the sprite for one of the characters when she lowers her head and smile in chapter 1 is outright bad.4. The cult followingThis game seems to be a perfect game to its fanbase that is immune to all criticism. In the comment section there are people describing how they want to have sex with a 50 year old woman (you know what i am talking about :D) just because I am openly saying I do not like this game.I stopped in the middle of chapter 2 and I really do not have the will to continue anymore. But because of all the forced mysteries in the novel, I went online and checked on the plot, just to realize how stupid the story telling is. Note here I am not saying the story is bad. Oh it is not bad, it is not good either. I would describe the story as a bunch of cliche classic tear dropping stories twisted together. It is the story telling that is really bad.Before you purchase this game, go to youtube and at least check out the story of the first 2 chapters, which is like 1/3 of the actual game. You will know what I mean by ""forced mystery"".And btw, fanboys, it is not a valid argument telling people ""you have no right to review this game if you have not finished it.""Well, this game is too bad for me to want to continue, and that is the whole point of my review. According to Steam stats 30% people finished this game, no?"
76561197980366316,Recommended,303310,33397863,Posted: 9 July,all,Gazza,"Dark subject matter, but a storytelling masterpiece."
,Recommended,303310,33677978,Posted: 20 July,all,mxxn,"This is really a good VN. I would say it has it all, the depth, the tragedies, the atonement, and etc.PS You could not easily hate those characters, they all have their own stories"
,Recommended,303310,34485123,Posted: 25 August,all,Michel,"Reasons why should you play this VN-+The story, the artwork and the soundtrack are better than any other game that I have played.+The game's story never loses its ability to surprise you.+The true ending is quite easy to achieve.+All other +ve reviews for this game."
76561198073355561,Recommended,303310,34514093,Posted: 26 August,all,Lame Lothar,"Original art, memorable characters, awesome soundtrack, great plot, extremely moving writing and best waifu I've seen in a video game. 10/10, this is my favorite VN.(Also, there is no Yuri :P)"
,Recommended,303310,34671996,Posted: 1 September,all,you are motherfucker?,"This game is one of the best Visiual Novels I have played. Every aspect of the game is touching and unique. My only qualm is this:I discovered that Steam Cloud was deleting my saves, and I had to re-speed through the game three times until I found the problem.You should probably disable Steam Cloud for this gameto avoid the possibility of this happening to you too, but it seems I am in the minority when it comes to this problem.Also, as other reviewers have said, it can be somewhat slow at parts. If you like seemingly meaningless dialogue that comes together in the end and expands on characters, then you'll be able to look past this. If not, try your best: it's worth it.Also, ALL ABORD HiFM: REQUIEM FOR INNOCENCE HYPE TRAIN!"
,Recommended,303310,34782568,Posted: 6 September,all,Tala-Rane,"Pleasantly surprised by the beautiful story of eternal love. I bought it from boredom ... and woke up late at night. Definitely I advise.Special thanks for the Russian language)Маст хэв, товарищи. 11 церквей им.Мишеля из 10"
,Recommended,303310,34834746,Posted: 9 September,all,Liistar,"Nothing i say could possibly do this masterpiece justice. From the stunning visuals to the extensive and beautiful soundtrack to the emotional twists and turns the story takes you on.If you enjoy visual novels i implore you pick this up. I was dubious at first because it was a bit expensive and i expected the story to be quite trite, Im glad i was wrong. The writing isnt amazing, but nor is it horrible to the point of distraction, it servees its purpose to get the point across and thats really all you can ask for.  Obviously cant reveal too much about what makes the story amazing as it would ruin the experience. I had a few moments when i thought i was near the end and there couldnt possible be more reveals and every time i was shocked and delighted about what came next.The music is easily the best ive heard for a VN, and some tracks will probably make it to the top of my all time gaming OST favourites. Each track fits the elements of the stories they are used for, blending prose and visuals together perfectly. My personal favourites are the tracks used in the later half of the game, which are just so haunting and emotional.Overall, please buy this game! It deserves more attention then it has, and i would love to see more VNs like this availible to a western audience."
76561198152727086,Recommended,303310,34818683,Posted: 8 September,all,moonstne,"A masterpiece of writing, if your even remotly interested in tragic love storys, pick this up."
,Recommended,303310,35202937,Posted: 25 September,all,( • 8 • ),"I find it amusing looking at the reviews and seeing many people finding this game because they were bored or just happen to stumble upon it, with them ending up loving the game. It was the same for myself and honestly I was surprised! It exceeded every expectation I had and even went beyond it! becoming one of those games I will never forget.With that said, cast aside any doubts you have about this game and just buy it! no seriously this game is just that good. I really wanted to say more about this game but basing it from my own experience, Having little to no knowledge about this game is the best way to experience it!All I can say now is The house in Fata Morgana is a story so captivating and very well written you will find no problem being immersed in it!It is a story that will stand the test of time no matter how many centuries will pass."
76561198260633687,Recommended,303310,35050966,Posted: 18 September,all,duong4m,"This is truly a masterpiece, a shining example for what a Visual novel should be. The story telling is unique, together with a story so good that melt your heart, make you think about true color of humanity and cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥. The characters are likeable, you probably just want to know more about them throughout the whole story, you can feel their sadness, their happiness, their resentment, and eventually you will see yourself hoping for the best outcome for each characters. Also, this game has one of the best sountrack you will ever find, most of them have vocal with an angelic voice, just listen to it snd ready to have your heart stole. 10/10, this game needs more attention."
76561198332970899,Recommended,303310,35048171,Posted: 18 September,all,jaxo716,Just finished this game and I love the gothic feel to it.The different stories which the ''Maid'' tells you.Only  to find out that is more to her than what she is telling or showing you.It doesn't give you choices like other VN's but it works ok.In the beginning of the games it gets a bit tedious but as the story progresses it becomes interesting. Leaving you with more questions than answers.Art work :Beautiful.Storyline : Intriguing.Overall very good replay value.
,Recommended,303310,35038978,Posted: 17 September,all,yunie1281,This game was way more complicated and poignant than I thought it would be. I disliked several of the characters as we went but as more was slowly revealed I completely changed my mind on a lot of them and was sympathetic for even the ones who did the worst deeds. This game was great and very long and really stuck with me.
