user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,303790,10534875,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,KissofLye,"This is another one of those games where I wish I had an option between thumbs-up and thumbs-down. It's definitely not the worse game I've ever played but I don't know if I would recommend purchasing unless it was discounted, even if it's already cheap to begin with.There are definitely positives with this game, don't get me wrong. For several of the quests you're given the option to solve them without having to fight which is a nice change from most games in this genre. So if you find the turn-based fights getting a little repetitive and boring like I did, you have the option to skip some of them by solving your problems non-violently. And the side quests are actually pretty entertaining. Most of them tie in well with the main quests and you usually only have to go out of your way to solve them if you forgot to get them in the first place.The character designer is pretty awesome. You get to shade your character the way you like and pick from a few specific features and then fine tune them which I liked. I also liked the way you leveled up and aquired different designs and body modifications for your character (though I wish you could have picked the way they looked a little more).Some of the NPCs you interact with are just gorgeously designed. Oberon is a pretty amazing looking character and your companions are all very fleshed out and look amazing. At the same time it's clear that they copied and pasted a lot of the character designs and that can get a little confusing. In the last mirror world it gets a little confusing to remember which little bearded man is which and on The Flying Dutchman all the Korrigans pretty much look the same. They're still nice to look at though.My biggest problem with the game though were the two middle levels, the Tree World and The Flying Dutchman. The environment is just not player friendly. In the Tree World you're trying to find stuff amongst the branches and the leaves constantly block the camera so you keep having to go back and forth, round and round to find a character or a nest in order to complete a quest. It's frustrating and I had to keep turning the game off to keep myself from hitting the screen. The Flying Dutchman level does it with darkness and the holds of the ship. It's almost impossible to see where you're going and you have to hunt down three monsters on sound alone.There is no voice acting which is fine, better no voice-acting than bad voice-acting. But there are weird parts where characters are ""talking"" and pointing to things and you literally have no idea what's going on. ""Over there"" amounts to nothing when you don't show what ""over there"" means.Of course there's no real ending. Apparently there was supposed to be a sequel that never got made and it's a little bit frustrating that you don't really get a reward or even just a feeling of sastifaction from all that you did.And a little pet peeve of mine is with the dialogue. You're allowed to choose the gender of the character but there are quite a few times where it's clear that the game was made with a male main character in mind because the pronouns get confused. I don't mind playing a male character, heck half the time I choose to do so when given the option, but if you're going to let me pick a female character make an effort to get it right."
76561198046230086,Recommended,303790,10500500,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,sturmritter,"Just writing to say that I am extremely impressed with this game so far. I just completed about 1/3 of it, and wanted to post my thoughts:1) The artwork is spectacular, and the character creation is extremely customizable. Sure a few models get re-used, but what the heck, they're fey folk!2) The story so far is very engaging. You can delve into characters and world backgrounds by talking to various inhabitants in the various worlds you visit. I'm quite impressed also with the customization of your character as it levels up.3) for under $8 this game is already a winner for me, as I usually rate my games by how much it cost me per hour to play, and I'm still playing and still enjoying.If you like somewhat casual RPG's (I also enjoyed Lauren the Amazon princess), this game will enchant and delight you. I find the default difficulty to be just right for a casual gamer like myself, but you can increase or decrease the difficulty as you like during play.All in all, a beautiful 3D RPG with classic fairy tale elements drawn from numerous mythologies. (British, Norse, Arabic to name the ones I've encountered so far). You will NOT be disappointed for $7.49 or even the regular $9.99 price."
76561198021559677,Recommended,303790,10506274,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"Are you tired of murdering faceless mooks indiscrmitily.Do you feel like if you have to suffer one more traitor you will go on a killing spree?Are you always asking yourself what is the catch?While good news for those of you who tired of pointless voilence and endless betrayel.The best way to discripe faery - legends of Avalon is a childeren story.People are sicking nice.Helpfull without there being a catch.Battle's dont require 10 years of combat training.And for once your charater isnt the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the universe.If you are the kind of gamers that enjoy helping people out i advise you to give this game a try.If you hate everyone asking you for help.Move along.Also this game gets bonus points for being about fairies intead of the useally:humans, elves, dwarves, orcs etc.Being smaller then a humming bird is an interesting experiance.EDIT: warning has cliffhanger ending."
,Recommended,303790,12587539,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Faery: Legends of AvalonOriginal Release:2010Genre Tags:RPG; Turn-Based-Combat; Adventure; Fantasy; NostalgicMy Overall Grade:BEstimated Playtime (Campaign):8-12 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Nostalgia chasers; Casual gamersREVIEWI liked this game a lot, for what it was.  It's a short (I beat it in 10 hours) and sweet little RPG with combat in the turn-based form many of the classics of the 90s were in.  There is nothing groundbreaking about this game, but it does what it does properly.  The game is short, but not in a bad way... sometimes RPGs are way too long.  There are only 4 areas to explore and the content is limited, but it all flows well and once you're about to get bored something else piques your interest. So, if you are looking for a quick and new world to explore combined with a turn-based RPG experience that may make you nostalgic for the RPGs you grew up on, I think you will like this.The graphics and sound are decent, but nothing special.  And the game worked just fine for me; I experienced no glitches or crashes.  The customization and new party members are limited, but it is enough to keep the combat fresh until the end.  There is no voice acting, but no voice acting > bad voice acting... and it adds to the potential nostalgic enjoyment. SoFaery - Legends of Avalondoesn’t have the most elaborate feature list; but what it does have is perfectly adequate.The story is OK, full of predictable tropes, but it was entertaining enough... and it ends right when you may start getting bored.  A lot of people complain that this game ends on a cliffhanger, and it does.  Also, the developers have said they won't finish the story.  It's akin to a TV show being canceled.  But if you just accept that the ""to be continued"" at the end of the game should be read as ""the end"" it winds up playing as a self-contained story with an open ending.  Many stories use open endings on purpose that are worse than this game's ending.  Anyway, you will have to decide for yourself how you feel about it.Lastly, the game is very easy, even on hard.  It's a simple game, so there are no advanced strategies needed.  The depth of strategy boils down to basic elemental strengths/weaknesses and remembering to heal.  Also, much of what would be excessive combat can be avoided by completing quests diplomatically.I can say all-in-all I enjoyed playing through this game, so I give it a thumbs up, but I can see how others with different taste may not enjoy the game.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,303790,11582635,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Elfee,"„Faery: Legend of Avalon“ is a singleplayer roleplaygame in a 3D fantasy world.You can create your own character (face, hair, eyes, make up, lips and so on) and join a world full of fairies, trolls and other mystic creatures. The story is told like a beautiful fairy-tale and makes you curious how it continues. I don’t want to tell you too much about the story, because I don’t want to spoil the game adventure. But what I can tell you:You play a „Faery“ and as such you fly through the game! Really a great feeling (especailly the fast fly with 'Shift'). You will visit different worlds, you have a main mission and you can do lots of small quests. The battles are turn based and with every win you will get experience points to raise your level. With a higher level you get skill points and you have to decide which ability you want to learn or to improve. Some skills also change the characters look (for example the „better avoiding“ skill looks like a cattail). In the different worlds you can also find treasure chests (for some of them you will have to fight) but it’s worth it because you can get health items and also equipment for your character (e. g. new armor with also different looks and elements).Story:Absorbing! 10/10Gameplay:Lot‘s of options and alternation in this game which keep your attention. 10/10Controls:The controls are easy to handle (okay the flying is not always that easy). 8/10Graphic:It’s not the best graphic but still enough to be comfortable in the fantasy world. 7/10Sound:No special music. The sounds are okay but far away from stunning. 3/10Price:9,99 € - in my eyes a fair price for this game.More:Achievements, Steam trading cards, playable with keyboard / mouse OR controller.I recomment this game for rolegameplayers who are not only searching violence and action, but also peaceful fairy-tale adventures."
76561197983550854,Recommended,303790,10500168,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Zamboni -  fotzepolitic,"I always wanted to pick this up back in the day but never did.  Was suprised to see it released today and for that price said what the hell.  Upon starting it I saw the spiders (the developer's logo) and instantly knew it was the right decision.  After playing Mars War Logs last year, Bound by Flame, and then Of Orcs and Men (Co-developed by them I belive) I have come to the realization that they are probably my favourite RPG developer of the last couple of years.So this game has a great atmosphere, and art style.  The music hasn't blown me away, whereas some of there other games have some great, sometimes, stuff.  No voice acting at all in this game FYI though that's ok.  The writing is not quite as smooth as some of their latest effforts but still humourous and charming.  All the NPCs have been entertaining so far, and the turn based combat is enjoyable.Two of its strong points are the flying as a fairy which is a blast ziping across the map, hovering etc, all done very effortlessly by a couple of different ways either with the keys or mouse.  Also the character customization is unique and meaningful which really I believe is where Spiders are at the top of their game in all these RPGs.  The skill points you allocate are slotted at different body parts which both affect the way your fairy looks, male or female, and different skills like fire spells or lighting etc.  these then will branch and allow for other exclusive powers and then you can increase the level of each of these.So yeah great spiders RPG character customization, engaging turn based combat, full flying exploration of the different levels, and a charming story about faerys and the dying of magic which lots of recognizable lore like Pan, mermaids, and the tree of the world."
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,303790,15053471,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mordeth Kai,"I do not recomend this game because its incomplete and abandoned. It was supposed to be the first part of a trilogy but was dropped on a cliffhangar.The game is fun and does a lot of cool things. The ongoing character customization was also pretty interesting. Dialogue options are nice, I would call them standard fare though. None of the choices felt like they had any depth or consequences beyond weather or not people like you, which I'm ok with. I would realy like to see the dev's reconsider finishing this, because it realy had some awesome ideas that were done well.If you are a fan of character customization, you might enjoy this. You creat the initial character, then the skills and traits you choose as you level up will alter things, like what sort of wings you have and other cosmetic alterations. All armor pieces have a unique look as well. The fairy tale style story telling is not for everyone but I liked it. Lastly, voice acting would be very welcome. A lot of characters have very distinct personalities that could be greatly enhanced with good voice actors."
76561198120783510,Not Recommended,303790,18711200,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Senor Patamon,"I had to put serious thought into whether or not I would recommend this game. Just giving it a thumbs up or down doesn't seem fair. It's a very simple RPG and not the most fun game ever, but there are some things the studio got right.To give you some basis of my review... I purchased the game while I was sick with a cold and looking for something cheap and fast I could play casually while I was stuck in bed.  I finished about half of the game, recovered from sickiness, then forgot I even had it on my computer until I was upgrading the system. I guess the fact I forgot Faery was there is a telling sign that this game isn't very exciting.You start off in Legends of Avalon as a male or female fairy/elf, customised to your liking, and with the usual bout of gameplay amnesia. Apparently your character decided to become comatose for some amount of years because the lands of Avalon were getting too weird. Long story short, your job is to go around different aspects of the faery plane and figure out why the magic is supposedly all janky and the inhabitants are acting crazy/aloof/lazy. Let the fetch quests begin!Here is what the game does right...1. Flying around is superbly easy and actually fun. You will spend 100% of your time flying in this game. Controls are simple with mouse and keyboard or a controller. A good portion of my logged hours probably come from me just zooming around and testing the borders of each level's space. The scaling of your character and its environment is also nice. You really do feel small when you're flying around or talking to the bigger more humanoid characters.2. Upgrading your character actually changes its physical appearance. This ranges from changes in armour to actual body modifications like horns, wings, tails, tattoos, etc... Each addition adds perks or changes your fighting style and/or element. It's really great seeing how your character changes through the game.3. Traditional faery lore. You can see that there was some thought put into how the game world would be constructed and it definitely borrows from the older legends of fae.4. How you respond to other characters changes the game dynamics. Not terribly, you won't be locked out of any quests or not be able to finish the main mission. The game is still very linear and definitely nothing at Mass Effect level moral decisions, but your actions do affect the style of your gameplay. For example, if you say something which conflicts with one of your followers, they'll begin to dislike you. If you're awesome to them, they'll give you gifts of armour or weapons. Fetch quests often give you the ability to choose between combative solutions and conversation based solutions. Sometimes you can get out of going through a horde of tedious turn-based battles if you opt to assemble a tool or talk to a certain character the right way.5. Battles are turn-based, so you might like or hate that. However, you can avoid many battles simply by flying over them. Most of the time, unless it's a boss or necessity to get to a new area, you choose when you want to fight. Of course, if you ignore too many battles, your level will be too low to take on a boss. Most of the battles are pretty simple and require only a minimum amount of strategy. This might be good if you have no experience at this type of gameplay. There's no blood or gore (enemies either fade away or slump over when defeated), quite low on the violence level, so this might be good if you're looking for something more kid friendly.Here is where the game has problems...1. The level design is quite boring. The textures are good and everything is well modelled, blah blah blah... But it's all just rather dull looking. If it wasn't for the characters, you could pluck the bulk of the landscapes out of any other game. With the exception of maybe the scarab level, it's just not very ""magical"" feeling. Even though the levels appear huge because you're a small fairy, the levels are tiny and there are tons of invisible walls. I imagine it's akin to the feeling a mouse would have being locked in a living room. If you're looking for an open word type game, this is definitely not it! The game world starts feeling small very quickly.2. Fetch quests! Not necessarily a bad thing. Everyone goes into an RPG game knowing that they're about to do fetch quests. But these quests just feel kinda empty most of the time. You can't interact with objects in the environment and there are practically no FMVs. Collecting a special item (and by collecting I mean flying over to it then seeing it disappear) and returning it to the correct NPC just makes your screen fade to black then open up to you in another dialog screen. It's very unfulfilling. At one point... !!!SPOILER!!! ... You're tasked with helping a baby dragon hatch, but you never see the process at all. The dragon just appears next to you as a follower.3. On the note of NPC's, get ready to see a lot of the same models over and over again with just different clothing. Even their mannerisms are the same. Dialog is done through text only, there is no voice acting. If you're an old school gamer, you won't so much mind the lack of voices, There are plenty of games which do just fine without having that element of sound. But it is very awkward watching the characters mouth every word of the subtitles. Faery feels more like a game meant to have voice acting, but the studio might have run out of money to finish that part.4. This is the first and last game of the series. You get the four small levels that come with Legends of Avalon and that's it. The story was left open because of the intention of this being a series of Xbox Live titles. Very anti-climatic. Faery was produced by a small studio and it didn't make them enough money to continue the series. You can tell that the team has talent because of the awesome looking concept art during loading screens and the attention to lore. It would be nice to see this game redone by a larger studio with more funds and time. Seems like lost potential for a game world which could have been much more immersive and interesting.Would I recommend this game? Yes and no. If it's only £5/$5, then yes. It did entertain me briefly so I don't feel like I lost money. I got a stable, playable game for the same amount of money as a sandwich and chips. Do you need to go out of your way to play this game? No.  You won't be missing anything important."
76561198054713351,Recommended,303790,10498361,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Totentor,"Nice character customization. Fly around as a fairy meeting trolls and mermaids in the beautiful world of Avalon and travel through mirrors to other worlds. Turn-base combat. It's worth the money for a fun, easy to learn game!"
76561198009316076,Recommended,303790,32610420,Posted: 20 June,all,The Matlock,"I started playing Faery - Legends of Avalon a few years ago, and only picked it up again recently. A shame because this is a very good game, although a game with one major flaw.To begin with, allow me to clear up something said in a majority of the negative reviews. This is *not* an incomplete game. It does in fact have a beginning, a middle, and an end. It's fully playable with nothing actually missing. The anger from everyone comes from the fact that the entire groundwork of the game leads up to something bigger, like there was much more planned for the game. The game essentially reaches it climax, and it starts to seem really interesting, and it just sort of rolls credits. Sadly the game never sold enough to warrant any sort of DLC or a sequel, which is a damned shame.Now, keeping that in mind, the game itself is still worth a play.The entire concept of the game is fresh, where you're playing as a fairy, awakened from a long slumber on the island of Avalon, by the king of the fairy folk, Oberon. He tells you the fairy kingdom is in fact dying and you need to venture beyond several magic mirros to the land of Yggdrassil, the world tree, along with the Flying Dutchman, and the City of Mirages, which floats atop a giant scarab. You must solve the issues in each world to restore their magic.You create your fairy character with a decent enough customization system, name them and off you go. Along the way you recruit another fairy, a nerdy goblin, a small dragon, a creature who communicates with animals, a pirate fairy, and a djinn. You take along two at any time as you progress.There are many parts to each main quest and multiple side quests as well. A lot of them even offer alternative solutions, such as smoking out a hornets nest rather then slaughtering all the hornets inside, or bribing ghosts to stop a mutiny rather then doing so by force. I should also make mention that one of the more entertaining things in the game is the fact that a lot of enemies are things like termites, hornets, and birds, among the many mystical creatures.The battle system in the game is a fairly standard JRPG-style affair. The turn order is displayed in the lower right along with health bars, and each turn you get action points. You simply choose what your attacks are from a menu and it plays out. Some abilities use muliple action points, so planning is key in a lot of cases. Other abilities have cooldowns so they can't be spammed repeatedly. These battles can take a fairly long time, but are enjoyable especially with the orchestral fight music to go along with them.Whether you resolve quests by violent or non-violent means, you always get experience, along with whatever you get from battles. Your party levels up all at once, and while you can't control your party members skills you have a vast amount of control of your own. Each skill point actually gives you additional body parts, which change as you upgrade them. At the end of my playthrough I had butterfly wings, a scorpion tail, ram horns and butterly antanne, among other things. This made me more of a physical attacker/healer, but you can specialize in other ways.Alongside this are various pieces of gear to find. Nothing complicated, as you have several different sets that improve each type of elemental magic respecitively, one for physical resistance, and one for physical damage and poison, along with improved sets of each as well. You can mix and match these however you like, and getting all pieces results in a double bonus to the associated attributes.Lastly the conversations in the game are moderately interesting, as you have sort of a dialogue wheel similar to Mass Effect, where you can ask additional questions or just get to the point, and in some cases either be nice or be mean. It doesn't seem to have a huge impact on things, but again this was probably something that the developers had planned on expanding in future content.Overall, it is a very good RPG and very fun to play. It only takes about 10 hours for one playthrough, and it does leave itself open to multiple plays with different builds, the use of different party members, different dialogue choices, and different quest routes. Again, the *major* hurdle is you asking yourself if you can play this game, get invested in the story, and have no resolution to the story whatsover. I mean, seriously, there isn't even a proper final boss encounter unfortunately.Despite the flaws, it's a solid RPG and I recommend picking it up and at least playing through once."
76561198009922047,Recommended,303790,16851751,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Snakebird [LOMS],"A short but sweet, rather unusual turn-based RPG that has its flaws but nothing that would stop it being a game I would recommend.The soundtrack is good quality. The graphics work well for the quirky, fey, slightly childish feel of the game. I love the way you customise the main character as you level up, your physical appearance drastically changes. The equipment sets look distinctive as well. Flying freely through levels and finding hidden items is also a lot of fun. I enjoy the story of being a Fey going through various realms based on different folk tales, the world initially feels a little childish but there are some slightly dark elements to the plot. I like turn-based RPGs and enjoy the idea of seeing a game that mixes my favourite console RPG and computer RPG styles.This game is often accused of being unfinished. It is a finished, if very short, game, but it is blatantly the first in a series of games. Unfortunately the rest of the games don't actually exist. I wish this game was longer but I don't think it feels unfinished.My only other criticisms of the game are that initial character creation is a little limited (it is fun to be able to colour your hair and skin any colour you want though), you can barely customise other party members, and that I've had the occasional issue running it, nothing I couldn'teasily fix."
,Not Recommended,303790,13510105,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LondonBurning,"Talking about this game is a little more complicated than Steam's ""Do you recommend? Yes or No"" option permits.  It's not terrible, but it's definitely not worth the 'Very Positive' reviews status it currently boasts, and if it had shown a more realistic ""Mixed Reviews"" as it deserves, I probably would not have gotten it.  But it's not awful enough to deserve a ""Would not recommend"" all on its own, either. Maybe 5/10.I picked this game up because I was craving an old-school turn-based RPG, and on that, it delivers.  It also has nods to folklore of several different cultures, not just typical Celtic lore, which was unexpected but very appreciated.  Its premise had the potential of being quite cool, and its combat and spell system also had potential.  The problem is, it has the -potential- for a lot of really nice things, but on most of them, it doesn't follow through.The story itself has an intriguing concept and that was what initially made me buy the game.  But it's never developed in the game itself and has no real resolution.  What story there is is made significantly more flat by the fact that there is no voice acting.  You're basically watching permutations of the same three character designs pantomime surprise or happiness at you while the same song plays on repeat for the entire ~9hrs of gameplay.  The game itself ends right before what seems like it should be a final boss fight.  It's probably supposed to feel like a cliffhanger but really just feels more like the game was never finished--it literally even asks you to save right after the dialogue announcing your intention to fight and then rolls credits on you instead.My other biggest gripes is with the gameplay.  Your character's appearance is dictated by what spells you want to have, and visa versa.  You can be a moderately beautiful bird-winged faery who gets exactly two very marginal spells, or you can be a mishmosh monster faery with ant antennae, goat horns, a scorpion tail, and have six much more efficient spells with multiple variation options for their effects.  Every spell is tied to a physical appendage being added to your character, which basically renders any time you spent on your character's appearance moot, and frankly, their rule of thumb seems like the more effective the spell, the uglier the addition to your appearance.  The most gameplay-altering choices of your appearance also come very early on in the game (like level 3) and there is no going back from them, so by the time you realize you've locked yourself out of the best abilities, you basically have to redo the entire game to change your choice.Overall, the game wasn't -bad-, persay.  It's okay for what it is, which is a time-waster turn-based RPG with some interesting concepts but not much depth.  I would recommend it to someone looking to waste a few hours, but I wouldn't recommend it without a whole lot of caveats attached."
,Recommended,303790,12599809,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,smerlus,"It stinks that Steam only offers two ratings, ""Recommended"" and ""Not Recommended"" as Faery had me thinking a lot about how to classify it. On one hand there's a charming game with a pretty good art design, quick movement and an interesting world while on the other hand the story isn't finished, (and never will be) the game is too easy and the quests are pretty much fetch quests.The fetch quests aren't too bad as the world's that I traveled were pretty compact, usually beautiful and the characters travel pretty damn quickly. It's not like I'm hiking 5-10 minutes just to get back to a person that I just fetched a mushroom for. The combat isn't horrible either, in fact it does have some depth to it but on the default difficulty setting I only had one character knocked out once simply because I knew the enemies weren't going to win so I decided not to waste time using a healing spell.In the 7 or so hours I played the game I gathered a party of some interesting looking characters. I say ""looking"" because the game never really delves into their personalities. There was a scholarly Troll, a mad hatter looking character with a habit of keeping animals as friends to summon in battle, an efrit, and a little dragon just to name a few. The all handle pretty similarly in battle with maybe just a few tweaks here and there.The game uses mirrors to teleport that characters to the different world's and I saw The Flying Dutchman, Yggdrasil and a town on the back of a giant Scarab amongst the gathering of mirrors but most of the teleport stations remained inactive which I'll discuss later on in my biggest complaint about the game.Then the game wraps it all together with turn based combat that is pretty easy and an equipment screen where different sets up armor and weapon changes the look of the main Faery and the look depends if you picked a male or female protagonist.One of the more interesting aspects of the game was the leveling system. Here's were the character is upgraded a point at a time and the points are invested in areas that change the appearance of the Faery. Dragonfly style wings enable the character to cast fire spells, bird wings would enable wind spells and I had to choose because you're not allowed to have both. The game further defines the character with tattoos, auras, tails, horns etc... My final Faery was a female with dragonfly wings, a scorpion's tail, ant like antennae, some tattoos and a wisp that hovered around her. It was a pretty interesting feature and I enjoyed cycling through the options and weighing the looks and benefits of the spells/abilities that the choices gave me.The main downside is that the game doesn't feel finished. Now there are right ways to do a trilogy or set a story up for a sequel and there are wrong ways. I feel the correct way is to have a conflict, then a resolution within a single game but it doesn't have to be the resolution to the main conflict. Faery: Legends of Avalon ends right when the story is reaching a climax and I thought I was about to fight the first major battle in the game only to be greated with some text and the credits. There were plenty of mirrors left to travel to but they all remained inactive due to the cliffhanging ending of the game.There's also a strange lack of sound coming from the majority of characters while traveling the world which lends an empty feeling to the environments despite the music being good. There are also some spelling errors in the text.Don't get me wrong, there's a lot to like about this game and I think it's probably near the top of Spiders' best works yet and this is where I don't think Steam's way of catogorizing games really does F:LoA justice. I would recommend this game with some reservations because, like me, some of these complaints are deal breakers."
,Not Recommended,303790,24085132,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vorpal Hasselfrau,"Abandoned franchise- proceed at your own risk. While the game is quite good, it ends abruptly on a cliffhanger that will never be resolved, as the developers have abandoned the franchise."
,Recommended,303790,10507382,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TheShadowHatter🎩,"Loved this game back when it was released in the PS3 and love it still to this day. You have no idea how excited I was when I saw this on the store that I almost lost breath. I see this as a second chance to try and get the 2nd episode made with enough people buying it from here.Truly a great RPG with fun lore, great characters, and beautiful worlds to explore. I implore ANY fan of RPGs, Mythical fantasy lore, and hidden gems/underrated games to give this game a purchase and try it as I guarantee you'll like it or even love it.I truly hope this will help the developers make the sequel as I really want the second part so badly, ever since it first came out."
76561197965282243,Not Recommended,303790,31390196,Posted: 27 April,all,Hatch,"This game was enjoyable to play.  It's simple and casual.  It's not something most RPG fans would sit around and talk about but if you're a fan of fantasy games it's worth playing.  If you're wanting something with a huge world to explore and lots of action this gameisn'tit.  This game released in 2010 so the graphics look dated.  I also didn't like the lack of voice acting.  If you read the credits you'll see there actually is voice actors but this must be a foreign game and english voices haven't been added so it sometimes feels like playing a Zelda game.  The gameplay is like most JRPGs.  It has turn-based battles, fantasy world, and due to no voice actors it has typed dialogue.  One big peeve I have with this game is the ending. I almost hid this fact with a spoiler notice but I think anyone who pays money for this game deserves to know.  The story to this game isunfinished!Apparently they originally had plans to update the content or release a DLC and it never happened.  Just be warned, when you get to the ending you're going to have a cliffhanger!  I don't recommend this game but you can get at least around 10 hours of gameplay if you do choose to play it.  It's worth getting if you're a fan of fantasy and want something easy to play but otherwise don't bother.Pros:Interesting storyRelaxing gameplaySimple and casualCons:Lack of voice actingSmall worldsFew charactersLack of direction - sometimes can't easily find where to place an item or find an item. It has a sparkle effect but still sometimes hard to find.Cliffhanger ending :("
,Recommended,303790,11903138,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"+ Unique concept+ Level system + character metamorphosis+ Plenty of (shallow) quests+ Ideal length- Too easy- Visuals could use some work- Some quests could use some better explanation (for locations)- Uninspired, lifeless levels[Rating: 72/100]"
76561198030788488,Not Recommended,303790,24069756,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Cracktus Jack,"Faery: Legends of Avalonis a turn-based fantasy RPG. Having awaken from the stasis you chose to go to when magic started waning from the world, you are sent by King Oberon to discover what corruption is consuming the various faery realms of magic.Pros: The story has a bit of a zelda-esque simplicity, which can be great for a younger audience. There is no walking or jumping, as you and your companions (up to two at a given time) all have the ability to fly. Chests are laid about in the four worlds you can explore, filled with potions or various piece of equipment. That equipment also happens to determine your stats: each different piece of equipment applies either to strength, initiative, etc., getting various bonuses depending on the one you pick for each. You still get skill points, which allows a nice customization by applying them to various upgrades in the form of wings, tails and tattoos. Dialog choices occasionally identify nice or rude answers, and not every character you encounter reacts well to nice answers. The visuals are an intriguing mix of fake cell-shading, but the aesthetics are imaginative and a nice change to gritty realism.Cons: The story seems to want to reference or borrow from various myths without understanding any of them. Let's call a faery Galadriel because of that entirely different character in that other fantasy story. Let's have one of the levels be on the Flying Dutchman because a 17th century pirate superstition kinda, sorta, fits in a fantasy mythical world of goblins and magic, I guess. The game feels emotionless with its drab background sounds and music and the lack of voice acting that is felt heavily, its absence being inexcusable considering how few and short the mediocre dialogs are. The graphical style conceals extremely low resolution textures, bad 3D design, and a disorienting choice of colors, lighting and landscape, made worst by the fact that you cannot land. This is only saved by the fact that the levels are fairly short, even with the sidequests which often involve flying a few meters away to click on something and flying back.Verdict: ★★☆☆☆ - Forget itI cannot recommend this game. It feels unfinished, it feels void of any richness, leaving me void of interest. While it may get a pass for a much younger audience, there's little content to make it worth the trip. I'm saying goodbye toFaery: Legends of Avalonand not going back.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,303790,10652499,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Saga,"Spiders are a weird company. They are one of the few game makers that try to break free of the 'norm' when it comes to fantasy RPG's and occasionally try things that are little bit different than the ""Tolkien tropes"" of other games.Unfortunately, they also always seem to lose interest in FINISHING any of the ideas they come up with, leaving each game half baked and not quite finished (it was the same with Mars War Logs as well).This game is no exception. There are some GREAT ideas in this game (the fae setting is a really brilliant idea and the way you develop and upgrade your character and have it physically affect your appearance is very interesting) but again - everything feels unpolished and not quite thought through completely. It's short, ends at a cliffhanger that will probably never be resolved and with a not particularly interesting main story.That said, there's enough there to make it entertaining for a few hours. Providing you grab it at a discount during a steam sale then I don't think you'd be TOO disappointed. It might actually work quite well as an entry-level RPG for a younger gamer if you drop the difficulty level down to easy. It also lacks the casual mysogyny of their newer stuff like Bound By Flame.If Spiders took what they learned from this game and put it into a sequel or another game in the same world I think they could come up with something really fun...but as with their other games, instead of building on and fleshing out the game systems they create, they seem to just get bored and move on to ANOTHER short RPG with fancier graphics, a completely different setting and a whole NEW set of half-baked mechanics and they end up right back at square one again. Weird."
76561198035054806,Not Recommended,303790,12588987,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,sara_bear,"Pretty, interesting story, good game mechanics. BUT.. and I knew this in advance (thought I might not mind) there is no voice acting. The lips move yet no sound comes out. Since I find the background music anoying as I do for 90% of the games out there, I turned that down. I was left with a totally silent game except for the occational combat grunt. It's creepy and depressing. So I looked it up, this game had voice over on other platforms, the Steam version doesn't. And frankly it just makes what could have been a pretty sweet rpg, into a suck fest."
76561197967375754,Recommended,303790,34867634,Posted: 10 September,all,Kiddlepuff,"I purchased this game expecting a simple turn-based rpg and I was satisfied.One of the better points of the game was the upgrade system. When you level up, you can choose different skills to pick from, such as healing, fire attacks, physical etc.... This allows you to work around the skills of your allies and keeps you from losing effectiveness when choosing your favorite characters.The levels themselves are rather small, think ""Mario Galaxy"", on a bit larger scale. Fortunately the game uses a flying system that allows you to speed around the map quickly and easily, making traveling rather trivial. I really enjoyed this aspect of the game because it allows you to explore the map freely and uncover secret nooks and other such things.Two of the negative aspects I can think of is the lack of voice acting and the shortness of the game. This game utilizes a text based system, much like any other game, but the lack of voices kinda keeps you from being immersed into the world. I often found myself just clicking through the dialogue because I really didn't get much out of reading what was there. Honestly it was a rather weird mix of story to begin with. You are part of the faery world helping the king solve issues around the kingdom, which includes a ""ghost pirate ship"" for some reason.My major complaint would be the shortness of the game. It just suddenly ends. I though it was going to load a new world or start off the second half of the story, but no, the game is just over. This is rather disappointing because I was actually starting to pay attention to the plot and wanted to see how the story progressed.For the $3 I paid, I felt like I got my moneys worth. I played the game while listening to podcasts (no voice acting) and had fun with it. Would be interested in seeing the sequel to this game.7/10"
,Recommended,303790,15652733,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Brintloۣۣۣۜۜ ۣۜ,"Nice Game!Its a tactical & roundbased 3D Game.You are a fairy,who has the mission to save the fairyland from the Downfall.Then you will visit 3. Different worlds,which u need to save.The player can do enough quest's.Ur fairy can also wear 10 different armors.The player meet 7 followers with Different strengsts & Weaknesses.Sadly you dont hear voices, just Music. :(This Game isnt a normal rpg, its incredible,for a Little Game!!!It is a sweet,cute & calm game!+ the archivements are easy to get.9,75/10"
76561198037834509,Recommended,303790,12728138,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Old Timer,"The story is ok.  Graphics are ok.  Gameplay is ok.  I had read the reviews before I got it so I think that I knew what to expect.The two biggest flaws in the game are around sound and combat.  I don't like music in the games and sound effects/ voice acting were not there.  It was like playing a game with no sound at all.  Combat was a little too dumbed down for me.  Would have liked more depth.There is slight customization of the main character, but no open world elements that would drive you to want to replay it.  Story line is designed to be linear with only slight variation in how you can solve problems. Combat v puzzle.I see this geared more to a younger audience.  Others might tire of the repetition after the first two areas.I recommended the game, not because I loved it, but because it delivers on what it is."
,Recommended,303790,25769212,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Spiders StudioPublishers:Focus Home InteractiveInitial release:June 2014Genre:Casual, RPG, Turn-based#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationFaery: Legends of Avalonis a relatively strait forward turn-based casually simplistic RPG affair. It's on the shorter side, as far as RPG's go. Seven-ish hours give or take based on how many side quests you decide to engage in.With the onset of the game you are granted a fairly robust character creation screen. It could be better but for the scope of the overall game it's more than you'd expect.Now, I'd say the game is pretty casual because not at any point on the regular difficulty was I in fear of not succeeding in battle. Health is fully restored without use of any items or spells after each battle. Additionally, spells don't cost anything aside from late game ones where they have a 1 or 2 turn cooldown and these are mostly for the multiple target spells. Instead of relying on some sort of mana system to balance the game, it instead relies on balancing fights by certain enemies having elemental or physical resistance to specific attacks.Adding to the simplistic nature of the game is the fact you don't really get to manage how other characters level or decide what skills they acquire aside from very late game decisions where it basically has no consequence. You only get to decide how your main character levels and what gear they wear.The level design is also relatively simple, though a bit convoluted in some areas. Each area is basically inside a dome of fog and everything will be accomplished inside the said dome. The objectives can also be rather difficult to find. In such a small area, there are a lot of hidden coves and outlets. With that being said, the game is about being a Faery and as you might expect, you can fly. Giving each of these domes some very unexpected verticality which can take some getting used to as far as your ability to search every nook and cranny. Objectives are marked with some vague orange particles floating about it but these only show up when you're very close to begin with.The game also has some loose morality choices. They don't have TON of impact but they aren't trivial. The writing is good which is nice as there is no voice acting.THE GISTA nice casual RPG that isn't too taxing and can almost be seen as a palate cleanser type of game. The environments being on the smaller side also lends them to be more detailed and are quite varied.Follow my curation for more"
76561198044033587,Not Recommended,303790,24309470,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,YumeMiteru,"The main reason I do not recommend this game is because it is incomplete. It shows a number of portals in the video but you really can only play 3 of them then the game just stops.The game up to that point is good however. If you want to pay for roughly 10 hours of gameplay and an incomplete story it may be worth it on special. the characters, gameplay and customisation you do get is good and it's a shame they stopped it."
,Not Recommended,303790,33063835,Posted: 30 June,all,The Snacrifice,"A good, but unfinished game.Faery-Legends of Avalonclearly had a lot of forthought put into it. However, the developers must have run out of money or time at some point and I can't recomend the game, since only about 1/4th of the game is finished.The character designs are pretty decent and inventive, though the graphics themselves are somewhat lacking.The story is interesting, but it ends abruptly and unsatisfactorily.Nothing's really resolved, and there's clearly a big chunk of what should have been a full game missing. The total play time is a couple hours at best and suffers from and over abundance fetch-quests.The combat system is pretty good for an RPG. Rather than mess around with mana, abilities use cooldowns and take up different amounts of your 'action pool', or total actions per turn. The lack of any sort of respec and dodgy ability descriptions makes it awkward to build your character, but the fights were pretty generous so even with a poorly optimized character you should be fine.Faery- Legends of Avalonis just not worth its asking price because of it. Which is frustrating, since it could be a good game."
,Recommended,303790,29333226,Posted: 18 January,all,Tibran™,"I enjoyed this game a lot!It's a fairly easy old school RPG with turn based battles. If you're a fan of games like Final Fantasy 7 where battles were more about strategy than about action and reaction, i'm sure you'll like Faery.The story is quite simple and linear. No alternative endings and stuff like that just about 6-8 hours with mystical fable creatures.If it's not clear by looking at the cover Faery is a fairy tale.Your custom protagonist is a fairy-ish creature.(Just to clarify)I recommend Faery for people who like a short old school RPG with fairy tale setting and no real difficulty. Just to chill out and relax you know.Just as a side note:If you want to buy Faery just buy it on sale! Cause i think it'sNOTworth fullprice."
76561198011891156,Recommended,303790,33669779,Posted: 20 July,all,Jargonaut,"This is a wonderful RPG that I started playing 1 year ago (Mar 2016)  and got stuck. This week, I pick up the game again, and played from scratch. I enjoyed it very much and after 20+ hours of intense playing, I was finally able to finished the game and got all the achievements.What I loved about this game is the various exploratory puzzles, many of whom are extremely difficult. For example there was this puzzle about ""the glint of a dead man's eye"" and it turn out to be a specific location that is extremely difficult to find. It took me almost an hour of blind exploration to finally stumble upon the solution, and I felt a tremendous sense of satisfaction when I finally got the the exact location. Note that this is a 3D game, where you can fly and orientate the map in all direction, which add a lot more complexity to the exploration process.The combat mechanics is also fun and captivating. Furthermore you can recruit several NPC teammates with unique skills that complement your main hero.Overall, I had a great time with this game and would like to recommend it to anyone who love first-person, RPG games with interesting storylines."
,Not Recommended,303790,28335919,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,Game doesn't work for one bit for me. So obviously I can't recommend it.It just crashes to desktop instantly and apparently there's no way to fix it.Been like this for a long while now.
,Recommended,303790,12467144,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ananoriel,"This game is pretty cute. You can fly around like a fairy and help (or fight) other creatures. The graphics are good, and they fit with the atmosphere in the game. The story line is okay, it is an interesting and a fairyesque(is that a word?) story, but also a bit linear and also very short. You can mostly choose between a violent or non violent option to solve the quest. When you talk to an NPC you can also choose between the good (blue texts), neutral (white texts) and evil options (red texts). So with that you can also make a NPC let you like you more, or less. And with that you can solve quests or problems as well.The character customization is good, you can make a cute looking fairy, but if you want to make an evil one, go ahead. When you level up you can give your fairy special skills and equipment. You can also find several companions to help you in your adventures.So now the combat: it is turnbased, and some skills/spells work better on your enemy than others. It is a bit of balancing who you take with you, so you can do max damage. But you can find a companion who heals you and your allies as well, or do it yourself.There are only a few things that bug me a bit. I don't like the black lines around characters and objects (I know it is a small thing, sorry).And I miss a bit of voiceacting. You see the animations in the conversations, see them talking, but you can't hear them. Which is a bit awkward in my opinion.But overall I enjoy the game. I like the story, and the combat. I would recommend it to buy it in the sale. If you think that the combat is too easy, you can change the difficulty in options by the way.I hope they make a new game, which you would expect because of the open ending. But no one heard about a upcoming sequel.My rating for the game: 7/10"
76561198040811698,Recommended,303790,23781996,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Darkclaw3050,"*The game may give you an nVidia/PhysX error when you run it, even if you have an AMD card; install the legacy drivers to fix that (you don't have to uninstall your current drivers):http://www.nvidia.com/content/DriverDownload-March2009/confirmation.php?url=/Windows/9.13.0604/PhysX-9.13.0604-SystemSoftware-Legacy.msi&lang=us&type=OtherOther than that initial annoyance getting started, the game itself is pretty fun if you like turn-based RPGs, I would recommend it.+Unique idea/mechanics with fairy heroes and getting to fly freely everywhere+Graphics/environments/models are decently detailed and varied+Price is very reasonable, often on sale+Customizable main character, with more options as you level+Combat is fun, turn-based, plenty of skills, no MP to worry about+Variety of equipment/effects including set bonuses+Variety of items/treasures and quests to find/collect/complete+Different companions that react differently to your dialogue choices-Required the manual download of legacy PhysX drivers to work-Sound is mediocre, with no voiceovers-Some controls are awkward, no key rebinding-No customization or equipment for party other than main character-Don't expect closure to the story"
,Recommended,303790,22255991,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,nonbold,"I really liked this game.It has beautiful graphics in a very nice individual style.The (roundbased) fights are fun and not very hard.Experienced gamers should start with hard mode if they want more of a challenge.The upgrades of your charakter decide its appearance.I ended with a female fairy with dragonfly wings and rams horns.Like Tinkerbell, but with an attitude and the ability to throw fireballs :-)It is not very long and ends with a clifhanger.Since a sequel is unlikely, you will have to live with that.But like with some TV series, just because it was canceled after one or two seasons,that does not mean those seasons were not great.And how many games do you know where you can flit around like a fairy?"
76561198036373796,Recommended,303790,25441094,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Annihilord,"First of all i only recommend this game if its cheap, i bought it for €1,90 or something like that and it's easily worth that money. You fly around, get new skills, get some story, get loot, fight some stuff and that's about it. The game is not very long.While the flying is quite enjoyable and a very nice way of getting around, the combat is a very basic turn based ""Click what you want to do then click a target"" kind of ordeal. Not much depth there. Sure there are resistances and weaknesses and you can choose your companions accordingly, but there aren't many very interesting abilities or spells. There is however quite a range to choose from for the main character.It looks dated... because it is... what did you expect. While the textures are pretty low res, most of the modeling is actually reasonably done and the fx, while basic, do the job. There is no voice acting in this game, everyone just silently mouthes while text is displayed, not a huge deal, but does make the world feel a little dead. Other than that the design for the worlds and creatures is quite good.The main story is not that inspired, but the character writing is pretty ok and they do feel like actual characters and not just quest dispensers. Although here and there there seem to be some dodgy translations.The quests are pretty basic fetch quests and most of your time will be spent flying from A to B picking up objects, talking to people, defeating monsters, and collecting loot from hidden chests. That said, you fly pretty quickly and this helps to prevent it from becoming too boring.There is some choice in this game, and often you can choose to avoid combat (which is nice as the combat isn't all that fun and can get boring) all the different paths pretty much converge on the same point, but hey it gives a little bit to roleplay with.Pro's +-Flying is fun-Characters have personality-Good design-Has a charming feel to it-Might trigger some nostalgia for olden days games-Does reward exploration to some extend-Many abilities to choose from-Good character customizationCon's --Combat isn't very deep-Looks dated (because it is)-Uninspired quests-Predictable main story-Has a ""to be continued"" but it never has been continued. (luckily the story wasnt all that great anyway so its no big deal to me)-Short finished it with 100% completion (or close to it) within 9 hours. (according to steam it maybe even less due to it sometimes running in the background while i was gone)Does have some replayability because of the different builds you can have, but that won't change your experience all that much.All in all: if its cheap, sure get it but just don't pay to much for it, or expect too much."
,Recommended,303790,10499041,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Kchark,"Faery - Legends of Avalon was one of my favorite games for the XBox 360 when it was released there a few years ago, and now it's just as good except with even better graphics here in its PC version. It's definitely worth checking out, especially if you enjoy a relaxed, medium-length RPG adventure with turn-based combat and a beautiful, imaginative world to explore."
76561198004388141,Recommended,303790,11865499,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,lrwolfe,"I would recommend this game.  The controls are what I liked and noticed first.  They are very similar to Star Wars KOTOR, which I also enjoyed very much.  With the option to use only the mouse to move, interact, and fly, it keeps this casual RPG just that, casual.  The flying feels ""natural"", uncomplicated, and fun.  The leveling is simple and logical, while still having options to enhance healing, elemental, practical, or a combinations of magic.  The fighting is old school RPG turn-style based where your team is on the right and the enemies are on the left with animated fighting when each person/creature strikes or gets hit.  The story is interesting as are the characters you meet.  If you are looking for a simple RPG/Adventure without overcomplication of puzzles, controls, crafting, or leveling, then you will want to try this game."
76561198011965365,Recommended,303790,35215815,Posted: 25 September,all,Saint Aaron,"A sweet little RPG lite with some good ideas and nice environments. Combat is turn based, and your character has good range of customizations, enough to make them unique."
76561198045285245,Recommended,303790,22838809,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"Played the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta' this on my 360, you can make some kawaii-desu fairies and I love it. My girls were the toughest, rudest/kindest kids fresh outta' the crystal. Also, you can be gay, which is always nice! It's turn based, it's got all right character creator tools, it's long enough to feel pretty long your first time through, but short enough that you can play through it on an afternoon after you've beaten it. I likee it then, still do now. #GayFaeriesForLyfe"
,Recommended,303790,19777213,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Zeemond,"Faery present you with a fun turn bu turn rpg, where you can fly in a decently big open world, in the style of witcher, seprarate zones to explore. Being the size of a mouse, a seagull can turn into a boss fight.. so can a crab, which is somethign we dont often get. Beside the premise and world, the game has a few merits of its own, the combat feels great, graphics are fitting for the atmosphere, sound is good, etc. The game is not overly long, but given the price, it is acceptable. The game mythos, i cannot comment on, since i am not very familiar with fairies, goblins, djinn, etcThe games only real downside (to me).. is that it is meant to be the first in a serie.. and there is no serie.. this is something you should know going in, as much you might want more, as it is, you will not get more.have fun and have a nice day!-Lost"
,Not Recommended,303790,11461225,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Strawberry Cat 7.00,"GOOD:-Gives you non-violent routes to solve the main quests.-Flying is fun.BAD/MEH:-Combat animation is repetitive and visually underwhelming-Interaction between elements of combat (elements, crits, disables) are shallow and boring-Ghost ship and tree worlds are extremely hard to orientate and navigate in due to lighting/camera limitations/poor propsplacement-Game is too short; in 8-10 hours I cleared, optimised, and discovered everything-This was intended as part 1 of a series of games, but the project was cancelled. There will be no sequels, and all plot points will not be resolved-Cliche overarching storyline-Monotonous cliched quests (fetch X kill Y)Get this flight simulator with 4 pretty environments on sale."
76561198043878807,Recommended,303790,24150031,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Amilly,"Firstly, let me say straight off, I love this game. I love fearies and mermaids, and this has both. There are alot of good things about this game. Firstly, easy as pie to learn. The flying wasn't that hard to learn. It felt natural and freeing. I love that when you have to go some distance, you can speedfly. So many games have alot of useless walking. You do have to revisit people, which normally bothers me, but with the fast Flying, its a  breeze. Secondly, the fight mechanics are turn based. I get so frustrated with Video games sometimes becuase I mash the wrong buttons, did the wrong attack and get penalized heavuly for it. This game doesn't have that. Take it at your own pace. The charecter creation was so detailed and customizable that I had a blast just makign my charecter,When I started out, I kinda felt that it had like a Slight Mass Effect feel to it. The end is coming and you have to put together a team to face it, and all that videogame plotline jazz. Earn loyalties, et cetera. However, this is much simpler.Now for the cons, but while it seems like there are alot on my list, they actually don't weigh in much in comparison to the positives.So You fly around as a scantily clad Feary. I don't know if you can get more modest clothing later on in the game, but I find the amount of skin shown is distracting. I can't look at her Bikini-mail and not wonder how that monster isn't doing more damage. Anything that pulls you out of the story world is always a little bit of a negative for me, but this wasn't that big.The graphic settings do leave something to be desired. My husband was looking at the game and assumed it had automatically been put on the lowest settings. There is no settings. Screen resolution and thats pretty much it.The other charecter development could be better. Not even four missions in and the first male charecter you meet has a crush on you. Of course, it is a video game......My last big negative isn't really a negative, more of a missed oppertunity. There is no voice acting. no talking. There is conversation, but it is written out. I didn't mind this. I am an avid reader, and the fact I don't have to wait for them to stop talking means I didn't have much of a problem with this, but again, it could have been much improved with voices.Overall, I loved it very much, the bit that I have played. I am a  Semi-grown woman who still likes fairies and mermaids and who wishs she could get a fairy gown and wings and glide around the house. This game is satifying in that respect. It isn't too complicated and there isn't any gore, which I appreciate very much. If you play video games for stunning voice acting or game mechanics or video quality, then this might not be the game for you. But if you have a love for fairis and can ignore the little nuances, then you will love this game."
76561197980804844,Recommended,303790,34285625,Posted: 16 August,all,Pilotball,"This game is the closest thing that comes to flying in City of Heroes.For that reason alone, I loved it. It was like a walk down memory lane. I found that I flew around for a good 15 minutes just remembering my favorite COH travel power.The game itself, is dated, with small zones, extremem simple quests and very linear with Final Fantasy like battles.Overall, I likely will never play it again unless I want  to spend a few more minutes flying around like the good old days."
76561198001362759,Recommended,303790,10912169,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gana,"The game is different enough to be interesting for it's short duration.  You fly everywhere, and adding fighting/defensive abilities adds different looks to your fairy character. I am sure people will chose and avoid abilities just for the aesthetics (which I admit I did).It's turn based fighting which does need consideration...so you can't just ignore the game completely.  It's not an open world, you spend your time in 4 closed small environments, doing pretty much linear quests, fighting your way through each objective, and then you're done.  You are given the ability to annoy or be helpful, but why would you be annoying?If you are looking for an in-depth and long game, go elsewhere.  If you want to see some really lovely environments, do a few decent turn-based battles and quickly move on to another game -- give this game a go."
76561197995631533,Recommended,303790,12434915,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Talon,"A fun little RPG, with just enough background, interesting landscapes, and battle mechanics to keep it from being hated.  Why the hate, you ask?  It seems pretty obvious once you start playing, that they had intended for a sequel to come out later, but because of poor sales, will never happen.  The game DOES end with a cliffhanger, where the sequel would would taken off from.If this is something that you can overlook, then you will find 7-8 hours of good gameplay for a decent price (especially if its on sale)."
76561198094102885,Recommended,303790,11284962,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ailierynn,"There are games that become instant classics. Faery: Legend of Avalon is not one of those. You might say it is the very definition of an underdog. Why? Well, do not expect all the features that made Skyrim great in here, because this isn't Skyrim. It wasn't meant to be. In fact, if there is a tried and true formula for fantasy genre games, this title is as far as it gets from it. And that's not really a bad thing - do we need another typical RPG?Faery: Legend of Avalon is shockingly different. Not in turn-based combad (which feels more like a JRPG), nor in character development from a series of ""perks"". But the setting, the world, and, best of all, the ""feel"" of the game"". A fairy tale set in a world that actually fits the bill. And the artwork is great, despite somewhat limited textures. Plus, the fact that there are non-violent solutions available, means you don't have to be a serial bad♥♥♥♥♥(not killer, since winning a combat here doesn't mean wet work).Different ""worlds"", or whatever those are properly called, are very small. But there is so much to do, that, at some point, those begin to feel too large. And there are no ""clearly cut villains"" - each of these worlds is besieged by a host of problems, mostly due to neglegence or an unhappy turn of natural (including supernatural) events. Something that you have to put right.As you go on about your quest, and your character evolves, you tend to ""grow"" things. Like a tail or horns. And if you build a character solely on ability choices, you might have quite a frankenstein's monster in the end. Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad one.Sadly, there are a few software bugs there (had the game crash to desktop immediately after finishing character creation, so make sure to save often), and dialogs aren't consistent across genders (whether you are a ""he"" or a ""she"", in some cases they still refer to you as ""he"").  But that all doesn't matter in the end. This game still has the ""one more turn"" factor, and is guaranteed to make you go to sleep a few hours later than you planned. :)"
,Recommended,303790,25481159,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Blue,"Possibly THE most underated game I have ever played. When I saw this game I was sceptical because it looked interesting but is seemed to lack polish. However this game is mind blowing. Each of the worlds is very unique, well designed with fantastic enviroments. There are many varying characters, all kinds of species, reimaging of fantasy creatures and places but most of all it looks so good. If you like fantasy you will like this game. The only disapointing part of this game is the fact it did not get enough attention to merit a sequel."
76561198053445428,Recommended,303790,10741094,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,vitaliusdeos,"This game was short but a very fun game to play as it had a refreshing gameplay style that most common games don't use. While a bit casual especially in the battle spectrum (unlimited magic usage that can be restricted to a max of 2 turns with more powerful spells) this game was relatively fun for such a short game. There are some negatives I have of the game, including the  lack of ability to walk, and the story filling about 11-12 hours on a blind playthrough, but overall I really enjoyed the game, especially because it's one of the few i've been able to finish recently. If you want a story that is interesting and something that is just overall fun as a side thing to kill time, I reccomend this game."
,Recommended,303790,10808817,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kestrel,"This game is cute, it's the only way I have to describe it. It makes me feel strangely fuzzy inside. At its heart is a children's story, with a few grammar issues here and there (none of the characters are voiced either, so you need to read all text to follow conversations), but those are only mild gripes.It's old, there's no doubting that, but the cuteness extends to its simplicity too. And it works, from combat simple enough for a child to understand (I suspect there might be reasons to that), to a really nice levelling system that doesn't seem to be possible to break.If you're an RPG fan looking for something a little ""lighter"" than normal, pick this up. Definitely well worth it."
76561197985389214,Recommended,303790,10521836,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Sacrath,"I don't know man. The turn based combat is somewhat tedious, but there isn't very much of it. You can also avoid most combats by doing a ""peaceful"" option quest. All of those are flying around to collect items. Luckily the flying controls in this game are really good and the levels are designed to be interesting to fly through. The metamorphasis system for leveling up is neat. The writing seems like a non native english speaker wrote it. There are far worse things to spend six to ten dollars on."
,Recommended,303790,12561244,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MinisterJay,"PROS: I found the game to be fun.  My son, who just turned 11, is having fun learning the game.   I have been playing RPG's for over 32 years.  I love games where the main character can be a faery.  You get to fly almost anywhere.  With each leveling up, you can to choose what you want to add or upgrade.  The game IS NOT all about slah and hack.  I love that feature.CONS: You have to live with the upgrades and attribute choices made.  Once you select, you cannot do a take back.  That is only a minor setback though.  I decided to just not make some choices, the next time I play.  The largest setback is tat just when you are really getting into the story, it ends.  You are left with a ""to be continued"" feeling.Overall:  The first playing it, took not too long.  It ended too quick.  Had a lot of fun playing it.  My son played it for over an hour before I bumped him.  (Not many games grab his attention for that long.)  For mere fun and entertainment purposes, I feel satisified with the purchase.  I hope Part 2 is much longer...."
,Recommended,303790,21032569,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Alikai,"TL:DR: The game is cut a bit short, but ABSOLUTELY worth the money anyway.This is hands-down one of the best RPGs I have ever touched. The story can evolve very differently, the characters are well made and have very distinct personas and the art is gorgeus. The mechanics are very simple and easy to learn and the combat resembles the Final Fantasy series alot. Flying is done by looking in the direction you are going and pressing a button (as I used WASD it was W, but you can also use your mouse for this).The character creation is simple, but gives a lot of possibilities for your characters look. The leveling system and skill gaining (called metamorphosis) also impacts on what your character looks like. As an example: Focusing on fire magic means that your character has dragonfly wings that grow and gain a pattern later on. Tattoos in the face, around your leg and arm signify certain skills as does differet wings, tails, horns, auras and trails. Absolutely loved this.The story is also good, but is cut short as this is the first part of a non-finished trilogy which I am very sad about. This story had A LOT of potential and could have been amazing when finished. Considering the price it is still worth the money though since the game has a lot of re-playability due to the fact that your actions change the story as you go along and you can play around with skills as well.The art of the game is also gorgeus. A lot thoughts has gone into the visual aspects and all of the areas are thought through from which faery creatures appear there to the general feel of the area through background music."
,Recommended,303790,33780841,Posted: 24 July,all,laryna6,"Warning: The game ends on a cliffhanger and unless it makes a lot on Steam, parts 2&3 are probably never coming.3d computer animated graphics, a flying system that was a lot easier to master than I figured it would be. The game has a lot of features you rarely see in similar computer RPGs, but made sense once I read it was released on consoles originally. Lots of nods to the folklore/myths/fairy tales (and plays, and novels...) of multiple cultures.Allows non-violent solutions to many problems - the combat is repetitive once you figure out what works on each enemy, but they at least tried to have their own unique battle system allowing strategy - it just makes me wish that they did get to make a sequel where they could build on what they learned from this game about how to do turn-based combat. I'm disappointed all the other games from this studio on Steam are action RPGs, if there were other turn-based games from them I would have picked them up.It's charming, especially for someone who gets the references, and not a bad way to spend a few afternoons. I prefer games where it's clear the production team actually wanted to be making this game, things with heart instead of focus groups - instead of making something cookie-cutter, they made a flying mechanic so we were actually playing as a flying fairy instead of just doing the lazy 'hovering slightly off the ground' most games do with characters like that. Then there's all the sometimes-literal mythology gags. Sadly, unique games rarely get decent budgets, and this team chose to not skimp on the production values and cut corners (cut the entire flying feature) to free up the money to create more areas and models). Ending on a cliffhanger instead of cutting the Oberon plot and doing something to wrap it up feels more honest than frustrating: no, ending it there would not be a decent ending, and they could hope that by creating demand from a sequel they could get the money for Part II.They could have made a good but incomplete game, or an incomplete but shoddy one, and I respect them not compromising their desire to make a genuinely good game. Get it on sale, sure, but unless not having a neat resolution genuinely bothers you, I'd recommend picking this up if you enjoy fairy tale/mythology nods and want something charming and unique."
76561198386261862,Recommended,303790,32949807,Posted: 28 June,all,Kfish,"I would not get it just for myself, but I did really like some aspects of it would definately reccomend this game for younger players as a gentle introduction to open(ish) world RPG/adventures.  With the turn-based combat, it plays *a bit* like a later Final Fantasy game, but simpler, smaller, and with less mature themes.  Also, most of the play is simple enough that kids shouldn't need a lot of help/coaching to make progress.Liked- Pretty detailed character customazation. My kids love to just load the game up and build a new fairy.  Your skill choices alter your character's physical appearance, and gameplay is forgiving enough that you don't have to metagame at all to keep up with the difficulty.  So you can pick the abilities just cuz they look neat on your character.Didn't like- While the skills are more asthetic than functional, I did find it annoying that the leveling system locks you out of certain abilities without any way to know ahead of time because viewing some options isn't possible until a ceratain level is reached. Progression is also very linear due to the number of experience giving encouters being finite.Liked- The itmes don't really matter that much.  If you miss a chest, or fail to make a character like you enough to give you an item, it doesn't drastically affect game play.  Compare this to games where game changing items are hidden in obscure loctions that require the use of a guide/google to find or those where not having optomized combinations creates critical vulnerabilities against certain bosses.  You could probably play through this game with NO items fairly easily, which leaves kids free to equip things that look neat on their character, and it's not a big deal if half of them are never found.Didn't like- The items don't really matter that much.  Once you realize that it's not so satisfying to collect them.  I'm not sure I even used more than a handfull of potions.Liked- You are given some choice how to deal with challenges in the form of combat vs. questing and the different characters who join you each has their own preferences for how to handle those situations and how they like to be treated.  The stakes aren't terribly high for younger players in that you can't lock yourself out of any quests (that I could see), lose acess to game changing items, and none of the characters will leave or become hostile (they just complain a bit).Didn't like- Choosing low combat options, and some quests in general, can result in more running back and forth talking to people than some players might like.  Actual puzzles might have been a bit more engaging. The biggest thing that helps to limit the amount of backtracking and getting stuck, is to exhaust all dialogue options with every character...pretty much every time you talk to them.Liked- Open exploration in three dimensions within the boundaries of each world.  This is one of the best games I personally have played for taking advantage of having a flying PC in terms of how the worlds are set up.  It's not obvious in the hub world, but all of the others rely heavily on flying all over, up and down, to find people and things. I don't know of another adventure RPG that does that.Didn't like- Play is more or less linear.  Your choices only kind of matter.  And, because the game is fairly short, some of the character development/story feels rushed. (One character more or less declares his undying love for you from the word hi.  Ummm...creepy much.)  Most kids probably won't notice, but it's obvious to older players and does affect replayability."
76561198059641737,Recommended,303790,25377230,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sevrin,"It's a pretty decent game. Story is okay, but ends at an interesting point and just stops.The gameplay gets rather reptative. After the first world it's basically just more of the exact same stuff, slowly following a story. Overall I enjoyed it moderately. It's not the best, but it's okay."
76561198166839389,Recommended,303790,29472804,Posted: 24 January,all,lottiezebzebzeb,"When I was a kid, I had an often-reread selection of favorite fairy books. I made fairies out of wire, embroidery thread, fake flower petals and beads. Whenever my family went on camping or backpacking trips I would build fairy houses out of twigs and moss and rocks and flowers, on the banks of creeks and tucked against the roots of trees. Playing Faery - Legends of Avalon made me feel like that fairy-loving eight year old again, in the best possible way.It couldn't have been a more drastic tonal shift from the other Spiders game I've played, Bound By Flame, which I think is best described as a  gritty dark fantasy Bioware knockoff. I got a lot of ironic pleasure out of that game. ""Ok, companion character who is literally Mass Effect's Thane with a man bun voiced by Fenris from Dragon Age's voice actor, who is inexplicably doing a Russian accent/speaking only in the third person,"" I smirked. ""Let's go kill some giant, flying swamp spiders. Whoa - we're making out now, without my ever having chosen a single romantic dialogue option? Sure,  I can roll with it."" So it was Bad, but also vastly entertaining and I loved it.I also loved Faery-Legends of Avalon, but I am not speaking with even one iota of hyperbole when I say that my love for this game couldn't be more pure and unironic. It's still probably not a Good Game, but it was light, sweet, earnest and adorable, and that is more than enough for me to find it immensely enjoyable and loveable. The characters were precious, and it became a ritual struggle for me to decide whether I wanted to take the spunky pirate lady or the baby dragon with me on my adventures.You're probably going to either going to dismiss it as a dumb GIRL'S GAME and go back to collecting pin-up cards of scantily-clad, helpless ladies you've rescued and then ♥♥♥♥ed in The Witcher, or you will love it with all the sincere passion that your soul is capable of, like I did. <3 <3 <3"
76561198047794261,Recommended,303790,10520618,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Zeeloa,This game was awesome and i loved it however the game makers released it without it being finished you will get 1/3 through the game and it abruptly ends i really did enjoy this game and wish there was more because i wish to keep playing this however just the abrupt and oddly timed ending ruins it
,Recommended,303790,12733651,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Steel Phoenix,"The game had a lot of promise; it offered a lot of features that I enjoy including a customizable main character, alternate solutions to major obstacles (ie- not everything needs to be punched in the face), and an interesting premise for a storyline.  However, while it didn't disappoint me, having beaten it after barely 10 hours of play, I would say that it never managed to climb out of mediocre status.  As many of the other comments have indicated, the game feels incomplete.  It stops after you've saved three worlds when you make a very important decision which I won't discuss here for risk of spoilers.  The developers clearly introduced several new models in the third world to make additional worlds viable ... but nothing.  In fact, a major plot point is dropped on you right before the end that was completely unexplored nor foreshadowed in earlier gameplay and yet not unexpected when the revelation is made.  All in all, I wish the game had been completed or had been released chapter style like Wolf Among Us, etc.  Still, not bad for a simple RPG.  [Frankly, I wish there was a ""maybe"" recommendation option on Steam :D ]"
76561198053548350,Recommended,303790,34824180,Posted: 8 September,all,TrundleWolf,So far I am enjoying the game a lot!! Very relaxing and calm feel. Feels quite repetative though. I would love to see a fairy game like this with a massive open would and intence story line where combat was fluid instead of wait to hit ect. Anyways an awesome game!(Oh and I wish it had voice acting and co-op)
,Recommended,303790,10516305,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Chernobog,"Charming RPG with an interesting flying theme. Not a fast paced game by any means, but just pleasant in execution. Turning your character around is curiously sluggish, but flying from one side of the map to the other is very fast. There are many NPCs to talk to and often times you do not need to fight with everyone. Leveling up is particularly interestsing- the abilities you choose actually change how your character looks. Graphics are fittingly whimsical and bright. Overall, while not a 'great' rpg, it is enjoyable and has some different characteristics to how it plays. Worth trying out."
76561198032736750,Recommended,303790,30681621,Posted: 23 March,all,MrFeyerwire,"It has been a year or two since I played this game, but I was just organizing my games library and saw it, so I wanted to write a quick review. The moment I saw it in my library and was reminded of it, I smiled as my memories of the game all came rushing back. I absolutely loved this game and I highly recommend it to everyone. If a bitter,  hard core, JRPG hating, 32 year old lifetime gamer can love this game, then anyone can love it.At its core, Faery is an old school RPG, with turn based combat where both fighting parties remain on their own side until they attack, much like the combat from Dragon Quest 8,  Final Fantasy 7 and others like it. For me, nothing can ruin a game quicker for me, than it being too easy or it having ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialogues, this game had neither one of those problems and offered plenty of challenge. I found myself having to frequently load save games and strategize and the dialogue was solid and effective. In addition, the difficulty of finding characters and locations on the various maps in the game, add another element of challenge to the game. Of all the games pro's, It is the polished flight system that is the most impressive, I have been gaming for decades and this games flight system evoked sensations in me, that I had never felt playing any other game. In fact, moving from place to place in the game never gets boring, because the flight system is so much fun.At the end of the day, it is absolutely worth the money and unless your one of those types that is impossible of writing a positive review about any game, your going to love this game. If you are looking for flaws, I am sure you will always find them, but this game lacks any glaring ones so STFU and enjoy it for what it is."
76561198034098553,Not Recommended,303790,30348199,Posted: 5 March,all,cat8864,"Overall, while I don't regret buying the game I can't say i'd recomend it.A decent way to kill 8 hours if you're bored enough. Neither good nor bad just a mellow game. A vaguely interesting linear plot with small zones and smaller dungeons (more like hallways thankfully). Repetitive combat but it's easy enough to avoid most it. Standard fetch quests but the majority of them are plot related and the rest just fall into place as you go. Ends in a ""To Be Continued"" but has long since been abandonded. There's only two good combat party members (including yourself) and the rest are situational if you want to take the time and effort to figure out the strengths and weaknesses of the small number of monsters you fight. The character upgrades are neat in that they change the appearance of you character (scorpian tail anyone?) but I couldn't tell if upgrading each skill actually did anything. The armor is lackluster - seemingly random drops with only 4 different models just recolored. And you can't customize your party beyond picking who you want traveling with you.My only recomendation is remember the sprint button!"
76561197974525366,Recommended,303790,10759147,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Arcade,"Good basic concept, battles get tedious, its very short to play through"
,Not Recommended,303790,16128739,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Do-Sho,This game could have been an O.K. cheap budget game had it actually been finished before being released. It is only really half a game with apparently no plans to add the second half. Aside from that it has decent graphics and environment/character design. Aside from that I would only recommend it if your looking for an easy relatively quick game to 100%
76561198056847871,Not Recommended,303790,26215385,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Satan,"The reviews that claim this game is good are fake. Do not listen to them. The game is unplayable, permanently broken. How can someone with 0.3 hours tell you that the game is great...this comes from someone that spent 8 hours of various methods, on multiple computers, across operating systems, different drivers, different CPUs, GPUs, etc. and none of them worked. As far as my knowledge goes this game is still unplayable. Do Not Purchase."
76561198136567225,Recommended,303790,10755065,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jasminefairybreath,"This game looks great and the graphics are good, but the storyline is faulty and the quests are buggy as crap!!  Some quest you face the walls and can't see  and others you have no control over!!  If this had less bugs and more storylines it would be a great game....its needs to  be finished!!"
76561197999329422,Recommended,303790,10694347,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,McCree,"It's surprisingly short, but entertaining nonetheless! If you're a fan of the old-style turn-based RPG's and character upgrading, this is worth checking out! Sadly, because it's so short, there's not really any point to whether party members like you more or less. This was definitely a stab at something that could've become much more, but around its release, players who had access to it just didn't want to play its style of gameplay, so it fell into the wastebasket of ideas.SPOILERSPOILER: Don't read unless you really want to.The completion of the game doesn't give any feel of actual completion and leaves everything hanging unfinished story-wise. What a shame. :("
76561198022514195,Recommended,303790,26792024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Medise,"Visually... questionable, feels low budget (not just indie low budget, but actually ""we had no money to do it right""). Has a lot of interesting non-linear quests and ""plot"" twists, many different an wierd worlds, and it rewards exploration too — secrets to be found around every corner. Combat is rather repetitive (jRPG syle) but challenging enough to enjoy it some times.So if you give this game a chance it may actually surprise you, or not."
,Recommended,303790,22139671,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Errapel,"A charming and delightful gameThe graphics are beautiful, the story is charming, the characters are  interesting, what's not to like? It can be a bit simplistic in places, and the 'love' aspect seems to boil down to making sure your target approves of your choices (or isnt't here to witness them) and is around at the right moment to confess their love for you.I loved being able to customise my fairy character, though that could have been balanced better. The combat abilities are fairly limited, and combat itself is turnbased and fairly unexciting. Unless you bring the guy who's special attack is to throw bees, a racoon or other animal side-kick at the enemy. Then it's hilarious.In short I loved this game and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,303790,19635300,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Bob,"This game might be described as a bare bones RPG, it has the core RPG stuff like customisation of the character's ability, side mission etc but it doesn't have most of the other things you might expect like a branching story or trading collected items. Some people may regard that as a negative but I liked the game, 30 hours into Dragon Age I was massively bored,  felt like I had missed out half the game and was just resentfully grinding my way through to see the conclusion of the story. However here I finished the whole game with all the achievements in 7 hours before I could get tired of it and felt satisfied that I had explored everything of interest in the game.The good parts of the game include the varied caricatured character design, the customisation of your character and the 3D flying exploration. The bits I didn't like was that there was no voice acting for the dialogue and it does end on a fairly big cliff hanger for a sequel that never happened."
76561198136533167,Recommended,303790,11629398,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,the_wraithchilde,"Those of us who are spoiled by quest markers will suffer a bit in this game, but luckily the ""worlds"" are small.  It would be nice if the skill trees were a bit more complex, but then, the game is relatively short.Many of the negative comments in other reviews are valid.  It is simple and the developers sold it short.  It could have been a much better game.  But it is what it is.  Overall it was entertaining and definitely worth the small price paid for it.If you have an insatiable desire for exploding zombie heads, or need challenging complexity, this isn't for you.  If you want to fly around as a faery, don't mind reading dialog, and are looking for a fun distraction for about 14 hours, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,303790,23864067,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Apoc,"I actually picked this up because I enjoyed the more recent Spiders' games and I was waiting for the next. Entering the first fight I was surprised, it is more of a standard RPG instead of an action RPG like the rest. Even if it was their first, mechanically it's probably one of their best and more polished game to date. (I'm hoping for Technomancer to take the crown.) But since it is so short and with not that many fights, you don't have enough time to really enjoy it.It is also probably unfinished, the game simply ends abruptly, you expect a big boss fight, more worlds or at least some ending. Also don't be fooled by Steam, it is a 2010 game, not 2014 but it actually still looks decent. The second biggest flaw of the game (Beside the story being unfinished.) is the lack of voice acting. I don't think all games need voices but half the game is reading dialogues and the universe is interesting enough to benefit from some.I did not think playing a fairy could be this fun. The flying around actually works and feels good. Sure you will end up hitting some invisible wall and there's a lot of empty spaces but not being stuck in a corridor is refreshing. There are also multiple varied companions so you have diversity for combat. But they don't seems very fleshed out (Except maybe the first two.) and them loving or hating you does not seem to do anything, (Or at least nothing easily visible.) there a no good or bad alignement in the statistics and they never get new dialogue.Another interesting element is that some of your abilities actually shows on your character and improve as you uprgade your them. Like wings, horns, antennas or tattoos and same for the equipement, most are recolors but there are a few different models. Sadly companions level up by themselve, you can pick only their last ability and only between two choices, you also don't change their equipment. Despite all those options, battles are a bit slow and repetitives but I grew up playing those kind of RPG so I'm fine with it.Depending on how much value you put on your purchases, the full price might be a bit high but it's definitely worth it on sale for old-school rpg fans."
,Recommended,303790,25464819,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nyrissa,"Being able to fly freely is probably the best thing about this game. In other words, get this game only if it's on sale."
,Recommended,303790,12455941,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tynon_2112,"-----TL;DR----- at bottom.I did everything I could/knew to do except: missed out on some dialogue (especially between the companions - so much), left no more than 4 locations undiscovered throughout the 3 Mirrors (and I combed every World, damn), locked myself out of helping those in the poor district of the last world (grew tired of bein' called a goody-goody so I challenged 'em and yeah, 3 side missions I failed because of me merc’in ‘em).10 Hours Straight. It was awesommmme.Any time I've ever heard the term ""guilty pleasure,"" I've always associated it with certain females who, at times, indulge in, say, chocolate. Thus, I've never had a guilty pleasure of my own. Faery - Legends of Avalon is my first blatant guilty pleasure [unless a sequel is eventually made... ;( ]. I plan to play through this game at least twice more, even though my first run-through was on Hard and there’s no point in going again, other than for my own entertainment – thethethethethe game is just too fun and awesome.Should you also jump into the game on Hard, at first, you'll be like ""Oh, okay, I can dig it."" If you neglect to recruit your 2 Companions within a reasonable timeframe, you'll be like ""Humph, I wonder what the game is gonna do when I run outta potions? Am I just not gonna be able to make any progress at all without having to play the same party of enemies over and over til it synchs up just right and I actually win - will I just have to start the *blank* over?! The *blank*."" Then you burrow under the Tree through the first Mirror; having grasped the mechanics well enough--((WARNING: BE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN IN THE SKILLS YOU PICK, AS ONCE A CHOICE IS LOCKED IN, THAT'S IT. THERE'S NO PICKING A SKILL AND THEN LEVELING IT FULLY, TO THEN LEVEL ANOTHER ONE FULLY AND PICK BETWEEN THE TWO, NAW. TRY AND FIGURE WHAT SORTA FAERY YOU'RE GONN' RUN AS EARLY ON))--if you've been a serviceable sprite, having earned some good basic gear, you quickly discover that the game seems brutal, for all of five minutes (relatively). After that, even on Hard, combat isn't too much of a bother, just tedious at times. Once you are in combat, only one of the parties is leaving. No Pausing to Restart, no way out other than victory or defeat. Beware all ye who're impatient, though, if you are such a one, I’m not too sure what you're doin' checkin’ a game with a turn-based combat system... especially one so slight.Explanation: The ways in which you can level your Faery are such that, really, no two play-throughs should ever be the same. So many skills; what’s REALLY NICE about the game is that, every (level of a) skill changes your Faery’s appearance. I ended up with Butterfly Antennae and Wings with spiral designs emblazoned on them, as well as on my cheek, a Scorpion Tail and wispy blue orbs following me. These are the major areas in which differences in appearance show, but there are, what, 12(?)’ish skills?AGAIN, I WARN YOU, IF YOU HAVE A SET LOOK IN MIND, FIGURE WHAT SKILLS ARE NECESSARY FOR THAT LOOK; VERY QUICKLY, ACTUALLY WITH THE CHOICE OF YOUR VERY FIRST SKILL, YOU LIMIT YOURSELF DRASTICALLY IN TERMS OF CUSTOMIZATION.TO GET TO THE EXPLANATION Combat is what you’d expect from it being turn-based, if not watered down some. I was disappointed to find that little to no strategy was ever necessary; all 3 characters in your party are set to the same initial clock, that is: every member starts with their 1-Star (energy required to do the move) attack ready, their 2-Star will be ready next turn and their 3-Star (THE MAX NUMBER OF MOVES YOU GET IN A TURN PER CHARACTER) will be ready in two turns. So, if you’re getting slaughtered, all you have to do is have every member of the team survive two rounds and then you all can open up with y’all’s Area of Effect attacks and, from then on, switch between using your 2-Star+1-Star attacks and then the 3-Star when it recharges again, REPEAT(HEAL)REPEATREPEAT(HEAL)…The combat is not what makes Faery a great game, though; the concept is – the presentation of it. Few games have ever caught my eye as much as Faery did, really. I didn’t ever mind how obscure some of the objectives were or how much time it took to find them; the world is just gorgeous.MY ONE COMPLAINT: Your Companions Will Almost Always Be In Between Your Faery And The Camera, Meaning, When You’re Trying To Fly Around And Explore, You Have Half The Screen Taken Up By CROWDING COMPANIONS. It’s ridiculous. I can understand the dev’s not wanting to make the characters fade out, should the camera intrude too far into their bubble, but seriously: I’d rather have immersion breaking than this constant annoyance. BUT THEN I CALM MYSELF DOWN and remember that there’s no chance of action being randomly sprung upon me, I don’t HAVE to see at all times, go back to enjoying the game. Yes.-----TL;DR-----I look at Faery as an awesome exploration game that accompanies a quaint text adventure, with some turn-based combat thrown in to prevent the actual fun (flying around) from growing monotonous.MIND-BLOWING DEAL AT LESS THAN $3 (THOUGH, THE CLIFFHANGER ENDING could MAKE YOU INSANE...), prettyyyy good deal at $10, though, for that, they should have done better with the Achievements...EVERYBODY SHOULD BUY THIS GAME SO PERHAPS WE COULD GET A SEQUEL MAYBE POSSIBLY AT A FAR-REMOVED DATE PERHAPS? KIND OF?!"
,Not Recommended,303790,35070803,Posted: 19 September,all,AeroSlimshady,"One word to describe this game: unsatisfying. It starts off interesting, flying around is cool as heck, and the artstyle is neat, but you soon realize how utterly repetitive it is. Literally every quest is exactly the same and the choices it offers are boring and binary ""nice and mean"" options. There isn't any voice acting, which is fine, but the dialogue itself is an uninspired bore to read. The same five or so character models are reused over and over, the NPCs you meet are hardly memorable, there's only two armor sets, but with swapped color palettes, and leveling up doesn't feel at all rewarding. Oh, I almost forgot (since this game is so forgettable), the ending is probably one of the most disappointing things I've ever witnessed,"
76561198007580436,Recommended,303790,34945240,Posted: 14 September,all,obikwan,"Bought on sale recently with few expectations. The screenshots looked interesting :)Ended up completing it due to a combination of a decent story, characters and some very nice environments (especially the third and fourth worlds).The graphics are not the greatest but they get the job done. Lack of voice acting means a lot of reading, but I don't consider that a problem. Better to have no voice acting than to have bad voice acting. Combat is also not that complex, just pay attention to which enemies are vulnerable to which attacks, choose companions to adapt to enemy types and use potions if required.Overall, I liked it. Nice little diversion, would definitely check out a sequel...the story is incomplete without one."
,Recommended,303790,10892387,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ArchangelCas,"I managed to grab this pretty cheap during the summer sale, and I have to say I don't regret my purchase. Granted, I probably wouldn't pay much more than I did for it considering that it seems to be largely unfinished, BUT the graphics are nice and smooth and the overall look is just stylized enough to make it feel like a fantasy world without being too cutesy or too Tolkien-esque gritty. There are a lot of really good idea here, and it's a little disappointing that they don't seem to have been fully implemented. Still, it's fun to play and it harkens back to good, old-fashioned turn-based combat and questing from the Final Fantasy VII era without the tediousness of frequent random battles and mind-numbing level grinding. It's a nice, relaxing little game and I definitely recommend it for younger gamers as a stepping-stone to more immersive and indepth games in the same genre. Might end up buying it for my little brother and sister, as well as one of my nephews~!"
76561197980104060,Not Recommended,303790,11846795,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Dasorine,"Unfortunately short and lacking on depth, the game is rather pretty and still entertaining for a seemingly independantly made game.It attempts to bring some new mechanics to the turn based RPG and is worth playing to try them out, unfortunately its only the first part of the story and as such is over before it really gets going.Overall I would not recommend this to anyone looking for an extensive turn based RPG game to keep them occupied for a long time, but if your after an evenings play with something trying something a little different then you may find this entertaining."
76561198145074396,Recommended,303790,12453530,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,nandi,"Well, thats a fine small jewel.It makes some real fun. You dont have to kill every mob in sight, there are ways to solve some of the quest without force. But the turn based combat is fun to. A pity that there is no voice output."
,Not Recommended,303790,31857696,Posted: 20 May,all,.whitewolf,"It's playable but I did not enjoy it.The whole game feels like it is lacking something: The story seems unpolished, there is no voice acting, the world is mostly empty and the turn-based combat also adds to that feeling.Flying around was fun for a while, but in the end, I believe that mechanic did the game more harm than it helped.All in all, I find the game is mediocre and feels too rough. I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,303790,33898667,Posted: 30 July,all,OldTown_Phantom,"This is a great game with one fatal flaw; it's incomplete. The entire game builds up to the great climax, the start of a new war, and then ROLL CREDITS!!! And, as the game is several years old now, it's probably not getting a sequal any time soon. That said, the story is interesting, the combat is well done, you can create you own character, and the game really allows you to play how you want. If you want to play a more passive character, the game provides numberous oppritunities to avoid combat if you so wish. Or, if you wish your character to be more clever and cunning, there are ways to advance through lying and stealing. The game really has everything a good RPG needs except an ending. That said, if you see this game on sale, give it a play. It's a decent enough way to kill a few hours."
,Recommended,303790,25553016,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mogwai,"This game really is a treasure. Is it perfect? No. The combat is repetitive and not terribly complex, and as a lot of other reviews have mentioned, the game is fairly short and ends on a cliffhanger, with little hope for a sequel.But this game is just so darn charming. It's got a unique idea and a great design, and the atmosphere is just lovely. It's such a comforting game, not unlike a favorite bedtime story. Is it the deepest game in the world? No, but it's definitely worth your time and money.Who knows? Maybe if it sells well enough, one day we'll get the sequel this game so desperately deserves."
76561198069226896,Not Recommended,303790,10761380,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,passionpixie,"""Faery: Legends of Avalon is a big role playing game packed with a very distinctive ambience and graphic style."" - This is simply not true. Theres only about 10 hours gameplay and at the end it  says ""to be continued2.The game developers are not making the rest either. If Ihad known this was only hal a game, I wouldn't have bothered."
76561198044572074,Recommended,303790,10897664,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,idrilpuckfay,"Awesome Game! Its a great role playing game! The things you say tottaly change how others react to u, and what choices u can  make! And there are usually more than one way to go about doing somthing! U can really give your character a personality based on what they say! And the custimization for your Faery is pretty awsome! You can also choose what type of elements they use in their magic and equipment. The art designs of the world and characters are incredible and gorgeous to look at! And they have (for the most part) pretty acurate faery lore! Sadly, the ending dose leave on a cliff hanger, that was meant to continue in an as yet unmade sequal. But it was still very fun, and I feel it was worth playing."
76561198037517236,Not Recommended,303790,28963695,Posted: 2 January,all,The Minted Lady,"I couldn't play this game for very long. Irritating music and the graphics quality leaves something to be desired. The controls are not great--for a fairy, my character felt very heavy and hard to maneuver. The dialogue is also unskippable. If you start a conversation with a character, prepare to be there for however much time the game thinks you need to read something.I was interested in the idea: Playing a customized fairy out to save the magical realm from dying. Customization is very limited, however. Yes, you can choose a variety of skin and hair colors, but the hairstyles themselves are few. Needless to say, I didn't get very far in the game."
,Not Recommended,303790,12495741,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,AndresOnion,This game sure likes to crash and not launch at all.
76561198242876034,Recommended,303790,25461762,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,~.~FE~.~ jodipheonix,"I quite enjoyed the game.The fighting style is a bit different to what I'm normally used to , but.. it worked out in the end.The only gripes I have is-A few typos , and the acheivements.I finished the game in roughly 16 hours , yet the acheivements didn't unlock though they should have ?Also - I find the game too short.Would I recommend this game ?Yes I would. The storyline is good and enough to keep one interested , and the gameplay is easy enough to figure out .. The characters are awesome , the fantasy realms are awesome and the bosses are magnificient!"
,Recommended,303790,13675675,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,hellcat5,Surprisingly fun game.  I'm a fan of Spiders.
76561198093199044,Recommended,303790,10503087,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,PhoenixTears,Very Atmospheric game such a nice story love the final fantasy style fighting Awesome :D
76561197990978121,Not Recommended,303790,14815137,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jiburiruu,This game is boring and the gameplay is odd. The music is♥♥♥♥♥♥and there is no voice acting.
76561198063427726,Recommended,303790,25452442,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,lustidrike,Needs a sequel
76561198148780353,Recommended,303790,33206640,Posted: 3 July,all,TooManyMinions,"Bought because fairies, but played again and again for the flying. Short but entertaining, will forever hope for a sequel with 2017 graphics."
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,303790,33560048,Posted: 15 July,all,Fibulator,"It's dull and tedious. The islands are *very* empty... to make up for this, you are forced to talk to each person several times.  The quests are dull, and without voice over, seems *very* unfinished and dull.  I can play some real mind numbing games... but this one... I just want to end.  I got it on sale a while back... probably less than $2... and definitely not worth it."
,Recommended,303790,13642084,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ᴺʸˣᵒˡᵃˢ ᶜᵃᵍᵉ,"Do you want to be a gay elf?, then this is the game for you."
76561198068876824,Not Recommended,303790,15779574,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,no1schmo,"Honestly, I actually COULD recommend this game to a real RPG fan (like me) if it's on sale for like 2 dollars. I beat it in 7 hours, and that's with alot of time spent going back and forth, back and forth, talking to the same people over and over. All of the gameplay elements are actually competently executed, but, with such a short game, are really shallow and simplistic. The story is somewhat interesting but, again, too short and shallow to really get into, and it just ends, boom, with no resolution (or final boss!). The exploration/RPG aspects are NOT well done; oftentimes, you know what to do, but can't until you find the ONE guy to set you on the path (the path to speak to the OTHER guy, and you already knew you had to speak to that guy, but no, while you could just ask guy A what to do, you can't ask guy B unless directed). Even worse, however, is that the opposite will happen; you'll be told you need a MacGuffin, and suddenly you will get dialogue options to ask people about the owne of the MacGuffin, despite no one having told you his name. Several questlines were cut short via this short-cut, quite accidentally. Also, amusingly, the journal that tracks everyone you meet will sometimes tell you who characters are (relevative to the story) or what to do before the story actually gets that far. And don't expect character development; everyone is one note, period.So, sure, it's got a decent art design, acceptable sound and music, not a terrible system, and the story is midlly interesting, but between poor coding and simply being far too short and too shallow, there just isn't much to recommend about this game. As for replay value, barely; yeah, you can level your character differently and use different team members, but this isn't Baldur's Gate--these changes are very small, and the game is so easy anyway (I never once, not ONCE, used a healing item of any sort), that it's not a ""different experience"" to play like this. As for ""choices"" in the game, sure, there are; mostly, you can either complete fetch quests or just muscle your way through bad guys--that's it, that's your choice system. It's all the same in the end. You can also be an insufferable jerk if you like, but again, it doesn't matter. There is just no meat to this; it's too short, too simple, too basic, to warrant any real attention, except as a fun way to pass maybe a single day, or as an introductory RPG for a small kid."
,Not Recommended,303790,12308885,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,bandkanon,"Disappointing at the price. Graphics really not up to par. Occasional pretty scenes are ruined by limited execution, and unclear in-game controls. Repetitive jokes and unintentionally humorless interaction between the characters make this one  a dud. The combat system is excruciatingly slow and clunky, and over-drawn for the painful and repetitive battle music."
76561198054297474,Not Recommended,303790,19388677,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Elis_Eris,"There is no speaking, and fight are boring. Graphick not such great, and faery control isn't good.Game was desapoided for me"
76561198015621719,Recommended,303790,11282400,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tholos,Great game!If you are looking for an old school RPG with modern graphics this is it! Dark and gothic stroy line and atmosphere. I really hope they make a sequel. its steal for the price.
,Not Recommended,303790,14319651,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kroutons,...I don't even know...
,Not Recommended,303790,20198668,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,jayxan,"Bad, no voice acting. Sloppy controls. Bad UI. Dont get it."
76561198152333678,Recommended,303790,19193507,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Stream_Muse,This game is great but has become a failed opportunity. I had hoped for relationships with my companions regardless of sexes. Farewell Avalon farewell Selim you sexy beast
76561198007197608,Recommended,303790,32182560,Posted: 4 June,all,[S]almon,"I picked up Faery during a random Steam sale because it looked remotely interesting and didn’t expect too much when I started playing. The best way I can describe this game is as a short (it only took me 10 hours to beat while doing all the side quests), low-budget, JRPG-style game with a minimal amount of (mostly inconsequential) customization and player choice thrown in on top.I realize that doesn’t sound like a ringing endorsement, and it isn’t meant to be. Faery - Legends of Avalon isn’t going to be anyone’s idea of an amazing experience. That being said, Faery is still pretty fun, the setting is fairly unique and there are no major bugs or gameplay problems to contend with. It’s only $10 normally and you can frequently get it for less.I played Faery while I was traveling abroad and looking for something to do to pass the time when I got back to my room after exploring. If you have some time to kill (particularly if you’re in an area with a poor, or no, internet connection) this isn’t a bad choice."
76561198111672496,Recommended,303790,14758952,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,matthew.tobin01,"Have you ever wanted to fly? Maybe you even have in your dream. If so, this is the game for you. To me, there is nothing more exhilarating that my dreams of flying! Even though you are a male or female fairy, you are not some little weakling and are about the size of a normal being. There are also so many ways to customize your character, you'd be surprised. As you go about doing good deeds and solving problems, you meet buddies who help you fight monsters and may have their own side quests, too. I've not seen another game like this before. Why? Well, you're flying! And you really feel like it, too. Five out of Five Stars."
76561198035136308,Recommended,303790,11778845,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ShapeSphere,"Delightful and enchanting. While parts of the game (and its combat system) are a little quaint, it still retains a lot of charm. The ability to fly is easy to use and master - and means that your travels around the different worlds are a joy to behold. The characters and monsters are also exquisitely crafted - all providing a deep and evocative story."
,Recommended,303790,12476247,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jalabula Jens,Unique blend of RTS and RPG. Refreshing
76561198140435102,Recommended,303790,23998118,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,savvym,"So forth the game closed itself once and lags rarely.To the game, it is simply good, controls are quite hard to learn but you will get used to it as you are flying.It feels like fairy tale for kids and is simple, that you are the good and you fight against the bad.You have very little islands to play on filled with different creatures and many to fight.There are chests with armors and potions to find.Fight is simple turn-based strategy, you manage 3 characters maximum, at first you can only attack once then another character is on its turn, later you get more initiative and fight for example 3 times in a row or use power attack instead of 2-3 small attacks. There are physical & magical attacks and healing with potions or defensive magic.Game is very enjoying but simple and has RPG elements, as you progress you choose which skills you want to learn.I love this game for its unique approach and simplicity."
76561198047460745,Recommended,303790,12473130,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tubbs01,"A fun, layed back RPG with an interesting twist. You level up by, for lack of a better term, evolving you character. Get different types of wings, tails, horns and other ineresting attributes. Worth a play."
76561198056078790,Not Recommended,303790,11124402,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,tamperedsettings,I would only buy this game if it was five dollars or less.   It feels like they ran out of time and rushed to finish it.  Its incredibly short and the dialouge is meh.  There was even a miss spelled a word.  The enviorment needed a lot more detail and the character customization was very basic.  It had a good concept with a terrible execution.  Like i said i would not buy this unless it was on sale.
76561198037139831,Not Recommended,303790,11101000,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,mark_of_brechin,"An initially interesting premise Faery theme in a full 3D environment with a workable (if stock) overarching plot is badly let down by the repetative fetch quests, dialogue and combat. Companions are lifeless once recruited. Really if it wasn't for the levelling I would not have even bothered to get as far as i did. Uninstalled. Avoid."
76561198032074455,Not Recommended,303790,21334095,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Skindagger,Terrible graphics and LIERALLY no voice acting. Didn't stick around to pick out more flaws.
76561198236125554,Recommended,303790,17002522,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BuffyJane,beat the game already which is crap seeing how i still have more than 3 mirrors that aren't unlocked...Still unsure as how do  unlock them to keep playing... It says above i played it for 2.2 hours ONLINE! however offline i played it a total of 14hours and beat it...
76561198072380091,Recommended,303790,12455620,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"Well, this one is somewhat unique, you're flying around in a fairy tale world doing quests, combat is turn-based. Suitable for younger kids, as there isn't any blood or killing (as far as I've seen so far).The creators did a great job on the visuals, while they are probably not state-of-the-art in a technical sense, the world is beautifully designed, and everything does fit together nicely.Probably more of a kids game, but I still liked it."
,Not Recommended,303790,16671195,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Evyalectric,"Nice game, but it's unfinished, for my opinion.The charchers arn't speaking - they are writeing.OK back ground music, but I don't think it's thr right sound.No HUD, so what ever mission they're sending you to - you must ""guess"" where it is.I wish they would fixed it, it's looking ok, but it's needs more refubeshing.For now, It's not worth the money."
76561197972499865,Recommended,303790,12565011,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Not bad.
76561197964863315,Recommended,303790,12535692,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,lron99,"Great game. It is a cliffhanger, as no 2nd installment was ever made, but I really enjoyed my playthrough."
76561198022391714,Not Recommended,303790,30861375,Posted: 31 March,all,BaronessRomanova,"Linear game, which wouldn't be a bad thing if the items seemed to do much. There doesn't seem to be much change in what you pick when you upgrade your character or items you use, you can easily create a party which deal all types of damage.Status effects don't seem to effect you much & there doesn't even seem to be an ending to the game. It just cuts off where as if for a sequel pretty abruptly."
76561198021093114,Recommended,303790,21640281,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Alucard,I can finaly play as butterfly.
76561198052370389,Not Recommended,303790,26419686,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,King Kababa,"My playtime is so low because this game is utter garbage. The artwork is ""ok"" at best. Nevermind the lack of graphical nicities. The aesthetics are just weird and the world feels empty. Most importantly in my opinion the controls are clunky, frustrating, and basically unplayable. I'm not one to shy from reading in games but BOY is there a lot in this game. There is no voice acting either so it just feels unfinished. Just skip it."
76561197988083379,Not Recommended,303790,20691866,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Azirahael,"If this was still in development, it'd be worth getting.But, it's dead.buggy, unfinished, and the game just stops.Good potential, never realized.I got it when it cost $1"
76561198039861861,Not Recommended,303790,10743430,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AlphaCrimson,///////////////
76561198018171775,Not Recommended,303790,28883974,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,age11223344,for ages around 8 not what i expected
,Not Recommended,303790,20482259,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nipple Pubes,I'm going to be real with you..this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ everyone else is talking about in these reviews that I had read. This game is an endless quest of quests. You start with one quest and end up having 5 more after a conversation with one person. The animation is like watching 2 scenes out of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fairy animation movie for kids on repeat. A complete bore of a game and no ♥♥♥♥ing voice acting which makes the game really uninteresting.
,Not Recommended,303790,29430695,Posted: 22 January,all,Mike,"Probably the least inspired RPG I have ever played. Quest are boring, fights are boring, upgrade system is boring. Got this as part of the Spiders studio pack. Even if you do the same, don't waste your time playing this just play the others. They have their issues but are at least fun at times.More detailed review herehttp://funnfunnystuff.blogspot.co.za/2017/01/a-z-backog-challenge-faery.html"
76561198123725093,Recommended,303790,26111065,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,littleplaz,Good game wish they would make the sequel  :(
76561198046675266,Recommended,303790,29228914,Posted: 13 January,all,Dustin,"A really fun RPG game with the aspects of frree-ish roam adventure with the turn-based combat like Final Fantasy.This game feels much like Dragon Age (II) and Kingdom Hearts just with a weaker story and bland characters.Gameplay is still fun, just not as grasping.6/10"
76561198154629069,Not Recommended,303790,34805737,Posted: 7 September,all,kniff808,"Well, I thought I'd give this mysterious game a shot and was pretty let down right off the bat.  I got it for 2.99 and it still wasn't interesting at all. I gave it an honest shot, but it was just incredibly boring.  All the quests are fetch and kill quests and there is zero voice acting.  The graphics are very subpar and not exciting to look at.  I'm sure the developers worked very hard on it, but it just wasn't the game for me."
,Not Recommended,303790,12442339,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,Im so sick of games that dont offer a vsync option.I dont want to play a ♥♥♥♥ing game that has constant screen tearing PFF!!!
,Not Recommended,303790,10566298,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,alchiap,"Sad to say I did not enjoy this game. The text kept vanishing on me, so half the time I did not know what I was choosing. The custimization could be better and the graphics are not the best."
,Recommended,303790,34043279,Posted: 5 August,all,chinchillachocolate,I love faery legends of Avalon
,Not Recommended,303790,31537741,Posted: 4 May,all,Zerixar,ahah.  ha.  haahaha.  no.  can't remember what bundle i got this and mars: war logs in... but this minimal effort unity engine♥♥♥♥♥♥is laughable.  -1/10.
76561197999695604,Not Recommended,303790,25463687,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,niin,not good
,Not Recommended,303790,24552622,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,Boring.
,Recommended,303790,27449140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thejman09,LIKE POKEMON!
,Recommended,303790,10631085,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,biotta,"Want to take your mind off your personal daily madness for a few hours? Well, here you go!Easy, sweet storyline, riddles, turn-out combat and cute characters with well drawn out personalities awaits you. The player character has surprisingly alot of costumising features, a plus in my eyes. With around 1GB diskspace and low computer requirements in general, this game can be played with almost all setups and laptops.However, it does end with a cliffhanger and a sequel won't be produced in near futur if ever. Still, the game is its money worth and if you are the explorer type, you might end up playing this game for a mere 15-20 hours. Don't forget to make savegames!If you experience vanishing textboxes, just restart the game. Can happen if you get hooked and play nonstop =)"
76561198050428423,Recommended,303790,10671961,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dcsmall,"I bought this game because I wanted a break from a complicated, loads of characters and plots  game.Faery gave me that, it's light-hearted but also serious at times.You get to go to three completely different worlds, the Flying Dutchman ship, the giant Yggdrasil tree and City of Mirages, a town built on the back of a giant scarab making its way through a desert. The game's characters are charming and you can find yourself making friendships with them. The plot is great, containing twists and a cliffhanger that will leave you wanting more.I completed it in about 8 hours, including getting all the achievements.It's a fun game for teens that has some nice RPG elements and give you a break from some heavy stories.I give it 9/10.Only downside is that a second one isn't being produced and you need a second game to conclude the events of the first game."
,Recommended,303790,10593237,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CaptainJayhab,"Let me begin by saying the animation and the concept for this game are awesome. I enjoyed playing it a lot, and if you don't mind not having a real ending, I definitely reccommend it.However, that's the major problem here. There is no real ending. Faery: LoA was apparently supposed to have a sequel, and it never got made. It's VERY obvious this game was created with the intention of being continued in later installments. If you're the kind of person who likes gameplay just for gameplay, then go for it. However, if you want some kind of closure at the end, you are out of luck."
76561198116786626,Recommended,303790,10555563,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,"Faery - Legends of Avalon is an old school turn based role paying game. It is good fun and has a very creative storyline. The characters and environments are also well creatively designed. The animations and graphics nicely done and helps you to be immersed in the game. Sound effects are created well and compliments the environments you are in.The game however is a little short and not as challenging as I was expecting. The game play is fun and there is a lot of customization available as you character levels up. Controls work well whether you are using mouse and keyboard or joy pad.The side quests can get a little annoying when you get about have way through the game. There is no voice acting within this game, so this may get a little annoying after a couple of quests. I do recommend reading through the game as the storyline is quite good.Overall, I do recommend this game for its well creative worlds and nice fantasy storyline. The draw back is that it is a bit short."
,Recommended,303790,10990764,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,"A bit buggy to start, and it does seem to crash on my laptop but it's still worth it. Get it on sale. Loads of easy going fun -- a bit mindless around the final level. would i do it again? yes! Oh, and only took about 8 hours to get all acheivements."
76561198022038866,Recommended,303790,11472058,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,kerfthon,I love the game and it's story! My only regret is that the game is so sort and it is unlikely that any continuation or expansion will happen. It is fun and I love flying around without restriction.
,Recommended,303790,17077337,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,jellis121,This is not a long game for an RPG. Its 7 hours and its very RPG lite. The ending is abrupt and its basically half a game. Yet I enjoyed all seven hours. If you can get on sale do it. The mechanics of flight are a lot of fun. Just know its incomplete and right would it should be ramping up its over
,Recommended,303790,18828278,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Seregelda,"liked it, but wished it was longer/had more worlds to explore"
76561197971663658,Recommended,303790,18169915,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,alkemmy,"On balance, a tad more to recommend this one than not to do so.  It's somewhat basic for the approved age range (12+) and would really be suited to under 10s, as a ""my first video game"" offering, but as nit contains killing, they can't get away with a lower age approval.  Tough!  The charming graphics would make it ideal as a starter game.  It's a bit clumsy at first until you learn how to zip through the dialogue, which is all text and needs to be read, and isn't in a large, clear font, so some straining is inevitable.  It has elements of RPG in that you interect and have some minor choices of action and dialogue and you get to level up and select attack styles, but the combat is turn-based, like Might and Magic, so it really just a game of hit-point-numbers when you get right down to it.  The music becomes infuriating after a short while so playing in silence is advised.  Like many games, you need to play a while and get into the storyline before it has a chance to draw you in...I'm, still waiting for that to happen.Additional: now played for a while, and although it seems pleasant enough for young players, it's not truly drawing me in, as a seasoned player.  Seems to be fiddly and hair splitting where some of the fetch-and-carry quests are concerned.  I'll still leave the recommendation as I'm sure a lot of players out there don't have my depth of experience with games like this and might find it more of a draw."
76561198077515563,Recommended,303790,17907821,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,FreeBJs4Carry,"I thouroughly enjoyed playing through Faery. The diversity of companions and NPCs gave me a feeling of choice, on par with the leveling system (you can specialize in many things). I just wish this had been a complete game.I've read in other reviews that it was meant to be the first part of a triolgy, but to be honest I would rather all three parts have been held together as one (if the whole triolgy thing was for marketing purposes, they could have just made us buy part one originally, then unlock part two and three).I do hope that the rest of the story will come to life, otherwise I would be very dissapointed of how much time I invested in the game only for it to fall through. Still, I enjoyed the experience, as I haven't seen another RPG that allows you to move around in flight, eliminating a lot of movement restrictions that surface in other games."
76561198043671770,Not Recommended,303790,17885469,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mutini,"Maybe Ive been spoiled by just about every other game Ive ever played but Faery-Legends of Avalon just is not all that exciting.  I got so sleepy during just my first 3 hours playing it that I had to stop playing.  To me that says a lot.  Its a cute game but thats about it.  Something little kids would probably enjoy.  The graphics are simple, the playing landscapes are extremely small(which makes the ""go find these things"" quests very quick and easy), and the combat is terribly mild.  I would have returned it but I only paid a couple of bucks for it on sale.  Maybe Ill get REALLY bored someday and finish it."
76561198007238116,Recommended,303790,17881031,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Megdusa ♥,"I bought this game during the September sale for $2.49 and I think it is worth that price, but definitely not worth the normal price. I very much enjoyed the world and character design, but nearly everything else about the game is boring and repetitive. The combat is simplistic and completely unchallenging, and the quests are all of the fetch variety and largely tedious ones requiring little thought. The game is also very short, 100% completion taking me roughly 7 hours. The character customization is good, but that and the aerial exploration of a very pretty world from a diminutive perspective are the only real draws. I still enjoyed my time with it. Worth a couple bucks, but don't bother after it comes off sale."
76561198098417443,Recommended,303790,18064787,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mysti_Fogg,"I give this game 3/5 stars.First the good: Do you ever dream of flying? I do sometimes, and this game has captured something of the feel of the weightlessness and mobility of that dream. I could play for at least a few hours enjoying the twisting and turning of being a leaf on the wind.It also has a pirate ship sequence that can't help but make me feel like I'm Tinkerbell in a Peter Pan play. And that is simply fun.I also think the music is soothing, just the kind of thing I want to listen to when I'm flying around.The leveling system is unique. You gain various faery attributes as you level up, choosing between different sets of wings or tattoos that give you different abilities. It was entertaining.Now to the middling qualities of the game:In terms of RPG plotting, this is pretty much baby's first adventure. If you're looking for something to get younger children into gaming, this might do it. There's not anything really scarey, no one is permanently killed even when they're defeated in battle, and the game usually offers two solutions: one that is peaceful and one that is a straight up battle. It also provides a scenario in which there are no good options. You will either need to fight or lie to get what you want. So I give it some credit for a level of moral complexity.It was not a difficult game. I think I used a light healing potion 5 times total. There's no way to adjust the difficulty.It uses a combat system very similar to JRPGs.The bad:It was unvoiced.It required a lot of wandering around talking to people asking if they had heard of any of the parts of the solution to the puzzles. If it were a walking game, I'd call it a walking simulator. Fortunately, the flying improves this situation.It's short. Though I give them credit that the $9.99 price is fair for what you get, and if you wait for a Steam Sale you can usually get a bargain at under $3.00.In the end, I'm glad I bought it. It was enjoyable, and I'll probably play it again some time because of the flying and the leveling system. But if you're looking for something serious or challenging, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,303790,17975398,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Emile_Therese,"Basically a very, very poor man's Dragon Age except with traditional turn-based combat. However it does have some unique features that made me really enjoy it and lament that there will never be a continuation of the story:-Unique concept.-You can FLY! Really fast too. Never seen this in an rpg before.-When you level up you give your character new abilities and upgrade them by changing their appearance. For example, if you give them butterfly wings you get a lightning spell, a scorpion tail and you get a poison attack, etc."
,Not Recommended,303790,13757263,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ornate Chaos,"TL;DR at the end.I openly admit this game was mainly geared toward females, but as I am one, I found that I thoroughly enjoyed the art style and story. You play as a fairy reawakened from statis inside a crystal to take on the quest of saving the magic in the world.What makes the environments so solidly interesting is that they truly make you feel the size of a fairy. A tree is the size of a skyscraper! A seagull is a monstrosity that could swallow you whole! The story is steeped in the mythology of various cultures - Norse, Greek, and Middle Eastern in particular. True, it's not graphically on par with games released this year, but that didn't detract from my enjoyment of it.What did that was the incomplete story line. Be warned, all who may consider buying and enjoying this game, that it was created to be part one of a series and the studio currently has no plans to begin work on part two, citing that the game did not sell well enough to merit it. I knew upon buying it that the game is relatively short, but the sudden cliffhanger at the end was jarring for me. I enjoyed the game enough that I immediately searched to discover a release date for a sequel, only to find that disheartening news. So if you're already dying inside waiting for Half-Life 3, don't torture yourself any further by adding something else to your waiting list. If you're okay with (at least for now) having to imagine for yourself what happens to the world of Avalon after your final discussion with Oberon, buy away. But I would advise looking to catch this title on at least 50% off.TL;DR: Solid game if you're into faeries and turn-based RPGs, but the ending is a cliffhanger for a sequel that will probably never come. Buy it on sale if you're okay with that."
,Not Recommended,303790,13742239,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,shaijis,"It was... cute, if short and incomplete. The whole ""be a faery, save the world"" felt fresh and refreshing and the plot certainly had promise, but in the end... the worlds were too small and empty to explore and the game just... *snaps fingers* ended. There was supposed to be a sequel but still... that was wayyy too rushed and, you know, lazy. All in all, the game was well worth the 2,5€ I paid for it but double that and I would've felt cheated.Not really recommending it, no. But it's worth a try when it's on sale."
,Recommended,303790,13912253,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The man who sold the world,"So, I have finished this game, and what can I say...It's rly very good story, where tales from our childhood becomes real.You will set off on a fairy journey through the mystical world of tails and 	myths full of adventures and dangers.Become part of this fantastic world and plunge into the atmosphere of magic. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,303790,13861845,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,will824,"Please read till the end :)I got this game for USD 5 and  being aware of the criticism from some users, stating the Game was not completed.And I am glad to had bought it. I spent 14 hours playing this game and exploring the available worlds of Avalon and I can say:- The game was undoubtedly developed as a first part of a continuous saga, which seems it never came.- The game play is quite simple and the options limited- The skills and weapons systems feel a bit unpolished.- Re-playability is not highAnyway, errors are always easy to point.Still, at the end the most important thing is to enjoy the experience and definitely that was what happened to me while playing this game. This game gives you the feel the developers actually invested a lot of effort and somehow it just kept coming to my mind that this is one of those games that was developed with passion and love. It might sound silly but thats my main point.Any of you that is fond of not too complex RPGs with a gorgeous environment should give this title the opportunity to surprise you."
76561198019081002,Recommended,303790,10874741,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Johnny Archer,The game is short but fun for anyone who enjoys the turn based RPG.  Combat was easy but the story was inovative IMO.  A good distraciton from every day life.
,Recommended,303790,11007210,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PenguinColada,"I'm really not sure if I would recommend this game or not. The story is cute, the flying is fun, the characters are adorable, but I'm having so many issues.For one, I think that there should be more customizing options for your characters. All the female faerys look the same.Another thing is that the game is not well optimized. I am running this game on a beast of a machine and, during the pirate level, I am yanking my hair out because of all of the lag. Also, there's so much stuff on the pirate ship that it is so difficult to fly. There should be an option to walk at least.I don't so mind the lack of voices, but all of the music sounds the same and it kind of gets on one's nerves. Also, sometimes the words will ""wig out"". They will become distorted and unreadable, making my game experience lacking.With all that being said, I do enjoy this game (save for the pirate level)."
76561198100405453,Recommended,303790,11220852,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,wertasgh,"alot of this review sounds negetive but since this game is fun and cheap it makes up for its negatives in way i think most people who would consider buying this game would appreciate. for example, the game is quite short so you'd be glad to be finished it before most things would annoy you, but then i can say for sure how patient you are. this game is suprisingly fun, though like i said it did seem kind of short, especially when i didn't even know i'd completed the game until the credits started. i liked the graphics and the story was quite good too, though there could have been more to it.simple and easy to understand turn-based game, if you've played any other turn-based game at all you'll understand this no problem. the only problem with this is that it remains rather simple for the entire game, even though you gain levels and get new skills it just doesnt feel as though damage increases that much throughout the game. basic attack damage is pretty much always double digits for the entire game and because of this there isnt a strategic reason to use buffs or status effects that aren't attached to regular attacks. the advantage in damage gained by increasing your attack doesnt make up for the damage lost by using it since even most enemies (including bosses) are pretty quick to die.its very much just identify your strongest attack against the enemy you're fighting and then spam that attack (healing in many cases isn't even needed). thats the same for everything including boss fights, which i would have liked to be a bit more than just basic enemy fights but with more health and strength, all that means is that you have to heal 1 or 2 times in the fight. they lacked diversity so no need to strategise. that could get boring after a while but like i said previously, the game probably isnt long enough for that to happen."
,Not Recommended,303790,12229529,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Elric of Grans,"Sadly, this game did not meet expectations.  While pretty, full of good ideas and initially quite interesting, once you pick away the veneer you realise it is just a hollow experience.  The game provides an illusion of variety, but most of the options are irrelevant.  The story seems interesting, but its progression is quite wooden and uninspired.  The environments are interesting, but running back and forward (often a little lost) quickly becomes thoroughly boring.  The game seems to be a little glitchy too, frequently freezing up when you move around the environment.  The concept was good, but it lacked substance and polish."
,Recommended,303790,12305753,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,versa,"A fantastic game with lots of detail to its world and an unexpected use of the Z-axis/ the ability to fly freely around.  Quests get a bit tedious and repetitive, and despite obvious strategy branches, combat is never truly difficult. The character development system makes up for the repetition by keeping everything fresh as your character evolves, and equipment isn't given the standard RPG treatment;  instead, you can equip items which directly boost your powers (for more of a boost in 'sets').  Want to be a good healer?  Equip the wand and robe of healing!  Overall, pretty light RPG fare which I found to be thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,303790,12440823,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","I'm almost split on this one. I recommend it because I enjoyed playing it mostly, it is cheap and quiet unique.Details: 100% playthrough in around 6 hours. All achievements can be easily gotten off the game.You're playing a flying fairy and get around four worlds where you do some item-hunting quests, find companions, solve problems and plunder treasure chests. There are some turn-based battles encountered.Some Problems might be solved by either battle or item-hunting. Most quests require you to fly around and talk to the right person. Thankfully you are a fast flyer and traverse the small worlds in seconds.The worlds and ideas are fairly original and worth exploring and that's the game's strong point. Flying around in games is good as are unique settings.Bad points: some tedious quests, story ends on a cliffhanger and it is implied that the rest was cut so there'll never be a resolution to the story. (notice the number of standing mirror portals) Fighting is somewhat boring but multiple companions to choose from and few battles in total counter that.Some monsters might be too scary for young kids to play. Otherwise a good youngster game.Oh and on my Windows 8.1 the game minimizes all the time..."
,Not Recommended,303790,12450630,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rycor,"There was no voice acting, which was made worse when the script boxes started glitching so I could only read half of the text.Oh...and one of the opening lines ""'Twas was a age of legend""..."
76561198029723954,Recommended,303790,12452773,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,mprimell,"Seeking a very simple 100% acheivement ""Perfect Game""? This one is it!Seeking a game that takes 10+ hours to finish, look elsewhere.It's a very pretty game and I particularly like the way your avatar changes based on the choices of gear and magical upgrades. Combat is fairly simple and the spell graphics are rather nice. The immersion of feeling very tiny, at times, was interesting.I wish the other mirrors worked. I wish it was longer. I wish there was a genuinely difficult quest to complete. I won't spoil the end but I wish that was different as well.Do I recommend? Yes, but base it on price. I got it in the sale at 75% off and feel it was worth that price."
76561198039611961,Recommended,303790,12457094,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Masamune,Really cool game
,Recommended,303790,10671508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Doku-Sama,"Not the best game ever, but not the worst.There is no real end, but still fun and uncommon quests. I really liked to be a fairy and traveled around those magic worlds.Everything is a bit easy (fights, companions approval...) but I had a nice time.Recommanded if you like fairy tales and if you can buy it at sale price ;)"
,Not Recommended,303790,12532110,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Daring R. Dashington,"Faery - Legends of Avalon is a turn based RPG story game. It centers around the main character that you create solving the problems in a given world before advancing forward in the next one. Faery, however, is an incomplete game. All the mechanics are there, the gameplay, the story, even the combat system. All these things just need more work put into them before it is complete. This game has a beautiful artsyle and is executed well graphically. I found myself drawn to this game in the first place because of the graphics. But graphics DON'T make a game. The story is pretty generic. It had its moments but all in all it is very predictable. Go to place y, fix thing x, solve problem z, return to me for your reward type of deal. This playstyle is amazing for games like Skyrim and Mass Effect and generally RPG games as a whole. However those games give you a sense of adventure, fullfillment and endless possibilities. They have substance to back it up. Faery seems to desperatly want to provide that to the player but just falls short. This is a shame cause I think the game could have actually been something. I found myself wanting to like this game so much as I played but I was ultimately dissapointed. If Faery was put back into development and polished up, given a more wholesome stroy and a better dialog, I would have no problem giving it a 9/10. But as it sits, I couldn't justify more than a 5/10."
,Recommended,303790,12430929,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Enigma-0,"For those of you who have troubles getting the game to start up: install this(http://www.nvidia.com/object/physx-9.14.0702-driver.html), restart your Steam, and it SHOULD work! It helped my game.I found the demo for this game back on the PS3 several years ago, downloaded it, engaged in it and got sad when the demo was done. So far I'm pretty much enjoying this game. There is no voice acting, which is a bit weird to me after having played through so many games that involve voice acting, but it's not terrible! I almost wonder if voices would ruin it, and it allows you to imagine how the characters would sound, without the disappointment of the characters actually not sounding like you imagined.So far the story is engaging. It's kind of fast paced but at the same time slow, if that makes any sense. It definitely isn't slow to the point where you aren't engaging yourself, but also not too fast so you're missing things. The artwork, to me, is a bit weird and the outlines are jagged, but that just might be my computer.As for the controls, I wish the mouse sensitivity was able to be set a bit higher. I'm one of those people that like it when the camera can turn fast without having to lift my mouse to move it three times just for it to rotate 90 degrees. The controls are still giving me h*** and I keep trying to use control to fly faster instead of shift. Overall it's pretty fun being able to fly as a fairy instead of having to walk or run everywhere. You can zip around fast! The combat system is turn-based, and fighting is an option to solve many quests, but it's not the only option! You actually have peaceful options to work around some quests. Which is nice if you're trying to play a more peaceful character. You also have the options to be nice/mean as well.Overall I definitely think this game is fun, and definitely worth it at a low price (I got it 75% off, yay!). I've heard that it hasn't been finished and won't be finished, but I'm not sure if that's true or not. Either way, for what it's worth so far, it's an enjoyable and slightly different game than others I've recently played."
,Recommended,303790,11819823,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Toasty,"A simple yet charming RPG. You'll get maybe 10 hours of gametime out it if you're pausing to take breaks every now and again, but if not, you'll find the game a very short playthrough, even if you're a perfectionist. The characters are all fairly unique and decently fleshed out, although the lack of voice acting can be a little jarring at times.Combat's fairly simple turn based, and for the most part, not really difficult. It can be a little tedious though. Luckily, through some missions, combat's actually avoidable if you'd prefer to solve your issues through non-violent means. Look out for various references to well known story-book critters such as the trolls from The Hobbit and more.Ultimately, the game itself is good, but be prepared for disappointment as the story ends on a cliffhanger with no sequel likely to pop up in the future. And after spending a few hours free flying around strange little worlds, you're really going to wish there was."
,Recommended,303790,11840420,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Rogue_In_the_Shadows,Its an okay game but there were alot of story repeats. I wanted to play longer like haveing to go to more worlds and maybe I could. Id need to play it once more to figure that out. But the character's in the game were somewhat interesting.I recomend it for the story slightly but more of the art and the way the character you have adapts.
76561198027533742,Recommended,303790,12469618,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[-NoE-] Wovaviwaa,"This game is a short colorful adventure. Short due to the obvious unfinished state. Still the time spent playing is well worth it. You, a fairy recently awakened from stasis have to travel to different worlds inhabited by creatures from folklore and mythology. Gathering companions and solving problems are a large part of the adventure.For a rpg game it gives a standard customization for skills and looks, the npcs will react to your conversation choices and you can take an aggressive or pacifist stance to most situations. The lack of any voice acting can become tedious. The turn-based combat is satisfying and the enemy variation is great.Try out this game for a look at something different than the usual fantasy themed game. The graphic style and atmosphere is unique. Sadly the game ends halfway in and you can't help but feel it would have been so much better in it's finished state."
,Recommended,303790,11066427,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bleys,"I very much enjoyed this game it was light and fun. The flitting around like a flying fey on speed was quite enjoyable. Much of it's appeal come from that and also the realization that your character is really tiny as seen when you encouter the seagul in the 1st chapter.The turnbased combat was a bit of a let down, it reminded me too much of many JRPG style combats. I am not a fan of that style of combat.  This game would of been better as a first person shooter style RPG.The dialog and discussion choices were not bad for an RPG, in no way the worst. The plot and story was interesting. As were the quests you had to do. Also the style of leveling up with the choosing new physical features that upgraded your powers was a good idea.One f the big issues is it is over way too quick. Though it seems the 1st of a series. Or maybe there will be more chapters through DLC."
,Recommended,303790,11020889,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Naestra,"Short, but fun !First, what I didn't like : Graphics a bit old, a little difficulty at first to really master the controls and the turn-based combats and the absence of real ending ...But I loved the game anyway, the character creation and evolution throught your choices are pretty fun. What I loved most was the legendary places and characters you encounter, as a big fan of all kind of stories, I loved to have a meddley of legends. I also enjoyed the fact that you can choose (in most quests) the peacefull or the hard way to solve a problem, i's not really advanced but it's nice."
76561198123229706,Recommended,303790,11567220,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Low Level Champ,"Honestly, who doesn't want to fly around like a fairy? Excuse me, Faery.7/10. Only cons genuinely that make me enjoy it less is: no voice overs, gaming reminiscent to that of early game boy battles, choppy video scenes.Otherwise, I enjoy just how different it is from my norm."
,Recommended,303790,10681906,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nymstar,"I loved this game. I had 22 hrs of game play and I enjoyed every second of it.BUT so far there are 4 worlds to discover and where the main quest is taking place in, there aren't much sidequest and the game would become a trilogy of three games. Till now this one is the only one, and they aren't planning on making the second part, let along the third. This is because the game isn't selling good enough, or something like that.If anyone knows more about this, pleeeeeeeaaase let me know!Thanks!"
,Recommended,303790,13234192,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,"Enjoying this game, haven't finished. I like how the sections are broken up between different areas. Allows for travel in three dimentions which a plus. The storyline is pretty basic and there is not a lot of choice. Still would recommend it though."
,Recommended,303790,16486113,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,Not your grandmother's sort of faery heh
76561197964789601,Recommended,303790,30625351,Posted: 19 March,all,Einnvaldr,"I'll go ahead and recomend this game, but only if its cheap. It's a fairly standard final fantasy style turn based game with an uninspired story, zero voice acting, and music that sounds like theres only two tracks. One track for out of combat, one for in.It get points for being cute and casual. Its not too serious, it's not life or death.The graphics are decent, the gameplay works. Haven't encountered any bugs."
76561198069801102,Not Recommended,303790,19587153,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,The only row,Possibly one of the worst turn based RPG's I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,303790,19427088,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TheAznul,"There is an unsolved problem with this game where it will not play on computers with up to date drivers. The game will open, give an error message, and close when the message is closed. If the message is not closed, the game will never finish loading. So, lose-lose. Do not buy this game until this is fixed."
76561198089376111,Not Recommended,303790,19941966,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sezensteal,"I want to be able to recommend this game because from what I have played of it, it seems really fun. Unfortunately I am unable to do so because it does not work after the first load :(I purchased it on the 23rd Dec and played for about 90mins without issue. But when I attempted to play again the next day, it would not load. A quick Google search reveals several people have also had this issue in the past and suggest a problem with the driver. Re-installing this however caused registry errors which prevented my computar from restarting and had to be restored to factory settings (as the system restore would not work and nor would the laptop boot in safe mode).On the plus side this means all software issues are gone and everything should be fine, right? Sadly not. I reinstalled and again, it appeared fine and I played for about half an hour maximum before stopping but whe I attempted to play the game again (ninety minutes later max) it would not load.No way am I touching any files again after losing three years of memories and I can hardly be expected to re-download every time I wish to play. My gf has contacted the publisher today but obviously am awaiting a response.From what I was able to play of the game, as I said, it seems really fun. The flying mechanic is smooth and the combact isn't too challenging, whilst the customisation when levelling up adds a personal feel to the game that I like. My gf wants it on PS3 so if that version has no issues then perhaps I can enjoy this after all. But for now, I'd suggest people be cautious of the Steam version in case you have the same issue as I (and if you don't then I am very jealous)."
,Recommended,303790,23629026,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Evernessα.™ (Sarenais Ruenoire.),"The game is magical and fun. For anyone who enjoys slow paced choice style RPG's that have a simplistic charm, this one will not dissapoint. For the price, I heavily enjoyed it. The graphics are like water colors and look very quaint."
,Recommended,303790,23837212,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,scarlexy,"It's pretty short, and fairly repetitive between the 4 'lands'  you go into.I rarely play the same game long enough to finish it, or ever return to do so, but this one I did...Now that their other game has been finished, I would like to see a sequel"
76561198062012216,Recommended,303790,20792734,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,visier777,"The gameplay is pretty basic JRPG, the sidequests are unimaginitive. On the other hand - the setting is not overused (unlike many other games), and the story and characters are somewhat engaging.Bottom line: if on sale - grab it."
,Recommended,303790,29399142,Posted: 21 January,all,a55a55in71,"When I first saw this game I was very intrigued, so decided to buy it. I wasnt disappointed. The storyline is very well written and the concept is fantastic. There a couple of issues that I found with the game ;the first is that there is a button called Delete Session Data, I thought that it would remove all of the query searches I had done and the list of videos I had saved - not so.....it removed the 'watched' status for every video I had watched up to that point and I had watched about 1/3 of them....grrrrrrrthe second issue is the search facility combined with the user tags. for every video you can add your own user tag which then becomes searchable. the problem is that every video has a BLANK default user tag which is searchable!!!! This means that all you have to do to watch every video is to search for the word BLANK, watch the 5 videos it gives (removing the BLANK tag for each) and then search again for the word BLANK - rinse repeat until all videos have been watched. This would totally defeat the object of being a detective and piecing the story together.all in all, a very good and enjoyable game"
,Recommended,303790,27548312,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D. Koi,"Not bad, not great. Doesn't have an ending.... Has an end... but no ending.If you wan't to kill some time then go for it."
,Recommended,303790,27524958,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,scyphr,"Very casual, but polished and fun to play."
76561198040488723,Recommended,303790,20284745,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"A beautiful game, you'll like it if you like legends of the fairy folk, also it allows to play like a more traditionnal RPG (with fights etc) but also most of the time to look for clever ways to solve the quests instead, it's really up to you to decide how you want to play this game."
,Recommended,303790,28172810,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"I played the demo on the Xbex 360 and didn't like it then, but this is actually a pretty good Turn-Based RPG. I enjoyed the combat and some of the level designs, but sometimes things where hard to find and I didn't really care for the story and its open ending."
76561197966516276,Not Recommended,303790,30346070,Posted: 5 March,all,nightshark,I do not regret buying this for one reason. I only play $2.25 for it over a year go. It was exactly what i expected a casual RPG turn based combat. Interesting story... however. The story just gets going after the first 3 mirrors and you figure out what is going on. Then you go back talk to Oberon and after a long conversation the game is over no matter what choices you make. If you can find it for a couple dollars or don't expect a finished product go for it. Otherwise stay away as it's an unfinished product and that's saddening.
76561198170310923,Recommended,303790,34889774,Posted: 11 September,all,Poppydot,I have been playing this game since I bought it and can't put it down for long!The story is immersive and even though there are no voiced dialogue from the characters you have to read the story it dosn't matter in fact I think I am enjoying it better as you can invent what they sound like for yourself.The music that accompanies the game is very relaxing and atmospheric and all in all the whole thing is really well done.I would only say that the fights can be a bit slow as it is turn based as you control a group but as I am getting more powerful and understanding how it all the spells work it is becoming enjoyable just stick with it.I have only played 8hrs but I thought its enough to give a review.To sum up if you enjoy an immersive magical world with an array of lovable characters this is the game for you!
76561198095870932,Recommended,303790,34886131,Posted: 11 September,all,awatar4001,game is very nice only i thing is little to short few hours and no more will be grate if they will make loots updates and make this game mutch longer to play
76561198339712053,Recommended,303790,33686468,Posted: 20 July,all,Joseph Stalin,This game is 11/10 rating. I grew up with turn based combat games such as Lord Of The Rings and Heroes Of Might And Magic. The fact that you can fly and it is open world.... amazing!! Now i have many games and I have played thousands of games over the years but this one is one of the best. I bought this as a developers package..(I am ashamed to say i got the package for Orcs and Men and Bound By Flames and Faery was a bonus) and today was the first time i played it after 3 weeks of owning it. I have a very short attention span but this game kept me playing for 3 hours till 11pm. I can not recommend this game enough
