user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,304030,15088557,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Long Beard,"Oh Boy... where to start? As you can see, I've sunk lots of time into this game.One of the most amazing MMO's I've ever played that has everything, yet made thoroughly unenjoyable by the mechanics, hackers, and cash cow decisions by the publisher.Archeage has it all. PVP, PVE, Ships, Boats, Piracy, Farming, Harvesting, Crafting, player housing, good graphics and if the greedy developers weren't so well, greedy I'd still be playing.So to the bad and why I quit.1. Hacker & Exploits. At launch and for a few months after it, hackers were able to exploit some serious flaws in the game that allowed them to become super super wealthy whilst legitimate players struggled.  This shafted the economy which as of now (March 2015) is in one hell of a mess with everything on the AH incredibly expensive.  Hackers were able to land grab very early on and as land was in such high demand, people would pay silly money for a small farmhouse.  It's only now due to the fact most people have left the game that land is available all over.3. Labor. In this game if you want to do anything related to farming, you spend labor points which once spent, regenerate over time. Now here's the giggle. If you log off, overnight you will generate enough labor points for around 10 mins of farming.  If you stay logged on, permanently, you'll gain double.  This system is designed to make money from the Korean player base who pay per hour for internet use. It has no place in the western market.  It's the main reason I quit the game.4. Gear. The best gear is crafted. Unfortunately the crafting system is so RNG based the only way you'll get gear is to buy it but because the economy is so borked, the good gear is so rediculously priced it's unreachable for the majority of players. I worked out that one bow was around £600 real money if you bought enough apexes to buy it.  Generating that kind of income can only be achieved via hacking.  What this ultimately has lead to is a small majority of players with the gear being able to one shot people in PVP.5. Cash Cow Attitude .Going back to point 3. Run out of labor? No problem, you can buy a Labor pot from the cash store or for around 100 gold on the AH.  Want to improve your gear, you'll need to play the RNG game with uber rare items. Don't worry though you can buy these uber rare items from the cash shop.. Want to sell your property? You'll need some appraisal tickets available from the cash shop.  Want that awesome weapon? Buy APEX from the cash shop and sell in game for gold.... The list goes on.6. The don't like constructive feedback if it's not positive.  I made only 2 posts on their forums, one was about how the labor system was hurting the game and driving players away. A couple of weeks later I tried to log into the forums and found my forum account had been 'permanently' banned. lol...  I created a support ticket which 2 months later is still unanswered. lol  This for me was actually the straw that broke the camels back and 3 days ago, reluctantly I cancelled my 4 accounts.7. Epic player abandonment. I've never experienced such an over subscribed game at launch which became void of players within 6 months. At the start the you had to queue for hours to get on. Land was so in demand, some folks after 3 months still could not find any free. Property was sold for silly amounts.  Every square inch of farming land was occupied. Fast forward 6 months later and land is available everywhere.  Go to arena and it's the same OP geared players over and over.8... I could go on.9... I could go on10. I've lost motivation to continue listing the reason this game is one to avoid.All in all Archeage is a truly ground breaking MMO that is a victim of poor management and greed. It's such a shame because in the right hands this would be an MMO to invest all your time in.Seriously, just avoid it and spare yourself the inevitable pain and frustration that will come from playing this game."
,Not Recommended,304030,15064918,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Ultric,"This game is the perfect example of tons of potential with a horribly flawed execution.What you expectIncredible mix & match combat system involving combining various kinds of spellsets to create your own dynamic playstyleA wonderous epic adventure, accomplishing quests, traversing the world by land, sea and even airCarve out your own little piece of the world and place your house in public for all to seeCrafting/Harvesting system that also takes place in the open worldWow! What a great list of features! I was sold on this game right away, even made the decision to go in on Archeum. Let's see how that turned out:What you getYou know what I was hyped about? Making a guy who absolutely destroyed everything while nicely playing a banjo/flute to aid in my path of destruction. What ArcheAge delivered was one or two good combinations that could basically one-shot any other player. I desperately held on to the thought that this wasn't the case for the longest time out of everyone in my group and simply found myself worthless because I didn't spec into a specific set of spells.Yep, you can go from point A to point B pretty plainly. Walking is well implemented. Oh, sorry, you were interested in flying and boating? So flying is alright. Unless you get a top-tier glider, you are stuck with basically just a glider, meaning you need to be generally above where you want to end up and do typical glider controls to get where you want to go. Now sea travel. Sea travel involves getting utterly destroyed by pirates and hilariously powerful sea creatures and not much else unless you voyage out at max level.HAH. So you want a house? Tough. This game is plagued by bots and hackers. As soon as any plot of land becomes available for a house/farming plot to be placed on it, a bot or hacker owns it. Literally instantly. One of my friends bought an auto-clicker mouse to try to get our group a house after a week of playing and not even that stopped the nearby hackers who had already claimed 8 houses that day. Now you're thinking ""Oh, that's a cosmetic thing though. A shame, but purely cosmetic."" Keep reading.Crafting/Harvesting is an absolutely core part of this game. The entire economy is based on it, the way you can get any of the gear or things you want require intense amounts of harvesting, crafting and bartering. Harvesting works by planting a crop/placing an animal, letting it grow for a few hours, then returning to collect it. If you plant/place in land you own, it is protected. If it's out in the open world however, your crops and animals are available for harvest to any player who happens upon them and returns when they're ready to harvest. Oh, did I mention you can't place houses/farming plots without being a Founder (which comes with a recurring fee)? Well you do.On top of all of this, your crafting/building/harvesting/getting money from monsters you kill are all locked by two wonderful mechanics: Labor Points and Gilda StarsLabor Points are generated automatically during play time at an unbearably slow rate. They are then consumed by planting, harvesting, building, opening coin pouches dropped by monsters and other various things. This mechanic is a leftover of the game originally being from Korea, where there are laws limiting the amount of time people can play MMOs.Gilda Stars are the true bane of this game. You use stars to purchase things like blueprints for boats, gliders, houses, vehicles and other various interesting items. These items range from costing around 30 Gilda Stars to several hundred if not thousands of Gilda Stars. So you're thinking, ""What's wrong with this? It's a currency system."" Well, naive reader, the problem is in how you gain them. Gilda Stars are gained by completing story quests. At a rate of 1-5 per quest (I'm being generous since I didn't complete the story and I assume they go to higher than the 2 I was getting per mission at level 20) and another even more ridiculous method. The only reason your number of Gilda Stars aren't capped based on how many missions there are in the game is because you can get them also by doing trade runs.Trade runs are an incredibly interesting concept. The idea is you gather a bunch of resources and transport them from point A to point B and get a reward for it. Here's what it involves:Step 1:Gather or purchase (from the auction house) a few hundred wood, fish or some other material.Step 2:Locate a special kind of crafting station and assemble your trade pack.Step 3:Trek across the world (by land, sea or a combination of both) to one of the npcs who will trade you Gilda Stars for your trade pack. Please note: You travel at an IMMENSELY reduced speed, making a decent mount required. Oh, and if you log out with the pack on, it will nicely wait a short period of time before dropping off of your character and onto the ground for anyone to steal, meaning you must spend at least a half hour  (depending on how far/profitable you want your voyage to be) just sitting at your computer to steer your character onto the path.tl;dr Promised combat variations are basically worthless and unbalanced, anything interesting about the travel is worthless until you're max level, resource gathering is a joke for many reasons, housing is a joke for the same reasons and more.Pass on this and save yourself the time and money."
76561198002050721,Not Recommended,304030,15068251,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,HexCaster,"I was super into ArcheAge back when it came out.I loved the concept; I loved having a farm, and fighting pirates, and mix and matching classes, I didn't even mind the subscription paywall to be able to do all those things.However, right out of the beta gates Trion seemed almost to intentionally be sabotaging the game.They withheld content to milk the over priced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the cash shop that they expected you to regularly pony up for, as well as a monthly subscription, they even removed content after it was already in just to screw with people working for it. They held back important gameplay fixes that had been in the Korean version for over a year.Every decision, every patch could only be described as the publisher writing personalized ♥♥♥♥ you letters to the entire player base collectively,That is not even dipping into Trion's abusively neglectful, and inept customer service.My long time friend and guildmate was inexplicably tossed into a mass ban from the game one day out of the blue right off the prow of my ship in a trade run. They treated him like a criminal, barely even acknowledging any of the tickets sent on his behalf by my guild due to the fact he was not even allowed to submit one of his own. They perma banned ME from the official forums for making a post about it.When we finally, finally got a hold of a human being they dismissively said they would review it. Nearly a month later they unceremoniously gave him his account back with some sideways false positives half apology, and zero compensation for his lost paid time, and his lost property. A few days later he just quit the game out of disgust.About three months after launch me and the rest of my guild bailed out of the game as well; from my understanding so did most everyone else before long.Don't even waste your time, this game is already done, and the people running it do not deserve your attention."
,Not Recommended,304030,25091959,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,KAMA,"This could be one of the best MMORPG's ever, but P2W ruined it"
,Not Recommended,304030,15064499,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Caine,"While I would have considered this my favourite MMO, Trion have ruined it into a senseless cash grab. Having been at the 1% for a good while from Alpha onwards, it's disheartening seeing how worse it becomes.If it was anyone else publishing, I'd still be playing it."
,Not Recommended,304030,15264004,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Is a wizard,"Do you want to dual weild credit cards to compete? This is your game.Do you want to support a company that tries to conceal that the game is going to be p2w throughout alpha-beta, and then even before all of the alpha content is out, right before a major patch hits, puts economy breaking items into the cash shop, without even patch notes to warn people? This is your game."
,Not Recommended,304030,15118263,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SaltySkramz,"ALPHA PLAYER REVIEW:Please note, I had this far before I got it on steam, hence my low hoursDO NOT support this game, it hurts me to say this but DO NOTBecause:1.) The game is on life support, not due to player density, but due to people actually working on the game, trion layed off a ton of people who were working on archeage before it was even released, even multiple programers who worked on this have stated that it is beyond fixing at this point2.) While it is not pay 2 win, it is pay 2 progress. What does that mean?All actions you due in terms of crafting or farming or anything else requires ""labor"" every action has its own point value, no big deal, but free to play players only have a cap of 2,000 labor, you can go through that in a second if you craft to level up your character or try to increase your trade, this is where a portion of the micro trans come in, you can buy potions to recover your labor (labor usually takes a long time to recover if your a freebie) OR you can upgrade to prem or buy potions and pay for prem for a month or so, or buy these time prems from other players via the marketplace, which boosts your labor to 5,000 with an increase recovery rate. (I was a prem due to buying alpha) Now why is this a bad thing you might ask? On paper it is great, players who work hard can get the benifits of prem without ever cracking open their wallet, but I have friends and guild members who on multiple times the game would not register their activation of these items but still concidered it used, this is not fun when you paid a lot of gold or items to get these time cards.3.)  Yes, there are a TON of classes, a huge buy for the game was the insane amount of classes you could make, only one issue, not all classes are created equal, when it boils down to it, there are really only maybe 4-5 classes that are the best or ""top tier"" you can be kicked from parties or dungons for not being one of these, and these 5 classes are OVERPOWERED compared to all the other classes, at one point all I ever saw was daggerspells, what fun is diversity when it is obvious the game is catering to certain playstyles/classes?4.) This goes back to 1, you can literally never touch a quest, or mob, or anything if you are premium, why you might ask? Because of crafting and mining, if you have the labor and an XP boost, you can max in a week, this is why I said pay to progress, while it is not needed, it is such a HUGE difference in the time it takes, which kills any point of even doing PvE5.) The game tries SO HARD to show you how pretty it looks, yes it looks amazing for an MMO, massive props to the devs on this, but the world itself seems so bleak/uninspired, it feels like any other MMO you've played, the quests are generic, the fightinig is generic, the art style is generic, even the music for the most part seems like it was just smacked in the middle.6.) Servers and updates; There have been MULTIPLE times that servers have been offline for DAYS with no real answer from the devs as to what is going on, nobody is expecting an instant answer, but when it gets to the point where people start making ""HL3 confirmed, archage servers are up"" jokes without a single responce from devs, that's a little bad.7.) Housing; Yeah, good luck with that, unless you are on a fresh made server, you'll have to hawk every spot that hasn't had it's bills paid on time, and usually either someone will just PK you so they get the spot or a bot will insta build when the property comes up for sale, this can be massivly frustrating for anyone.8.) In the end, the game later on feels more like a job rather than a game, you usually end up becoming a slave to the economy in terms of just spam trade packs across the sea or to your local dealers or making items for others and selling them on the auction house.9-ish.) This is more of a subjective issue, but on my server there was a well known youtuber who would stream and record his gameplay, getting a ton of his drones to hop on and try the game, long story short, a lot of stuff pointing towards some GM's giving him little extra's for advertising their game, such as buying stuff that was not out yet for the game. I do not have proof to link, but if you search around you will find a lot of talk about this issue.What did I like?1.) This game shows you how to do PvP right, even if the classes can ruin it, it always feels responsive and fluid2.) The crime system is pretty fun, getting a bounty on your head and having to defend yourself in court ran by player jury leads to great and funny confrontations3.) Sailing, beyond fun with a band of friends or guild, feels like windwaker in that aspect that you can sail forever and not get bored, just look out for pirates or the other continent or worse...THE KRAKEN!Overall the game was great for a while but it is like a giant inflatible castle with a hole in it, it only goes so far.Are you looking for a long term MMO to get into? I would skip this oneGot some friends who play this and want to hop on every now and then? Go for itIs this a ""WoW"" killer? No4/10"
,Not Recommended,304030,15383725,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Yinero,"Bottomline, when the game came out it was advertised ""No Tricks, no traps"" towards the Pay to win aspect. Well.. they tricked us and it was a trap. Unless you have a fat wallet you're willing to just unload on this game, don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,304030,15066306,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Narondo,"I really wanted to like this game. It has an amazing concept with a cool open world and nice graphic design. Things like farming, trading, piracy, and castle raiding really make this a neat concept for a mmo. However this is ruined by hackers and pay too win systems. I had bought the $150 pack so that I could play the Alpha and get the head start, plus some nice little items. Of the three months included in the pack I only used one to get a character to 50 and then be prevented from doing anything else by other players. I couldnt get a house, sail my ship, or even run around in PVP areas due to hacking and massive raids of people. It was a nice conceptbut lacks any sort of good exectuation."
,Not Recommended,304030,15262881,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tey,"This Game, was pretty awesome, but suddently - Cashcow.Please; don't waste your precious time only to realize, its just another sad-sad cashgrab.It had massiv potential, but they jinxed it."
76561197977982182,Not Recommended,304030,15065196,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Cujek,"Avoid this massive massive pile of steaming rubbish at all costs.All this developer wants to do is rip you off, they are basically thieves.bought the pre release archeum founders pack for $150, wish i had never been suckered into its pretty graphics and promises of open world pvp and arena.you can only pvp in certain areas (openly) when conditions are met, which as it is now a dead game, is never.I cant believe steam allowed this crap back on to sucker more people in.The game is massive pay to win, if you dont spend real money, you will never get the best gear, ever. your only hope is to sink a few hundered dollars in and hope the RNG god is on your side when crafting.or you can go farm for crystals to get a quest a reward, with the other 100 people doing the same thing, insta tagging and insta killing the 24 mobs these drop from.this game is rubbish, Trion are scumbag money grabbers, do not waste your time on this."
76561197961173011,Not Recommended,304030,15469519,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Faolan,"This game killed entire guilds because of greed.Bottom line, its not worth the time or money investment for what you get in the end. Everything is a cash grab, even to do the newer dungeons you need keys you have to purchase.Trion turns everything it touches into ash."
76561197971387460,Not Recommended,304030,29490378,Posted: 25 January,all,Paladin,"Could have been the best game for another 5 years, but then it had to become P2W... ofc, why cant i have something fun.tho i reaaaally tried to outsmart the rich folk with my 3k hours played... almost worked too."
76561198067631159,Not Recommended,304030,29579347,Posted: 29 January,all,Jiggawatts,"Things I received the revelation of when I came back for revelation.-Crafting was more enjoyable-Dwarf females were the best dwarf of any game-Trion destroyed larders-No new raiding or dungeon content...-People are even more toxic now than they were before i left..and this wasnt even on a fresh start server-Almost all the guilds will help green pirates.-gankers harpoon your ship and drag you out into war water, kill you take, your packs, and then kill your boat. so everything has to be done by land if you actually expect to get gold for the time labor and gold you spent making all those packs-archeage end game is pvp. not pve. this is a pvp centered game. so yeah it's worthless to me. i want play along side friends not try to fight numbskulls who dual wield ccso if you actually want to play a game and get what you put into it, avoid this game like the plague. or dual wield your cc's.It could be such a good game, but green pirates take the life out of the game for me. i was paying a subscription and just kept asking myself why am i paying for a game where my game success and experience is limited by people ganking me using exploits and workarounds.So the real revelation is that it's a waste of time, money, and energy to even consider playing this game.If trion actually cared about the player base and not how to drain even more cash out of people then it would be worth playing but when they expect me to pay for a full experience and allow other players to limit that full experience, then im not getting what i paid for. so in the end i would recommend someone watch their dog be beaten to death with the corpses of felines before i would ever recommend this piece of trash to anyone."
76561198122753796,Not Recommended,304030,15280892,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,YomaBlood,P2W
,Not Recommended,304030,15067443,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DiBiddilyBop,"I wanted to love this game.  I really, really did.  So much so that I originally paid for the $150 Founders Pack.  Everything seemed amazing, and if the only factor was the gameplay and graphics, I would have loved it.  The problem soon became that this is one of the most pay-to-win games I've ever played.  I put in over 1,000 hours over the first month or so, but then things started appearing in the in-game store... RNG boxes with huge, in-game bonuses at a very low drop rate.  I'm not talking about cosmetic items, but items that were the foundation for the game's economy because they were as necessary as they were rare.  Then there was the hacking.  Land came at a huge premium and was highly coveted, however teleporting/land placement bots ran rampant.  So much so that many outwardly admitted to doing it.  From last I heard, most received 24-48 hour account suspensions.  The land they acquired they got to keep.I requested and through many emails and complaints, received a refund about a month after the game's release and haven't played since.  It's possible that everything has been fixed since then, but I highly doubt it given that the Korean version was about a year ahead of ours at the time and players there confirmed that their version was even more P2W than ours.  It's really unfortunate, because had this been a subscription-based game with no in-game store and a much stronger stance against hackers, this could have been one of the best sandbox MMORPGs of all time."
76561198024077122,Not Recommended,304030,15064164,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Teehk,Leveling is fun from 1-50 but 50-55 is the worst grind ever.. There is seriously a daily quest area that is a library where you kill the same mobs over.. and over... and over again. The land and Pirate stuff is a lot of fun. I don't recommend this game for longevity but i do recommend it for a decent time leveling.
,Not Recommended,304030,33586468,Posted: 16 July,all,Shiara,"Apparently I never got around to downthumbing this, so here it is.Most of my hours were played at launch, it was pretty great for the first few months when everyone's gear, character development, and knowledge level was about equal. Ship combat in this game was amazing, and trading and fishing and other activities in PvP areas were unique and extremely tense. There were many alliances formed out of necessity and ""your enemy is my enemy"" blood, and lots of diplomacy to do too.Currently, it is in shambles, with half-empty merged servers (housing spots yay!), extremely imbalanced gear disparities between newer/casual players and the hardcore, and multiple enormously large guilds (player nations) of ""wallet warriors""/whales who pay to get great gear in this extremely P2W game, and then transfer servers en masse to ""farm empty servers"", and ruin the game for the population of that server, before transferring out again after a month back to their main server to fight the other whale guilds/nations.The gear imbalance is extremely large. There is a little bit of class-based rock paper scissors in PvP, but by and large these days, especially if you run into a whale, your chances of winning are non-existent. A small handful of highly-geared people can easily defend their castle against 6 to 8 times their number of moderately-geared players. Due to that, there is no meaningful pvp at all outside of the arenas, which is what most PvPers do these days. Open world PvP is largely nonexistent, due to both the gear imbalance and far lower population. You'll find some, but few and far between and very one-sided.The devs are extremely out of touch as well, with comments saying that if you don't like the mass transfers of their best-paying customers happening, then organize and mobilize your faction and destroy the invading whales!!!!! As though it were that easy. There've been a number of accusations about certain game staff being far too close to certain guild leaders, cheating issues being ignored even when there's irrefutable proof if you belong to the right guilds, and other such things. They released two new servers to try to draw back players with the promise of ""fresh start"" servers, then almost immediately released cash boxes to milk the whales and create an imbalance again. They also raised the skill caps needed to perform or craft a lot of things, while nerfing output from crops, making it far more difficult for new players now than it was at launch.As well, the QA on the game is very poor, game updates often come through broken to the point that the servers go down, and cash shop or player reward updates sometimes are released without thought, and those who log in early and claim them before they are ""fixed"" largely get to keep their profit because Trion can't do anything but request that the players return the items/gold. Hahahahaha.Basically, this game is dead unless you invest $4000/year into it to become a king/queen of a dead game, so don't play it. Microtransactions in the game are very strongly P2W, from exclusive vehicles to equipment upgrade scrolls and gems to mounts and more. A lot of them are even locked behind RNG lootboxes, trying to prey on people's gambling habits. There are some nice furniture and cosmetics though, but also a ton of stupid ones that shred any semblence of immersion, like a ""desserted house"" entirely made of candy, sloth gliders where the sloth hugs you as you walk/glide around on its ""wings"", and Yuletide wagons that play actual Christmas music as you drive around."
76561198005780073,Not Recommended,304030,15067586,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Siegfre,"A wonderful game, ruined by mis-management, and bad decision making. The game's mechanics are solid, unfortunately they've all been bent to restrict your choices, and push you towards the cash shop. Rampant hacking destroyed the unique housing system, and by proxy many other wonderful elements of the game. Trion has proved woefully ineffective in getting rid of the hackers, and/or performing necessary roll backs to revert the damage done."
76561198042773039,Not Recommended,304030,15260418,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,d1i9a9z2,"Well IMO I find it hard to take any review serious if they didn't even played a game for at least a week(MMOs).People writing reviews when they played a game for 30 minutes of introductry game play, and early impressions at best will find what they like to complain no matter what game it is because its not x y and z.At first everything seems basic and simple(and it is). After hitting cap(which you will like in a week) the real grind begins when you craft weapons armor etc. The labor systems limits you and you do have to get the sojourner's pack at least to get by. Patrons can only own land so p2p or gtfo is the feel by the time you get here. The naval combat can be some really fun at times and its what got me to try it at first. Although you can be any class in this game, you will find that most are useless at pvp( its a open world kinda important ) you will see lvl 30s killing lvl 50s mostly cause some classes have way to many stuns that prevent even a person  with ayandan gear to even do any damage.(average time to get even 1 piece of ayandan is 3 months and their is many random types of  this gear which you have no control over of and even if you get the right one the stats are also random so be prepare to be extremely disappointed. The game looks overall. The devs completely gave up the story around lvl 35, seriously no ending, the story ends with you moving into a new area and it just ends you never see another story npc after it. This game could of been a really good game but trion messed it up. Case in point its broken in many ways. Some stuff you can defend but really why have endless classes that get own by 1 or 2 combinations. Wining pvp comes down to who's stun got who first,  Go play GW2, this game should  still be in alpha ."
,Not Recommended,304030,30126754,Posted: 23 February,all,Thc`,This game used to be amazing. Trion is nothing but a greedy company looking to only update the cash shop and leave so much stuff in game that is broken. This publisher )TRION) called a bunch of cheaters / hackers loyal members to their community they had so many people cheating in this game they had to give everyone a free pass because if they didnt they would of basically killed the game by banning 75% of the population. This game had SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much potential and its so sad to see it all thrown away because of some greedy money grabbing company♥♥♥♥ YOU TRION♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING PUBLISHER.. yeah im mad
76561198145190496,Not Recommended,304030,15085368,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Feylirei,"As an archeum founder alpha/ beta tester and an in-game player for almost a year to year and a half, the game was fun. The scenery was nice, game play was enjoyable, and there was always lots to do. I personally enjoyed going with guild friends on trade runs and out to sea battles.The game began to fall apart when there were lots of gold spammers and botting cases, though that wasn't the only problem. The game focused very heavily on the Item Market section with real money. Not entirely the worst system, but made it hard for many players to get anywhere in-game without it. If ever experiencing an issue in-game or out of game, there was terrible lack of support. In fact, it was lucky to get a response back. The official launch after alpha/ beta was released, there was very little sign of patching for the the bug and glitch issues. There was also a problem regarding a botting case in-game, which caused regular players to be banned in the process for no explainable reasons. Which Trion did very little to resolve, and for some didn't do anything at all.In my case, I was one of those few if not many to fall into the regular player category that had their account banned for no explanainable reason. I tried submitting multiple support tickets and the company was terrible at responding. Normally took weeks to get a response, and when I did, the answers were not even remotely close to what I was asking. After about ten support tickets I wasn't even able to contact them... They had restricted contact, couldn't access forums, and couldn't log into the game after spending the $150 on the game, and another $150-200 in-game.I decided to look up Trion on the web for any traceable evidence as to whether it was happening to others as well. Sure enough, the (BBB) or Better Business Bureau has a list of complaints regarding the same issue and more. I was shocked and surprised that a company could be this bad. Since then, I haven't touched foot in ArcheAge or in any Trion games.As a previous alpha/ beta tester and player, I would highly recommend staying away from Trion games. They do not respect their players and they have a very bad reputation for purchase history."
,Not Recommended,304030,15156946,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Laughing Man,"ArcheAge is both the best and worst MMO I've played. I found the gameplay and combat to be fun and intuitive. The crafting system is very intricate, the housing and farming system was well done (I like non-instanced housing, it puts more value on property. It would be better if bots didn't claim all the land right away), and the Naval combat...oh man..this is what got me hooked on the game! Sailing around the ocean looking for enemy trade ships or fishing boats, stealthing into the water and swimming up to an enemy fishing boat and stealing and and turning in THEIR fish for your profit! I was so addicted to sailing the open waters searching for prey. It was one of the best experiences I had in a game.But now, the game is sadly dying and at a rapid pace. The game is a blatant pay to win model. It is almost impossible to obtain end game equipment without paying a lot of money. It is incredibly tedious to even play the game without paying for Patron status for your labor regen and making a lot of gold in the game is practically impossible without patron status. Sure, you can get patron with in game gold. But to get in game gold, you need Patron, See the cycle? To break the cycle, you pay real life money for patron. But you want that shiny end game Delphinad weapon? It's obtainable. But it'll cost you at least 40k+ gold for a single weapon (at the time of this review). To get 40k gold, you can grind trade runs, but you need a lot of labor and it will take about 100 days (lots of math to pull this figure). And that's IF you have patron status AND you pay real money for the farm hauler upgrade AND you grind nothing but trade runs AND you are online the entire 100 days. Labor recharge is halved if you're offline. So what people do instead is spend a lot of money on RNG boxes that contain rare items or buy APEX (what people need to get Patron) and sell for in game gold.The entire crafting/regrading (enchanting) system is RNG based. Which wouldn't be so bad if there weren't cash shop items that increase your chances of procing regrades. This appeals to the gambling habits of people and sucks in more money. As long as you keep paying money to Trion, you can keep crafting and regrading and eventually you will proc an end game tier piece of gear. And because people spent so much IRL money to craft the gear, it sells for unreasonable and unobtainable amounts of gold on the auction house. And the cycle goes on...So props to Trion and XL Games for destroying one of the best MMOs out there. I hope all other developers can learn from them. Your game can be amazing, but blatant cash grabs and a pay to win model WILL destroy your game."
,Not Recommended,304030,15069547,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Arclune,"Is the core game fun?- YesShould you buy the game?- No.Problems?1. Population imbalance.2. New player difficulty on matured server is high.3. Hackers killed the game. Game must be recoded to address the hacker infestation. Not a patch, a full rebuild of the game.Concept and gameplay is really fun if you were in the early start. Even then the servers was really screwed up then with waiting time in the HOURS. That was the people that payed for the game. All the lands were already gone by the first 6 hours of the game. I had a group of friends that played this game and we were ready for the early start. We managed to throw down our farms and take up around 3072 unit of land during the first day. For the week of early access we just powered level ourselfs. Truthfully you can hit your first three level cap in one week.  Money grinding was excruciating but once we poured all our gold to obtain a single 2 slotted tractor, everyone in the group got one within 3 days.PVP was increadibly fun and the dungeon raids were alright. We had our own ships and we went on a lot of pirating. Both allies and enemy ships were targets. We been to the enemy continent and enraged the enemy guilds to hunt us down. We had enough gold to buy each person subscription so we didn't need to pay for subscription when it expired. However we stopped playing after several weeks.Why did we stop playing even though we can fair against pay to win players?1. Population imbalance. PVP war? I was on the top guild on our continent and we had to fight against the biggest zerg guild in the whole game. For every 1 person on our continent, there was 5 on the other. So during the war, either we get the best guilds on our side to fight or we always lose the war.2. Joined late, well you are screwed. Waiting for an expired land? Good luck competing against 20 people trying to grab the smallest piece of land.  Our friends that joined late have a hard time getting land. Buying land? Good luck getting one to sell at a reasonable price.3. Hackers. The game was coded on the user end. My god, any company that is hosting the game can't do anything about it. They tanked the NPC trade market and caused inflations on the user market. They can teleport inside a terrain so you can't see their names. They just make their tradepack then teleport to the trade NPC. Then they use those gold to buy all the cheap materials and sell it for an increadibly high price. Can't buy it? Well read the spam message and buy gold with real money. PVP against hackers? You will never kill them unless they are stupid and forgot to use their hack."
76561198036103417,Not Recommended,304030,15282803,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Lazard,"I was a founder of this game, played the beta and hundreds of hours post-release off steam, had a guild of great people of which I eventually became an officer, and through all that I must still give it a thumbs down because of Trion Worlds who run the NA/EU servers. Getting to the endgame (lvl50-55) is a journey that is amazing your first time through, the sheer variety of quests and monsters is great, but upon reaching endgame and looking into the crafting system, you will realize this game's biggest flaw IMO.There are 5 levels of gear for high level players, and when made they roll one of 5 or 6 types, only 1 of which can be upgraded to the next tier. Then, there are also 12 different item colors that determine quality, and you have a chance to downgrade, or even destroy the item when attempting to upgrade it. Considering you must begin with the lowest level items and craft them up one tier at a time, crafting armor and weapons is the most tedious and annoying process in the game.While the crafting system is terrrible, most of the game is still great, from taking world bosses as combat pets to raiding ships at sea with your guild, its easy to go have fun by grabbing a friend or two and just go look for a fight or do a dungeon. Sadly as of recently I have stopped playing due to how terrible Trion Worlds is and how badly they have screwed this game up with their incessant pay2win offers, destroying and laughing at the masterful in-game economy as they flood the market with previously-rare materials and basically give no promises as to the value of anything.Overall I still love this game, but I cannot recommend it due to Trion Worlds' idiocy, if they handed the game off to a company that understands how a game should be run i'd expect many players like me would return, but for now my sub in cancelled."
,Not Recommended,304030,29484925,Posted: 25 January,all,Sync.,"P2win, very unfair model. Stay AWAY."
,Not Recommended,304030,30180253,Posted: 25 February,all,Praefectus Foxicus [PTF],"I have played ArcheAge for about over 1,500 hours off the Trion launcher, long before it ever came to Steam. It was good, then. When it first launched...But then the Trion-Management-Team invaded. They have decided to focus all efforts on nothing but a credit-card oriented game. But, for the purpose of review, I'll do a full one, by splitting it up into categories: Graphics, Gameplay (PVP and PVE), and Community.GRAPHICSThe graphics are actually pretty nice. At high, they're pretty decent, armors are in no way historically accurate (this is a Korean MMORPG, nothing makes sense most of the time), you have the usual huge-cleavage outfits with female characters locked at max chesticle size, but the weapons do look pretty good, and end-game weapons actually look like end-game weapons, not an upgraded reskin of what you started with. Vegetation is there, but usually pretty bland depending on what zone you go to. PVP Zones are pretty much empty which is nice, so you don't have to run circles around trees trying to get that CC combo off. Mounts are also pretty cool. Overall, I'd give it an ""average"" on its graphics. Nothing spectacular, but still better than a lot of other MMORPG's out there.GAMEPLAYA. PVEPVE is literally the only thing you do from level 1-55. Bosses are bland, and most require multiple people to actually kill. Some world bosses need a full raid or a simple 5-man party depending on its level. Overall, PVE is not really rewarding at all, except for two bosses: The Kraken, and The Red Dragon. The Kraken drops a half-way decent shield, and I think a spear? I'd have to check on that. The Red Dragon drops the motherload of weapons. I've constantly just drewled over having a Red Dragon weapon. They were so good...So...Pristine...So....Perfect. HOWEVER, you'll be lucky if you can find a guild to do Red Dragon, because that's what it basically needs. Unless your entire guild is extremely built up into end-game, you'll need 2 full raids to take down Red Dragon. 1 full raid if you've done it before and you've got it down, or your heavy-hitters in the guild are just damn overpowered. Either way, PVE isn't very fun...Like...at all...Especially at early levels. But once you get to the raid/world bosses, it's hell of a lot better.B. PVPI should start off with saying that there are three skill trees you pick to make a class. For example, I play a Darkrunner: Battlerage, Shadowplay, and Auramancy. It's a rogue-style glass cannon DPS class, built for extreme burst damage and VERY fast mobility, almost as fast as some archer classes (which go faster than a lot of mounts). Anyways, only CERTAIN, not ALL, but CERTAIN AND LIMITED combinations of these skill trees actually work for a class to be effective in PVP. To dive more into it, I have Battlerage and Shadowplay, my two main skill trees that give me my Stealth abilities, my CC combos, and my overall damage. Then I have Auramancy, my supporting tree that gives me all my mobility, helps me with getting rid of debuffs, providing me with my own buffs, etc. However, not all skill trees when paired together work like this. A lot of off-spec and weird classes get absolutely SMASHED in PVP. It's said that you're allowed to ""play what you want to play""; yeah you can, but you're practically worthless on all accounts most of the time. For example, the class of....Damn I forget it's specific name...but it's Battlerage, Shadowplay, and Archery. That is three damage classes all smashed together. You have no mobility, no CC breaks, nothing. You basically run at normal speed with literally almost no defense, and die within 3 seconds if you're doing any 1v1s. Group battles may be alright but they're still horrible. What I'm trying to say is that, in so many words, there are cheese classes that will easily trump and beat other classes (Darkrunner and some magic-based classes are like that). There's no way to beat them unless you have EXTREEEEMELY better gear.Now I'm gon'na get into the gear part of PVP. Gear is mainly bought with real cash. Back in 2015, 2016 thereabouts, I was a max-level Darkrunner at 4000 gearscore (gearscore being all your items contribute a ""gearscore"", all of these item's gearscore added up will be your total gearscore, i.e. mine of 4000). Now, I've pretty much always been a FTP, for a couple months being paid but anyways, that takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to get, especially if you do it on your own. Then there's this one kid, who dropped maybe...3-4 grand on gold? All to get 7000 gearscore. He bought his way in. Of course he started out horrible at PVP and he played the same class at me. But it didn't matter. His CC breaks and his CC combos didn't matter. Because his BASIC attack smacked you for half your health. Trion has rewarded full credit card warriors who will slap down as much money as possible. So it's basically an auction house, the highest bidder will win every time. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is what it is, but that's how they make their money for being a FTP MMO.Now, this is why I don't recommend it. There are SOOOO many of these credit-card warriors, and just overall power-guilds that will do nothing but stomp on new players. Some are accepting, most are not, and they only want people who have been in the game and know what they're doing. And fighting in PVP is just horrendous, especially against these elitest guilds and card warriors. Git gud don't work here, because there's no way to git gud other than spending your actual money. Or becoming a slave to the game.COMMUNITYDon't get me started. Absolutely horrible. People from your own faction will steal, rob, and kill you as much as they can, especially elitist guilds. I was in multiple of these guilds and I made bank, but why I say it's bad is because new players will be hunted to death by these guilds. Easy pickings, easy targets. Not hard to kill at all either. There's no way to progress on your own unless you join one of these guilds. Good luck doing that. Anyways, yeah the community is garbage, everyone is usually at each other's throats. No one is positive, helpful, or anything.♥♥♥♥♥♥threats, death threats, and even jokes about people who played the game who actually died are all common occurrence. It's horrible, trashy, and overall stupid. It's almost as bad as League of Salt...No wait...it's worse than League of Salt. My bad. Anyways, good luck making friends here, usually they'll just take your♥♥♥♥♥♥and stab you in the back anyways.TL;DR: Graphics are average. PVP is dominated by credit card warriors; Community is saltier than a sardine can."
,Not Recommended,304030,29660745,Posted: 2 February,all,Sogra,"NOT F2P imo free to try maybe but not free to play... heres why:Dont get me wrong the game its self is fun and yes you can play it for free (sort of) but if you want almost anything in the game your going to have to spend money to get it.  lets start with Patron status. You will need patron status to gain labor offline wich is need to do almost about anything in the game such as crafting, opening bags etc. you will also need it to own land among many other things. This will cost you 15 usd a month to have patron status.  On top of the 15 a month you will also have to invest quite a bit of money into the in game market if you ever hope to be able to take on some of the other players in combat. Any one that is realy good at this game and says they have not invested money into it is lieing to you. I have even met players with a few grand into it and there still not happy. The game is a money grab and its sad because it really is a good looking game with great pvp.  But if you think this game is F2P then by all means play it for a week or so and you will see what i mean. should they ever make it so the market has less of an impact on on the game then i will change my reveiw. I would not mind paying the 15 a month for a fun game but when you have to invest more money on top of that its just not right. the worst part is this has been most peoples main complaint since the game has come out and yet the company that owns it refuses to do anything about it. but at this time i would say dont play it its not worth your time when theres other real F2P MMO out there. maybe after they loose about half the player base they got now they will relize there mistake and change some thing but i doubt it as this has bee a problem since pretty much day one of the game"
76561197979189598,Not Recommended,304030,11749214,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Amon,"Ready to accept my downvotes! (since it's a negative review! woo!~)Archeage pulled me in by offering a seemingly variety in skills/builds and being able to combat other plays in a open world, rather than in battlegrounds.Sadly, the game mechanics are very old school. There is no active dodging/blocking/kiting/aiming/cc breaks that many newer mmo's are starting to offer. Alas, I was still willing to give the game a chance!For convenience sake, I will break my review up into categories.Skills:I was very much looking forward to making diverse builds with unique skill sets! Sadly I found myself being pigeon holded into using select skills that are typically the flavor. The biggest obstacle in the way of truly being diverse are the actions bars.While there are many different spells and you can combine three skill trees together to make your hero feel diverse, you are not limited in how many skills you may put on your action bars, therefore you ultimately aren't choosing skills, only trees. Of course everybody eventually goes towards the same skillsets, or rather similar ones.There is a combo system in play which does help making builds a little more diverse. It works like this: If you fear the target before using this spell you will do more damage.Then pvp is very much who initiated and stunlocked who first (no diminishing returns!) There are a few spells that will cancel out certain cc's.The biggest issue I have with the skills though would be the awful passives. A lot of the passives are activated by chance. Such as being hit by a critical attack will boost your own critical attack by #. This type of ""random"" mechanic is found very often on the passives. Then to top it off, using our example, if you proc the passive too often it will disable it for # seconds/minute. One passive that is randomly activated disables if you MOVE. Extremely poor passive design.There are also a few (thankfully not a lot) of self using buffs that last ~a minute and have no cooldown. Why bother. Why not make this a passive. Just extremely annoying.PVE:The game does eventually open up a bit, but questing is really the only way to go. The quests are mostly very boring fetch quests (especially early on). Doing every quest I saw between 1 - 10 I killed less than 50 monsters. I understand that they want to introduce the game to you via quests, but it doesn’t take a genius to understand that you right click seeds in your inventory to plant them in a huge farm where tons of others are planting.The loot is extremely lackluster. There a few typical set bonuses, etc. But I expect more from games now than just gaining a bit of stats from a set bonus. You also have to use labour points for everything, opening loot, opening gold, crafting, everything. From what I can tell, people who pay will gain an extreme deal more labour points.Mounts are typical, except they can help you fight. I was never much of a pet guy, but I know a lot of people will enjoy this feature. Gliders can be really cool, especially in pvp. Boats have been done before in a mmo, but seem to have been put together a bit better in archeage.Mobs and spells in general aren’t very exciting. You can’t actively block, dodge or even kite very well. Mob interaction is far and few.Overall:If all you want from a game is a very large, runescape esque, crafting mmo. This is for you, if you don’t mind grinding or paying for labour points.If you want any kind of pve experience. Or are a seeker of unique treasure and lust after making a very individual and unique build, then no. This game is definitely not your cup of tea. Don’t bother buying into it."
76561197973749369,Not Recommended,304030,15714333,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,hellrazer12790,"Genral Feeling Towards This Game -->  :( Frowney face sums it up, but seriously,Ive been a steam user for a very long time and have over 300 games in my account but this is the first game that has angered me so completely that I felt compelled to write a review. It all started years and years ago when I started playing wow in alpha and continued to play that for years but eventually got bored of it. I had been looking for a new MMO to play but never really found one I enjoyed as much. Then I heard about arche age and was quite excited at the prospects of gameplay that they had promised. The thought of a somewhat dynamic world as far as raiding players castles and pirating was quite appealing. I was promised a game that was NOT P2W but rather actually required one to play the game in order to advance rather than just opening up your wallet. I paid a fairly decent amount for this game when it come out only to find out that they had deceived me and many others as to what they were actually getting in the pre-order pack. On top of all of these P2W issues the game itself is not very interesting and I got board of it almost as soon as I started playing because it gives you too much too soon. By like lvl 6 or something you get a mount, so everyone has one. In other MMO’s one must earn their mount and when one is seen riding one you know they have been playing for a while to earn that mount. The graphics in the game are about the only thing that is done well but it doesn’t even come close to redeeming this huge waste of time and money. Additionally I have learned that even if you uninstall the game and Glyph there is still a “anti-cheating” program titled “Eagle64” which apparently records things like your IP address whether you like it or not. Luckily I found a way to delete this stupid thing and I am finally free of all the shackles that came along with this polished turd. For anyone else who wants to be fully rid of this game heres the linkhttp://forums.archeagegame.com/showthread.php?75534-Instructions-for-uninstalling-Hackshield"
,Not Recommended,304030,15066892,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Rhidian,No. Seriously.
,Not Recommended,304030,15084535,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,You were a Fine-Apple,Game with great potentional ruined by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies.
76561198036152216,Not Recommended,304030,15084934,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Ra's al Ghul,"I loved this game hence the 100's of hours of game play.  I was in one of the top guilds on my server... I had a max level character, but found it to be Pay to Win in the end and had to stop playing because without sinking 1000's of real currency into it I could not keep up with the other players willing to do so.  Many people decided to sink alot of cash into this game that I did not have... I'm a little erk'd that I played for so long but end game was just about how much money you could pay to get your gear to proc to better stats... Nopt a fan in the end..."
76561198051044617,Not Recommended,304030,15102438,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Super Coffee Boy 3000,p2w
76561197978499851,Not Recommended,304030,15069999,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Brox,"ArcheAge in its current state has so much Potential to be great.  However it was ruined with the game going to free to play with a cash shop.The biggest problem this game is facing, it is supposed to be a crafted gear player driven economy. But the Archeum mats you need to craft are insanley rare. To the point the community has been out spoken of it since Alpha!!!! Not fixed in BETA!!! Fixed for launch, then immedialty nerfed!!! We have a promised fix in the up comming 1.7 content patch. BTW content that has been avaiable in Korea for almost a year now and will be released at launch for the China release."
76561197980400340,Not Recommended,304030,15073149,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,OWL,"I played the beta and loved it! So I bought the founder pack and played the crap out of it and managed to build up a good amount of land and money.One night I went to bed with well over 6k gold in thunderstruck trees, woke up to find my TS trees now worth 800g thanks to Trion putting them in cash shop over night.IN MY OPINION you can't have a game built around crafting/trading (Which it does fantastically) and then sell it all in the cash shop as well, it makes the game pointless.As for the Arena/Raiding stuff, well there are a lot of games that do it better.This game was my favourite game of 2014 and it's completely destroyed by the ""F2P"" model."
76561198054581562,Not Recommended,304030,29529526,Posted: 27 January,all,ImaSuperTurtle,This game gets worse every time I play it
,Not Recommended,304030,15069664,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Daeburon,cash grab. publisher and developer are shady AF. I got a refund for this from steam because they used false advertising.
,Not Recommended,304030,11538909,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Draylynn,"Labour System - get rid - this seriously is off putting.Put drops back in the game, not a single pelt, armor, weapon, level 20+ still running around with level 10 equipment, can't craft nothing because... labour points, can't progress unless you enjoy feeling like your mentally being rammed into a brick wall, because... labour points, want to open that loot purse you just got, hey better have some labour points ready! Want to gather crafting items... labour points. You get the picture.Most stupid system ever deployed; Labour points - it sucks the fun completely out of the game and makes my computer cry when the client needs to stay open overnight to tick over patron bonus's to try and get at least 20mins of 'fun' the next day.Having to spent 12+hours waiting for labour points for an extremely short period of non-combat function is a bit on the rediculous side, c'mon.I know it's a hard thing to balance out the games economics, but at the moment, there is no economics, the lowest level items cost rediculous amounts of money because dusts are extremely over priced, not enough lewt in quests to make up for it, no drops other than quest items and coin purses.As for bugs themselves, minimal, seems to be a slight issue with textures if the games running too long (textures get sucked away), other than that, seems fairly well made, it's pretty, the animations are pretty. There's the odd terrain glitch, floaty trees, rocks you can get trapped behind etc. I'm sure they'll get fixed, unlike other games, right?The most hillarious feature of this game, by far, without a doubt, the justice system - whereby criminals are judged by a jury of their peers and the stories that flood the chat are hillarious - justice indeed - need more of that.I love the flight, the gliders and having passengers on your mounts which certainly helps when travelling around the map with friends.Class builds are somewhat unique, having 3 skillsets, I'm not sure what to make of this yet, as the characters seem super weak, but that would be due to the low level items I'm still forced to use, because... *dun dun dun* Labour points. Which does make the game seem somewhat more grindy than I'm presuming it is meant to be.This game does have potential, don't ruin it like your other games Trion.This review is subject to change, as and if/when, patches come out that fix the appalling state of the *dun dun dun* Labour system.Edit;Had this game refunded and removed from Steam.My account was one of those banned as a safeguard when they got hacked and leaked their account database all over the place, after over a week of fighting their monkey support system who repeatedly failed to actually read my tickets and offered generic copy/paste replies (which tbh I don't mind, if they READ the ticket I put in) they could not unban my account, IP banned me accidently, failed to remove the IP ban, repeatedly. Absolutely appalling, will never purchase or play another Trion game again.Do I recommend? Of course not."
,Not Recommended,304030,11770263,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[UmbrA] circasomnia,"This game is a soul sucking grind with tab targeting, hackers, land grab bots, BS economy where trading means nothing and is just a massive gold farm. Awesome, amazing potential completely squandered with lack of security, psuedo economy, and terrible PvP mechanics.Give this sinking ship a wide berth while she flounders."
,Not Recommended,304030,15070413,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Null,"Game would be great but it has three pay walls including p2win elements, at least it was back when I played. I stopped playing when Trion destroyed the eco for almost all of the first wave of players. A lot of players left before release, even more left after release.The game is good if you plan on grinding forever or busting out the wallet.Could have been and AMAZING b2play game with cosmetic item shop, including ship bling and toon bling, instead it's a gamblers wet dream.Such a shame too becasue the sandbox was fun for awhile, the crafting, housing, etc.. but who wants to pay a monthly fee on top of cash shop gambling.. Pffft. Plenty of other games out there til something better comes along in the Sand box world."
76561198024017133,Not Recommended,304030,17034383,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Justin,"had amazing potential, really enjoyed alpha, but fell miles short in release due to developer greed."
76561197970564301,Not Recommended,304030,25518044,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Textual Predator ™,"Played a long time.  Buy to win, sub to win.  You can youtube it.  One guy did a pvp round, he won but had to try.  He then bought a sub and one shot the guy.  Wasted a lot of my time on this.  I suggest you do NOT do the same.... Could have been the best mmo ever... oh well.Oh and Kattandra has gay rage dont mid him/her, fat anger is real"
76561198007235422,Not Recommended,304030,11609837,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kazox,"I’m not going to say the game’s bad, because it’s not… Even though the game’s immersive and crafting is incredible, the micromanagement aspect of the game just bores me to death (buy seeds, plant, water, wait x time, collect it timely or crops die, and repeat…).  I’m not into Farmville and this game feels like one merged into a tabbed MMORPG.  If some things were more automated and didn’t take such a ridiculous amount of time to get them done, then I’d probably have a different opinion.  Fight is fun and graphics are decent (though some of the textures don’t look too good…), but it’s just not for me.  If you dislike micromanaging, you’ll probably feel like I do.  I already have a job and plenty of responsibilities; I need to play a game that will feel like a hobby and not additional chores or work.  The game’s still in Alpha and maybe they will automate things a bit… Keeping my fingers crossed."
76561198048936114,Not Recommended,304030,29740570,Posted: 6 February,all,thelegend27,"This game isnt done justice by its publishers at TRION, as a matter of fact its been butchered by TRION.Its ambitious and full of some of the greatest ideas for an MMO but TRINO has done the game wrong. If you are looking for THE next MMO for yourself then please take my advice and skip this game.If you want a game to play casually and pass time on then go ahead and goof around.Summary: The more time you put in the more you will realize you will either need to spend or grind very hard(A ridiculous amount of grinding).On and off steam I have about 800-1000 hours combined and throughtout all that time Ive never felt rewarded for my efforts, its quite the opposite Ive had to spend cash here and there to get remotely near the end game on legacy servers, and on Fresh start servers itll eventually be the same.This game is fun but only if you play it casually and not as a main game.You WILL BE DISAPPOINTED so please take my advice and skip this game.WARNING: YOU CANNOT DO MUCH IN ARCHEAGE WITHOUT PATRON(Membership)."
76561197979018507,Not Recommended,304030,30156441,Posted: 24 February,all,pudding,"One of my favorite games ever. Wasn't just another themepark, generic wow clone. The class system was cool, you'd combine different skill trees to make a class. Crafting, housing, and professions were interesting. Crafting my own boat and going out fishing/exploring was really cool, unlike any other game I've played in this aspect. The freedom to explore with gliders was amazing. Hit the sweet spot that WoW seems to struggle with; you couldn't fly permanently so you were forced to interact with other people.There was a crime system as well and in the beginning people were planting hidden gardens all over the map due to the limited amount of buyable land. Trees could randomly get hit by thunder during storms and become ""thunderstruck"", which would yield incredibly rare crafting materials and were probably the most valuable mats in the beginning. So the result was that people wre planting hidden tree gardens all over the world and the entire server would get involved pretty fast if a tree farm was discovered. It would turn into an all-out-war.Unfortunately it's one of the most p2w games I've ever experienced and was promptly ruined. You could pay to progress and pretty much had no limit to how strong you could get. As long as you kept spending money you kept getting stronger. Within a few weeks of release the entire blanace was destroyed and the game was unplayable without a creditcard in-hand at all times.Scumbag Trion and greedy devs strike again. It's a shame too, I would have easily been willing to pay a monthly sub if it meant neutering the p2w cash shop and restricting it to convenience/asthetics. I would have had 1,000+ hours no question and would probablty still be playing today. Oh, did I mention you could buy a monthly sub on top of the broken cash shop? Doubly p2w in that regard, it wasn't ""required"" but in reality in really was."
,Not Recommended,304030,20063944,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Celestial Rain,"Archeage is a very well made game, but made terrible by its publishers and executives.7.4/10Archeage has quests that welcome new players, but as an MMO Remember this game has ALOT of grinding to get a high level and most of this is questing. If you are interested in buying this game, don't- unless you have an endless money supply to keep up with the paying members.THIS GAME IS NOT FOR FREE TO PLAYERS! I cannot stress this enough. I have tried *alot* as a free to play(couple hundred hours) some of it was fun, but it has been made worse as a game since it was in Alpha and beta since the release of Pay to Win items.Pay to win items in Archeage are everywhere, sure you can buy cosmetics, but if you do you probably have bought many pay to win items in this game. To get the best gear in the game one has to regrade. Regrading makes the game more P2W than most because the chances of upgrading items become almost impossible (Highest tier regrade chance 2%- auto breaks if you fail the regrade).As a game if there was no publisher involved-Graphics: Archeage has not come a far way from Alpha, but I have not expected it too. The quality of the Terrain is sometimes a bit plain but there are objects of beauty everywhere in sight (trees, bushes and rocks fit in perfectly) and the game does not need to be run in high quality to be good.Customisation: So far as menu options, with a quick ask in chat someone will tell me how to see quests 1000m away so I can see which quests I have not completed. The Hud is all resizable and you can move it around by shift-click(Dragging). There can be up to 5 hotbars, you probably don't need more :). Costumes as I explained before are mostly obtained from the Cash store and they look fairly well on other players. If you don't like realisim you might not like this feature but you can wear an entire set of armor under a dress or under a prisoners outfit.Gameplay: Do quests, do trade runs (and sometimes get killed), do dungeons with mentors who help you and guide you :D, then do world boss raids where 50 people all pull out harpoons and go all ghost busters on the enemy npcs. Get a house (If you are patron) and grow stuff on farms( if you are patron). Overall you can do everything as free to play like playin enough to buy apex to get patron, and there is more free roam and ship sailing than any other mmo out there this good.Graphics: 9/10 {Best MMO Quality objects, sometimes things did not load in for several people and had to relog}Customisation: 7/10 {There are ship designs and costumes but costumes are hard to obtain as a F2P}Gameplay: 8.5/10 {Lots of freedom to do what you want but getting into level 50 is a grinding spree with no real reward}Publisher: 5/10 {The Publisher kept the cash store P2W aspect, does not have consistent Cheat protection}Overall: 7.3Note: This game was great in Alpha, if you have a time travel machine go back there to experience this at its height."
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,304030,15067190,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,flinteryk,"this game is a huge flop. at first it seems great you start to get into it then you start to see the holes in the game. they allow and almost seem to encourage bots, although right before i stopped playing they finally started banning a few of them. if  they do add new land to the game to build on its taken over by bots within minutes and any new building land is taken instantly through out the game. pvp is a joke sadly even if you try your hardest to get the best character you possibly could build some one could just be a wallet warrior and pass you in the blink of an eye. there is some sea combat but its always people pouncing on low number ships and griefing them for no real reason other than to be jerks. most of the time on their own faction no less.over all id give this game a 5/10 due to poor game support, bots, and just the same old grind."
,Not Recommended,304030,15078973,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Neurojazz,Pay to win.  You'll be entering a game where people have boosted themselves well ahead with the cash shop.  Expect to get ganked by Delphinad weilding 12 year olds who've nicked their dads credit cards.
,Not Recommended,304030,15081202,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hamburger Helper,Don't ♥♥♥♥ing do it - pay2win cash grab. Steam was nice enough to refund my founder's pack a couple months after the launch. Just read the Trion forums to see what a trainwreck this game is.
,Not Recommended,304030,33167719,Posted: 2 July,all,RQQST3R,"Trion had a few problems with this game. Firstly, I gotta say this game world is amazing and fun but, there are critical aspects of this game which expose you to a lot of pvp douchery...and I mean a lot.There is so much potential and the co-op of running trade packs to far away places and exploring is great but, to do this you must travel through bottlenecks where tonnes of players whos sole mission is to grief and wreck the game for PVE'ers caused a cascading failure of the games community.The PVE'ers said ""screw it, I dont want to be involved in a game community that is out to favour PVPers who dont head out to fight each other, just exist to prey on PVE traders."" So they left. This in turn meant the PVP community had nothing left to do but fight each other, and most of them are so crap at PVP against other PVP players they rage quit.Shame, so much potential. Oh and PTW RNG is brutal"
76561198087338462,Not Recommended,304030,30250946,Posted: 28 February,all,Wilsongirl,"I loved loved this game, however I quit it because it was HORRIBLY unbalanced and tried in every way possible to steal your money and is a complete p2win I would not recommend trying this game because it is fantastic but horrible and will leave you broke and sad because you will get fed up with the ridiculous pay to win system﻿. Also when I deciced to play the  freashstart 3.0 verson the community is pure cancer exploiting prevs asking for nudes for items so I unstalled and will never play agian"
,Not Recommended,304030,15087224,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,"The F2P model in this is the worst I've seen in an otherwise fun game. You are so limited in what you are able to do unless you subscribe. The cash shop has some mounts / gliders that are faster and can fight better than ones you can get on your own, but it's not the biggest deal I guess. Crafting gear is insanely hard to do without paying a dime and grinding for gear was pretty hard as well (being the limited amount of dungeons in the game)"
76561198055846754,Not Recommended,304030,15066834,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,"go mid, I feed courier",ArcheAge was great  when there was content to keep it fresh and new. Unfortunately after a certain point there's no reason left to play the game. The new expansion is garbage and only adds endless hours of farming trash mobs. If you want to waste 1k + hours of your life only in the end to be disappointed and betrayed by the brick wall at the end of the road (ultimately leading to an unsatisfied feeling) then by all means download this. If you're looking for a balanced MMO which is updated with relevant content persistantly then please stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this trash-can of a game.TLDR: Pay to win / brick wall progression-wise / broken PVE
76561198008120392,Not Recommended,304030,15075434,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Madrax82,"Ive played this game alot (1000+ hours).I do NOT recommend this game. It currently has an extreme pay 2 win system in place.When this game started it was wonderful, but greedy management made the ingame item store pay 2 win.To such a point that if you want to catch up with stronger player you HAVE to pay to get stuff from the item store.This is a great example of game creators going over to the dark side."
76561198022905546,Not Recommended,304030,30107973,Posted: 22 February,all,Arcamis,"Grind, Grind, Grind and Grind a whole lot more then lose it all and start over again. Sums this game up.  Don't waste your time here.  If you are still here think about this spend a month gathering stuff to make some gold then lose it all trying to regrade your gear. With nearly no hope of it working even with boost charms and after a point you could lose the gear itself setting you back thousands.  Expect to play for a year or two before you get gear that is good enough to allow you to stay alive for more than a few seconds in a PvP fight.  If you are just starting out in this game expect to be nothing but someone else's toy for more than a year if you’re really lucky and do nothing but play this game nonstop everyday  18 hours a day at least you might be able to give them a small delay before they kill you.  You will never catch-up to them and there is no real protection or anything you can do to them.  Oh and prepare to spend real money and lots of it just to get by in the game.Here's what I have seen in this game.One account is not enough to play this game most people have at least two or more accounts.  They will play on both the US and EU servers one side generates income for the other side.  So you use multiple accounts to power up one.  Keep in mind this game may have a free to play part but you can't really get anywhere in the game without paying $20 a month for each account. Plus there will be stuff you have to buy to make progress so expect to put out another 20 to 100 each month for minimal progress.Now on the server I am on. I have a guild that only seems to do one thing all day long every day.  They look for ways to stick it to their own faction.  They will mug you, hijack you, and block content keeping you from playing the game and progressing.If that wasn’t enough of a turn off let’s talk about gear progression.  Here is where the real pain comes in.  1st thing it cost a lot of work in game to get what you need to re-grade or upgrade gear.  Each try will cost a lot and has a very high chance to fail and not give you anything when you start out after hundreds of tries you might get you gear to a nice level but wait now you still have to re-grade the gear more but each try now has a chance to fail and destroy the gear. Yes say goodbye to that piece of gear you just spend thousand on and month of play to get.  So sad start over.  Lot’s of people just stop at the lower point before they risk the lost.  Those that do go beyond have a second set of gear to replace the lost of their gear in the re-grade process.  Don’t waste time on re-grade charms that cost a lot because they don’t work worth trash.  I spent thousand trying to re-grade items using them only to see fail after fail.The game is design to suck money out of you and make you grind for little to no progress in the game and big chance of getting knocked backwards in the game.I wish I could get back the hundreds I spent on this game over the last couple months.  Learn from my experience and pass this one by."
,Not Recommended,304030,15104339,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Nei,"ArcheAge could have been great, but I can't recommend it. Labor system is garbage, hacks and exploits everywhere, and developers who seem content to plug their ears and say ""nanana, we can't hear you"" in regards to any criticism. Trion seems to be more focused on monetizing the game as much as they can instead of making it a more fun experience, and any issues that they decide to address are generally pinpointed as XL Games' fault, and not Trion's fault or responsibility.+Pros+Good graphics & music. The world is beautiful and immersive.Lots of classes and choices.Ship combat is fun.Tradeskill and Crafting systems are decent.-Cons-Hackers have no trouble bypassing the anti-cheat, and are a big problemLABOR. Be prepared to spend money or AFK a lot to get things done.Griefing and scamming are allowed and encouraged. Generally terrible community.Very grindy and soul-shattering dependancy on RNG at endgame.tl;dr - Meh."
,Not Recommended,304030,22408878,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,aFlyingKite,"work hard for money just to realize how vunerable you are unless you're equipped with the latest gears and have the highest gear score and still risk having your stuff taken from you. AND in order to get the latest equipment, you need to craft, regrade to higher rarity, upgrade to higher tier, stock it up with lunagems, stock it up with lunastones, add tempering, clone it so it looks really cool... all the more ways the game is designed to take your money away like whatever you just did to earn your rites of passage (whether you're play-to-win or pay-to-win) mean nothing.disclaimer: i was obviously upset when i wrote this post. the system ate 920gold (total worth of gold+items) to regrade one item from arcane to heroic. the tiers for regrade are crude, basic, grand, rare, arcane, heroic, unique, celestial, divine, epic, legendary, mythic so between stages 4-5 the gold cost for upgrade increases so significantly it's ridiculous... it can cost you downgrade (after stage 4) or even be destroyed (after stage 8)"
,Not Recommended,304030,28348207,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gimp24,"The release of 3.0 was a total failure, even worse than the original launch- this demonstrates the team's capapbility of learning from their mistakes (hint: they cant).This latest update peaked a lot of interest in players regarding the fresh start server that temporarily blocked pay to win.As a patron (who paid $15 subscription to skip queues) that wanted a fresh start, I've played this game for about 2 hours but my steam tracked 28 hours which is mostly from the queue and restarting the game. I stopped counting my disconnects, duplicate login, crashes, and black screen errors because it was easier to track the times I was able to login and play: 4 times.This company has no foresight in their community and lacks any authentic communication. Avoid this game and spend your time/money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,304030,15080480,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,お構いなく,Pay2Win Game
,Not Recommended,304030,15102700,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Egeis,"This game scammed me out of the game time that came with the package I ordered at launch!  The login queues were so long I could not use the game time that came with my package.  Most of the time I have on record, about 42+ of those hours were spent in beta before the login issues.   I could not wait in a 8 hour queue to play a game; you would think with issues like this the game time as part of the deal would have  been extended a little.   I have been waiting a long time to click on the ""NO"" for recommendation for this reason alone.Its a shame to, I really enjoyed the gameplay and story of this game to."
76561198081042820,Not Recommended,304030,28931592,Posted: 1 January,all,NETHER SKY,"Shenanigans!Great game bad business model. My advice to these big money grabbing corperations is to become the ingame 3rd faction, the money hungry, dictating villians. If WE, the other factions win you stop trying to treat us like a wall street hedge fund."
12345698721369774,Not Recommended,304030,28337738,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Basra,58 hours played but only 1 hour in game. I'm sure the game is nice but I wouldn't know since I mistakingly downloaded QueueAge.
,Not Recommended,304030,17218974,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[VtM] Serpent,This was the best MMO In a while but sooner or later you will have to deal or be affected by the publisher trion. in all honesty theses people should go to jail. They had silly buy in for early accsess and promised better rates latter on for the playes that had faith in the game. then failed to give the rates later. even had the attitude that of just ignore it. as for the hacker issues alone they just did not care. i feel bad for company that made this game. it is truly amazing but i never touch a game that trion has anything to do with. There support is next to none and all honesty should be taken off the market.Trion has completly ruined this game!
76561198026733730,Not Recommended,304030,15076800,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mishable,"I rarely give negative reviews to games but this one I feel obligated to warn away as many unsuspecting players as possible.  It's not just me, either.  I bought a copy of this for a friend and started the game with a happy bubbling guild of 50 people.  Sure, we had fun during the first few weeks despite the 900+ person queues.  What MMO ever launches without a few hitches, right?A few months later, guild dissolved as nearly everyone quit, most people gone due to rage and disappointment with the game's mismanagement. It turns out the client is fundamentally flawed to such a degree that hackers and exploiters could do everything from claim valuable real estate from afar to duplicate some of the most valuable and necessary items in the game. Never in all the years I have played MMOs have I seen so many bots - herds of them running rampant.   As if that was not bad enough, Trion introduced items into the cash shop that undermined cornerstones of the economy.  Now add in a very toxic and angry community where trolling is not only tolerated but encouraged...I could go on, but that's just the tip of the crapberg.  I offer this review as a public service - don't waste your time or money on this one.  There are hundreds of games more worthy of it."
,Not Recommended,304030,15084660,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fuzz,Probably the only game I regret paying for. Worst game ever.
,Not Recommended,304030,30110444,Posted: 22 February,all,Butts,"Buying the founder's pack for this game in 2013 started what I consider to be the worst two years of my life. In all honesty, I was never good at this game, but I did enjoy it in the beginning. The PVE was fun, and the ability to change classes with a little gold was amazing. However over the two years I played I spent over 1k just so I could craft the best gear and have a nice house. I obviously regret every penny.My guild became a cesspool of corruption that only let a select few people get good gear and refused to help anyone else in any way. The community was so toxic that it made every aspect of the game awful and made a lot of genuinely good people quit.I assume it might have gotten better, but in all honesty the p2w aspect kills all redemption."
,Not Recommended,304030,30181237,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr. Biggles ♥,Good game. Shame about the company running it.
76561198071327662,Not Recommended,304030,29516310,Posted: 26 January,all,🍜Kenpachi Ramasama🍱,"Let's make this quick..1: Archer can't shoot far.2: You can't ""cheat"" and take shots at enemy's while you're on a wall that they can't climb up. They become ""immune"".3: You can't talk in the chat till you're level 15 which takes a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of time to reach that level.(Unless you pay ofc)I can't ask for help or communicate with anyone so this is hardly a multiplayer game till you're level 15.4: You can only have 1 character for 2 servers. So if you want to try out the differient story's, you need to delete one which takes 10 minutes..it's tedious.5: If you take too long to complete an elite daily quest (at level 12) , it resets and you just need to deal with it. The day isint over but ♥♥♥♥ you, right?The only thing I actualy like about this game is the character creation. Thats about it."
76561198022426776,Recommended,304030,28800081,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,roberts2365,"I loved this game when it first came out.  Only really quit because of work and not having many friends play.  I'm getting back into it though and it seems just as fun as before.  Not many other MMOs have the same kind of trade and professions that this game does.  I have no issues paying a subscription for an MMO, and I wish they would just make it mandatory to eliminate the cash shop.  I wish the p2w elements were not there but the game is so much fun otherwise I will deal with it until a better alternative is released."
76561198044067657,Not Recommended,304030,15576384,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sky Dragon,"There are a few things wrong with this game but mainly the labor system is what ruined the whole experience for me. I don't know if anyone else had specifically emphasized how bad of a (semi-)loot system this is, it doesn't feel like you’re earning anything. Basically if you want to get anything or do anything in this game regardless of…anything you have to use labor, it limits how much stuff you can get on a given day. This is dumb because labor recharges at a fairly slow rate and the only way to speed this up is to buy labor potions with either gold (which kind of defeats the financial purpose) or with real money. The combat is decent but I can’t pvp because my armour is♥♥♥♥♥♥ so half the time I’m either letting my character auto smack a scarecrow all day or just playing a different video game while my labor fills up because that’s what I want to do in Archage….play another video game.Edit: I wanted to post this review 2 months sooner but it wasn't on the steam page for some reason, even though I got this game through steam. Also it doesn't show how much hours I put into this game, but I have been playing this game since beta and its launch day."
,Not Recommended,304030,29580534,Posted: 29 January,all,A Stale Bagel,Play this game if you have lots of money
76561198055498212,Not Recommended,304030,22236711,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,OldManJenkins,Played the game for 700+ hours-Worked through the grind to max level-Geared myself pretty well-Decided it was time to try some trade running with my friends-Cruising through the ocean with a trade ship full of packs-A single credit card warrior destrots my entire crewPlayed runescape for a week and already enjoy it more
,Not Recommended,304030,22313529,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ezio316,"Pros: amazing concept of an MMO, story is okay, free roam is very good, game is free, can play with friends.Cons: the game relies on micro-transactions (Pay 2 Win), $15 monthly fee to really experience the game to the fullest, game gets repetitive, game crashes at random moments sometimes.Overall rating: 6/10"
,Not Recommended,304030,30120451,Posted: 23 February,all,Pyko,"Absolutely fabulous game.Only to be ruined by pay to win, poor management and slap on the wrist punishments for hacking."
,Not Recommended,304030,16415370,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sorata | 空太,ArcheAge used to be a great MMO. But TRIONs greed destroyed it completely.I miss the alpha.rip in pepperoni
76561198007526933,Not Recommended,304030,26224948,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Silvis,"OverviewGood game, but the Pay-2-Win style really takes away from it. Trion is basically incompetent when it comes to trying to actually make the game better, but the core game is good enough. The content is what you make it, because the story isn't all that compelling and it won't keep you engaged. The PVP is fantastic in this game so long as the guilds/server isn't toxic.Pros/Cons+Great graphics for open world MMORPG+Great community most of the time+PVP is top notch when not versus Pay-2-Win player-Content Sux-Pay-2-Win-RNGesus hate you"
,Not Recommended,304030,15080012,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,wahoo!,steam offers refunds thanks
,Not Recommended,304030,15104067,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wiggle Niggle,- Leveling is slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥- Infested with weaboos- Taxing on computer- Same music on loop for hours- p2w- Not fun unless you pay4/10 not worth
76561198209860701,Not Recommended,304030,29597336,Posted: 30 January,all,keithbarrett07,"Not recomended, I found myself not able to play this game as because of GLPH and the same happen when i bought RIFT, the company that provides service is rubbish. All they say is that sorry so many people are connected to us we will later support you. So if you have regisrate with the company good luck."
76561197984365101,Not Recommended,304030,16159422,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Moufisto,"Was this game worth my time?No.Enough said.(I've played more than my steam account suggests, when it first came out.)"
,Not Recommended,304030,11773469,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Vito 🐙 Holo,"ded game.  the only people left are dillusional trion fanboy cucks, 20 roleplayers still out there somewhere,  and toxic whales crying on reddit.  if you don't fit in those 3 categories then you are a meatshield for the whale zerg and don't matter  anyway.I'm kidding best game ever."
,Recommended,304030,29683543,Posted: 3 February,all,Pika,"Gave it another shot since the launch was horrible, and hopped on the new fresh start server. Enjoying the game much more than before. Much more enjoyable with friends and would not really recommend going solo otherwise it will be extremely difficult for you to accomplish tasks. Also recommend starting on the fresh start servers since they were created not too long ago."
,Not Recommended,304030,29955045,Posted: 15 February,all,JamoPak,I tried hard to love this game but it feels impossible to do so.
76561197961881381,Not Recommended,304030,28339828,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dark Moses,"Pay to win, period. I do not care how you sugar coat it or mask it, it is pay to win. Examples you say? Spend real life money to obtain anything you want on the auction house (The best gear, etc.)."
,Not Recommended,304030,21744168,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Demonic Benefactor,"Pros:Gliding,Sailing,Cons:Everything Else,Trion managed to break almost every aspect of one of the best Korean mmos.A tragic shame,  they really had no idea how to manage this game.Stay clear,  it's dead.  And new players will not make a dent in progress."
,Not Recommended,304030,34870732,Posted: 10 September,all,sirduggins,"Best and most in depth MMO i've ever played. I saw a video of this game in alpha and followed it ever since. I played quite a lot during beta (which was the most fun this game had to offer). The number of possible class combinations is insane. You set up trade routes to deliver goods which are usually guarded by the enemy faction. If they kill you, they get that gold for all your hard work. Many of those trade routes take part across the ocean. You had to build your own boat or hitch a ride on someone elses to get across. The seas were usually filled with pirates (actual players) or the enemy faction, who could again, sink your boat and steal everything.This concept is the best I've seen in any game to date, and it was executed SOOO well. The only problem with this game (and it is such a flaw that it ruins all the good) is that you have to spend thousands and thousands of dollars to keep up. Literally the person who puts the most money in will win in any battle. Sure you can get decent gear from grinding out gold (which it what i did, I never put more than like $100 into this game aside from subscription) but you will NEVER catch up. It is literally impossible. By the time you grind to get gear where you can do %25 of someones health before dying, it will be time for the game to update, releasing better gear. The people who spend money will have that gear in days, where it would take the genuine players like 6+ months.Also, the only people still playing this game are the ones who have put thousands of dollars into it, so unless you want someone to farm you for honor every day, don't even think about playing this. Hopefully the game will die like it deserves to and some other developer/publisher will make a game like this and do it right."
76561198091885821,Not Recommended,304030,30182149,Posted: 25 February,all,Albert Wesker,let me tell you a little something about ArcheAge i have minimum atleast 500 hours including non steam gamplay and its just not worth it it was a really great game you knowwith the epic trailer you'd be dying to play it and its new game play you can swim get on ships air ships use animals gliders vehiclels u can build a castle and defend it and the land that u now own you can build a home u can farm but its all meaning less unless your going to be always on and be a P2W cuz thats what this game is now and if your gonna be a F2P goodluck to ya cuz i payed for this game so i got 3months free P2W and hell when it run out everything was so much harder to do hell u are like a peasant and the P2W's are the KINGS and Queens
,Not Recommended,304030,35056447,Posted: 18 September,all,[BDG] Kiwi.,"Archeage.. where to start..I brought the $150 founders pack in beta, I played for over a year and a half with a sub, even spent money in the in-game shop every other week for all sorts of crap and lemme tell you..Hands down the biggest waste of time and money i've ever spent on a game.Archeage is a lifestyle, if you wanna get good be prepared to LIVE on it and dump cash monthly. Oh and don't take a break, you'll loose 90% of it.0/10 Never coming back, GG Trion."
76561197970772453,Not Recommended,304030,15101700,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Aequinox,Pay 2 Win at it's finest. Worst company ever. Stay away.A shame that steam re-added the game in the shop.
76561198006256633,Not Recommended,304030,22910357,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Runits,"super pay to win,"
,Not Recommended,304030,16733391,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gamerman5k♥,This game used to be the only thing that could make me happy. Now it's trash. Trion failed me.
76561198023025371,Not Recommended,304030,29244681,Posted: 14 January,all,YuckMyLife,Bad game it needs to be instanced housing or something there is never no where to build anything and it's makes the game less imo
,Not Recommended,304030,16586353,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Xellos ︻デ═一,"Just look above how much hours I've spent on this game. I was playing since beta. I must confess, it is really a pay to win MMORPG. I had like 4 patron accounts running on 4 different PC's just to be able to accumulate labor points to use for crafting. I owned so many lands and have houses and was doing end game raid dungeons. I spent quite a lot of money and time on this game but it disappointed me at the end. My character is very powerful and I can stand up to most of the elite people in the server and it was fun for a while but the pay to win system really ruined it for me too. I ended up just giving my accounts and all my items, gears, lands, etc. to my friend. We have a big house and she likes decorating stuff so I just gave it all to her and I went back here on Steam playing the games here. Now enjoying playing Witcher 3... lolAnyways, ya.. if you don't have the time and money to spend on this game.. don't do it. You are very limited if you don't have patron status which means you have to pay monthly or whatever plan you chose. I have a decent income so I payed for the 4 accounts all payed up to 6 months. Ugh... I could have used that money instead to get another GTX 980Ti or even a Titan X!  That's it for me... no MMORPGs until Blade & Soul comes out... -_-"
,Recommended,304030,29548428,Posted: 28 January,all,Loth,"The game itself is probably the best MMO I played and ever will play, the open world/sea, naval combat, the class/skill variety (yes there is more than just Darkrunners ;^)) is all really good and fun, the crime system is prolly the best there is in place, but since its player driven and most are just potatos (and dont have a mindset for being on a jury probably) it doesnt work as intended. :P Also keep in mind that it is a asian MMO, so come in with the mindset that it will be a grind, also see this game as a subscription based game, the free2play aspect is in my opinion just to test the game, without a lvl restrictions like others do, but I wouldn't suggest anyone playing it without Patron status. The main problem I have with this game is who runs it, Trion and XL Games, since Trion only publishes it in the west, everything wrong they have to discuss with XL, wich makes fixing stuff take quite a while. The other thing is all the whining about pay2win, it isnt more p2w than anything else, you could say WoW is p2w too if you go that far, If you want something from the shop you can buy the credits ingame with gold also, so there is no paywall that you cant breach otherwise. ArcheAge is either a grind aquireing the gear you want (farm up the gold to buy it) or you make it yourself without investing in it, or you invest in it with RL money, but that doesnt guarantee you anything, you can be in the same place after spending hundereds of $ than someone that hasnt spend a cent on it (depends on your luck, since yay RNG). All in all after 1k+ hours on steam and probably 3k hours on the normal client, it was a worthy experience and I doubt there will be anything as good as ArcheAge for me personally to play in the near future."
76561198047981575,Recommended,304030,29490460,Posted: 25 January,all,Falko,"If you dont plan on spending $400+ USD, plus $15 usd a month, I would not recommend."
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,304030,24233363,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Crisis,this game I cant reccomend to put money into.play it for free if you like. but in the end you will seethis game is almost forcing you to invest money.even if you dont like to.the grapics look nice.and there are some fun elements in this game. like gliding.but pvp is not that much fun and gets fustrating fast.all in all I did not like this game.have fun playing it
76561198064425416,Not Recommended,304030,18955721,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Muisteloinen,Buy to win game.
,Not Recommended,304030,11671127,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,♠ Frost  ♠,"Archeage.....Where do I startWell I think I will start from the beginning, Long ago in a time where game companies made games for fun and enjoyment Archeage was born. It orignated in a land known as Korea. Now Korea or XL games decided to make a truly openworld sandbox MMORPG. Their creation was truly brilliant. Trion Studios the creators of Rift, Defiance and Trove all good games decided to make a western port for us American/Australian/New Zealand/English Folk. I first heard about the game May 2014. The game had been out in Alpha for about a couple of weeks I believe. I saw the game on steam advertising founder packs for access to alpha/beta testing. I myselfn was curious as I saw it was being produced by Trion Studios and I am a big fan of Rift and have sunk a decent amount of time into it along with Defiance. So I decided to do some research on the game. I couln't believe how bad♥♥♥♥♥♥the game sounded, I don't know about you but sometimes when I read a book I like to just have a relaxing adventure not some heartstopping action all the time and have a break from the danger. Like when they are describing a picturesque scene somewhere I just like imagining relaxing/swimming through the rivers and what not. I don't know if this is weird but I love a book like that.Anyway I heard about the amazing aspects Archeage had to show, first thing I learnt about was the trade runs. A trade run is where you gather certain materials and turn it into a pack that your chracter carries, this slows you into a walk. You then have to transport it from Point a to point b, the cool thing about this is the further that you take the pack the more gold you will recieve when you turn it into a gold trader. The gold gets mailed to you on a 22 hour time period I believe with 22% interest. So the game had this whole economy thing going that I just loved.I began to watch youtube videos about this and night after night before going to sleep I would read up on the game and watch people play the alpha. I just knew this game was going to be special!I then learnt about the naval aspects with sailing/pirating. Now I was about to have an ♥♥♥♥♥♥!! A massive open world no instanced areas! And you can sail between continents delivering goods to far off lands! This just sounded too good to be true. The water was a massive turn on for me! Have you seen how gorgeus the waters surface looks! Its good enough to make a grown man cry!I was holding off on purchasing my way into the Alpha as it cost $150 USD and I was a little sceptical as I wasn't sure if it was worth that much money. However one evening I decided to make the purchase! I bought the game and sat down shoving my homework to one side. I eagerly sat awaiting it to install while browsing through beginner tutorials. I couldn't wait to get a farm set up and start my life as an honest samaritan before turning into a pirate at the max level and raiding un suspecting traders!My first character was a Firran, He was a stone arrow I believe which is a mixture of Archery, Shadowplay and Defense. It was like a tanking rogue. I had alot of fun on that character believe me the adventures me and Severin shared were incredible. Alpha housed some of the most amazing gaming memories I have. Nothing even the atrocious piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is today, we'll get to that, will change my love for the adventures that were had! I remember I had a lovely farm cottage set up on the hills overlooking the ocean with a massive mountain with lush forest for a backdrop. It was so peaceful logging in and greeting my neighbouring farmer who set up his house on a plot near me. I worked so hard and eventually I had enough materials to build a Galleon Ship. This is a massive warship with 8 cannons and a crows nest. I said goodbye to my guild as I was about to set off on the life of a pirate! I then began the process of stealing other peoples crops and trees. I also in war periods in certain zones began killing members of my own faction. As other people came across my wrong doings they would report me and slowly buy surely my crime points began to rise...Eventually when I had done so much misdoings and commited enough cold blooded murders I was kicked out and exiled from my continent Halcyona. My friend and I set sail for Growlgate isle nervous but excited none the less for our new journey. I couldn't believe I had been playing the game for over a  month! It felt just yesterday I had started my journey in the Falcorth Plains! As the sunset and a mist gathered across the ocean we were cast into darkness. I was steering blindly as wave after wave pounded the bow of our ship. Salty air whipped my face as I clung to the wheel in desperation. My friend scoured the map to make sure we were on course!A few moments later we were under attack from monsterous jellyfish! My mate swept out his sword and began to fight for his life while protecting me as I was vulnerable trying to keep the ship under control! I remember watching hopelessly as he fought valiantly. Eventually he drove them off and the wind changed. With a burst of speed with set off into the unknow.The clouds began to part and we could see an island in the distance. My friend assured me that it was Growlgate. With butterflies in my stomach we set forth for a new life as a pirate.As we docked into the port we could hear the bustling port packed with life. I looked up and saw a pirate tending his livestock. Long story short, much fun was had over teamspeak with our new guild as we raided and plundered the high seas! We even defeated the Kraken the worlds largest boss!Do you get what I'm saying, the game in Alpha was fantastic! I remember the fateful day came when the Alpha servers were about to go down that night. Their was a massive party by all and every race got together and enjoyed their time together before our characters would be wiped from existence. There are some great screenshots of the last day of Alpha out there if you google them. I remember I was partying it up with my guild at mirage isle (the main shopping island). Then that time came round and I lost Severin...  I cried manly tears of course.Beta testing arrived. I was kind of put off as I didn't want to lose another character again for launch. So I only leveled to about 26 and stopped awaiting launch on September 16th.Launch Day...If you were unfortunate enough to have experienced Launch day for yourself then you will know what I'm talking about. To cut a story short the Launch day was a disaster. Their were ques for hours just to log in and then when people got in they got disconnected. There were ques where people were 12,000 in line!!! And it said estimated time left 28 hours!!! This was unacceptable and Trion were not prepared for such large numbers wanting to play the game.I myself was a patron at the time so I got priority and got in, in about 5 minutes.As land was not instanced there was only so much land left. I was luck enough to get my self a 16x16 farm plot but in a couple of hours there was almost no land left. Many people were up in arms as they couldn't have their own farm as bots stole alot of it and were selling it off for real money.I started a Nuian on the other continent called Starlix. He was a Hellweaver, which was a odd class to play I must say. It was a mixture of Battlerage,Sorcery and shadowplay. So basically a warrior mage rogue all in one.I remember 16x16 wasn't enough space to grow crops so I had so much fun adventuring around the zones climbing up mountains that looke unclimable and gliding to far off pastures to plant as much crops as possible. A person I met once up n the hills was called Divinity she was so nice to me, Thanks Divinity <3 I have no more room left so long story short the game is crap its ptw. If you want good gear you need to buy RNG boxes. No endgame content either.RIP Archeage you will be missed :("
,Not Recommended,304030,35064119,Posted: 19 September,all,Donkey Jones,I ain't trying to pay a ton of money just to have a passable time in a dying game. Nice try though.
,Not Recommended,304030,35109030,Posted: 21 September,all,c0ldrudi ٩͡๏̯͡๏۶,Too much p2w now. It was a great mmo when it arrived.
76561198094145159,Not Recommended,304030,21777015,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Oromae,"Here it is many months since I quit this game over the rampant and unpunished cheating that was taking place, and lo and behold, checking the game forums on a lark, I see that cheating still goes unpunished.http://forums.archeagegame.com/showthread.php?269046-Should-have-just-cheatedSo, sure, if you  don't mind being dominated by cheats who are at most wrist slapped for their offenses, do go ahead, purchase and install and be pwned at will."
76561198004673128,Recommended,304030,29735595,Posted: 5 February,all,Flair,"Lets get one thing straight: If you want to play Arche Age, it's not Free to Play. You need to be a Patron and pay that monthly sub. Think of it more like free to try. Without labor to use to make money with, you will be broke in Arche Age. Free players can level up to 55, and even aquire and upgrade respectable dungeon gear, but they wont be able to get past that.Game is quite buggy as well, probably too many little problems to list. Still, I have subbed now for the second month in a row and am enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,304030,21566792,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ferazu,"The first three months of release was the most fun I have ever had in an mmorpg (my 1000 hours are only on Steam, I also have around 600 hours on the regular client).Then everyone quit and now it's pretty much dead.XLGames and Trion ♥♥♥♥ed us over with their P2WIN and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decisions. Avoid this game and if you are ever thinking about returning, turn around and never look back.We all love the Archeage concept of an pvp-centric sandpark but it will never be as good as it was in alpha (when there were no cash-shop) or at release (where most of us were equally geared)."
76561198042623187,Not Recommended,304030,22111831,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,lillamaster,PAY TO WIN ALL BE WARNED
76561198297926151,Recommended,304030,29707888,Posted: 4 February,all,alexgamer6677,"This game is extremely pay to win, if you don't have the membership it is pointless to play because you basically can't do anything."
,Not Recommended,304030,28399922,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,KremathTheGayYiffyDragon,Good game ruined by horrible publisher gameplay decisions.p2w
76561198000943113,Not Recommended,304030,25671399,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,PhatMatt,"I was there from the start. Crazy addictive from the start but the rough start marred it forever. Developers, we need more games like this! Cant recommend in its current state."
,Recommended,304030,11456197,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,☭ Samoth ☭,"Fantastic game. The world feels so alive even in alpha. Start a trade empire, build a pirate armada, cultivate a farm and live the simple life. It's all up to you, can't wait for full release."
,Recommended,304030,30011145,Posted: 18 February,all,DaphiniumX,"Have never written a game review before, but aside from all the public stigmatism of ""P2W"" it is not true.First some facts:I have played 1000+ hours on steam alone, that doesn't include the 1000-2000+ before steam integration.I purchased Patron and played with it for the entire longevity of my playtime.I have played World of Warcraft for 11 years, Warhammer online for its short lifetime from start to end, Aion, Rift, AoConan, Ragnarok Online 1 + 2, FFXIV, Everquest 1 + 2, the failed NEXT alpha, Landmark,  4000hrs + EvE online, tons of runescape. Yet nothing can even come close to the model and operation of Archeage. It is singlehandedly the best crafting and timewasting MMO possible. As far as PvP goes it takes a lot of dedication and commitment to rise yourself to even to begin to be able to compete with the big boys. Most of these people who nark PVP or Pirate have been playing this game since the beginning, understand the game well, and have worked hard for all their gear.PvP in this game is a whole nother genre in itself. It's hard, breathtaking, and god dont let me mention the ships.Naval Warfare in this game is even comparable to the once great Pirates of the Burning Sea. Wishing there was more options for vessels but the ones available are gorgeous.This game will allow you to literally do anything you want.Want to spend 1000 hours planting seeds in a circle then reaping it for its crops and selling it? Yes.Want to spend 500 hours diving to the depths of the ocean to look for treasure? Yes.Want to ride around on your sexy red farm wagon while taking finely aged cheese for gold? Yes.Want to run around and kill your own faction and laugh as they cry? Yes.Want to know more? Play."
,Not Recommended,304030,15532081,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,「最高PSYCHO」,"ArcheAge is basically a p2qsb(pay to quasi-sandbox) game. If you're fine with that, then go ahead and play.Just note that the combat is clunky, the optimalization is quite bad, and the PvP system makes the game unplayable(at times) for anyone playing solo or in a small guild. Also, the crafting interface can make your brain melt!Of course not everything is bad - I'll admit that I did enjoy the sailing part of the experience, but after a month of playing the seas became crowded with hostile ships, which made it quite impossible to just chill on a boat...Overall, would I recommend it? Maybe if you have a huge active pvp-oriented guild, and want to play together, but unless that's true, I won't."
76561197962084709,Not Recommended,304030,11847185,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Ironsides,"I cant recommend this game at the moment just incase you spend the cash and have whats happening to me happen to you..Ok just a quick one did an update now caught on log in screen tried all the recommended fixes still wont run reinstalled the game still wont run, running all the latest drivers its still alpha i know but down 150 bucks for a game i cant play many people are having the same pause at spalsh logo (poem screen) this is the last pre purchase of a game that i will ever make. ill come back and update at release."
76561198045965204,Not Recommended,304030,29814595,Posted: 9 February,all,Wheathins,No words for how bad this is
76561198004925226,Not Recommended,304030,32790707,Posted: 25 June,all,Sentroosi,"Very pay to win. The amount of land in the game does not allow for everyone to have even a little bit of land, especially since people just rush land grabbing with numerous characters only holding the land until they can develop it later. Cookie cutter builds are definitely a thing. Ocean exploration would be fun, if it were more interesting. Was hoping for a fantasy Eve Online style gameplay and it does somewhat live up to that. Also Zerg Guilds sort of ruin the fun of the game with the sheer numbers they can produce."
76561197966077016,Not Recommended,304030,28394721,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mannox,"I don't think there is a better example in MMORPG history of an awesome game that was ♥♥♥♥♥d out.  ArcheAge is at its core one of the most phenomenal games anyone can play.  The freedom, the memorable experiences, the combat and just sheer thrill of adventure it can bring is unmatched in todays market.  That said it is also one of the most disgusting pay to win games I have ever seen.  Trion cares NOTHING for its audience.  They want your money.  Every cent their dirty hands can get.  AA could have been great.  It could have been so popular but it is owned by greedy suits that are not gamers.  They are just businessmen who want your money.  Truly disgusting and heartbreaking.  RIP ArcheAge."
,Recommended,304030,30043256,Posted: 19 February,all,Fish Turtlez,Its ok with friends
76561197970683733,Not Recommended,304030,29577071,Posted: 29 January,all,III DMO III,terrible asian grinder with a community full of douchesterrible business modelterrible performanceterrible queststotally grind heavy and unrewarding crafting systemits just another niche pvp game where no life alpha guilds would ruin it even if it didnt suck.
76561198030753645,Not Recommended,304030,28352819,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Callaway,"Four days wasted trying to log into the game after ""fresh start"" launch. The freshness has gone stale. Not worth your time."
,Recommended,304030,28430640,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,0x7c00,"Troin is terrible, they make this game have some game breaking aspects to it...but that being said, the community is amazing,the gameplay is exciting,the crafting is expansive,Guild Vs Guild is epic,the makret is thriving,graphics are ok-good,and there is TONS of class varieties.But there is a labor system, that almost kept me from play this game.so I'd say it's 50-50 if you'll enjoy the game"
,Not Recommended,304030,11514244,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ApocGold,"Huge fail... I thought this was going to be an amazing game. Went all in on it, and 2 months in all the same bugs glitches and dupes. Trion and XL Games focusing on the cash grab in the cash shop while the game is crumbling around them. If you have paid for anything in this game I recommend you contact your CC company and try to get the transactions reversed. Most banks already have Trion on their watch list and don't ask many questions."
,Not Recommended,304030,11530544,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Apathy,"Note: I played this for months before it was released on steam.  I reached level cap, build my ship, farmed Hasla, etc... So ignore my 0.0 hrs logged on steam for this game. They were late to the party on getting it on steam.Very innovative, but Dev's and the parent dev company are compeltely lost on what the community actually wants.At its core, this MMO is BETTER than any other MMO.  It offers more in it's general idea.  The aspect of building your own ship from scratch, sailing the open seas, diving for treasure, exploring shipwrecks, and killing sea monsters... These things are groundbreaking to the MMO genre.It has a very decent questing system that doesn't feel too grindy.  The class systems are very well done, and they avoid falling into the cookie-cutter rut of class building that 99% other MMO's fall into.  You really can play your way, choose your own skills, and build the class you want, as long as you play smart about it.It does lack in some skill trees though.  I wish there were summoner type classes, as well as psionic/telekinetic types that never get any love.Items are unrestricted, you can use anything.  You're given great freedom over how you want to play and theorycraft your character. This is another aspect where AA beats other MMO's.The game looks great, and plays great. It's easy to get around, explore, do quests, form parties, etc.Where the game fails is at its developement team.  They aren't doing a good job of protecting the game against botters or hackers.  They DO NOT listen to the community at all, no matter how they might try and comfort their fans on the forums.. It's often ""We'll say we'll fix it, but we will show we don't give a !@#$.""A MAJOR problem with the game, that caused me to quit playing after reaching 50 is that there is not NEARLY enough housing space available.  And you need a house to craft properly, and you need to craft properly to build the ships you want, and weapons you want.  You can try to otherwise, but it will take you 10 times longer than everyone else. You will fall behind the curve, and get smashed in PVP encounters.The crafting of end-game items requires so many materials, it becomes a grindfest.  To the devs i say this: THIS ISN'T FUN!All in all, you have a game that looks good, plays good, sounds good, and has a ton of content and options.. It's technically better than every other MMO out there.  But the way it's crafting and housing system has been designed is poorly balanced and is killing off numbers of players for the game.  And its supported by 2 dev teams (Trion and then AA's parent Korean Dev team) that can't make ends meet in providing support and care for their game.I can recommend playing through to level cap, but don't get any big ideas of crafting a Black Pearl pirate ship, or building a big house for yourself - Those are unrealistic ideas in this game.  Which is a shame because they are the funnest aspects.ArcheAge really should have taken a page out of Ultima Online, and really given more freedom to players on where to build houses and made land more available.What a giant let down... This game was supposed to revolutionize MMO's. and it could have.  But the dev's ruined that opportunity.  This could have been a WoW killer if they would have done it right."
76561198061531442,Not Recommended,304030,15227995,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Murrax9,I kinda feel scammed.... I bought it and then they said it was going to be a F2P MMO.....
,Not Recommended,304030,11739564,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Zews,"I had fun for a bit, then it was just being camped by people who leveled up faster then me. The server just had people constantly bashing because of a guild I chose to be in, even if I didn't do anything but level. I played til level 44, but stopped because I grew bored. The guild raids were fun though."
,Not Recommended,304030,15509728,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,CatNightTV,"I want to say that when this game was new I was excited at the prospects of everything you could do. The world itself is actually pretty neat with beautiful water effects, player housing, mounts, farming, fishing, trade and lots of quests and other activities to do. It was actually very fun... for a while.My Cons:They are taking land away from thousands of players by merging servers.The Labor system sucks the joy out of the game.The community is largely toxic.Pay to win big time. (Gold spammers are in heaven.)Hacking is really bad and obvious.Devs don't care, Trion does not care.Combat is boring and lackluster button mashing.PvP is very unbalanced gear & skill wise.The economy is terrible and constantly in huge swings.Few dungeons, limited rewards.End game becomes a grind in a very limited area.You cant customize your characters body, only the face/hair.Crafted end game armor thats basically plate on a swimsuit. (and not even that great looking)You cant dye a majority of the armor so your stuck on the color it comes in typically.Farming takes up hours and hours and hours and is boring to tears.The castles sieges are stupid, you pay a lot of gold for the right to seige (1 guild at a time) on a very limited twice a month basis. Guilds have been known to bid on thier own seige rights.The criminal justice system is basically a good way to get picked on and works backwards, punish them and their entire guild hunts yours down, they get out of jail in 10 minuetes and keep your stuff.Sound is generic and repetitive.Crafting is a gamble, grind, money, and labor sink. (Unless you pay to win!)I would rather do just about anything else, I spent so much time here and mainly it was because of friends."
,Not Recommended,304030,25604105,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Gittons,"I am just here to say to not play this game, nothing else needs to be said but eh.it had a great concept, great trailers and teasers but then they rammed so much garbage and P2W that it died before it was even born."
76561198000941770,Not Recommended,304030,35277383,Posted: 28 September,all,Spider-Juan,bad game dont play this
76561198159876323,Not Recommended,304030,29840779,Posted: 10 February,all,Raven,Don't fall into the trap.
76561198137980500,Not Recommended,304030,29801128,Posted: 9 February,all,OzyS,"Ok. so step by stepTried it last year... 1. download, 2. fix loading error, 3. fix next issue, 4. delete all, 5. reinstall start over step 2,3, 6. still cant get it working properly, 5. ok ... will let them work on it and will try it next year.Tried again today: ....1. download, 2. nothing changed, 3. Bye"
76561197965808024,Not Recommended,304030,15350893,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dragon163,"No matter how much money you spend on this game or how loyal you are, you still get crap customer scervice and treated like trash by Trion who will try and con you out of every cent you own. Then bann you when you complain because they lied to you."
,Not Recommended,304030,15178517,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The Greens,I think the game was amazing but they always hade the same quest like kill a sertain amount of monsters and then when I got amother quest it was the same but different monsters.
76561198136560306,Not Recommended,304030,16368997,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ChemistChibi,unless you are looking for a money pit of a pay to win game dont play this
76561198088684393,Not Recommended,304030,17417896,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,GkSanchez,This game is both the definition and embodiment of Pay 2 win. Avoid at all costs.
,Recommended,304030,18478395,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Da Epic Frog,It's an alright game. It does take a lot of time and a pretty low skillcap compared to most other MMO's I've played just seeing how there is definitely best builds and all the combinations aren't equally strong. But all in all it's a great game.
,Recommended,304030,18739134,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Redrain,"Everyone shouting this game is p2w. Seriously which game is not?Gameplay, graphics, balance everything is perfect. So play and experience it."
76561198036695393,Not Recommended,304030,20572852,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Phi1ippe,Good game....But the P2W ruins it...
,Recommended,304030,23778500,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,justarandom,The grind is real dont get me wrong and money does help but time and dedication.. do payoff just takes a long time. Not a single person in this game has achieved the max gear score. Lastly this game is not free to play. its free to try but its 100% a subscription game if you wish to play (can be obtained through in game currency).
,Not Recommended,304030,30133554,Posted: 23 February,all,NextJensenn,♥♥♥♥ NoTrion sucks
,Not Recommended,304030,29570200,Posted: 29 January,all,AndypwnZ,"Dont waste your important time, energy and money on this p2w, laggy, grindy and unbalanced piece of trash game. THUMBS DOWN 👎 !"
,Recommended,304030,29827344,Posted: 10 February,all,Suicide Pills (SGT. Pepper),Fun and intreging game. Real sense of community.
,Not Recommended,304030,29596988,Posted: 30 January,all,Maddera,"10/10, I love loading screens, but this better! A green bar in the middle of it claiming to update my Glyph but in reality it won't go past what I'm assuming is 25% is a whole new level! Truly I believe this should win ""Best Skyrim Ripoff"" cause the loading time is even longer! I don't know why the are a bunch of images of a good game in the preview though."
76561198032080995,Not Recommended,304030,21504357,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Valektra,"Sadly I pre-ordered only to find out it's entirely pay to win.  You don't pay, you can't get plots or use the AH.  You also get super low labor points - so low, it's barely enough to open the loot bags you get from killing generic trash mobs, let alone actually craft.  Started with high hopes, ended with wasted time and a lighter wallet."
76561198043950022,Not Recommended,304030,21598505,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,leonn3k,"i do not recommend, bad mmo and bad game."
,Not Recommended,304030,25141227,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,s8. DrDee,"There are two types of people who will really enjoy this game:1. Those who don't mind an decent ongoing financial investment to get a pretty feature rich MMORPG experience.2. A hacker or exploiter, lots to gain with very little repercussion.For me (as a founder) I have found that I am neither of these and moved on."
76561198058089075,Not Recommended,304030,29473936,Posted: 24 January,all,DevlinR | trade.tf,If you dont feal like:1) Paying for patronor2)grinding for hours to pay for patronthen i would not recommend this game
76561198007496286,Not Recommended,304030,11772112,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,SmileyCyrus,"My review was once positive.  That was during the alpha phase when I bought two Archeum founders packs.  Let me tell you something, I was a damn fool!  A damn naive fool.The game started out pretty, decently fun, nice soothing sound and music,  to me, and granted I am old enough to have played games since they were text.  I have a myriad of games under my belt.  Ok, you get it, I was digging the game.Trion screwed up the launch worse than any game I have ever seen.  Yes, I was there for WoW and all of its expansions launches.  Yes, I was there for Anarchy Online, DDO, so many games.  They totally failed to provide and live up to the promises they made their founders.  So much for bonus items at launch, for a headstart, etc...  You coud not even get into the game.  The queue times were 16+ hours.  And once people found that out they would not log out.  They would run circles afk.  Trion did not care.  ALL the land was gone in mere minutes.  Even land that was impossible to get to at launch.  Hackers were rampant and domiating.  Trion did  not care.What Trion did care about was micro-transactions and that stuff was spot on.  They updated that stuff like crazy.  They cared not about the economy being blown by hackers and their massive failure to provide.  They just used that as fuel to sell micro-transactions.  Some conjecture that Trion allowed the issues to go on for that purpose, some even conjecture Trion was secretly funding the hackers or that they were workers from the Korean side.  I wouldn't doubt it to be honest.  Trion is some dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  Once the economy started balancing out and people start getting rare items that the hackers were cashing in on.  Trions turns and ups the drops rates to like 90%, overnight items went from 2k gold to 80 gold.  The have nots that farmed their asses off to make a sell and some back were screwed.Back to land, land was promised, land makes the game go round.  There was none.  They opened new servers and added a message on existing servers ""Want land?  Come to server xxxx""  Guess what?  Even if you wanted to abandon your progress and move servers to a new toon, there was no land.  Even though that message was up for weeks the land was gone in minutes.  It was a token effort to fight against refund and poor BBB reviews.Censorship.  NEVER have I seen forum moderators so heavy handed on censoring the truth.  If you spoke a tiny bit of negativity, even if the truth, you could and would be banned.  Especially on any really dirty practices in customer service.Customer service was literally non-existant for 6-8 weeks, when they did hire more it was automated, you were in a queue for days to weeks.  So long in fact that when you asked for your entitled refund they told you that you were past time to get a refund even though it was their fault.  They even argued that through the BBB with MANY customers who posted their dealings on the forums.Now more than ever, the game is heavy into hackers, cheaters, and microtransaction.  It is more pay to win than a $1000 hooker.  There was a guy, I kid you not, working on his own land.  A hacker come up and was stareing at his owner ship plate, the guy ask him what was up, and the hacker hacked his land in front of his face.  They guy had screenshots of it happening.  Trion's stance, we do not refund or return land.  Period.  So it didnt matter if you were hacked with proof or if Trion's own bug screwed you, you were out of luck.  You basically had to buy real money items to get back into the game.  And if a bug or hacker somehow got your store items you had a receipt for, well, that was tough also.  No guarentees.They stated that is was a ruthless, player driven, pvp based enviroment and if someone got over on you whether it was hackers or Trion themselves, tough ♥♥♥♥!!Trion does not care about you or your experience with their product.  They do not even want YOU they want YOUR MONEY, to hell with you.Do not invest ANY money or your time (it can be better spent elsewhere) in this cashgrab of a game.  Do not give Trion ANY of your money for any game unless you REALLY do your homework and are sure.  This seems to be somewhat habitual of them."
76561198030785756,Not Recommended,304030,19262498,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Skiblet,"I can easily say this is the best game I've ever played, but not sure if I would recommend this to a new player.  If you want to experience amazing crafting and own some land that you can grow stuff on, then pay $10 for one month of patron status and enjoy (you can then use in game gold to pay for monthly patron).  If you want pvp then you will have to pay2win in order to catch up the the majority of people.Pros:Tons of content and wide range of fun activitiesGreat crafting, farrming, tradingLots of ways to build your characterCons:Huge power gap between pay2win/veteran players and free to play/new (pvp)Melee skills (battlerage) overpowered so not many true casters"
,Not Recommended,304030,29948509,Posted: 15 February,all,Earl Autism,":c too complicated, all i ever wanted to do was to build a house and there's no instructions for that!!"
76561198149211276,Not Recommended,304030,29972709,Posted: 16 February,all,slobax22,"Let me start by saying that: Whoever says this game is P2W did not play long enough or did not understand anything. Not that they are completely wrong, but they are not completely right.The next thing to say is that, if you are looking for a casual game... or if you have a real life which means something like a job you need to attend or an education you want to succeed... STOP HERE and go find yourself another game !!!Otherwise, let me tell you how you need to play this game... or how... everyone at the top are playing this game.First, one computer is not enough... buy another one and if you can afford it as much as you can.Create as much account as you want and as much character as you want. Just use your extra computer power to logg all your ""toons"" in the game. You don't need to play them, just let them in to get what is called Labor.Labor is used to craft everything and, therefore a prime ingredients in making more gold. If you pay (P2W) to get Patron you will get about 2,880 Labor per day which is fine... but if you do the trick above, with 3 toons you will get 4320 Labor per day.Now i hope you understand that the game is not totally P2W, all you need is time and computer power.As a result, as long as this game won't have a better control access... As long as you don't spend your full day in this game, you will never be able to rise to the tope."
,Not Recommended,304030,18651073,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Koilds the Weeb,"♥♥♥♥ this game.No seriouslyIt was good in the alpha and beta, hell I spent a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours in them.But this game has become so pay to win that I regret buying the alpha, even though I had such a great time in it.♥♥♥♥ trion, ♥♥♥♥ this pay to win trash."
,Recommended,304030,29752834,Posted: 6 February,all,Viperouslito,"If you have a lot of time, play this game. It can be very rewarding to progress.If you have a lot of money, you can skip a lot of the content and get all the best stuff and get RIGHT into the PvP... if you're into that.If you have neither of the above, but you have a ton of friends on board, play this game. It will open up a whole realm of opportunity for good gear and good times.Otherwise, you're going to have a pretty hard time enjoying it. I don't recommend getting into it alone unless you're seasoned with MMOs and looking to get involved with online communities.It's hard to say the game is completely P2W when paying for patron status can be done in game. Not to mention, the patron status literally pays for it's self so you have it so you never have to earn the gold to buy it again after you take a couple days to do it the first time. And as for people who dump boatloads of money into this game to get the best gear, they are paying for your content while often dying to your army of friends.The people who cry P2W do have something right... they are all losers. Either they paid and regretted it when they realized they still can't take on 2-3 moderately geared people, or didn't pay and got butthurt when a person paying for their content caught them alone.For all the vets out there, the game is not as buggy as it use to be 2 years ago. Haven't had any problems like the ones people keep crying about. Possible user error?This game has a pretty good model that supports people with a lot of either time, money, or friends. It has a handful of unique things like farming and commerce to keep you busy as well as a seamless environment with open sea combat to keep you entertained.My only real complaint is that assets sometimes struggle to load in... But I really should just go buy an SSD before complaining about that. Leave a comment if you have a question. Just thumbs me down if I triggered you."
,Not Recommended,304030,15108606,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,"benzinii ""! #Yungg_","A late-game grindfest that makes you regret every single hour you wasted playing the game.You waste hours and hours grinding something just so you can grind some other thing after.marketplace is completely influenced by pay2win users and bots (from goldsellers websites), yes bots, if you think grinding something for hours is painful, imagine trying to grind something for hours, but seeing that same item you need being dropped over and over to countless grinding bots. And that's not all, the anti-hack protection sucks, I've seen lots and lots of bots grinding the same spot for days or even weeks in a row, without being banned, with countless reports."
,Not Recommended,304030,15112778,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Maguro Man,"i really liked the game in its alpha stages, even bought the founders pack to get in on the alpha myself. I had a  blast with the game during that time since it offered almost everything I ever wanted out of an MMO paired with pretty nice graphics and an OKish combat system.Come launch that quickly changed. Due to personal issues I could not make use of my founders pack headstart and in fact could only start playing the game in earnest a week after its launch, which I figured couldnt's possibly be such a big deal.Boy, was I wrong.Personally what I liked best about ArcheAge's concept was the way that player housing and crafting tied into the whole game experience and thus, I was looking forward to buying my own plot of land and start building and farming away. I did not even mind paying my monthly Patron fee for that.Thing is, I never found a plot that was not already taken by other players; which seemed odd to me. Not only were there none in the starting zones, but I really had to search for such a long time to find room for my scarecrow garden. I never even came close to finding space large enough for my own house. (Partially that might also have been the fault of other players placing their plots deliberately in the center of building zones to make it impossible for other players to use the space around them.)This problem was made worse or perhaps even only came into existence as a result of a lot of goldsellers which led to prices on the AH skyrocketing making it impossible for me to ever aquire the recourses to build my house on land I could never hope to find.So I was left to the grindy quests for the remaining time I spent on this game, which is not really where it shines.It also bothered me that there were no language restrictions for global chat, so playing in  EU I could only ever hope to understand about 30% of what was written there as I dont speak Spanish or Russian.A lot of these issues might have become better with a lot of the playerbase quickly leaving the game; however this still leaves the heavy cash-shop focus of the game.I honestly would not reccommend playing the game, but I definitely would warn you to invest money in it, you will regret it. I do."
,Not Recommended,304030,15083369,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chii,"This game had great ideas, but went about then TERRIBLY!""get your own land to farm on, housing aswell!""Except hackers and bots got all of the land first before anyone could do anything about it so whats the point?""Sail the vast open seas! and fight pirates!""the sea is so boring and filled with the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ and what pirates? they dont exist after the nerfs to the faction.""many classes to chooose from!""Most of them are♥♥♥♥♥♥in PvP, whats the point of having these options if all of this is terrible?if you dont want to rip out you eyes and eat them i suggest not buying this Pay to WIN crap of a game. This was a blantant cash grab from Trion and they will probably go under for this garbage. Good riddance."
,Recommended,304030,15693560,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,bARcoDE,It's okay.
,Not Recommended,304030,29955019,Posted: 15 February,all,「 Sleepy 」 (>_<) /,10/10 love the uninstall ending...
,Not Recommended,304030,30241277,Posted: 28 February,all,Timmy Two Spoons,"Let's not waste our time with this game. If i want to play a mmo that when i die i lose everything, i'll go play Rust. If I want to play a free to play game, I don't expect to have to get my wallet out, you scamming korean peice of aids. That is all."
76561198076446435,Not Recommended,304030,30234869,Posted: 27 February,all,Sigma,"the game is free to play but with out donating to get actual land to actually make progress in game you won't advance ,the game requires alot of your time and i ment alot ... if you don't like grinding and donating month to keep your land . looks else were ."
76561198073716126,Recommended,304030,20880812,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,50 Shades Of Gandalf The Grey,AMAZING GAME probably the best of its kind on steam and all the reviews i read almost discouraged me from downloading but definatley a great fun and addictive game
,Not Recommended,304030,30228516,Posted: 27 February,all,DuoX_TV | Twitch | Youtube,"Enldess rl money sink, or work the game like a full time job, in order to hope you get lucky on RNG."
76561198049123320,Not Recommended,304030,30108435,Posted: 22 February,all,S.X,"After revelation came out, farming player need to spend tons of time to doing daily quests and making money. It is so hard for casual player to get good gears."
76561198106502564,Not Recommended,304030,15096564,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wild Orchid,"Listen to what the others have said and avoid this game.The company running it is bad, the playerbase is bad, and I couldn't even be bothered to deal with it for a month with all the grind it entailed.Really cool ideas but a stunning failure on excecution."
76561198062972690,Not Recommended,304030,15083856,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TriggerWarning595,A guy had a cart full of resources and forgot to put owners mark on it. I jumped on and drove offAlso devs seem to like breaking the entire economy by making in demand hard to acquire mats buyable in the cash shop for cheap.4/10 don't play it unless you are really bored.
76561198115226886,Recommended,304030,30158023,Posted: 24 February,all,Solgom,you can make your own dam faction
76561197980407479,Not Recommended,304030,30026428,Posted: 18 February,all,Deev,"fresh start servers already dead. p2w literally ramping up prices weekly. kinda makes you think about the successes of one time purchase mmos vs. subscription ""sit-on-our♥♥♥♥♥quot; models. black desert, here i come."
76561198209205407,Recommended,304030,30096735,Posted: 22 February,all,fouly,hey thats pritty good
76561198002855330,Not Recommended,304030,18865695,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Skarhead,"Had fun when I played in the Alpha. Thought it was one of the best games I had ever played. Launch was a complete disaster, and yes, it is P2W. Fun game, full of P2W and cheaters."
,Not Recommended,304030,18881924,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,bendthehelio,Pay to win ruins everything.
,Not Recommended,304030,15276141,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Chief_Nyanta,"I purchased the the founders pack so i could play the game before it was officialy released. when the game was released as a free to play game all my data was removed! i have glider and a bunch of xp boosts, labour boosts the lot even lost my character. created a new character and guess what? NO FOUNDERS PACK!! i dont care if the reason was that i used it because thats bull! they removed my character data and all my gear with it. Dont you just love Trion?"
,Not Recommended,304030,18851025,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NeverFoxx,Pay to win and micro transactions like there's no tomorrow.
76561198362515704,Recommended,304030,30127150,Posted: 23 February,all,Xonereth,"For a free game its pretty good, pretty graphics, huge world, lots of stuff to work out. Sometimes though it was difficult to work out what I needed to do, but regardless I am still enjoying it. Worth trying out I think."
76561198029145713,Not Recommended,304030,29771627,Posted: 7 February,all,Samurai Carl,dont
,Recommended,304030,15697382,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Meeseeks,"Finally after so long the 1.7 patch is live and this game feels less and less like an early beta release by the day, definitely worth ignoring old reviews and trying it out for yourself though."
,Not Recommended,304030,25634679,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Bread,"This game gave me cancer, after almost 1+ years playing. This game is only for masochists."
76561198029066816,Not Recommended,304030,30139714,Posted: 24 February,all,Stevo,"I remember buying this game, playing a few days, and then have compleatly forgoten about it till now. nice to see its free."
,Recommended,304030,29858781,Posted: 11 February,all,Leigh,"I have been playing AA since the Beta release in the US. I have thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of this game. What I love most about this game is that it isn't pay to win. It is a questing game, but there is so much more to it, and those who don't want to put money into the game have the opportunity to become patron, get credits, get paid for items, etc. for in game gold. If you work hard enough, you do not have to pay for anything with rl currency. It's great. I hope you all enjoy it as much as I have. :D"
,Recommended,304030,29880379,Posted: 12 February,all,Cool Jimmy Neutron,"This is a really good game, but unfortunately it got a bit boring for me. I joined a guild with really nice people and they gave me land to farm and such but the newest update really overhauled all the farming aspects of the game, and I'm not so sure I like the changes. The questing system is really nice, but somehow they managed to make the quests in the high levels really tedious. The paid subscription is absolutely not necessary to play the game, I never paid for it and I was level 50 (level 55 was the max). The community on kraken was amazing, and the scenery is freaking brilliant and magical but unfortunately there's not much going on for casual players at high levels, and that's the downfall of this game. They add all these awesome features like farming and player owned property, but for some wild reason the developers haven't given enough attention to the community consisting of casual players."
,Not Recommended,304030,30227308,Posted: 27 February,all,(they) !,i had to pay 50 dollars to eat golden pizza
,Not Recommended,304030,18933730,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ZeRo_StRiKeR,"Biggest cashcow game I ever played.Tried really hard to be a decent player in this game without using my creditcard, but after 3 months of play I can conclude this is impossible. The person with the biggest creditcard is the best player, that is all."
76561198129539880,Recommended,304030,30128856,Posted: 23 February,all,Nuclear_Power,"This game truly provides an amazing experience that no other mmo's do.Want to fish?     -     go fishingWant to hunt?    -    go huntingWant to craft?    -    there are endless paths to takeBe a hero and take up great quests,be a pirate and live on the vast sea,or even become the champion of the arena.If it is one thing archeage has, it's without a doubt the freedom to do your hearts desire."
,Not Recommended,304030,34007988,Posted: 3 August,all,Power Clit,... Eh. Noe.
76561198060501375,Not Recommended,304030,29773912,Posted: 7 February,all,Sayōnara ☯ テック,"Archeage is really a nice designed and deep mmo. So much detail and so much possibilities to do in game. But bloodlust mode (which is opening PvP mode on own faction) is killing this game. There are 2 factions and suppose to be a pirate faction also but there is not, instead there are lazyass pirate wannabes who don't have balls to fight vs other faction and who can't do farming or trading and they prefer leeching on their own faction. And guess what; they will never become a real pirate cuz they don't need to be. You can lose days (or even weeks) of progress and lots of golds by these faction leeches.After level 30, all leveling zones are PvP zones. Which means you don't need enemy faction to get ganked by, any jobless level 55 ""super hero"" may turn on bloodlust and kill you for nothing and he will not get any punishment by this cuz of fail justice system even if he kills hundreds of low level players like this way. So you start to feel this unfair system on early stages of game.Developers should remove bloodlust from this game (or change it as ""bloodlust can attack only bloodlust mode on players"") and let these ""heroes"" be alone with enemy faction or let them become a ""real pirate"" by dealing with enemy faction instead of leeching on own faction. Otherwise this game really doesn't worth this much grinding while there are so many ret*rds that abuse bloodlust mode and while there is a useless justice system which is not more than a theatre show..Remove bloodlust mode or keep watching your game failing more and more !"
,Recommended,304030,15074111,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Söçíopath,"You no pay?!Dual-wielded credit cards in arena and roflstomped no pay player. 8/8, would finance again."
76561198008914218,Not Recommended,304030,15183196,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Popinjay,"This game has some nice things, like graphics, sound, and mods that don't ban you for foul language.  Unfortunately, thats the positives.The game is awful.  To get anywhere in the game, you must grind a lot.  But, you're restricted by labour, an alternate game currency that slows you down from completing things quickly.  You need labour for pretty much everything.You must also farm (which uses labour) and spend probably 1 hour a day just doing that, and thats before you're off doing dungeons or trading or piracy.I really tried to like the game, but Trion are way more interested in you spending money in their shop than fixing anything, like the many bugs in the game."
,Not Recommended,304030,24643185,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lycion Streyder,"Was a nice new swing but it sadly becomes very grindy, very fast"
,Recommended,304030,29961259,Posted: 16 February,all,Rapt0r,"I realy enjoy this game and so should be with evry rpg fan. ArchAge is a good indepth rpg with actual voice acting and crafting, gathering and even building. You can have a lot of fun if you put some time in to the game and it's even more fun with friends. [Other good rpg's Defiance and Trove but i think this is the best one from Trion Wolrds.]"
76561198351173141,Recommended,304030,29435844,Posted: 22 January,all,[1st]HardDick,"Fun game. Met someone from another faction while questing, explained to them I wanted to just sail boats and build stuff. Ended up sailing a fishing boat from the starter zone all the way to diamond shore where I then joined a PVP guild.I must admit, this game is insanely big. There are so many features and so much content. The only thing I have against it is the tutorial quests were fully voice acted and had tons of scenes. Where as regular quests aren't voice acted, and there is very few english dialogs. It's mostly in korean.Still a good game. Probably the best MMO i've played, although I don't care for MMOs that much."
76561198002561854,Not Recommended,304030,15646107,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Xx_Asian♀With♂Big♥Penis_xX,"Got my refund days before this game was released and after reading the review I am glad I got my refund before it was too late. When I played it this game was simply another asian gambling no life grinder and less fun than aion. The tree system on the  other hand was something unique and cool. The end, that is all this game has to offer, they didnt even bother to translate or at least change the language that some of the npc speak. That's how lazy the publisher of this game are, they just want your money."
76561198048344508,Not Recommended,304030,18449464,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Leona,"Short answer: NoMore detail:They had the recipe for a brilliant game here. World, lore, combat and of course the whole flight/naval battles on a different scale from most other MMO'sThen the accountants got their claws in it. Or it might well have been designed to be a cash cow from the begining. I know MMO's, hell, most games are about getting cash from you but they don't have to ram said business philosophy down your throat. Everywhere you look you're reminded of it. The gathering/crafting system, mounts, gliders, property, ships all require either an immense investment of time grinding in the game or a massive investment of cash.If you have deep pockets or a whole lot of time on your hands (though if there's many people with more time on their hands than I, I'd like to meet them) and like MMO's with large scope go ahead but for everyone else, don't bother. Guild Wars 2 has no subscription fee, not even a premium status with perks. The things they do ask you real life cash for are either cosmetic or revolve around increasing your allready generous bank space or numerous character slots. GW2 starts you off with five, ArcheAge two. GW2 you can increase to 69 (though why you'd need that many I have no idea) at most here you can have six across all servers. Plus with the upcoming Heart of Thorns expansion, you need only buy that and get the core game too. They are adding gliders and the return of guild halls means you can have your own refuge from all the terrors of the world without an exorbitant price."
,Recommended,304030,29964279,Posted: 16 February,all,PhyukYOOMMKAAY,"Created abraham lincoln and chopped every tree I could find shouting ""can't stop the lincoln"" at people.Also tried to take row boat across ocean, halfway across immediately killed by squid. Boat didn't break and couldn't de-spawn so it took ten minutes to leave game.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ around again"
,Recommended,304030,30153852,Posted: 24 February,all,raven8er8,"I really like this game even though I am not very well versed in pvp.  I am trying to learn it because the rest of the game is so much fun!  You can farm, do trade runs, run dungeons, craft gear, do raids, and help fight world bosses all in an open world environment.  The only downside is the problems they still have with disconnections on the fresh start servers(one of the reasons I came back to the game is the fresh start).  I never know if or when I might get disconnected and that can be a problem in a dungeon or doing a trade run.  other than that, this game is a lot of fun!"
76561198105174806,Recommended,304030,11562363,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sfin,"Pros:-AWESOME class system, want to be a necromancer and sorcerer at the same time, but also kinda want to do warrior as well, then be all 3 at the same time! Can choose up to 3 class skillsets at a time-Build your own house from probably a dozen different model types, then interior decorate it!-Farm on your land, grow crops or live stock-Build a boat... from a small sail boat with a harpoon to a full sized gallion with mounted cannons on the sides, customize your own sail!-Economy, finished farming your crops and raising your live stock? Go sell it to the nearest outpost and get a little bit of coin, or pack up your ship and take your trade goods clear accross the world and make a fortune! (beware of pirates though!) The further you travel the more likely some unruley pirates(other players) will gank you for your goods-Dungeons and Raids!-Freaking awesome world bosses-Hang Gliding!-Live your fantasy life however you want, be the greatest warrior or sorcerer, be a simple farmer, a traveling merchant, whatever you want!-Very helpful and friendly communityCons:-maybe another race or 2 would be cool for a little more variety, only 4 playable races as of right now.-i'll let you know if I find one other than that"
,Recommended,304030,15206987,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Beez,Just check my hours...
,Recommended,304030,11806658,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Snuffles,"I love this game so much and I have many reasons to. The combat , although static (for the most part), is entertaining due to the wonderful quality of the animation and the strategic element with your combos. The range of things you can do to earn money in the game, from fishing, mining and crafting to hunting monsters, players, being a pirate and starting wars is immensethe economy is interesting and completely player run I've even seen player mercinary guilds selling their services to protect trade convoys and flotillas. there are elements of comedy too, I've seen a ship dragging itself across the land using it's harpoon gun, I've seen a large 20+ person moving dance party and some funny player masks. The character creation is immense and in depth, there is a slider for everything and a variety of wonderful scars, makeup, facepaint and age lines. it is only let down by the lack of options for the body size and build.I'd recommend this game to anyone. In the short while I've played it I've had a lot of fun and I can't wait till the next beta and eventually release."
76561198053289740,Recommended,304030,15696429,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Adelancia [NL],"I don't get it how people with 100+ hours don't recommend a game! 100 hours is a lot and you don't play 100 hours if you don't like a game. I played it 50+ hours and I liked it, my only concern was the bad stealing community that ruined it for me on a particular server. Yes I still recommend it because of its great features (loved the ships ,the gardening and the trading, bit of a downer was the story ended at lvl 35, but then you reach pvp areas and the stories could/should be made by the guilds.It's free, just go play it! Its fun for a lot of hours!"
76561198037187244,Recommended,304030,15674014,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,coldking,The only MMO ill take seriously.. plus i love pirates
,Recommended,304030,16037070,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Amadurr,"I used to play this game back in the day. Thing is, it has become a bit pay2fun. But with grinding and perseverance you can still have a ton of fun in this game. It offers some interesting mechanics and is definitely worth a shot if you want a new MMORPG."
,Not Recommended,304030,16032315,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hand Banana,Could have been one of the best mmo's out there but then they dun goofed
76561198069525332,Recommended,304030,15145678,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,FH-Pwnage,"As you can see I have played this game ALOT and have been through all of its good times.... and all of its bad times. To be honest the game is by far the BEST game i have ever played. The PvP, Crafting, class system, and the economy were all well thought out and put in to place.As you all can see alot of the recent reviews have been negativem, but the same people giving negative reviews are still playing the game. The game has seen alot of changes in the past few months and most of them are for the best.Including but not limited to:Raising the level capFixing the marketAdding alot more end game contentA lot more gear to make new classes viableetc.I could go on but all in all its a great game. I would highly recommend it and hope some more people come and join!"
76561198065922938,Not Recommended,304030,15191993,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,gomfedj,"had a ton of potential, but both the publisher, and the coding company♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it away by letting cheats ruin the first 3 months of the game.. Those are the most important months for an mmo and they choked on it hard, game had a steady decline afterwards, and i doubt it will ever truly recover..great game, but without players.... :("
76561198068230952,Not Recommended,304030,15111141,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Crowe Fardan,"Damn, what an unforntunate way to run this game. I bought a One Hundred dollar founders pack because that's how much i loved this game. It had such great potential and i had so much fun playing it with guild battles, sailing the sea, escaping prison and just all around one of the GREATEST MMOs of all time. However, the sheer fact the company got so greedy and decided to implement a premium membership and a micro-transaction shop ruined the game. It's fun while you have patron but when it ran out is essentially why i quit. It is literally unplayable without patron. And then to set things even worse up for a shutdown is the fact that the dev team doesn't care about any of the players. Letting gold sellers and hackers run down the game and make pretty much the entire population of archeage abandon the game. They should have fixed it when the complaints came in, but now it's too late. Wish things could have been better, had they i would still be playing this game every day."
76561198039769789,Not Recommended,304030,18153152,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Boxer,Could have been great but Xl and Trion made it bad.Pure Pay 2 Win + Play to Hack + play to Exploit. Nuf said...
,Not Recommended,304030,28342220,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Hooty,Just... don't.
76561198121457975,Recommended,304030,29657071,Posted: 2 February,all,houdini,i really liked this game. i liked the cat like class
76561198113965743,Recommended,304030,16863712,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Batinium,Good Game download and try it but you have to buy patron if you want to improve in game
,Recommended,304030,26699889,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fors [4s],Tried it out. It was ok.
,Recommended,304030,29734677,Posted: 5 February,all,Goat Mom Toriel,"lots of fun, ignore all the cryhards about pay2win (everything can be obtained without spending a single cent, if you're smart/frugal). So many game systems with lots of depth in a large sandbox fantasy world. I will say the company that runs it (Trion) is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in terms of lack of transparency and slow with bug fixes, but the game is still enjoyable regardless. Definitely recommend if you're into sandbox games or MMOs with complex pvp and player-driven economies (plenty of good PvE content as well, but if you absolutely hate PvP you probably won't like this game)."
,Not Recommended,304030,15096725,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,reubenyulti,"I find it hard to convey how archage will torment your soul so i find it only fitting to use a burnt clazone allogry to describe this game.At the very center of the calzone you will find a very  delicious ,tasty filling this is the ship building, pirate pvp (de looting and de stealing  and de killing), the faction battles conquest in auroria and the tense but fun supply runs. And then on the outside of the clazone you have the burnt ,horrible and disguting crust this would be the pay walls for the limited farm space which you have to have if you want to have safe farms, the boring and repetitive questing, the painful grinding and the inablity play as the same race more than once (in terms of boring story lines).Your probabliy thinking ""dude just get rid of the crust and just eat the filling"" to which my reply would be ""brah this filling is too messy to be eaten with out a crust "" which is true with out the questing or the limiting of farm land this  game would be a mess, a nice mess mind you but it would annoy alot of people who want to be civilised and respectful.then the really smart people would go ""well why don't you have somting else for lunch?"" which then i'd retort ""BUT I WANT THAT FILLING""  you see why this hurts."
,Recommended,304030,17218848,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,JJ,Extreamly disapointing from the alpha.... but it's still playble. But you must have the 15$ a moth account :/.
,Recommended,304030,18049072,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,masonbxd,fun
,Recommended,304030,18374139,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ruysolgerd (SHADOW),"Archeage was officialy out for 4-5 years, except not international. A game with that much time for development sure is further in its content when introduced to the world. Sadly Archeage isnt, thought as an MMO its still unique in its system regarding gameplay, economy, player housing and etc. Its an MMO where you would truely waste...ehem... i mean... truely spend hours and time exploring and farming around, though its grindy just like every MMO out there is. The problem with Archeage tho is that, its not ment for people who are busy cause its time consuming. dont get me wrong, its fun, but the fun can be eleminated when you just get on to do your daily stuff if you have patreon and then back off because you dont have time.You can buy gametime with ingame currency and making money through Action house like very other MMO and or another unique thing called going on Trade runs. You have 3 factions, well 2 factions and another which is faction-less/pirates. Its not worth being a pirate as you then will not have access to the main big cities but its fun being a pirate on an alt. too much crime/infamy points will get you to go to court, prison and eventualy becoming a pirate so careful what you do next time you come across a big farm you dont own!!I personaly spent too much time solo playing at somepoint as i only got on to farm, do daily and then get off as i stil had patreon. Being a Free to play player here is impossible as you will get 70% of the games content closed to you so might want to get atleast a month of patreon at start, you can buy the rest of the time if you got the time, but its important that you dont play as a free to play player. I rate this game a 4/10 for a Free to play player and a 6-7/10 for solo-players with patreon. although it is a solid 8/10 if you have patreon and also a decent group to play with using voice coms!Its worth giving it atleast a try, even if not the best experience as a free to play user, you might want to try it just for the sake of knowing how the game looks! It has pretty decent looking graphics, better than half of the MMORPG games out there! I recommend archeage as its worth a try, however if i now have to rank a top 10 MMOs of all times or even year, Archeage will not be on it, im sorry Trion, you just cant seem to be able to exactly get an MMO going for more than a few months of hype after it dies, sadly Defiance looked more promessing and i had more fun in it. even that turned out not the best, lets just say after one of the last updates i sort of didnt want to play it anymore."
,Not Recommended,304030,19260054,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AbsoluteMSTR,"Loved it for what it was worth, lets leave it at that."
76561198004637044,Not Recommended,304030,18424143,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Witold,"Game has potential, but company behind it is greedy and they totally ruined it with a dumb and too expensive patron system. With no shame, until a ridiculous level.I am NOT a huge fan of free to play, rather I prefer a honest price and a little more selected users. But not this way, ArcheAge patron system is pure craziness."
76561198041660341,Not Recommended,304030,20370664,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dewomyr,"This is the best MMORPG Sandbox ever, but you have to spend LOTS of hours in the game and at the end, if you want to improve, you have to pay. That´s why the negative recommendation."
,Recommended,304030,29877981,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr. Puphat,"Please ignore all the negative reviews about this game!At first, I was skeptical getting this game, but it was for free. So...why not?The first 30 minutes I spent creating my character. The customization is SUPERB! Only downside is, you can't adjust the body shape, but the face you can pretty much do whatever you want.Someone wrote a review stating that you can't use chat until you're level 15. Apparently, they never played free MMORPGs before. ALL OF THE OTHER FREE TO PLAY GAMES have spammers. These guys are a plague in other MMOs. Posting sites to gret gold for money and stuff. It also keeps the new players asking for help 24/7. This way, it pretty much eliminates the noobs by making you learn how to play on your own. You can use LOCAL CHAT still, though.Is it P2W? I'm not even sure about that. You can get extra stuff for the money, but I'm not even focusing on the PvP stuff. If you're into just PvE and want a game where you can explore, learn about the land and races, appreciate the beautiful landscapes, and just have a good time? GET THIS GAME!This is probably the best free-to-play MMORPG I've ever played. Graphics are stunning. Some of the dialogue is actually voiced. You rank up quite quickly if you keep doing quests.It is definitely more than I expected!!"
76561198044156399,Recommended,304030,29622456,Posted: 31 January,all,Exo Suit Bandit,"Well I played this game at launch. There were bugs and no land top be had in peaceful zones. The Mirage Lilyut horse I bought was bugged as well. After getting attacked while trying to farm in my warzone umpteen times I gave this game up and played other things. Now a few years later the game has few bugs, plenty of land in peace zones. I have no problems with Glyph or any part of the game. I really loved the game and it's story back then but had said problems. Now with 3.0 the game is great and I would recomment it to any serious MMOer. Pvp is pretty much gonna happen in war zones, you don't need to be flagged like in some games. You just get attacked and have to fight or die. They added 2 new races, Dwarves and Warborn. The character creation has been expanded with more eye textures and war paints, hairs etc. Great game now. It has come a long way."
,Not Recommended,304030,29454084,Posted: 23 January,all,DisturbedZ,"Stupid controls, never left the tutorial. Never again will it be played"
,Recommended,304030,29991155,Posted: 17 February,all,Toby,dank
76561198125879060,Recommended,304030,29964404,Posted: 16 February,all,wild wolf,fun apg
76561197980384654,Not Recommended,304030,30104539,Posted: 22 February,all,Meadowbrook,"Game's dead, combat is clunky, abandoned player housing all over the place with perfect rows of cattle standing around. Houses themselves are just ugly prefabs you put down and furnish, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ character creator, really. Go play another game. I wish I didn't waste the bandwidth downloading it."
,Recommended,304030,30108234,Posted: 22 February,all,Kodie,Open world and good character choices.
76561198061449032,Not Recommended,304030,29673821,Posted: 3 February,all,The_Ultimatefox,the game launcher keeps ♥♥♥♥ing crashing FIX IT.
,Not Recommended,304030,30059840,Posted: 20 February,all,DrPyro,Can't even get into the game 10/10
,Not Recommended,304030,28383981,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ZestyDrink,Trion Sux
76561198365819596,Recommended,304030,30183125,Posted: 25 February,all,Seigemaster17,"Its lacking a bit through out the story. The combat is good, but they should really update it."
,Not Recommended,304030,30092678,Posted: 21 February,all,flicklin,♥♥♥♥ this free to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,304030,19208947,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Type O Negative,WOULD PLAY AGAIN IF I QUIT MY JOB
76561198043557261,Recommended,304030,19690833,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Drakolth,"I had fun when i played, loads of content, fun class system, only negative for me was the lack of land"
,Recommended,304030,20534891,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MagicPineapple,"Amazing game, though becareful of Wallet warriors~"
,Not Recommended,304030,29989103,Posted: 17 February,all,jackbeaniew,So bad can't even get onto it it keeps crashing
76561198037500921,Recommended,304030,21435977,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,No Pugga,"while there are a ton of issues with this game, what MMO isn't having issues these days while we wait for the next thing. This game won't be it, but you can have fun with it while waiting for the next quality MMO."
76561197960760763,Recommended,304030,34208633,Posted: 13 August,all,Frank_Bob,It's ok...
76561198082395573,Not Recommended,304030,35100532,Posted: 21 September,all,Rumata,"You will spend 90% of your time farming money and some money as well most likely to get ♥♥♥♥ed by people who put thousands of euros into the games without any skills at all. If you really no-life it, you can get stuff without paying. But you will never reach the top. The game itself is nice, I just can't be arsed to waste my time like this anymore."
76561198056634949,Not Recommended,304030,15160582,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,saxual,cashgrab♥♥♥♥♥andwichtrinopls
,Recommended,304030,11746721,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ChaRohlf,very very very fun. eVAN THOUGH I STOLE MY BROTHERS MONEY TO BUY IT XD
76561198032220838,Recommended,304030,15740755,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NjordsWrath,"Archeage, what can I say. It is an amazing game that allows you to own a piece of property within a vitrual expanding and everchanging world. The sea combat is awesome, the crafting system/trade pack system is awesome. The biggest problem I see with people reviewing this game is thier inability to comprehend what a ""P2W"" game really is. Yes, Archeage has a ""Patron"" system in place, but I ask how is this different than any other sub. based MMO? The Patron program has been in place since launch, this should be no suprise to people that if you pay a monthly fee you get certain perks. These perks however do not make you super competitive, honestly the only major benefit is land, which free accounts can still farm in the temp. farm locations. And yes farming is a big part of making money in Archeage!!! As for Apex and the Marketplace, they do not offer any advantage other than time saved. Honestly most Marketplace items are cosmetic in nature, and if you are truly butthurt about someone having a cooler mount or costume than you, then I say good riddance to you and the game will be truly better without your presence!!! I mean seriously if you consider someone having a costume or mount a ""P2W"" advantage than by all means Archeage is ""P2W"" but if you want a game that is challeging in the end game, offers a level playing field for all when it comes to attaining usable and vauled gear, and a game that makes you feel like you are contributing to an evolving fantasy world, then please click install. 10/10"
,Recommended,304030,11556557,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Anoxi,"Compared to the top MMO's Archeage brings diversity of to the table similiar to Final Fantasy V next to all the other Final Fantasy games. You get a huge selection of what you want your character to become. Archeage sets itself apart on this by engulfing the player in skill trees that the player gets to choose from himself whether you're a musical bard with an angry temper stunlocking your opponents with a 2hander or a Stealth healer who wants to be incognito about saving others lives.Yes, Archeage is unlike other MMO's because it in itself combines what everyone loves into one game. A game in a league of its own and- the best part is its free. The combat system has its flaws but the combo system is genius. Making it an incentive to be able to combine abilities cross trees delves the depth of pvp to infinite level of abilities. There is no imbalance in a game with so many possibilities.The only thing I can make a complaint about is the grinding in the game but the devs has had it easier by making farming♥♥♥♥♥♥easy by literally giving you the ability to make illegal farms or building a house so you can easiliy have your farm supplies on hand all the time. I find its worth buying.."
,Recommended,304030,11596138,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ides,Best MMO experience i have had since GW2 and the best open world PvP ive seen since Vanilla WoW. Archeage is seriously fun
76561198088591238,Recommended,304030,11740162,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Edgar Allen Hoe,"Great game, it actually doesn't give correct play times on steam or I'd have like 38 hours. Alot of people have complaints about the labour system, but really if you take breaks every once in a while, it never runs out. Because they give you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of max labour points. It shows some similarities to Rift, but in a lot of ways it is different and unique from most Mmos. I honestly don't really believe the Archeum is worth that much, but I did buy Gold and don't regret it."
76561198025514459,Recommended,304030,11734963,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Bender Sama,"Let's just say that I have put a decent amount of time into this SBMMORPG (Sand Box MMORPG) and have loved every second of it... Sure, at first it's a bit slow and takes some time to get through the tutorial area, but once you get into the open sandbox, you know you're in for a treat... Sailing the open seas is by far my favorite passtime, alongside crafting, mining, farming, creating music, and of course, killing all the cool monsters and players that oppose me. Also, you can mix up three different classes, which is AWESOME. I am a Blade Dancer (Shadowplay, Battlerage and Songcraft FTW)."
76561198078483434,Recommended,304030,11691275,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Kid Cuisine,♥♥♥♥♥I haven't even played it and it's great 10/10
,Recommended,304030,11676808,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Celty Arydun,The game offers a lot of freedom compared to most.
76561198005722805,Recommended,304030,11786986,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,D.S.Jensen,"Awesome RPG MMO with a big focus on crafting and trade.If you want to buy one of the founderspacks, Buy the small one and upgrade on TRION web site."
76561198046204519,Recommended,304030,11767884,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Tirips,"Only thing i don't like about the game is that f2p users can't sell stuff on the AH. It seems a bit restrictive, imo they should be at least allowed to list a few items. Other than this the game looks like it's worth paying a sub for if you enjoy end game pvp and sandbox mmos.Edit: Just found out that if you want to have a house you need to pay the sub every month otherwise everything you build will be lost when the patron status ends. Any mats invested in the house will be gone and you just get the blueprint back."
76561198038583425,Recommended,304030,11769762,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Alden,"I have only played the closed beta events but  believe this game will be the next one..  Apart from quest there are so many other ""sandbox"" things to do!!  Love it and yes I recommend it..  A must in my book!!"
,Recommended,304030,11653838,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sixthy,"Archeage. Well what else can i say that hasn't. This game has some real potential. I have been playing it for around 60 hours now. Pretty east to hit level 50(Max Level), but that is when the fun starts. Whether i want to go build up a comminity with my friends or pirate i can do it all. I have succeded in finding a small location for my starter home/farm, that has been a time sink but really rewarding collecting items to always make it better.PVP: Is fun in its own, whether i want to kill some people in arenas or do so in the world i see no end to the ""epic"" battles i have found so far.I would reccomend this game to anyone and reccomend you check outhttps://www.youtube.com/user/BikestMan. He shows some good videos on this game."
76561198102974022,Recommended,304030,11716490,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,WiteSlice,Amazing visuals and the game just plays well
76561198075886232,Recommended,304030,16009403,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Manuva,"After playing since alpha and beta (and having a long break from the game) and reading the positive reviews about people saying it's not P2W, i'd tell them to open their eyes. The game is hugely based on how many credit cards you can wield, but the positive side of it is that it requires ALOT of euros to get good gear. Nothing you could not do with loads of in-game trade runs. The game world itself is vast and interesting, lots of places to see and explore, from pretty dull capital cities to underwater ruins. Graphics are amazing for an MMO, sea battles are maybe the cherry of the game, think about 20 galleons just ramming each other and boarding enemy ships, not to mention world PvP. But the absolute worst point of the game has to be arena. Arena is so unbalanced with all the credit card warriors spending their time there. But Trion, the company of satan itself wont even add a small feature called proper matchmaking. Let's view it like this. You just dinged 50, you want to try arena for the first time, does not sound so bad.. yet. When you first enter the arena you'll think of ancient gladiators, glory and wealth from your victories, then the gates open, sun flashes into your soft face. BAM. Credit card warrior with 5k equipment points just slashes your face off, rapes your farm and burns your children. 10/5 would get molested again. But in the end, the game is very much worth at least trying. Just stay clear of the arena unless you want to feel what real depression is like, i swear that♥♥♥♥♥♥had me by an inch of uninstalling the game."
,Not Recommended,304030,15116287,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Last Dinosaur,The game in and of itself is incredible. Unfortunately it was mismanaged to death by Trion and XL games. It's essentially dead now. RMT is the way to win.
,Not Recommended,304030,17065169,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,StormSpiritGB,i love how i bought this game never played it it came out and few months when i tryed to log in for my very frist time i discovered that i am perma band from every game thay have now no resson given to why i was band read people were getting perma band by some rogue admin and instead unbaning the people he permaed they just left us bandso far tho glad i didnt get play friends i do have that played tell of how this game really sucks now if like trolls this is the game for you if dont like trolls that some other carebear game might be better ideai was unlucky by time i found out be refund for the game it was to late for me to claim i bought the founders pack back when thought this would be fun now its a un sightly blemish on my steam account that wont go away
76561198045333132,Not Recommended,304030,23392508,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Chex 86,Just say no
76561198067449838,Recommended,304030,11751926,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,-HuAuH-,The one MMO to set the standard for the the next generation of its genre. Worth playing and a little bit addicting.
76561197983960984,Recommended,304030,11762056,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Sardan,Quite fun so far lots of diffrent stuff to do in the game. Crafting is intresting too. I also like the mounts as well some are quite awsome. You can also farm crops and raise livestalk and plant trees.
76561197977098482,Not Recommended,304030,15126266,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Drelen,It was fun until the devs ruined it.
,Recommended,304030,15732249,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ΛVΛΞNΛ,"The game is beautiful. I spent a lot of hours in it with friends and it was fun. The combat is nice and fast paced. But there are some things that just ruins it.Pay to win (P2W) is a major buzzkill to the game. That, and the to much focus on PvP. Imagine, you are leveling, you have to go to a certain area to level your char, but oh no, its a warzone. A warzone means that players from the opposite faction will be there, killing EVERYONE from your faction and they get points for it. So no leveling for 3 hours, unless you have high level friends who want to play bodyguard.The animation is sometimes bad. The walk animation is to fast (2 times as fast as they show in the trailers) and sometimes the combat seems very unbalanced against NPC where they suddenly kill you with 2 hits while they are a much lower level.The housing system is fun, if you can get a place to build your house. But I soon started to get annoyed by people stacking crates in their yard for as high as they could. Breaks immersion a lot.Do I recommend it at this point? Yes, if only to be awed by this beautiful game. Play it for a while, its free to play for now at least. It still has a lot of fun stuff to keep you busy for many many hours, even if its only to explore this beautiful new world.This game can improve a lot if the developers atleast listen to their players."
76561198014437216,Recommended,304030,15343261,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,k1ll3r8802,"I have EXACTLY no idea what people mean by P2P or P2W. When people say you cant own land without premium: You cannot personally OWN the land, but you can RENT land from someone who owns it, or GUILD LAND from your guild mates who will share their land for free. There is nothing other than resource gathering/crafting that requires Labour Points. You can still do quests, go on raids, be a pirate or raider, fight the factions wars, sail north to fight the PvP war there, etc. You are just RESTRICTED by time in making armor and things like that. There is nothing STAT CHANGING that you buy with the premium currency, no armors, weapons, etc. Just things like faster mounts and cool gliders. There is absolutely NO pay to win or pay to play AT ALL in this game. Anyone who thinks it exists is just wrong or biased."
76561198012392302,Not Recommended,304030,15115206,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chewy102,"I gotta vote no on this.When it came out the game was great for a while. Questing was good, story wasn't bad, loot wasn't great, but it had good gameplay overall. Back then I would have recommended it easy from great looks, good gameplay, and more but ONLY if you became a paying member. F2P in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ just♥♥♥♥♥♥in limiting what you can do. Then after I hit the then lavel cap of 50 (55 now that I think takes as much XP as the whole 1-50) the game ran into a brick wall on grinding. And I mean a dead stop till you put hours on hours on hours of grinding into just about anything.To make the grind worse, it isn't a PvE grind for the most part. The grind is making you wait in an animation unable to do anything else but talk in chat to get mats, craft the mats into gear, then craft that gear into higher gear up to 6 times, and then in the case of weapons and armor you can be forced to start anew thanks to RNG in many forms wasting all that time and effort. RNG can not only fail to crit on each crafting step meaning you will have to regrade gear later for huge gold costs at the risk of breaking the gear. The gear can RNG into a type that's not even of use for your build or be unuseable in crafting higher tiers. To add to all of that, PvE gear that can be got by grinding mobs/bosses is often better than crafted gear till the last few teirs where RNG is at its worst so trying to get gold back out of failed RNG by selling it is hell.Also once you hit the level cap, or at leat 50, you loose things to do but PvP, farm mats, or do the same trade runs over and over again. I quit many months ago because there was nothing to do but mindless PvP filled with CC and stunlocks locks. The game doesn't even give you a reason to PvP. Plus even though it is a faction v faction game, green players can bloodlust to kill you at their will without any risk or penelty while keeping all the gains of your trade packs. That makes the community nothing but♥♥♥♥♥holes, no trust at all outside of you own guild and even they can can kill you if they want. Why bother with faction v faction when the game plays like a free for all?Beyond the above. Trion has shown a will to ruin the game economy at any time they want. 2-3 times I can recall Trion added a cash shop item that flat out ruined game balance. Thunderstruck Trees was THE item to have in game at launch as it let you build ships and vehicles. Uou had to spend DAYS to get a CHANCE at ONE of those trees thanks to needing to plant 100s and 100s of trees in the world each taking gold and up to 2 real life days to grow on top of them taking so much space you had to plant them in unprotected land meaning you had to fight to defend them from uprooters the thiefs. IF you have the 1/1000 crit at the stage change in a tree, anyone could have walked up and taken the TS tree for free. So you have to learn exact times of th stage chages as well as shift you life around them to be online then WHILE fighting others how would take it from you. Those trees cost well over 1300 gold EACH. Then Trion let players buy a sapling that had a 1 hour grow time and a 10% TS chance who also game high end crafting mats if didn't turn TS. That market dropped faster than anything I could have thought possible. Then Trion did it again with a bear mount. THE rarest mount in the game who would take months to years to earn from RNG on RNG on RNG and more gold than one can count. Trion put another version of the Bear mount on the cash shop and it killed that market. To make that worse the cash shop bear could also be upgraded into the the exact same top tier Bear as the one you had to spend months on.A week or so ago I reinstalled and played for maybe an hour or 2. Not a damned thing has changed but more grinding was added. I got the return gift with that water mount and all the goodies and it was what drove me back to give AA another try. It failed HARD in my opinion as there was nothing of worth added in the game.600+ hours of my life into this game. It started good but I do not recomment anyone else to play AA from the grind alone as well as pointless PvP. Looking back I should have quit much sooner than I did."
76561197984769327,Recommended,304030,18866356,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Foxler,good game :)
76561198020274884,Not Recommended,304030,25696494,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,drewelf13,Game says free to play but really its not. Free players are limited on what they can do. Gameplay is pretty fun but thats all they have going for them. I vote they should remove patron and make it a litteral free to play game with all content unlocked for everyone not just the patrons.
76561198040493793,Recommended,304030,22492636,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Arve,"This game is a hit or miss. I played since Alpha on steam then after a while it stopped working and I had to download it off of steam. So I have more hours than steam recorded. That being said this game in my eyes is a good MMO. It offers the land a sea battles that keep you interested. I remember sailing the seas as a pirate and stealing fishing packs from fishers that never expected to be ganked. It is a great time with friends. This game solo can be tedious and boring. Make sure you get friends. If you have friends to play this game with you you will have a great time running packs, sailing the seas, and just sitting in the main town dicking around with people."
,Recommended,304030,29201365,Posted: 12 January,all,Primemus,"On Arche Age… After 2 years, serval hundreds spent and well over 2000 hours played not including the beta my take away is this:The setting is a dark dank wood to which you the consumer with full pockets wonder into thinking “Wow what an interesting woodland setting and my word! Is it not dank in here?”After some time wondering around you spot a ginger bread house and you remember thinking this looks like a cool dwelling conveniently located in the middle of a dank wood and it is made of ginger bread with bobs and bits all over.  Why not go inside. So you do and the door slams shut and that is when it all goes wrong.Later and most likely after some update “Aspirations of Marketing, whatever point 0,” you burst out of the Ginger Bread House screaming FU! And RNG these Nuts! You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!  Holding your bum thinking about all the money you have wasted as you stomp away with impotent rage pockets turned out like so many others before you.In summary if you please…If you have a taste for 40 hours of multi boxing per week and love the dull repetition of monotonous grinding… Endless chasing after obscure mats needed for crafting some weapon or piece of armor…you come to regret not buying gold from some GOLD VENDOR; so you could just buy the thing at the regrade lvl you could afford and a litany of RNG fiascos that will leave a stank in your mouth…with an in game econ subject to destruction via the next update. All set against a back drop of what is the point of that incoherent mess of regurgitate cheap Chinese 3D models already played out in other titles! Leaving you with a sense of, “Doesn’t anyone create original material anymore!”WELL MY FRIEND THIS IS THE MMO FOR YOU!And NO do not look at the fine print because this game is Not! And I can’t stress this enough… is Not! “A cash funnel for Korean gold vendors…” Who are NOT and I say are NOT! At all influencing the future updates to hedge their profit margins. Though it may seem. As such, I mean in no way to imply that such a thing would be going on.  Even if you could never make heads nor tails of seemingly random “tweaks” to game play having no impact on the community what so ever… As I would not imply that they do.Heretofore there are no refunds…  Oh balls…  Good luck people it is a great game and I am sure you will do fine …Although I wonder if I will get banned for this review? As I would not imply that is a thing that happens all the time.Of course that is only my opinion and you should feel free to formulate your own."
,Recommended,304030,28350858,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Scragg,eh.
,Not Recommended,304030,18269300,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sandeesh | YT,Dead pay to win game. My credit card power was not strong enough
,Not Recommended,304030,30173001,Posted: 25 February,all,Bling Bling,BRU WTF ERROR 1005 EVRY TIM MEN I CANT FIN D GLYPH IN FULDER
76561198026484647,Not Recommended,304030,30105548,Posted: 22 February,all,LupulAlb,"Unable to run via steam, need glyph (wtf). Not interested."
,Recommended,304030,30108853,Posted: 22 February,all,Cancer,I can tell the game is great but whenever i'm on the gliding tutorial it crashes
76561198061674471,Recommended,304030,15453357,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Creepines,"So, I read a lot about archeage being 'pay to win', but I think it's not, and I'll explain why.So what you get when you pay for the subription is instead of 5 labor each 5 minutes, you'll get 10, and when you're offline, you'll get 5 each 5 minutes, plus the amount of labor you can stack, is more. You'll be able to own land and you'll be able to sell things on the auction house.Now, what if I tell you, that you can get ALL of this with INGAME money? Ofcourse, those who pay it, will be in advantage. But you can also get the 'patron' status with in game money. And you you want to get this super fast, buy it for 1 month, and in less than a week, you'll have enough money for your next month patron... Plus, you can get a compensation in the store for not being patron.Now, that's all about patron, the rest about the game: I recommend playing it with friends, or when you're very social, make friends in game. Because ArcheAge can be boring without friends. Another tip I'd like to give: have a goal. But that's for almost every mmorpg.You should also craft a lot and do a lot of trade runs. They're very important, but when you go with friends, they can be a lot of fun. I'm still not level 50, so I can't tell a lot about pvp (I've been derping around a lot with my friends).Quests can be very boring and annoying in this game, but please, overachieve as much as possible. You want as much xp as possible.I think the community is very good too, they're mostly friendly and willing to help.So yeah, it's not the best mmo ever, but I think it's good and a lot of fun. O, and if you go on the european servers, take kyprosa or shatigon. Others are kinda dead."
,Recommended,304030,30233039,Posted: 27 February,all,Metz,Fun for new MMO players looking to get into the genre but gets boring after a little while.
,Recommended,304030,29908250,Posted: 13 February,all,Juniperjack,Can't even play the game. 10/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,304030,29888950,Posted: 12 February,all,Agathor747,I spent no time actually playing. I have 2 hours of gameplay ~5% of character creation and the rest loading
,Recommended,304030,21900132,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Hyrulepost,"""Look, We can bring Archeage back. That I will tell you. We're bringing itback.Okay?And I understand what you're saying. And I get that from so many people. 'Is Archeage dead?' They are asking me the question, 'Is Archeage dead?' And Archeage is in trouble. That I can tell you. Okay ? It's in trouble. But we're going to get it back.In all honestly this game has some of the greatest MMO potential I've seen in quite some time. The game has some amazing mechanincs, great graphics, and a great class system. However with crafting there is quite an issue with crafting RNG that isnt very good in crafting high quality items. PVP is brutal. It's great. But brutal.Note: the game is great.However, Trion is managing the game very poorly. They made it a pay to win game, granted you can work your way up the hard way, and you can do it. But if you have money, you can have it made. Trion is also not very good at solving player support issues. Also the labor system, is okay. If you're a patron. Otherwise, have fun just waiting for labor to refill.I'd say its worth a play, if you're into MMOs. Heck, I've met some of my greatest friends in this game. so yeah. its good.For Recap:Pros:- Graphics- Class system- Mechanics (sweet gliders)- PVP- Profession systemCons:- Trion (cust. support)- Trion (pay to win)- Trion ( just Trion)-  Crafting RNGBasically, the only issue is Trion.So play it. Just ignore Trion.They suck."
76561198231390368,Recommended,304030,29472825,Posted: 24 January,all,blazinbeats5310,i love this game thanks for the make
76561198013914593,Recommended,304030,29490874,Posted: 25 January,all,Darknoble,Game in a nutshell:Is it fun yes....but..It is Pay 2 win...no doubt.Its a Money sink....But you dont have to buy anything but subscription..but you will because the means to Advance in crafting and acquiring resources is painfuly slow...Trion has to be one of the worst triple A developers out there in terms of fixing there own prodcuts because the game either has poor techs or the company puts very little cash into development.So if you are willing to agonize over all these points...then play... if not stay away...Im so invested now that manytimes I wish I never came back to this MMO.
,Recommended,304030,29407740,Posted: 21 January,all,JoeSnow,"A good time, havent played much but I heavily recommend. The only issue is the amount of space the game requires. Theres its one downfall"
76561198139834590,Recommended,304030,29406371,Posted: 21 January,all,An-Innocentelk,Hey i like this one! haha its pretty good. Once i made a cat man and i died twice and deleted him after that but 10/10 otherwise.
76561198123898827,Recommended,304030,29415928,Posted: 21 January,all,The Sandy Hook Slayer U_M_G: ™,so far i love it
76561198065417474,Recommended,304030,29510757,Posted: 26 January,all,Azure/Zeroe,"fun game, lot of drama, p2w but dont care"
,Recommended,304030,29426271,Posted: 22 January,all,PappuFrosty,"The game is a lot of fun if you get past all the pay to win stuff, One of the main things I see as an advantage to p2w is that you get to buy land and you just get a huge boost on everything which IS rather unfair for everyone else playing. There is a lot of grinding required in this game, but its an MMO what do you expect? Besides all that the game is DEFINATLY something to check out"
,Recommended,304030,30186865,Posted: 25 February,all,K Quam,"this how most of my multiple attempts of archeage end up-  download game-  wait 20 minutes at least to delete previous characters because, well, youll see-  play till level 30 ish-  get on this lil canoe lookin thing by a beach-  go too far and look for land-  end up in the wrong neighbourhood-  get harrassed by cat people furry ♥♥♥♥s-  quit because you cant be arsed to find your way back-  uninstall-  o♥♥♥♥♥♥ why did i quit archeage again???-  repeat"
,Not Recommended,304030,29995501,Posted: 17 February,all,Krimz0n Gamdom.com,I wont Launch for me :(
76561198414237213,Recommended,304030,35259246,Posted: 28 September,all,Synnphull,i can dig it!
,Recommended,304030,30109413,Posted: 22 February,all,Kashaadri,MAKE SUNBITE GREAT AGAIN!
76561198194492909,Recommended,304030,30107794,Posted: 22 February,all,Meme.jpg,GGP2WGlyph
,Recommended,304030,11554907,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Big Duck,"Super neat but bear in mind labor points will ♥♥♥♥ you up (even if you're a patron) if you dont resort to buying potions or buying materials from others (eg: instead of mining, smelting, and crafting your own iron♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy iron bars, then craft yo♥♥♥♥♥♥.Make sure to play with a group, otherwise you're in for a bad time, especially if you're trying to trade overseas.Houses are overrated as ♥♥♥♥, get a farm so you don't have to be a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197961987678,Recommended,304030,11679496,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Judson88,"Most fun I have had in a MMO since the Old Original EQ and Eve. Unique and a complete blast! It being F2P I suggest you give it a try it cant hurt.It felt like a completly new game and not just a another MMO. The ability to choose a work with 3 classes at once and being able to go and change if you're not happy with what you got without having to start all over. There are a lot of things I have not been able to reach yet like building a house and I did little farming but, I was impressed and it seems as if there is little to no limitation of what you can do.The only thing that has gotten me (because I came up on the odl school EverQuest) is how fast you can progress. I played for maybe 10 hourse and already level twenty something. I also didnt like the quest after quest after quest, and after you progress after a while you spend more time traveling to collect on a quest because they get so spread out."
,Not Recommended,304030,11719454,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Duke of Earl Grey tea,"Well, I'm not going to sugarcoat this for you.It's not good.It's bad.It's an archaic korean mmorpg. It won't be breaking down any walls into the MMO scene. It'll be released to a sizzle, and then quietly exist beside all other F2P MMOs.If you've played games like Lineage (and more recently TERA), you'll know what playing this game will feel like. And if you don't like those games, you probably won't like this game.The company is adding more items to the pay shop that are considered Pay2Win items (giving significant advantage over other players). Even though the free to play mode is considered unplayable by some, kind of making the game unplayable unless you pay their subscription fees.Feel free to play it during the open beta or when it gets released, nothing is stopping you. You might love it. There are plenty of people who love this game."
76561198015329214,Recommended,304030,11740297,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sgt. Pooper,"Lovely graphics, good exploration, anyone that tells you this is a bad game... isnt a person you want too talk to.. this is what you call a true MMO. freedom to do what you want and what you want to be. non off this linear bullcrap in most mmo's where you just Quest.,lvl , dungeon then too raids. or just plain PVP... this you have all that and the chance too make more money from becoming a trader, or hijack those traders  even become a damn pirate and react Pirates of the caribbean also you have the lovely gliders the custom image templates for you capes honestly. Excited for this release and the fun to be had in it!"
,Not Recommended,304030,29212814,Posted: 12 January,all,Lt. Ruben (AUT),"♥♥♥♥TRION!♥♥♥♥! THEM! HARD!Nobody should ever play or pay for a Trion game ever again, the whole company and all their families should go bancrupt, frogs should rain on them and a plague should come upon their horses and donkeys and camels and on their cattle and sheep and goats. (yes, this turned biblically all of a sudden)oh did i already say ♥♥♥♥ Trion ?`good, you can never say it often enough♥♥♥♥TRION!"
,Recommended,304030,11648545,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,dalton_wood,I would love to see this in 4k
76561198074765302,Recommended,304030,11705087,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Phobos,No Y axis invert. Yikes. Looks like a fun game.
,Recommended,304030,11703419,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,nolashadow,love the game play and the story line so far
76561198100648223,Recommended,304030,11647776,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,hcso45f34,Haven't got to play it yet....When u first create an account with Glyph...takes like 4-5 hours before an email hits your box to confirm the creation of the accourn...sucks!
76561198045038756,Recommended,304030,11667631,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Fweb34,"Its alot of fun, while the combat is pretty standard, the options and the ability to let you do and build pretty much whatever is just so much fun"
76561198005980501,Recommended,304030,11666359,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,tdougi,"This is the MMO that I have always wanted. You can do just about anything you want. I personally enjoy the crafting system and find it to be very challenging to do trade runs and even craft the things for the trade runs. 9/10, will probably be 10/10 on release."
,Recommended,304030,11732650,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,yomu,69/10
76561198141104248,Recommended,304030,11785755,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mongler,I love this game. But there is a few things you need to know you must quest there is no way around it in any way so if hate quest like me you will hate half of the game and be very frusterated that said the other half of the game once you get up some levels and are not forced to quest and can do what you want finaly its great you can do anything another thing some people might end up doing is get hung up farming or crafting you do not need to do these things all the time and the game trys to stop you and make you play the rest of it with the labor points but alot of peopel will end up thinking its farmville which it is not you dont have to farm you can as easly steal then farm or make wepons or fish or just kill♥♥♥♥♥
76561198049912690,Recommended,304030,11746935,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,zx,Best game increase your wisdom.
,Recommended,304030,11589313,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lazy Snowman #UNiT,Only worth getting the Archeum packs until the Beta's flow more often. a few closed beta's at this moment in time. and EU and American servers only at this time. fun game. just remember to get a farm and dont illegally farm :)because i will find you and steal everything
76561198150731341,Not Recommended,304030,17084943,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Carbonated,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198040560962,Recommended,304030,11609747,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BanditBrawler,Beautiful open world with tons of freedom of how to build your character.  One of the best MMO's out right now.
,Recommended,304030,11737199,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Quick Silver,"Great, its got a fresh new look and spin on MMO, but not to much that would scare you away from playing. COME TRY IT OUT!!!!"
,Recommended,304030,11734458,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,NeonJoe,Im not a big MMO person whatsoever.. I tend to play FPS and Action/Adventure games. But this has me hooked like no other MMO. I suggest wether you are casual or hardcore to ArcheAge out.
76561198052636118,Recommended,304030,11739784,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Devils Pride,Probably THE best MMO in stores and it'll stay that way for quite a while.
76561198067548377,Recommended,304030,11686968,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Defenseless Teenage Schoolgirl,"Solid game, 8/10!It sets itself apart from other MMO's like WoW and GW2 by emphasising more on the sandbox aspect so comparing it would be borderline retardation. As originally a Korean MMO, it's not what you would expect. I've played Twelve Sky and Twelve Sky 2 (standard Korean MMO with pretty heavy grinding) and it not like it at all. It gives you the choice of either questing or mob grinding as a method of leveling but would strongly suggest questing as the story is quite interesting.TLDR: Good game! Would recommend! Do not compare to other MMO's or expect it to be like standard MMO's."
76561197972619463,Recommended,304030,11719669,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Decoy,Good mmo lots of fun
,Recommended,304030,11710225,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,skip614,Wow. This game is just likea free version of ESO when it comes out It is a blast and one can really have fun and just play and do what ever they want.
,Recommended,304030,11762723,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Wololo,"Summary: ArcheAge takes a lot of the things that are wrong with MMORPGs and fixes them. It's a game that's well worth investing time and money into if you're willing to pay to be a patron. The new mechanics are fresh and effective, and the game as a whole is probably the best MMORPG I've ever played and I highly recommend it. I will probably end up with well over a thousand hours of play by the time I move on.Graphics/Environment: The graphics are definitely modern. They could use a little optimization, but that may come as we approach launch. The game is GORGEOUS. Every hour or so I find myself stopping everything and taking a screenshot. The land is beautiful and varied, and in some places absolutely stunning. It just adds that much to the immersion of the game. It's not going to win any 'awards' for graphical quality like Crysis would, but it's good looking and the scenery is amazing.User Interface: Pretty standard for the most part. It's functional. Some people have complained that they wish it was more customizable, but for me at least it's okay.Game Content: I've created two toons so far (one in alpha and the other in beta), and they're on opposite continents and opposite factions. A lot of the early game content is the same across the board, which is understandable. The game does a good job of introducing the core mechanics to you. The tutorial could be a bit better, but if you've played MMOs before, you should be able to figure it out. The community does fill those holes...most o f the time.This game has a significant focus on economy and trading. There is an extensive framework set up, and it's being carefully balanced by Trion (who is in charge of the western version of this game). Be advised that some of the functionality is locked out for free players. You can't own your own piece of land without being a patron. This may tick off some people, but you can still farm on public farms, and you can definitely still play the game and enjoy it without needing to have 'your' land. If you really want to own land and delve into this wonderful world, you can afford to pay monthly for the game.The gear that everything turns on is 'labor'. If you are a free player, you get 5 per 5 minutes of actual play. If you're a patron, you get 20 per 5 while online and 5 per 5 while offline. During my time as a free player I found that I never quite had enough labor (if they doubled they would probably be okay), and as a patron I had too much. Some people are really miffed by the system, because a lot of functions need it. You want to open those coinpurses you just looted (because there are no actual 'drops' from mobs)? You have to spend a little labor. You want to make that armor or mine that iron? You need labor. To me this makes logical sense. It also prevents bots from screwing up the economic balance. Sure, you can stay afk all day to collect it...but at the end of the day, you really don't have a whole ton. You can't skew the prices of items by flooding the market with them. As long as they balance the trickle of labor, I'll be okay with it.What you're really looking to get are 'gilda stars', which are the valuable currency you're trying to collect. Some daily quests will give them to you in small numbers, but the majority should come from trading with the other continents (where there are enemies). This is intended to create a risk/reward situation where you have to go further and take more risk to get more gilda stars from your goods. This currency is used for ships, houses, land, and vanity gear. This is really what the game turns on.Thus far, I feel the mechanics have been well put together. You get a free mount early, and it levels up over time, giving it abilities to help you inside and outside combat. There are gliders that you can use to fly around with (well...glide down from heights). There are little surprises here and there that will keep you amused...Music: The sountrack is excellent, albeit a little bit repetitive after a while. If you play hundreds of hours, you may find it wears you out a little.PVP: I haven't really had much experience with this because I'm not at end game content yet.Conclusion: I haven't really found the game all that grindy, and for me that's a big deal. I like the variety in the gameplay and I like the mechanics. This game is sure to give me hundreds and hundreds (maybe even thousands) of hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,304030,11819419,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Moriae,"You may have read lots of awesome reviews about this game so I'll just add up the little things that make the experience even better1.) vehicles - mount up either alone or with a friend, take a carriage if you don't feel like driving, airship if you travel far...2.) kicking - nothing says victory like kicking the dead corpse of your enemy over the cliff3.) no class restriction on armor/ weapons - want to be a plate/cloth mage with a giant sword? no problem4.) justice system - send the villains behind bars as a member of the jury"
76561197998877952,Recommended,304030,11769798,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,HoLeeFuk,"I am an experianced World of Warcraft players. I have playd WoW from vanilla, and i can say that Archeage is the best rpgmmo i have ever playd since WoW. It made rpgmmo fun again.. Not only green grass, but allot of end game promise with allot more u can do. Not only access best raid dungeons and high pvp contests, but the ability to make your mark on the world. Create something people can see and remeber you by. Something thats quite rare in a rpgmmo thats also got the little extra.Above all, right at the start when u haev created u first character, and entered the world, the second u start to move around u can feel its ploshed and it feels smooth like WoW."
76561198004631319,Recommended,304030,11762357,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bloody Hell!,"This game is awesome - it gives you many things that you've always wanted in an MMO RPG SANDBOX game.  I'm excited to see how far they take it and I would strongly reccomend you get patron status.  The amount of things you can do is unlimited making it some what intimidating, but all around the best game I've found in a long time!  I'm actually excited to come home to play it!"
,Recommended,304030,11818370,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mujahaderp,"Now I'm sure you've already read tons of reviews and have done tons of research on this game on whether or not to buy into the alpha or beta, like I have (and decided for it some time ago). So instead of giving a review that has been given countless times by countless other perspectives, I'm just going to tell you a story:It was a sunny afternoon in Lutesong Harbor, Villanelle. I was spending some time trying to crawl my boat into the city square by using the harpoon cannon, but unfortunately I was only able to get it up the side of a cliff at a 90 degree angle. Hilarious. After some time, a guildmate happened to be in town and joined in on the fun, along with some random player because, ♥♥♥♥ it, why not? After giving up on sailing our boats through town, random guy pulls out his rowboat and we instinctively hop on. ""We're going on an adventure!"" he says and points to the boat straight out to sea, hostile waters filled with demon water beasts and pirates and people of the other faction.So after maybe 20 minutes of rowing, talking, and the occasional pirate joke, we happen upon a tiny, tiny island with maybe a couple of trees and some rocks. We check it out in case we can steal any plants that anybody tried to hide there, but the only thing we found was some random level 50 (friendly alliance) AFK girl. Absolutely nothing around, but the sparkling sea and the clear blue skies, and for some reason she was here. So what else are 3 random guys going to do when we find this person? Why, kidnap her, of course!We push her onto our boat and we set sail for hostile territory. (My guildmate tried to negotiate a ransom of 50 copper to her guild for her safe return, but no one was willing to pay. We also found out she was only on that island b/c somebody else kidnapped her earlier and abandoned her there.) We approached near the enemy faction's port under the cover of fog, and we decided not to suicide ourselves, and her, by going even near that busy commerce center, and instead dropping her off at some rocks on the other side of the bay. We even thought about bringing her into the enemy's housing district and trying to sneak her into one of the houses, but that would've been too much work. So we tucked her in on the shore, said our goodbyes, and went off our happy way. We goofed around a bit on the secluded beaches, saw an enemy trade ship go by in the distance, and decided to give chase.Of course, the ship pulls into the aforementioned busy docks, a sea of red names and hostile ships, and this dude (the random guy) straight up parks his boat among them and the harpoons the merchant vessel, maybe to tow it out to hostile waters to get some loot or something. We realized this is probably a bad idea and just started to instead give them friendly gestures like waving and smiling as we back the boat up to gtfo, but naturally it ends with my dying in harbor and the other guys failing to escape with his boat.I like this game.////At the time of this post (22August14) buying into the alpha, just for alpha access probably isn't the best deal, seeing as the live launch will be coming relatively soon. It'd be best off to grab one of the beta's, unless you want all the goodies that come with the pack. If you intend on playing the game on release, it would be decent to at least get a month or two of patron (subscription) just to help you out leveling and getting a stable financial situation. Many people are crying about the cost aspect, and f2p vs p2w, but realistically speaking, it's a free game. There really aren't that many free things you can do in the real world that you can sink this many hours into. If you choose not to spend money on the actual game, you should still give this one a shot. Definitely something you'd like to experience, casual or hardcore."
,Recommended,304030,11777193,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,merimbis,"I really like this game so far. Its got a beautiful world, the class system makes you feel like you really build your own and gets a personal style feeling. Adding in that your mounts grow with you was nice change from most mmos i've seen. The game play make its feel like your a bit stationary but because of your ecicially custom class the can mix and match to spice it up. The only other problem is the labor point system they use in the game. If you didn't buy the game it takes along time to store up labor points which is used to do a lot of actions. Making it a hassle to work on making houses, boats, farms, and pretty much everything because you spend most points just assessing iteams and money pouches from creeps. Over all its a fun and beautiful game, and I recomend it."
76561198038067122,Recommended,304030,15065979,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Txeptsyip,so on my server i was part of a largeish guild called blackwell exportsbefore that guild collapsed due to internal issues pretty much everyone on the server had beef with three guilds: dark requiem and sin ley were spanish guilds and RED who were a russian guildso blackwell and a bunch of other guilds got fed up of those three killing greens and stealing packs when we did runs up to freeditch for guilda (a hard to get currency needed to get the awesome things like boats cars and buildings) and we banded together to give them a right talking too leading to massive battles on freeditch and massive losses on either sidethe three guilds after a week or so stopped doing so much pirating because it was evident that they had♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the entire haranya side of the server (the other side would just kill haranya anyway so no difference there) and trading to freeditch became slightly safer (greens would rarely gang up to kill greens on freeditch but reds would do that all the time if they noticed a large group of people going up there)then RED more or less disappeared i later found out it was due to almost everyone using exploits and hacks (like the remove confirmation to put house down notice in order to place house faster hack) and then blackwell just died horribly after someone left with everything (because no one really let anyone else try and get♥♥♥♥♥♥for guild so there was just that person doing it so they had all the guild assets) i tried to keep the guild together got about 10 people into a new guild before that just collapsed slowly and then i joined unity after they had had an ownership change and massive restructure (no longer the cluster♥♥♥♥ of zerg) but then the leaders sort of left (as did i)in short fun♥♥♥♥♥♥happened similar to the things you hear about in eve (big fights because some group of people ♥♥♥♥ed with people too much so they got together to skull♥♥♥♥ the morons who started♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the game is quite boring without a guild and patreon is almost a requirement (it more or less follows the runescape model there is free to play but its restricted to do everything get membership - still as an owner of a galleon i can quite easily join a guild and use that to bolster the guilds fleet on traderuns etc and they might even help me get a tradeship)so tips for new players...get a trade ship or a galleon as soon as possible guilds will ♥♥♥♥ing love you (they both take guilda but you get quite a bit of guilda from questing to level up and there are the dailies that can net you about 10 guilda a day the galleon takes 250 guilda the tradeship more)get a farm wagon/cart or whatever it is called very good for guild land trade runs and solo land trade runs (also loading and unloading boats)oh and get into a guild and use teamspeak w/e and socialize doing guild events can be fun (and i was doing traderuns up to freeditch with blackwell when i was around level 30 so you will not be entirely useless at low levels in fact it was about that point where i actually stopped questing and just did traderuns to level up and i ammassed great wealth)
,Recommended,304030,18086226,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Myopic,"1.0 - It's ok2.0 - It's more ok.Don't let my steam hours fool you, I've barely played this game."
,Recommended,304030,15242062,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mudge,"Archeage is hands down the 2nd best MMO I have ever palyed (runescape keeps the NO. 1 spot forever because, ♥♥♥♥ man, it's runescape!). Now, that said, I havn't played it for like, 6 months (I have accidentally clicked the play button a few times though). I played the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this ♥♥♥♥ing god damn game for like a month and got a nice ways into it, then slowed down a little bit for another 2 months before losing interest. Now, why did I lose interest? Because the patron status that my 50 dollar founder pack granted me ran out. And I aint gonna fork up 30 bucks a month. Just na ah. This game is more boring than math class on a monday morning when you don't have patron. You have to afk Farm labor points to get anywhere because they don't recharge whilst offline, and do I look like I have the time to do that♥♥♥♥♥♥ clicking back in to make sure I don't get signed out? Hell no! Then there are all the limmitations for being F2P. I mean, ♥♥♥♥ man.So over all, if you're willing to♥♥♥♥♥♥some money out of the depths of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and fork it over to Trion or whoever the ♥♥♥♥ actually publishes this game or makes this game or whatever.. Glyph? The ♥♥♥♥ is that? I don't even know? Like the 3 world ♥♥♥♥ers? Whatever. If you have money to constantly spend you're gucci, but if you don't then ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,304030,11748783,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Rocco,This is a great game
76561198090051020,Recommended,304030,29656809,Posted: 2 February,all,Kingcheese,ive been playing since launch. and its only gotten better. 10/10 would reccomend.
76561198028515776,Recommended,304030,11706850,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,highschoollover,"unfortunately, i can't tell if i like the game yet because upon purchasing it wasn't clearly communicated that this game is only playable in a very expensive alpha version or only occasionally in scheduled beta events. i payed 45 euros anticipating a whole lot of fun. imagine my disappointment when i realized what it was all about. don't buy this game now. early access is mostly only a trick to sell the game at a state when it's not ready at all. boredom after a couple of hours playtime guaranteed. i recommend waiting until release."
,Recommended,304030,11751088,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Blackout![WNCT],"Opinions purely from 3 day BETA experience:Before you go much further, I am going to apoligise in advance for the poor grammar and reasoning behind my observations, they are purely personal opinions.Archeage is most likely the greatest MMO I have ever played.I usually don't get into MMOs too much, mostly getting bored within a few hours.However, with Archeage I find myself constantly entertained.The community is great (Don't ruin it guys).The gameplay is awesome.None of this, grind the same dungeons for years to get 10xp.Even when you think you have nothing to do, there's stuff to do.I love the labor system, it actually forces you to go out and quest for a while instead of just grinding collecion.I love the idea of the construction system (Though I didnt get to play with it myself too much, I did meet a nice lady and assist her in finishing her home).This to me is real endgame and objective.I constantly feel as though there is something to work towards other than just getting cash money.All in all.Archeage gets a 9/10 from me.I even went as far as purchasing the alpha access just so that I can keep playing it.There was on thing I noticed though.There is a castle (Dont remember where) that in the main hall, Right infront of the king, there is a tree growing through the ground.Was a sight to be seen."
,Recommended,304030,11755685,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[RotH] @Seribii,"Absolutely badass so far, don't let the prices throw you back, open your wallet and buy the archeum pack now and join us, its brilliant, take everything you like out of every mmo you've player stick it into a rich indepth world and there you have it, Archeage is the nail in the coffin for any other mmo out there =)"
76561198033595042,Not Recommended,304030,33411139,Posted: 9 July,all,Mac,I preordered this cack before refunds were available on Steam. What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste.
,Recommended,304030,15072833,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Knife,"In all honesty, people whine about how bad the game is and call the positive reviews lies.I have to make something clear. The negative reviews are MOSTLY written by players that stopped playing months ago. Don't trust them because they just want to see the game die.What is good about ArcheAge?You can meet lots of nice players, nice PVP events, awesome PVE events too. The crafting system could be better, but it's still enjoyable. You don't have this easymode 100% best-grade gear from crafting. You have to actually work for it to be the best gear out there.Instead of reading reviews I would suggest you to download the game and look for yourself. Most bad reviews are simply from salty people who stopped playing and are now crying on the forum on how bad the game is. It has flaws, I agree, but it's in NO way unplayable like those players say."
,Not Recommended,304030,11612140,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,LocoHugeWang,"I loved this game at first, played alot in the first two-three days, then the company started talking lumps of 111 AUD out of my account without my authorization, they've tryed to do it a few times now but luckly i dont keep my entire savings in that account only my day to day money, do not buy this game, the DEV's are either greedy and will steal your mony or cannot protect your details. ontop of everything they've now banned my account because im compromised, since playing this game i have lost a few hundred dollars and my account, trion worlds is a joke."
,Not Recommended,304030,25435296,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Chef,"Archeage is a captivating concept. However due to the following I cannot in good judgement recommend this game to anyone, at least not anyone I know.The game requires a superfluous devotion of time spent to get any sensation of accomplishment. This is Archeage's biggest downfall. I would play it if I knew I didn't have to spend a repugnant amount of time just to build a boat, house, or any of the latter.It's subscription based. I played Alpha, Beta, and Early Access. I don't remember how much my ""Founder Pack"" cost. If I had to guess, it was $150 USD. With that I should be able to play a full featured game.My characters names were reset, unbeknownst to me.The visuals are contemptible, on highest settings.Boring armor/weapon designs.Awkward game mechanics.Reading other reviews it's apparently P2W. I wouldn't know. I haven't spent more than the time it took to trade some random guy 8.1k credits worth of whatever it was I bought for him.TL,DR: I would play the game if I knew I wouldn't have to have commit to an insufferable 'grind' just to enjoy major game aspects. If you have any shred of a life this game is not for you.**Not to suggest that Archage's patrons do not have 'lives.' They MAKE time to play this game, it's more than likely something they think about regularly. I would rather not condemn myself to one specific video game."
76561198160013697,Not Recommended,304030,29416434,Posted: 22 January,all,Slushy,A poor mans ESO.
76561197960291503,Recommended,304030,11761281,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,sLappy,Very FUN!
76561198009029592,Recommended,304030,11780869,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Dino3d,Great Game- endless posibilitys
,Recommended,304030,11768874,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Bodyguard,"Awesome game, i'd recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,304030,11812383,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Palpytus,"I love the game, however, I've had loads of problems with the Founder's Pack. I bought it and immediately it said that it had been redeemed already. My opinion is just to play when the betas are happening"
,Recommended,304030,11836852,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,HO CHI MINH,VERY GOOD GAME ! I LOVE IT! 8.5/10MY TOP MMO:1st GUild wars 2: 9.3/102nd ArcheAge : 8.5/103rd WOW : 8.0/104 ........ Skyrim Online : 7/10
76561197985023524,Recommended,304030,11771231,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,FaTaL,"Bugüne kadar oynadığım açık ara en iyi MMO, şiddetle tavsiye!"
76561198119635897,Recommended,304030,11770046,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dukie,"Eversince our heroes conquered Azeroth,a journey was made to find a new home.As ArcheAge rises and shines at the horizon,such wow, very amaze!"
76561198002741774,Recommended,304030,15285728,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mista Smoo,"Great game. Warning though; Only play this game if you are willing to pay to play.You can play without paying for in game currency, of course, but have fun with the extremely long grind that awaits you. The grind is long, even with the priviledge of being able to throw money at it.Still, I love the game for what it is."
,Recommended,304030,15902358,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Yoshi,Nice way to waste time and money.
,Recommended,304030,15921294,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sir Theta,"This is a free to play MMORPG, and in my opinion it's better than many of the others out there. If you have patron status the game is fantastic and feels full fledged. Without patron however, it feels cut short and lack luster. The labour system is supposed to stop farming of resourses and crafting systems. however it just brings down the game. I once sat beside a forge for half an hour to craft a set of armor because labour points take so long to regen.But as i said this is a free MMO so its expected that there are downfalls. if you are looking for a good, fun F2P MMO, try this one. The class system is amazing and works fantastically. You have real choice when it comes to how you want to play and the character creation is nothing short of amazing."
76561198143455422,Recommended,304030,19790959,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thin and Chronic,dog♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304030,18231153,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sock,Best game I've ever played.It's a shame it was completely destroyed by mismanagement and greedy developers.
76561198177877429,Recommended,304030,30228405,Posted: 27 February,all,xHetzerBro,Full Recommendation for all RPG lovers :) this game is amazing! :)
,Not Recommended,304030,28353817,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Chimpalicious,If you're a no lifer this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,304030,30056076,Posted: 20 February,all,Spooky Boy,"I can't even successfully attempt to try this game for more than a couple minutes every time, I'll come back to it after being away for months, and most recently, after about a year of not playing it, I decided to download it again, made a new account, two characters, and played less than a couple minutes before deleting it.You don't use the W A S D keys to move around, like every other game, and that bugs me, personally. That's something almost everyone is already used to doing. What's the use of implementing another system when there's nothing wrong with the old one in the first place?The most memorable thing about this whole game is the character creation, which honestly counts for most of my time playing it, not including the first couple weeks the game released. I did enjoy it when it first came out, but I haven't been able to find the same enjoyment in the game since then.If your game can only boast about graphics and character creation, then you might be better off just making a Character Generator instead. I think people would enjoy that more than this."
76561198026918069,Recommended,304030,17983260,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Darkmetal,"Best Game ever, PVP is awesome and naval fights are amazing. Totally Recomend the game"
,Recommended,304030,30154613,Posted: 24 February,all,Hazed,"Game is too fun, you should try it, I need moar newbs to pawn"
,Recommended,304030,20393433,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Nekromancer,Great Game if you have one of the following:- 1000 Visa/Mastercard Power- Two Handed Credit Card- Full set of Leather Credit card storage devices- Unlimited Trolling Strength
,Recommended,304030,11483617,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tamedbeast,"I bought the top tier founders pack, and was it worth it? Well here is my view below.To start of this game is pretty sober you will not find anything ridiculously bizarre like a human mounting a goat that mounts a dragon that mounts a giant turtle at once! Big no! So if you are looking for a game that really makes you feel you are part of the environment of the game, then ArcheAge is the game you are looking for... Its music is just amazing, actually one of the things I'm pretty severe with when judging an MMORPG is the music they made for it, and it's just outrageous... The music is very well divided by zones, elves got a more Celtic style of music while races like have a really fierce music.Ambientalization and sounds effects are nice, it makes you feel that you are actually in the scenario instead of being in front of a screen, if you enable 3D sound and some other effects you can enjoy the amazing sound quality this game offers. Now going for the Graphics, one of the pillars of gaming this days. This game does not over excels in terms of sick detail in the environment, its more sober and I will say that it's more convincing cause it's less charged with unnecessary details and that's one of the golden keys of this game, that is a game that does not bores you in terms of unnecessary environment details, sometimes you get really exhausted to pay attention at so many details. But of course this is a next-Generation game, its environment has detailed part too and it also makes an awesome usage of the cry engine but I repeat it makes its correct use with soberly.In terms of Detailed Characters I have to confess that I have fall in love instantly when I meet the Ferre Race , it is very well tuned and designed as well as the other races which I expected they were a little bit more fantastic in part of the other races, I must admit that ferre race was quite innovating as well.This talking about character details and its design makes me want to talk about the character customization that it was one of the most complete character customizations i have ever tried along with the A.P.B and Black desert Character customizations, But we are going to talk about this well developed feature later, first I want to talk about the Splash arts, splash arts and the artistic part of this game got a nice taste in terms of Art production, I gotta say that I'm a professional artist as well and a student of Art in one of the most prestigious university of Argentina and I really get amazed by the art production made for this game...And now for finishing with the Raw Review and passing to the IN-GAME preview im gonna talk about the Gameplay of the game, maybe one of the Core things on this game. In this game we have 4 Races (Nuian,Ferre,Elf and Hariharan) and a total of 120 classes to choose, yes there are 6 basic classes that are the Warriors,Scouts,Necromancers,Elemental Lords,Clerics and archers, but combining the 10 skill threes and other systems this game offers it makes a total of 120 classes which is just a lot of options and combinations that makes this game so unique. One of the things I loved from this game was the combat system, its target sadly, but it has its own innovation on it which is... uhmm...to put it simple it's similar to Aion, but it's quite faster and smoother and you will also be fighting with your primary and secondary weapon all time, so you don't need to swap any weapon when fighting and you can just combine the skills freely. It makes the game a little bit interesting and different from others, I still would have prefer to be a non-target action game, but its a matter of tastes, I have nothing to reproach about this system.Finally we are at one of the Golden stars on this game at my point of view, a key feature and a really well developed character customization! I have customized a Female Ferre, She looks pretty nice, one of the things i have love the most was the Advanzed customization feature that signals the dots you are going to modify by manipulating this feature as you can see on the right corner.When i was saying that this game design was really sober and thats why i loved it, it was serious, The character customization is VERY VERY complete but at the same time it limits the Troll characters that breaks the game Role-playing. So you can see a catwoman with a 5 meters nose very tiny eyes and with a total height of 3 Male characters, this is is intend to play with the proporsions but not to intentionally break the normal proportions which i actually think it was a really nice idea and its a very safe refuge for those who wants to role play.As a personal Review i give it a 4.9 Over 5 stars, Its one of the most close to perfection games i have ever played and i promise i will keep playing it after doing this review for you guys, So as a final conclusion: If you are a really lover of Mmorpgs and Role playing games, And i refer to old masters (back to the 70s and 80s) you must try this game , you must give it a shot cause its just way too awesome and they have made a really god job by developing it.So was the founder pack worth the $150? Yup every last dime."
,Not Recommended,304030,11708398,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,The Deanie,"If you enjoy PVE, do not buy this game!Being that this game is still in Beta Testing, I've come away with a grim outlook on several things.  First, the PVE is nonexistant, you cant do much with what AA has planned to be a PVP first game.  If your into PVP, then this game is going to be fun, but therein lies the rub.  The PVP-first mentality is a new study, because so far the chat has been the worst feature offered through a MMO Ive ever played on.  Seriously its all worthless oneliners and never any substance, quite frankly until it changes dramatically there will be no substance.And that sucks, because this game is fun, the emotes are cool and new, the character deleopment is really nice and you can see a game that could function as its OWN game, but the developers just dont have enough foresight and are taking what they can get, sadly most boring story if there is one.Honestly I will play this, but then again I like MMOs and the game in itself will be a grind."
,Recommended,304030,11740812,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,I wish I was in a Ko Ma,"I stole some grapes, and murdered for taking said grapes, and I was sent to jail.10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,304030,11832878,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,sleepy boy,i r8 dis gr8
,Recommended,304030,11708805,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Jin-,"ALPHA review!80h in, in such a short time. Haven't had this much fun since old Age of Conan 1.4. Lots of things to do and you can easily forget questing. No hurry to max lvl unless you wan't to race for house, but the race only starts when game launches. So enjoy your time while Alpha lastsAlso those harani girls, fap fap fap 10/10"
,Recommended,304030,11771829,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Pajeet csgoroll.com,Just started this gameSo far it fantastic
,Recommended,304030,11775983,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jim,"This is the only MMORPG i've ever properly enjoyed, the others i've played have got stale within the first week.Archeage is a huge step in the right direction for MMOs it's combat never gets stale and if it does you can just change your class whenever and wherever you want, you never run out of things to do even with the labour system which really helps the games economy from people who would just grind out the same items making them useless which is happened in so many games i've played.Tradepacks are a revolutionary tool and is so perfect for Archeage you use your farmed materials to make them (there is about 4 unique tradepacks per region) i've gone on countless trips across the sea with friends sinking ships killing and dying while delivering these tradepacks for either gilda stars (which you use to purchase plans for ships/vehicles/houses+ a few others) or you can trade it in for gold (i've personally not tried the third hand in)The design of the game is so beautiful every way you look you're amazed by how far you can see and the quality of everything, every new area you enter is like entering a new world new plants and trees grow that you might not have seen before, i'm discovering new trees and so many new areas i've never been now i'm level 50.Every little detail is this game has been looked at and refined perfectly i can't wait for the rest of the Korean version to be ported over, a recent update has also made the game alot smaller to download, and they have also said they won't be forcing us to download huge patches they will be rolled out at around 800mb-1gb which was a big problem for me when i played WoW!If you do choose to buy or wait untill archeage is released for f2p as soon as you jump on you'll wish you had it sooner this it the best game i have EVER played full stop i highly recommend the Archeum pack to jump into the Alpha with us all now :) Purchase some land and breed your polar bears for an awesome polar bear mount! what more do you want?? a black one? well they have it! Don't get me started about the naval side of things it's INCREDIBLE from the water to your ship to the mightiest Galleon you'll never get bored with this game."
76561198081299306,Recommended,304030,11607928,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Fluxx,11/10 would play again
,Recommended,304030,24175757,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,moose,"cleary i know my♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz i got 1000 hours. this game is the best mmo you will play, but was corrupted by p2w weeb trash. the game is fixed and in my opinion not terrible anymore so all you ♥♥♥♥ing nillers out there playing WoW switch back to AA b4 its too late."
,Recommended,304030,11780293,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,NyanNyanTime,"For those who want an awesome MMO. then I would recommend this to you. I heard that Arche Age is Free-to-Play and it has an optional Subscription for the game. If that is what you are in to, then join into the game. If you were a long time WOW player, you should give this game a try or at least watch how the gameplay is similar to WOW but in my opinon is a lot better than WOW.Arche Age is so much fun. I love that you can make your own combinations of 3 out of the 6 skills Sets (class). If you don't want to use one of the skill set that character has, you can change it and still keep your old skill set progression in case you want to switch back. I also like to mention that they give you a name based on the skill set(s) you chose regardless of the number of skill sets you chose. For example, my character skill set combination is: shadowplay(rouge), Occultism(dark mage), Sorcery(mage). Based on my character's skill set combination, arche age gave my name ""Reaper"".I think that arche age did an awesome job on their selection and mix & match of the games skill sets.Crafting is a huge thing in Arche Age. You gotta know what you are doing. I find crafting is challenging but gives me the motivation to carft for some money.Gathering resources is actaully more realistic than I thought because like mining for ore, you gotta find the resource yourself.Everything else like livestock. lumber, food and other plant goods can be farmed and harvest. Some of the mention resources maybe found all over the map but the catch is that you have to search for them yourself.Building your own house or boat/ship is such an amazing experience. The only drawback to this is that you gotta gather your own resouces in order to build them. You can have friends to help you out which helps speed up your building/gather trips.I haven't gone too far into the game to explore things like PVP, being a ciminal or pirate,alchemy, craft things that I haven't got a chance to like Jewlery, armour, weapons and many more that I cannot remember.I'm certainly looking forward for future betas in the game. Feel Free to comment, my review is only based what I have experience but not ment to criticize arche age or other games."
76561198043607556,Recommended,304030,11772403,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,IMAUNICORN,"if you like simullator games like Truck Simulator(tm) along with grinding for mats a voyaging across beautiful lands with some money to through: you will love this game. It is  an amazing game to play with your friends and destroy all who oppose you and pillage there life savings! I mean stealing is a thing you can do in and out of zones, open world pvp and not to menchen the crazy farm system from ore and stone to trees, livestock and crops. I wish i could share with you half the joy I felt playing this game. Such a good change from the regular MMO and mixed qualities from different games brought to just one seemlessly. Any mat affects a different vocation. The progression system is so advanced and noteworthy. It makes you feel as if you are in a new land. Since I can't stop talking about it I'll let you play it while I brag about how cool my house and car look together."
,Recommended,304030,11510135,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Tom Trustworthy,"Updated! Ended up level 17, see more review toward the end of my original.I will be updating this review as I play more and more, I read some reviews about this game and looked up some info on the site. Bought the lowest package to get in the beta and see how things are.My MMO history: Ultima Online (favorite MMO), WOW started at beta and stopped when wrath came out, Age Of Conan :(, Darkfall Online (second favorite, played on EU servers with the goons and on US servers), Guildwars 1 and 2, then a mix of some that don't matter.Started this one up last night, the story for my race is pretty neat. Sounds like they have taken a beating over the years. There are 4 races, two are buddy buddy and the other two are close. So you can understand your own race talk and the friend race but not the other two. I guess you can learn the other languages and I like that aspect of it.I believe I am level 8 now and around level 5 you get a pet/mount, you have to kinda care for them for a bit as a quest then they grow up and you give them a ton of hugzzzz :P. Not really, but you do bond with it a bit first. You can ride the mount or jump off and have it follow you, I think as you travel and I know as you fight with them by your side they gain xp. They will gain levels like you. They get new skills and you can gear them up. Far better than the old school WOW mounts.I have gathered some resources so far, I have not done anything with those yet. Also as you play you gain these points (labor points) but you gain so many over time while you play and when you're offline if you paid for the game. These points so far have been used for items in my pack. Quests or drops will be closed up or unidentified and you use 1 or 5 of these points to see what the item is. I was worried about this at first but i have not dropped too low on points to be able to open up some of the loot that comes packaged up.While riding around on my mount I have found people flying/gliding over me which is pretty cool. The villages I have passed through seem very alive with NPC's and players, everybody is up to something.Fighting system: This seems very similar to Guildwars 2. There are combos where if somebody is stunned or poisoned or something then you do this other ability it will proc or something. I could put 20 stacks of debuffs on a mob then hit them with one move that would stun them if there was 20 stacks. Most of the abilities I have seen do something like this.Skill points: After leveling up you get skill points to assign out. You first start with 1 set of abilities, then once you hit level 5 you can add another whole set of skills to pick from. I had 3 choices to use, and it actually looks like you can reset these decisions at any time. Which i might do just because gear now is not as important since i just started. Just to see how i can play this character in different ways.One thing that bugs me about this game right now.. every time i load up the game my character loads only the hair. So the character model is just a wig basically and it takes a while to load. Then in game it will do the same thing if i have never been to the area. My computer is not great but still seems like an odd problem. Other issues similar will happen like the whole left face of a mountain will be missing and take a while to load.Ok thats it for now, I should be playing more over the weekend if i have time. I will update this review again. Right now its a YES for this game and I'd give it a 7.8/10.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Since my initial review I have gained some levels and found out about some other things in the game.The small farm I had going was kinda lost, I did not understand the whole scarecrow part of farms. So I actually planted some seeds just on some open ground and came back later to find they were gone. Now I understand if you place a scare crow, you claim that land and you can farm it. Nobody can steal those plants if you pay your taxes. The next beta event (when will it be?!?!) things will be different! I'll be a pro farmer!I did learn a bit about houses, once you build one and place it you will have taxes. There may be some room around the house to even plant some things. You can add family members to the house so they can use it as well. !!! I thought this was a great idea for anybody that buys a founders pack but has friends that do not want to. You could just buy the house and set them as family so even while they are not paying customers they still get some access to premium content.Another aspect I found out about was trading, I did not get to do any but I was in a guild with somebody that was. I talked to him about it. So how it works is, you farm some crop... then you bring it to a specific town. That area will have a specialty that they are known for, lets say Rosemary. You will pack up 100 rosemary and make a trade pack. The pack will be put on your back and you will move slowly. Now you want to flip this ♥♥♥♥♥ for a profit... that means you want to travel farrrr away to a land that is rosemaryless. They will pay you kindly and you will be a boss! If you run into hostile lands or take a boat that means more risk.... but that will tend to get you more reward. Awesome system here for sure, you can hire people to protect you or make a living killing these fine traders.Rating at this point has to be a solid 9/10... I am expecting PVP to be very WOWish so thats a drag but this farming, pirating, and very fun fast questing will make up for that."
76561198095845932,Recommended,304030,29751435,Posted: 6 February,all,Cloud24,!!!!!!!
76561198002563402,Recommended,304030,16281941,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Raikuma,"at a little over 351 hours I write this review, having spent about a week running through the really scenic and engaging main storyline and other questlines that give you the chance to explore and understand the depth of each region. I have played about 100 hours in the alpha, which a lot of the current negative reviews are stemming from.(Oh no, an as-yet unreleased game has issues, better go sign off on it being bad before they fix 'em)I have about 250 hours post-release and 350 hours in-game total. In this time I have;o Bred polar Bears on a farmo Stolen money-pouches from nearly every living non-player thing in sighto Crafted extremely intricate and time-intensive pieces of gear, items, food, drink, potions, gems, jewelry, ships, wagons, rowboats, mounted ship weapons, and many other awesome things that REALLY matter in-game. your name is on that gear forever, so you can make a name for yourself.o Sunk someone's battleship.o Caught a huge marlin while waiting for a war to end in an area I wanted to trade in.o traded goods and services across the continent and across the sea for great profit.o Crushed my enemies, and seen them driven before me while listening to the lamentations of their women.o waged a war between ghost armies of long-dead kingdoms who haven't yet given up the fight.o picked archeum from the branches of a snooty tree who only drinks designer water imported from scenic Auroria, literally thousands of miles away.o tutored players learning the ropes and helped them on their quests while being rewarded for the task handsomely.o drank literally enough fruit punch to give one-eighth of Africa Diabetes.o had a running battle against pirates trying to steal tradepacks from a friend's caravan. It was intense and they made off with one.o Built a house in a scenic dusty plain with ocean view and access to a main trade route, and proceeded to fill it with the exploits of my adventuring days that I continue to accrue, as well as a handsome painting of myself.If you want an MMO that is MMO in every sense of the word, doesnt require a subscription to keep playing, has an extremely sandboxy feel to it, and has equal depth in both PVP and PVE content with regular update releases that YOU DONT HAVE TO BUY TO HAVE ACCESS TO(ahem, WoW/EQ/EQ2/etc) along with an active moderator community, this is the game for you. you may live your fantasy life how you wish, and can access everything on one character without making alts to drastically change your playstyle because each of the skillsets you use(you may have 3 active at once and build your overall class' skillset from there) levels independantly from you. with enough time you could swap in and out of every role, but you could still only use 3 skillsets at one time allowing for extremely in-depth customization of what your character can do exactly, and that is expanded each time the level cap is raised, leaving new options open for what can be done. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to live in an MMO fantasy world that values the player-driven content in a sandbox environment where you can accomplish much more solo than say, EVE, and much more with a group than, say, WoW"
,Not Recommended,304030,18233072,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,evilgoodness,no mouse inversion???? wtf ... this is 2015.... mouse inversion brah!
,Recommended,304030,29490381,Posted: 25 January,all,SmiZ,Archeage is a friendly game for friendly people.
76561198042137285,Recommended,304030,29528378,Posted: 27 January,all,Magic Man!,"This game is really great. I dunno why people say its pay to win, I've been searching for a long time now trying to find a place where I can pay money to get the cool stuff in the game, but there is nowhere to do that. The main thing you want in Archeage is Gilda stars. They can be used to buy all sorts of awesome stuff. Gold coin is also important, its used at most murchants to buy goods, and its very easy to earn money in-game. There is no way to purchase either of these two things with real life money, so the only way you can get them is to play the game and earn them. If you want an awesome ship, you have to play to earn it. Maybe you could spend money and get ""credits"" which allow you to purchase items from a small market storet that honestly doesn't have very much to offer at all, but to get a ship you still have to farm wood, and cloth, and wool, to get everything you need. People really don't understand what Pay2Win means. It means paying money so that you can ""win"" the game. There is no ""winning"" in this game, you just play and have fun. People that complain about the ""Pay2Win"" in this game are just mad that they can't afford the purple deer pet on the market that doesn't do anything but neigh and clomp at the ground with its dumb purple hoof.Get gud mates. :D"
,Recommended,304030,22514955,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,GreJuVa,"Leech game, literally."
76561198165289653,Recommended,304030,30210361,Posted: 26 February,all,AnimeFanLTU Farmskins.com,The Best GAme EVer
76561197970735813,Recommended,304030,30201210,Posted: 26 February,all,Umeroff,yas!
76561198132508724,Recommended,304030,30209713,Posted: 26 February,all,Life is Strange,Great.
76561198076083947,Recommended,304030,11823390,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Freyr,"In ArcheAge, you play as an erotic dancer of your own creation dead-set on being the best to please the masses. With a large array of dance moves, real-time talking with live audiances, and just the undies on your back, you can only go up from here.10/10 would dance again."
,Recommended,304030,11825039,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,fullirishbear,"Great game,very much enjoyed it but the aplha servers are cramped at the moment so hard to find a place to farm so if it looks good just sign up for a beta and wait for the game to come out unless you really want the instore credits and the 4 day head start"
76561198032456671,Recommended,304030,11669127,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mcgehe Mchalister,like skyrim with swords
76561198116115562,Recommended,304030,11755042,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Goose,"Absolutely Fantastic MMORPG.  One of the best in my opinion.  The player-contolled economy is one of my favorite parts, it adds a little twist to the game to keep it interesting.  Not only that, but it's great to see people farming and what not while others are on quests fighting monsters and such.  It such an amazing and unique enviroment that makes the game better than the rest.  It'd very easy to catch on and once you do, you don't wanna stop playing!  My two problem with the game at the moment is the random glitches that cover your screen and is just a nuisance in general, but thats what your gonna get for Alpha/Beta.  The other problem is that to me, there seems to be a very big jump in the difficulty of quests.  On Haranya, when you are around level 16-17, you have quests that are around you level of difficulty, but once you hit level 18, all quests and enemies you have the face are level 26 worthy, making leveling up frustrating and difficult.  At the moment, I would say 8.5/10, but by the time they fix everything and what not, this game could easily be a 11/10.  I'm not a big MMORPG guy, but this game caught my attention quick, and I absolutely cannot wait for it to offically come out."
,Recommended,304030,11583853,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Topcat,Verry Good Kind of like a free guild wars 2
,Not Recommended,304030,16045084,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,(TDD)PlazmaWing,nope nope and nope
,Recommended,304030,11562101,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Crono,Customer support is worse then EA.
76561197972296152,Recommended,304030,11745690,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,-_(o)Ælwyn-[JFK],"This game is an exceptionally fun and welcome addition to anyones library.  If you enjoy MMO's and you're looking for something fresh that expands on all aspects of MMO gaming then this game is for you.  Don't just take my word for it, read everyone elses review.  You'll honestly have an absolute blast with your friends whilst playing this game.  Buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,304030,11627555,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Darshe,"Very promising - stunning visuals and was hooked as soon as I landed in the game. Seems to have vast landscapes entwined with rich scenery and amazing spell effects. 10/10 so far...Crime system looks promising - you gain crime points and can get landed in jail. You can plead guilty in court for a lesser sentence too. Once in jail there are many things to do, including escape :P.Also in parallel to crime points you can gain infamy, which unlike crime points cannot be removed. If you hit the 3000 infamy point cap you can become a pirate and do pirate quests etc. Interesting stuff.Loving the depth they are willing to take this game."
,Recommended,304030,11760552,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,I Lost My Bagel,Don't go in to this game expecting to get all of your gear from quests and such. Almost every piece of gear you get wll be from crafting. You need to collect any materials you get and stay attentive on your farm and other properties.10/10 easily my favorite MMORPG
,Recommended,304030,11826823,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Chymare,Just started beta today for the first time and this game... IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!! :D
76561198091084820,Recommended,304030,11593254,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,fyfemm,"Beutiful graphics, smooth gameplay, and well crafted animations. What's not to love about this near perfect mmorpg? Well, as far as i can tell, nothing that can't easily be fixed by the full release. Currently i've encountered a few graphical glitches, maybe some problems after spamming the jump key (Though i suppose that's my fault too.), other than that it's near exactly what i want in a mmorpg. 9/10 currently, hopefully 10/10 by release."
76561197985746922,Recommended,304030,11556167,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Squ!shy,I only got to play this game for a day and a half during its 2nd Beta. I think this game has some really good potental! I had a lot of fun playing it and the class/tree system is really unique and cool. I think it could be worth 49.99 if you have it to spend. If you are boarderline with your money then wait and see it on a friends comp.
,Recommended,304030,11540979,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,PsyoniX,"Spent all my gold to make 1 fishing pole that lasts for 3 days and then found out I needed to buy bait too.10/10 would bate again.Seriously this game is complex and beautiful.  The alpha is fully thriving and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys fantasy mmos.  This game is a Korean westernization but it doesn't feel like that.  It's so freaking epic, PLAY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,304030,11522114,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Khan,So far pretty great. You should try it out.
,Recommended,304030,11531543,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Clam Slammer,you can harpoon your ships across the continents14/10 would play again
,Recommended,304030,11710150,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Saint Ajora,"All I can say about this game so far is, thank God I'm already divorced.  For if I werent I would be very soon and probably wouldn't have noticed for a while.  The graphics are absolutely stunning and the UI is fairly easy to figure out.9.5/10 Because somebody just need to make a jpeg of the key mapping for us nooobies."
76561198007421939,Recommended,304030,11626171,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TAW | Vvanderer,"It´s a good game, not perfect, but it has the potential of being the best mmo of the year.. and maybe even beyond that.But why?First of all, the graphics are good. The used engine (Cryengine 3) does it´s job, and still has potential for the future to look even better. In addition it´s an engine suitable for mmo´s, i have jet to experience engine related problems in this game. After playing Aion for 5 Years thats something quite positive and important, as that can severely influence the pvp experience in a bad way, especialy for melee classes.But lets talk a bit about the combat, it´s tab based, which in my opinion ist the best way for mmo´s, it´s well paced, and you can move during all of your skills, exept for the cast skills of cause. The need to stand still on a spot, even when using instant skills was always bothering me (although thanks to the nuggy engine there was a way around that in Aion). That makes for a dynamic and movement based combat. But thats not all, spamming just some skills wont get you anywhere (at least it shouldn´t), but using the right combinations and synergies will bring out the full potential for your character. The combination system, which at first glance seems rather complicated can be learned by simplyplaying, because soon you´ll notice the *combo effect* written over the targets head als you´re accidently using a combo.But lets talk a moment here about the classes. There are 10 Skill trees, and you can combine 3 of them into your own class, and put your skill point them accordingly to your playstyle. This means there will be so much diversity in PvP and PvE, as you can have your own unique playstyle. Wanna be a ranger play can unleash a roaring thunder? no problem.. a sneaky mage, attacking you out nowhere? You can do that, or just a simply cleric like character... there is a class combination for everyone here. Even if you have chosen a combination, that doesnt seem to work for you anymore? No Problem, you can rechoose your classes, without having to create an all new character.Of cause not everything is perfect, for example the questing system is not really exiting, quests are rather repetetive and and the rewards pretty much always xp, cash and maybe some armor/weapons. It´s been done in a lot of mmo´s and this one is no different, BUT the questing areas are well highlighted on the map, and I have never had any trouble finishing a quest. But you´re not playing Archeage for the quests, those are just the means to lvl up, get some starter gear (which they do offer) and get to the end content smoothly, which again, works.So graphics, combat and quest are fine, but what about the rather hyped crafting system? As I have not played this game too much, i can only say.. it works for me, I have done some gathering, crafted a few things, and the system works. The amazing part of the crafting in Archeage is actually not the way it works, but the sheer diversity of what you can actually craft. Ships, houses, armor, weapons, your own sheep farm, even castles, submarines and a frigging tractor that can honk can be crafted.But no matter how amazing the things are, that can be created, if that materials needed for them are too easly obtained, or to hard, this crafting system can be the downfall of Archeage. You won´t be able to big scaled crafts on your own, as you´ll need a big guild to achieve your, and your mates goals because of the complexity of the system, which is good, as this will create the need to work together and keeps egoism down.. which for me means that the game will be a lot more enjoyable for the majority of the peopleAs I have not done PvP so far, only watched some videos of it, I can´t really judge it, but it seems good as far as I´m concerned.In conclusion: in theory this is not just a great game, but THE next big potential MMO,  but it all depends on the publisher andthe community, as it´s a player based economy that´ll only work if the community gets it right. I sincerely hope that it will, because Archeage has so much potential.If you´re looking for an MMO few retricions, and a lot of ways to play it in addition, and dont mind the need of having to purchase the patron status (you can buy it with in the ingame currency or rl money), it´s a must try.For those, who always need a guiding hand, leading you through the entire game this might not be your choice of MMO, but with some friends who can lead you, it still might be quite the joyride. Since it´ll be free to play, anyone can test it, although again, without the patronage status your experience will be limited."
,Recommended,304030,11734132,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mike,BEST GODDAMN GAME EVER! IN THE HISTORY OF GAMES THIS ONE BEATS UP THE REST WITH A BASEBALL BAT.
,Recommended,304030,11682426,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Django Spicy Cheetos,It's gud.
,Recommended,304030,11694187,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Phrawstbyte,Love this game!
76561198009908413,Recommended,304030,11858770,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[-DLC-] Admiraal Tromp,this game is Archeage is a great MMORPG with alot of sandbox features in it.This games offers endless fun when you are with friends.Explore build your own empire.wage wars with other empire's(guilds)And have the greatest naval battles at the mighty sea's.forge alliances with enemy's to fight a common foe.this is simply amazing
76561198021710409,Recommended,304030,11765767,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Oroki,Super Awesome! Haven't had this much fun since Skyrim just buy it!
,Recommended,304030,11567315,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,YourGirlsEx,"Mind blowing. Too much fun, can't wait until they bring it up to date with how it is in Korea."
,Recommended,304030,11566266,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Spooge,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing.
76561198022849269,Recommended,304030,11582241,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Aladeen,Best MMO I've played yet
,Recommended,304030,11746819,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,InShadows,"Great MMORPG, ive played wow since the release and as much as i love it, arche age is probably at the same level. :) def worth the buy."
76561198026546547,Recommended,304030,11582548,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,KUK KILLA,Great game.It's F2P.But getting the Patron Pack make your better than the FP2 peasants.
,Recommended,304030,11567073,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Drtrider,"Fantastic. A fresh feel to an MMO. Something I would highly reccomend to those interested in long-term achievments and over all a fantastic community. The mechanics are clean, the quests are interesting, and the game has loads of potential to becoming something fantastic."
,Recommended,304030,11552063,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Isostran,"When I first read the reviews of this game it was not very good but!!!! I played the beta and found out it was all BS, the game is great. If you want some questions answered about the game watch Bikestman on youtube Archeage Questions Answered. Watch all his videos and decide for yourself. I liked it and would recommend it."
76561198050900123,Recommended,304030,11554590,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Akira Amano,So beautiful and amazing asome to play by yourself or with friends
76561198043144653,Recommended,304030,11560175,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gorebasher,Great so far. keen to see the overall outcome. and to be able to play beyond the beta :)
76561198088968447,Recommended,304030,11561102,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Arriad,"got the $149 pack - of the stuff I was supposed to get got the 11k but no armor, no glider, no stones etcSent them a note two days ago and no answer - otherwise game is entertaining - lots to do - lots to figure out"
,Recommended,304030,11553760,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,GennX,"This game is amazing. I haven't had this much fun since vanilla WoW, there are no loading screen unless your going to the dungeons. the Map is big like BIG. the first couple of levels is all about chains of quests which lead to the level 30 area where PvP is encouraged, BUT you dont have to be level 30 to PvP just making that clear, i've seen level 12's running around war zones so random :D.now this is for the people who want to be total badasses and kill our own factions. DO IT!!! seriously all i was doing in beta was killing people and yes i know it's a little bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥but it's entertaining. But be warned the more you do this the more people will start to hate you and they WILL KILL ON SITE. i'm talking through experience, nothing like being chassed by the enemies and your people. this behavioue leads you to becoming a pirate. which is a big deal apparentlyoverall this game is one of the best games i've ever played i still havent gotten into the crafting and bulding side yet but i definetly will.totally recommend it   -Gennesiis"
76561198029440842,Recommended,304030,11560317,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Terrorist Turtle,you can steal other peoples blueberries 11/10
76561198036896414,Recommended,304030,11505565,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,jubjub,"I can't even play the second closed beta even though i bought the silver founder thing for 45€, it says that i dont have the ""right entitlements to play this game"" even though i do as i have stated above.I figured it out by getting some help from the comments and i now find the game very entertaining and time consuming. But i still think that they should have provided some information on how to play.Overall the game is fun and has quests that does'nt bore you, sometimes you need to test engineers inventions wich can be a nice break from killing and collecting. The game is'nt anything really special though, an ordinary mmorpg with a little extras here and there.Note that i have'nt reached the point where the game becomes more intressting, guilds, playerdriven economy etc."
,Recommended,304030,11774166,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Flame,10/10 I get all the ♥♥♥♥♥es in this game
,Recommended,304030,11865283,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Jake#ByteKnight,"I found the questing to be rather boring and dry; however, the other features that the game offers you were so much fun to me that it definitely allowed me to see past the boring questing and enjoy my time in ArcheAge, I didn't give it too much playtime because I thought it would ruin it for me when it actually launched but for sure I will be there when the game launches."
,Recommended,304030,11847215,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Zhen,"Pros: Stackable Classes (Seriously, this might be the best thing ever), world building, and the graphics are just....I can't help but want to talk about the level of detail the devlopers put into this, but...Con: Why in the hell would Steam place a game for us to buy, then have us download Glyph, and THEN make an account through Glyph, verify our Steam product code (On Glyph) and finally download the updates to the Glyph client? Waste of my money to the highest degree. Yes, some will say I should have just bought it on the Glyph client. Thank you Captian ♥♥♥♥ing Hindsight. Now I have to waste twice the memory opening two clients, to play ONE game.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Steam. Get games on your client, instead of taking money from others and making up download another client. Go back to doing this for the gamers, and not for the profits, or you'll see a migration to someone else."
76561198073757356,Recommended,304030,11647786,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,jeffbenefiel,"Please bear in mind that any game that says ""free to play"" really isn't. Servers  are not free, programers are not free, the stock holders who bank rolled the venture want their return on investment, the company who put the whole thing together is there to make a profit, period. You can watch someone play blackjack or poker at a casino for free, if you want a chance to win you will need to put skin in the game.That said, the game is very pretty, even if you don't succeed very often. I've played a few First Person Shooters that are equal in artwork but without the multiplayer aspect, this makes Arche Age kinda special in my opinion. There are a couple of Closed Beta events left as of this writting and then Open Beta. I have yet to explore all that is available in this game. Trading is hard because it involves risk, caveat emptor. The game will require a bit of coordination and team play to survive the hostile zones, it's certainly not a go it alone game. Much of the criticism that has been leveled at this game is rather short sighted from those who want free entertainment.Will there be bands of obnoxious teenage gamer griefers lurking in the hostile zones? Yes, I'm afraid that will be the case. Will being a Patron now, while it's still in Beta, mean you get a head start at open, maybe giving you a better chance at getting land in a non hostile zone? Perhaps, but better then waiting for Free Open release and chancing to luck with all the hoi polloi.The User Interface could be a tad better, it's certainly not as nice as a stand alone FPS. The Heads Up maps and chat screens tend to clutter the display and on my ancient 10"" Viewsonic the text in miniscule. I will probably sit around in the next Beta event just trying to figure out how to customize the display, which reminds me there are videos on YouTube showing just that .All in all I give this game a thrumbs up at the lowest Patron level ($50). If I get 100 hours of enjoyable game play for that it's at least as good or better then many of the games I paid for."
,Recommended,304030,11771525,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Absolutelynobytes,"I have just finished Closed Beta 2 and this MMO RPG is setting a new bar, sandbox building, lengthy crafting, action combat all make this game worthwhile, something WOW has been missing, ESO failed to deliever and the MMO RPG genre has not quite yet acheived."
76561198018085221,Recommended,304030,11507778,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Raspberry Passion Perfect Energy,"420/69 would Shrek again.Pros:PVP: World PvP, Arena PVP, Ship PVP, Siege PVP. All done very well, the skill system allows for extensive customization of combat skills to create a diverse set of PVP players. The PVP is engaging, quick, and stratigic which allows skilled players the ability to truly shine regardless of build.Crafting: Great economy, Mount & Blade style cross-continent trade runs using ships and donkeys, rewarding crafting system with very well thought out disciplines, and satisfying rewards such as ships, homes, furniture, weapons, armor, and useless yet fun cosmetics.World: The world is beautiful, enormous, and diverse. There's hours of exploration and even rewards for exploring specific areas including rare currency, titles, and hidden quest lines. The aspects of player crime and punishment make the world open up with players making trade runs, attacking each other to loot the goods, acting as bounty hunters for criminals, or body-guards for the traders. There's always something interesting happening in every zone, on the ocean, and in the battle zones!PVE: Unique questing system which is very straight forward and allows you to overachieve quests for bonus XP, or to complete a quest early for a reward penalty. This keeps questing fun, and it flows very well with hours of enjoyable quests and stories for each of the faction's races.Cons: Occasional graphical leaks which require re-logging, issues with alt-tabbing which result in long loading screens, unable to shift-tab to Steam chat or take screen shots through Steam."
,Recommended,304030,11668068,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,A Jonny,"I murdered 5 people, then went to jail. Was found innocent by a trial of peers after bribing a juror.10/10"
,Recommended,304030,11762028,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,DukeOfBaconz,Sailed a boat across the ocean and saw boobs fluttering in the wind. 11/10 better than sex
,Recommended,304030,11576963,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Alice ♥,"Besg gaem #121!!! gaem i li,e!"
76561198087100438,Recommended,304030,11501253,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,-VahhnGuard-,Definetly worth it the game is still in Beta yes but after playing the game for a couple of hours i have to say its pretty damn and i only got to lvl 8 i have yet to expereince anything after that but i cant imagine how much better the game will get especially at end game so far my favorite thing about the game the most is the cross skill sets how you can mix any 3 class skills with your own to make your custom class there is so much customization itds rediculous and the world looks beautiful and its just amazing i say try it out before you become to qucik to judge the game
,Recommended,304030,11557973,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Moooooooooooooooooooo,The gameplay is fantastic so far. Everything I asked for in a sanbox Mmo! Looking forward to the launch. great game!
,Recommended,304030,11602390,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,bredo,"If you are an MMO fan, definetely invest in ArcheAge, I have the Silver Founders Pack, which was only $50, and I got a ton of amazing stuff with the game. When beta events occur, you will be able to play the game, even though it is not even out yet, and when the game actually comes out, you will get a few extra days ahead of everyone else. Definetely worth the $50, I would even consider buying the $150 pack if you are very interested."
76561197998955213,Recommended,304030,11578471,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,TableWhine,"One of the best MMOs I've ever played. It ALMOST gave me that feeling I had when I first played vanilla WoW.  I barely scratched the surface on the crafting side but it looks incredibly deep.  The combat and class system allows for insane customization and really fun, diverse combat.  Would definitely reccomend!"
,Recommended,304030,11543170,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,I am Calvin,♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
76561198064650937,Recommended,304030,11552059,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Wyldethang,"The Beta test was really awesome, I wish I could afford the Archeum Founders pack and continue on the Alpha server. Dying to find out when the next beta test is.  The MMO was very responcive, Missions were pretty easy to follow, and the character creation process offered ALOT of options for the 4 race types offered.  Im giving this a higher rating than WOW for graphics, and content thus far, and I really think its going to be competitive with the bigger games."
,Recommended,304030,11626925,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Jinzo,"So far, 999/10."
76561198081409358,Recommended,304030,11623092,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,sharinga1123,i dont like the fact that purchase the game while thinking i was going to be able to play it right away if you buy game you can not play until agust 14
76561198012825036,Recommended,304030,11703119,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,xADHDxSQUIRRELx,"Cannot play, it keeps saying i dont have the right entitlements to play"
76561198113233821,Recommended,304030,11631950,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Baronofsin,"I can't wait for this game to be fully released, crazzy awesome, two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,304030,11696866,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,eYeN,Wanna try it so much!
,Recommended,304030,11803311,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Abby,"ArcheAge...well people lets begin.... 9/10So ArcheAge is a wounderful open world mmo rpg game with grate detail to every small thing you would think of a part from even more detail not everything can be perfect but ArcheAge hits the nail on the head which I'll be listing in a long list of details with in the game itself I don't often write a Review nether do I fund 150 dollors in a founder pack as I did my research before spending such money Youtube videos of character customzetion, screen shots, Races, Class's, Lore, steam Reviews and many forums, size of the game whats needed single player multplayer controller support all of this to find out every detail and feature it has to offer before paying such a price or interst me to playing as such i was not even awear of modt stuff that was in the age of ArcheAge not even close i only hit the tip of the ice burg from the outside world, I often have my freinds ask me..I give only few my freinds a good detail of it but I'm tierd of shareing it in steam chat so its time for Abbys Review!! ""yay!!""So now I'll get to the sweetbit now thats all said and done get ready for mouth watering detail for in sight on what details and features to spect when entering  The Age of ArcheAge!,//// In Game Details And Features \\\\Open WorldBag Inventory has Tabs and [ + ] to make custom TabsMountsMounts don't POOF! on a mount like world of warcraftMounts runs out of no where from behind and stops by your sideMounts you grip and hold onto your mount and clime up on it with a climeing anmation and same when climeing off itMounts You and your partner can ride on the same mount togher with out paying any costMounts you can ride anyones mountMounts you can kick anyone off your mountMounts can swim when on // off your mountMounts follow you by your side like a hunters pet from world of warcraft or guild wars 2Mounts you can fire arows and swing swords at your eanmy while rideing your mountMounts Cow mounts that has the ability to POO on the floor by click of a butten / spell on the mount ability tabMounts have there own ability / spellsTelport to zones like guild wars 2Telport must explore the world in order to telport to citys and towns need to read telport books in towns and citys to telport thereLovely musicLovely sound effects of crickets and birds and other wild lifeLovely realstic high rez skysLovely WaterLovely land scape, worldWater can and is clear and clean in the sea and rivers and lakesWater canand is dirty and muggy in some rivers and lakes maybe seas that i have not come across yetWater effects are detailedWater has bubblesWater splashes when driving ships and boats in Sea, River, LakesWater Makes splash sounds and realstic water sounds when hitting your boat or shipWater makes sound and effects that real water would when swimingWater it gets darker and harder to see when going deeperWater it gets lighter and clearer higher up you go to open seaLakes it gets darker and harder to see when going deeperLakes it gets lighter and clearer higher up you go to open LakeLakes they have fishRivers Water in rivers move down stream realsticaly with no one way patten, The water follows the open river flows down the river and not on any single angle going into wallsRivers make water rushing soundsRiver water rushing and splashing effectsRivers Fish in the riversRivers The water current can push you down streamRivers you can use your row boat in the riverWater Falls Water falls down the water fall realsticlyWater Falls Water falls down the water fall and makes realstic water effectsWater Falls Water falls makes a realstic sound when water gushes / rushes down and hitting the rocks and walls and water belowWater Fall Row Boat falls off and down Water fallsSea the sea has all sea life swiming deep in the seaSea dolphinsSea SharksSea KrakenSea Sea BugsSea PiratesSea Ship RecksSea Hidden TreasureSea hip reck TreasuresSea IslandsSea Thunder / Lighting Dark Clouds StormsSea Werl poolSea Rough sea'sSea The Black Perl.......Sea Detailed in realstic way as I saidSea SeagullsSea Fishing to catch fishSea Scoba DiveingSea Scoba diveing makes an  realstic air breathing soundSea Waves that can push youCaves Your voice ecos in cavesCaves Your spell effects sounds ecos in cavesCaves are high rez and detailed and dark giveing off a dark souls or skyrim feel to itBig Temple while in a big Temple your voice and spell effects eco as well and most likey in any other big building or caveShip Detailed and high rezShip makes realstic creeking sounds while it drives on the sea or any sort of waterShip can put up and down the sailsShip you or anyone can drive your own // anyone ship after 1 minute after the ower used itShip it can be destoryedShip you can see damage done over time when being destoryed or hit with cannon ballsShip changes in apperince when taken amount of damge broken in spots or loss of wood and so onShip Makes realstic cannon fireing soundsShip Makes realsic cannon ball splash and sounds when hit the waterShip Makes realstic cannon ball sounds when hit and blown up on a ship or soild object or landShip 5 standed boats - ships to own by buying them and more to come latter on the game in the makingShip RamingShip harpoon wall climeingShip Spider shipShip can travel on land by Harpoon pullShip harpoon can harpoon wild animalsShip has an RPG harpoonShip as air tanks for scoba diveingTravel wooden 4 wheel Taxies thingsTravel Air bloonsDungeon The dungeons look realsic high rez dark feels like dark souls and skyrim put into onedungeon The dungeons are not standed world of warcraft kill countless mobs and boss and do same boss thing over to end of the dungeon GGdungeon fight mobs and boss's may need to find a leather or swich or get key off someone to unlock the doordungeon Cinematic'sdungeon Sounds voice and spell effects eco in caves and what notFarms you can own your own farmFarms you can grow many many thingsFarms own many many farm animals on your farmFarms farm animals have a chance to drop rare pets and mounts to ride or have as petsHomes own small medium big and bigger homesHomes buy or craft your own stuff to put into your homeHomes allows you to place your objects anywhere in your home and rotate themHomes you can upload your own phots and images and frame them up on your wall in or outside of your houeHomes allow your family to use your homeGame World most things are interativeGame World Turn street lights on // offGame World open // Close a lot of thingsGame World Plant trees and many other things anywhere in the worldGame World Trees and other planted things in the world growGame World Trees rendomly grow back anywhere in the world over timeGame Wrold you can pick up flowers or plant themGame World you can cut down trees or plant themGame World you can place down Farms and Homes and rotate them when placeingGame World NPC's that you run into get angry at you and tell you off by voice in worldGame World Voice  Acting from some quests after accepting them explaining what to do and how to do it and where to goGame World you can not walk through NPC's or players like in world of warcraft they are soild as any soild object in the worldGame World can milk cows pick up chicken eggs bucher cows and other animals for meet collect wool off sheep all interativeGame World Fall DamageGame World Day // and // NightGame World CloudsGame World StarsGame World Planets in the nigh skyGame World 3 CountrysGame World can travel to each country by sea usieng boats and ships with no loading screensGame There are 4 Races look them up yourselfGame Character Customization is extemlly detailedGame can make your own favites songs from real life and play them on a flute or guiter"
76561197981466098,Recommended,304030,11802252,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Mothman,cant play it. paid my 50 bucks but apparently this isnt enough. ♥♥♥♥ YOU!
,Recommended,304030,11545129,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Oghr,One of the key elements that keeps this game interesting is the complex class system. The synergies between the different sub-classes makes virtually any combination playable. In beta it feels much more polished than many release MMOs I have played recently.
,Recommended,304030,11607285,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,zwei,"BETA ReviewSo far i am really Finding this Game fun, and i wear able to reach lvl 50 but ill Write my experienc Downbut i haw to say the sound Track is Really Nice in all areas and Don't gett anoying afther some time ether  so thatsa big+. And the freedom to Farm trade or Just play pvp or lvl Normaly and Nejoy pve or even Become a Pirate or a Criminal wanted for Murder or Theft is up too you completly,You even get your first Mount Free beffore you hit lvl 10 that allso haw skills you can unlock and use during Play True.You will allso get a Pet later on around lvl 25-28 that can Fight whit you in battle and will unlock skills when it lvls up and follow you around =^.^=....and ther ar many Difrent ways To Travel  First your Mount  Then Macines You can Craft Later in the game and ships to Travel the see + Gliders Too Fly in the sky are some of the difrent Mounts/veicles you can Craft or Rais in the game  Then we haw the farming and Traiding I found it quite Funn Too Travel and Traid my Farms Material  ofc if your not in to that you can Simply stick att pve + pvp or do Dungeons  For Money  or become a Pirate it is all Up to your Own Will  too Decide....Pros:-pvp Gratte-No Ever lasting Grinding Nice-Pirates Really Fun Try it out..-Farming and Crafting Well Thougt out and quite fun Traveling and Trading wille farming your Trade goods i Enjoyed this the most.-Customization is like Most mmos Curently But you haw more Indept Options and The Grapic is ff Gratte-and ofc World Bosses I do Enjoy gatering a Random Raid or guild to kill Them when they apearCons:-only 4 races WOuld bin Nice if you had 2 more atlast but Never mind-Dungeons  Would bin nice if they had a few More of them..-few bugs but they fix them quite fast if you report them atleast i fellt like they did...Do i fell it is wort the 150+? yes if you like games wear you are Motivated too explore Farm and Traide and if your fine Moraly whit it you can even steal or become a Famous Pirate so do give it a Try atleast.."
76561198109061769,Recommended,304030,11575881,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jasonr,I bought the Archeum Foundrs pack and will at least give this game a shot! I tried 3 different builds and didnt get too far with any of them (my fault for not having a ton of time) but the game definitely seems to have alot of stuff to do. As with every game....everyone will have their own take on things so to each their own opinion.
76561198015673908,Recommended,304030,11568175,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Scalamoosh,"So far so good for a game that is all about mixing classic themepark mmo style with many exciting sandbox elements to deliver on a hybrid MM0 experience unlike anything to date.XL Games is doing a fantastic job at picking and implementing the most kick♥♥♥♥♥♥features from MMO's past. Did you spend countless hours grinding through UA? Step right up and build your own home. Did you farm and farm and farm in Shadowbane to create a whole city to defend? Step right up again. Did you love the amount of class customization in EQ or DAoC? Check it off the list. Did you love the feeling of tacking a gigantic world boss in WoW? Grab another dish.XL Games certainly has the framework in place to expand and build an mmo worth playing.  How they ultimately decide to implement their free-to-play business strategy will likely make or break the game. Pay-to-win is widely scorned upon in the MMO community. If they can do their best to avoid that, they may just have the next great MMO everyone has been waiting 10 year for!Give it a try. I am loving it."
76561198069412239,Recommended,304030,11554178,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Destis,i cannot find 1 thing wrong with this game if you only play one mmo in your life make it this
,Recommended,304030,11554174,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,mikehk,"Great Game! I only have 11 hours into it, and I'm only lv 17, but the game is incredible, especially for a free to play game. The crafting is complex and thought out, although I'll admit I haven't done too much of it. I like the fact that you can commit crimes against your own people, and then go through a trial process and such, adding a realistic feel to the game.trade is HUUUGE. They've put alot into the trading aspect of the game, with player driven economies, lands with specialty crops, products, etc, and supply and demand.Classes are great! there are 10 skillsets: battlerage, sorcery, archery, vitalism, occultism, shadowplay, auramancy, defense, songcraft, and witchcraft, which are used to make a class of your choice. at lv 1, you can only pick from 6 different skillsets, but at lv 5, you can pick any of the other 9, and at lv 10, you can pick any of the other 8. picking skillsets that fit together is ideal, because skills have combos, such as if a target is stunned, X skill will deal extra damage. or if target is effected by skill X, then skill Y will cause fear. the combat is great, and looking for good combos that fit your playstyle can be fun.even though the game is in beta, it already has alot to do. We can only expect amazing things in the final release."
,Recommended,304030,11556332,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Veratic,Great Game loving every aspect of it so far =D
,Not Recommended,304030,32804404,Posted: 26 June,all,ADHJR,Not bad.
,Recommended,304030,11621361,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Triplight,"Hands down the best MMO I've played in years. Tons of quests hidden all over, a ridiculous amount of class options and skills, and the PVP in this is at once thrilling and (when seeing that pirate ship of reds coming towards your skiff of trade goods) gut-wrenching. I worried I would regret paying $150 for a game in Alpha, but I can honestly say I couldn't picture a better game to spend my money, time, and soul on haha. Not to say there are not still plenty of issues (mostly graphics glitches), but for me at lease the good has far out weighed the bad. btw Steam says i've only got like 70ish hours but its been a lot more then that, but I found I have less issues getting onto the alpha servers by using Glyph directly. if you don't want to spend the big bucks do yourself a favor and at least do the cheap otion to get on the next beta, I guarantee you'll be hooked."
76561198003426102,Recommended,304030,15067889,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Asphyxiated,Great combat and crafting system.  All the other issues don't really effect the core gameplay.
,Recommended,304030,15074132,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dendigar,Archeage has a very good pay2win system that constantly improves gameplay. and if you are heavily suicidal and want die then play this game.
,Recommended,304030,11527700,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Hoobini,10/10 Feels like the first time I fapped
76561198116260507,Not Recommended,304030,11707748,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JonSnowe,ok so after playing for several hours my first impressions are well....BLeaaaahh. It is pretty generic in all aspects. Dont waste your money.
,Recommended,304030,11713040,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SimoN,I lit a candle and rode a horse 10/10.
,Recommended,304030,16359605,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kasciorian,Yeh
76561198005738695,Recommended,304030,11560096,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mechaslav,Its good and stuff.
76561198079732809,Recommended,304030,11587756,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,shabazmyers,why cant i play this ♥♥♥♥ing game have the night off and i cant do♥♥♥♥♥
76561197999174118,Recommended,304030,11604723,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,EchoNight,"Best F2P game ever,well active and alot ofplayers on whit a nice set on skills and equipment, is like u r playing a real life game were u have to get a farm,grow animals and food.Nice open word!!!!!    and is not a PAY-2-WIN Game!!!! once u play it u will see"
76561198078120845,Recommended,304030,11574829,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SCCUCCM,this is a great game but I cant get into it because it keeps on crashing before I can even get a menu or anything and no one on the forums has been any help and I played 50 bucks for the game so Im kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198060138885,Recommended,304030,11542547,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,MCFIZZLE,I love the beta so far a really good mmo.
,Recommended,304030,11551829,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Paulverizer,"Firstly I love this game so far, but I also as someone who realizes this game WILL be Free to Play in the future, I have to give anyone who is considering this game a warning. I would wait until it comes out of beta for f2p. PvE interactions aren't exactly enthralling and so far the game appears to withold any actual PvP or trading (ie Pirates) for later levels as you can't really do much at low levels. There is some satisfaction in exploring and discovering quests you can only complete by doing so, but it's only slightly worth the effort imo. I paid for the silver founder's pack and I don't feel that jipped from my money, I would however if I had paid 100 or 150 dollars to get into this beta.Tl;dr: Wait until it comes out for free."
76561198044851309,Recommended,304030,11557405,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,RazorStrike,"So good, I build a house, killed a chiken, pvp'd and own a boat, its every MMO put into one"
,Recommended,304030,11861878,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Leggerless,A Korean medieval easy mode Star Citizen/EVE Freemium MMO that will actually release being localized by the guys who made Defiance (Trion).
,Not Recommended,304030,11676392,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Wesker Frank,"Game won't even start. Contacted suppord 4 times and nothing will make it work.Complete waste of money, wait for free to play release."
,Recommended,304030,11513286,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Infern,"Closed Beta 2 Review:Ok this game is called Archeage.I got interested in this game about 1 year ago.Thought it looked like a promising MMO.The graphics look similar to a Dynasty Warriors Game.(I do enjoy the dynasty warriors franchise)Ok back to the topic at hand.I have only leveled to 17 in this game at the moment. During the Closed Beta 2.To a person who has played MMOs this game can get kind of confusing at a first glance.COMBAT:The combat is generic to most mmos having to press the number keys to activate certain abilities.You can combine 3 main skill lines together for example  as Sorcery, Occulism and Auramancy.Each combination has it's own class name like this one is the revenant skill line.Each skill tree gives you the ability to combine these skills in tandem to create formidible combinations that can make you undefeatable or practically immune from attacks.PVP:I haven't got involved with this part so i can't really say anything.Crafting:I have started the crafting system. I started to try it. It feels kind of complicated making you have to learn each individual skill from purchasing it from NPCs (at low levels this would be best to be avoided) I believe this should only be encountered either end-game or if you want to create yourself a goal in future. This also requires Labour points to even get involved. The game limits you on what you can do.Patrons get more LP (Subscription) and Non-Patrons less LP. (It's a good system to get people to keep the servers up)Housing:- Not really got into it.Farming:- Similar to farmville requiring LP though.Mounts & Pets:Mounts & Pets gain exp from the monsters you kill this eventually unlocks more skills for them.If a Mount dies in battle they will die and get a -30% speed debuff making it risk and reward.You will then need to heal them at a Stablehand to remove this debuff.Gliders:Fly from the highest cliff and glide down to enjoy the sights.At this moment in time i would recommend this game as it has potential...Only time will tell."
,Not Recommended,304030,11685178,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,GlennUno,"well, this is my review... i have no idea what to say... except, WOW! I installed the game, updated it, started the game, watched HALF of the awesome intro video before crashing to desktop.. okay, start over and skip past it, to what i assume is going to be the character creation screen... crash to desktop. No message, no explanation, just crash... okay, validate the damn files... 57 god damn files have to be reaquired... not 1 or 2, but 57. I start the process up, and now whenever i start up steam, it freezes after 77.3mb down and it kills, LITERALLY, kills steam with inactivity. So even if i use the ctrl+alt+del function to stop it entirely... it won't. It just stays  there, until i start over steam.. I can't stop/pause or otherwise get rid of this. So thanks Trion, you just completely locked me out of ALL my games on steam, not only yours. YOU SHOULD'VE GOD DAMN TESTED IT, YOU CRACKA JACK EATING MONKEYS!So i'm so glad that the only thing i can do is COMPLETLY reinstall steam and NEVER ever touch ArcheAge again."
76561197970682644,Recommended,304030,15068670,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gegoben,Best MMORPG I have ever played! Played mmo's since Ultima Online.
76561198006642638,Recommended,304030,11817104,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Commander Greyscale,"Found an afk player, pushed them onto a boat and dropped them off in the middle of nowhere. 11/10"
76561198045209294,Recommended,304030,11482622,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,GuiltySpark︻芫═──,"Bought Gold Founder Pack and the beta began 3 hours ago, I've read that all founders get beta access. I attempt to log in and it says I have no entitlements."
,Not Recommended,304030,11744891,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,KvaeNoiden,"No invert y-axis mouse option, game is broken, 0/10Lazy developers not understanding that 15% of western gamers use inverted.Its like forcing a right handed person do everything with his left hand..."
76561198008605437,Recommended,304030,15064665,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Coumfy,"Great sandbox game, with a lot of options for any type of player. Whether you want to farm all day and control the markets, or lead armies and guilds in raids of foreign continents and lands on ships and tanks. There is no one path, but many, and you can tailor the game to your playstyle and have endless fun."
,Recommended,304030,11488768,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Lemon's,"Dosent even work (beta dosent start and they give no information at all) might aswell wait till it comes out, save you're money!!!!!!!been live for nearly 24hrs not one player on... more of a scam then anything, so wait till it comes out free then see if its even good."
,Not Recommended,304030,11619922,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Delfofthebla,"I have never played a bigger ""Theme Park"" MMO in my life. It's...awful. They should call this game ""RoadQuester"" Because all you do is walk along a road, going from quest to quest to quest to quest to quest.There are these things that sit next to all the roads that you can activate. Activating them gives you a speed boost so you can run along the road faster. Once you get to the end of the road, there is a quest waiting for you. You will quest next to this road until it points you to a different road to run down. This repeats itself until your eyes have bled out of their sockets.The quests are boring. Overachieving quests is boring. There's random Free to Pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thrown in all over the place, and the game encourages you to afk for hours so that you can earn enough of these magical ""labor points"" do miniscule tasks like identify items and craft stuff.The PvP actually appears to be interesting, but I have not been able to drudge through the game long enough to actually get to experience any of it. And at the end of the day, is it even worth it? To treck through the sea of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quests and uninteresting gameplay so that you can MAYBE have fun on the PvP? Ugh. Just don't (buy) this (Free to Play) game, it's not worth it."
76561198007323037,Not Recommended,304030,11668011,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,calamanci,This is a really bad game which does really well at fooling people that it is not a bad game. The silver founders deal (which I got)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me the hell off . I thought we could play it indefinitely during this time. Like many people I only get access to it sporadically which is a waste of time and disk space. The game has some fun elements but really its a boring grind with nothing new. I am certain now that anything with P2P is a no go for me.
,Recommended,304030,11689512,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,"This game is totally worth the alpha archeum pack... I have never played an MMO that has felt so alive...*EDIT*Fugg the goon squad, yo."
,Recommended,304030,11514240,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TonyThyTiger,'s good
,Recommended,304030,11439759,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,HAT,You can smell cow feces.10/10
,Not Recommended,304030,11566207,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nomen,"-------------------------------Posted: 5 Aug @ 10:12pmSo far game is crashing on me all the time.I was only able to run it once. None of the fixes sugested by developers are working.And I'm not the only one who have issues with that game !!!I've waisted my money !-------------------------------Updated: 9 Aug @ 7:45pmIt's even worse now ! I've thought I will start game again and I will try to resolvve issue with crashing game. But the game doesn't even start now. Glyph client claims that I don't have rights to run beta.I've quickly checked my Glyph and STEAM account and there is no signed that I've paid £36.99 GBP for   Silver Founder Pack.I've written to STEAM and GLYPH support. I will ask hope they can resolve it, otherwise I want my moeny back !This is a good lesson for me. I will never ever purchase unfinished game !"
76561198024706811,Not Recommended,304030,11570233,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Eponymandas [TOG],Dont know if I can recomend this game - I cant even start it up ... no tech support but the community is great trying to help
,Recommended,304030,30182231,Posted: 25 February,all,Christian,i haven't played this game but from the vidsits seems good
76561198001399645,Not Recommended,304030,11605570,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tom Cruise,"Not in actual beta is some loophole between alpha and beta where they just run the server under ""alpha"" so you are forced to pay 150 if you want to play now. overall as is i woudln't recommend this game just wait till its F2P and released."
76561198031348762,Not Recommended,304030,11614759,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Rumbalaka,DONT BUY THIS GAME!!! if you buy it you cannot login and you need to wait for 72 hours or more for them to read your support case and fix your key if they can at all total ripoff wait for a long download and then youre unable to play DO NOT BUY
76561198031447475,Not Recommended,304030,11553274,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Baraki,"This has no business being on Steam's featured list when the beta ended eight hours ago.  I come home from work, I see an interesting-looking game, I watch a few videos of gameplay, and decide I'm interested.  I didn't look closely enough, though, to see that the only way into alpha here is the $150 option.Steam, please, get this game off the featured list.  I get it - I should've looked closer at the conditions, but *I shouldn't have to.*"
,Recommended,304030,11419957,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lawie,"This game looks like the typical MMORPG, with nothing really new to offer. However, I haven't played this game so much yet, so I'm still figuring out what the deal about this game is. Looking at the features (not yet tested), it does seem to offer more than the average mmorpg. E.g. You can own land, build your own home. You can Create or purchase your own ship and control it. (even sea battles)... Loads of background story-lines, and ingame ""drawn cinematics"". The engine is based on CryEngine 3, so it's pretty good engine (loadings/graphics) to show mmorpg's can be beautiful. Anyway, this review is only based on a short playthrough. I Might update this review later on... But so far, this game seems pretty worth it. Can't wait to play some more."
76561198013626502,Not Recommended,304030,11483965,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,emeriqatsi,"i am a founder, i purchased through steam. Froze first time on character creation. Have not been able to connect countless # of times now. I had my one chance in and now im ♥♥♥♥ed. Damn asian mmo piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥games."
,Recommended,304030,18187166,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tantura,"This game is pretty amazing, its really open world, when your able to you can create trade packs and overcome great distances for awesome profit, go to sea with yer salty seadogs and battle it out with pirates. this game is just awesome on a good many levels."
,Recommended,304030,15131912,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tates,"Spent a lot of time in this game - I do not play it now as it requires a lot of dedication, time to spend in-game, and is very cash-oriented."
76561198013011498,Recommended,304030,11643714,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dank Philipee,You can smuggle goslings. 11/10
,Not Recommended,304030,15068790,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Capnjeego,games dead as hell community is just care bears and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥used to be amazing but to many ♥♥♥♥ ups by the publishers
,Not Recommended,304030,11778424,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[NW☆DD],"Too many paid benefits, limitations and microtransactions.You can check my old review below, I wrote It way before the game release.***Disclaimer Notice: I still haven't tried treasure hunting, bounty hunting, fishing, becoming part of the pirate faction, end-game dungeons, territorial control, arenas and some things I might not even know they exist. I will update when I find something I think It's worth to mention.Class· Pick a fixed amount of skills from three skillsets among 10 (unlocked very early: lv1,5,10).· Favours Specialization - (Not) All combinations work in certain situations.· Most skillsets work well by themselves and combo with 2-3 other skillsets.· Actives require the skillset to be at a certain level.· Passives require that you know a number of skills from the skillset.- Not all combinations work well enough at the same level.- Shadowplay is too useful.Combat+ Rewarding combo system easy to understand, but hard to master.+ Party/raid combos can be even more rewarding.+ Combat and animations feels very actionish/fluid, but still tactical rpg.~ First hit tags mob, so only his party/raid gets EXP and drop.- Dropped items usually bind on equip.- Roll/Pass system as abusable as ever (I'd prefer Need/Greed where Need binds on pick up and Greed not).- Combat doesn't feel as dynamic as GW2, Tera, Dragon Nest or ESO.Crafting+ Crafting requires dedication, feels really rewarding.+ Crafted items are very worth it.~ Most crafted equipment requires previous tier crafted equipment, so you improve it.- Hasla weapons are so much better than everything else most people can afford, so there is way too much grinding for them in a very small area.Avatar Customization- No body customization.- Can't change most clothes appearance.+ Good face customization.+ A bunch of free, awesome, cosmetic appearances.World Bosses / Raids-  Most of them have no lore.-  Have only looted generic drop from the ~200 bosses (1 to 5 stars out of 6) I killed.+ A friend have got a really badass cloak, also saw one (world-drop) mount.Quests- Most quests are kill/fetch quests.+ Can skip most quests without being penalized.· The quest tracking system works in a 2D fashion (the objective might be above or below you).· Interesting main story.· Some really amusing quests.Instances· Thanks to mentee system high-level characters are encouraged to help newbies.- Dungeons feel bland.- Endgame dungeons aren't that hard or impressive.~ Very few instanced areas.Leveling:· Questing is the fastest way to level up.· Crafting gives a lot of exp (daily amount limited by labor points).· Not difficult to level up.Mounts· Starting mount at level 5 is not significantly inferior to end-game mounts.· Can get most mounts under 15 silver.· Cash shop mounts are worse than 11 in-game mounts(not counting color variations, speed/skill-wise)· Cash shop mounts are better than 4 in-game mounts(not counting color variations, speed/skill-wise)Gliders· First glider at level 11: ""experimental glider"" same than silver pack glider.· At level 20 you can upgrade ""experimental glider"" to ""ultimate glider"" for less than 2 gold.· Ultimate glider is as good as cash-glider except it doesn't have the ""somersault"" skill.· There are much better crafteable end-game gliders.Crime system:when a wanted player is pvp-killed he can ask for a trial.+ Trials: jury can see reported crimes with comments, ask and vote: innocent or guilty (amount of prison time).- Prison: you can play football or escape very easily.+ Prison debuff: you can't do anything for the time you were condemned, even if you escape (including summoning a mount or using your glider).Housing+ Non-instanced Housing/Farming.+ Tons of decoration options for House :)+ The more houses/farms you hold, the more you'll pay in taxes.+ Guilds can clash for control of north continent.Details+ Player-collisions.+ You can turn on/off most lamps and sit everywhere.+ Ships, mounts, cars, tractors... Are physics based, so you can just jump on them.~ Most NPCs voices are in korean (text is fully in English).- Chat scrolling is so F**** bad.- No addons API yet.- Female armors.Commerce- Most trading routes are not-worth it (there is a few optimal trading routes).+ It's actually easier to make profit from players than from the environment.~ Trade ships/tractors are currently very difficult to get and generate lots of profit.Labor· Needed to open coinpurses(1LP).· Needed to identify items(5LP per item).· Needed to craft(3-5 LP to refine materials, 25-250 LP to craft useful things).· Needed to plant and harvest(1-10 LP depending on the time it takes to grow).· Needed to build ships/houses/farms in the world.· Needed to pay taxes of your buildings/farms.· Every 5 minutes Players gain 5LP while online, 0 while offline.· Patrons gain 5 additional LP when either online or offline.F2P Limitations· Less labor (limits out-of-combat experience).· Can't build or keep a house or a farm.· Can't sell at auction house (you can still use trade chat or trust someone).·Lifting the AH restriction is pretty easy as it costs ~1€.·You can buy apex with ingame gold.Engine· Beautiful even on low-end computer.· Can run on max settings in my 5yr old computer.- Has problems with some outdated drivers/graphics cards.Servers- There are tons of gold-sellers and bots in alpha, trion has stated that they have many tools to combat them but won't use them until release. (There are still on release)- (OUTDATED) Alpha servers are in NA, there is a huge delay from EU that is specially annoying when using gliders, jumping (yata mount) or riding a ship.- (OUTDATED) Queues.- (OUTDATED) Glyph (the patcher) seems to become worse with each update.Sound+ Background sounds feels really immersive.+ Background music is awesome.- There aren't that many tracks or sfx, so you might find it repetitive.PvP- Update (31/08)~ Because everyone gets to pick 23 skills out of 54 skills from the chosen(3) skillsets out of 10that allow you to specialize your character in whatever activity/role you want to do most classesoutclassed by a few classes at each kind of PvP scenario.Out of over 400 lv50 players (alpha 1.2 server)· 60.5% of players use ""Shadowplay""· 37.8% of players use ""Auramancy""· Other skillsets are used by less than 30% of the players, starting with: Archery, Sorcery and Battlerage (the main attacking skillsets) and ending with Songcraft"
76561198024327278,Not Recommended,304030,20193006,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Citizen Alpha,"Extremely grindy.  Fun moments are few and far between.  If you like killing 5000 rats, this is a game for you."
,Not Recommended,304030,11772284,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,maylay master3000v2,absolute trion trash now gg
,Not Recommended,304030,11605276,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Killin_Kilo,"Metacritic 80/100...yeah okay. maybe 30/100 held up solely on two things. Graphics, and Trions ability to make money... They did it. They won. They got our money and they are laughing at us. No need for a long drawn out review as its not worth adding any more time to my almost 500 hours I have given this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥company.♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Move on to another."
,Not Recommended,304030,16033330,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,J1r2000,free to play good story just constution is pay with is the playing point i ant see why people hate this game before it was reliste it was amzing every bode loved it then thay closed off some fechers and now people hate it
,Not Recommended,304030,15088350,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,RomDomWom,Gnah
,Not Recommended,304030,22699575,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,IAndroonatorZ,i bought the founders package made it to level cap and becuase i didnt pay for workers comp or whatever it was called i fell way behind and couldnt compete. very bad p2w system and the game just got completley boring. the crafting system is amazing i will say. and i do like the labor system. just wish they wouldnt sell labor for real money.
76561198068351695,Recommended,304030,30867500,Posted: 31 March,all,PALM3R,"RNG, if you're not sure about installing, just flip a coin."
76561198058436524,Not Recommended,304030,28413606,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Space Chocobo,Thought i'd come back to try 3.0 after the garbage that killed the game for me before. It would seem however that 3.0 is just as bad if not worse than original launch with queue times and dissconnects. Long story short: queue simulator 3.0.
,Not Recommended,304030,28396285,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,YuGiBoi,"♥♥♥♥ ARCHEAGE. I've been trying to get into the ♥♥♥♥ing servers for this game since the release of 3.0 last ♥♥♥♥ing friday. Its thursday night and i've literally played once for like maybe 2 hours before getting disconnected again. Trion is an inexperienced producer of a game that going to be dead because they cant get their ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I am sick and tired of wasiting time in a queue for 2 hours then getting a DC when im 60 in line to play. Then I get back online and im ♥♥♥♥ing over 1000 in line. I ♥♥♥♥ing pay $15 a month for this game and I cant even get in to enjoy it. I wish XL Games would take their game and give it to a comapy that actually knows what the ♥♥♥♥ they are doing. Dont play this game and DONT give Trion any of your money, you'll regret it."
,Not Recommended,304030,28456767,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Xmoono,"Sad thing this failed as much as it did. Enjoyed it so much in the alpha and beta, but Trion Worlds had to ruin it."
,Recommended,304030,27236979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShmemSolid,"Played for a long time at launch, really enjoyed the game. But the P2W became too much to handle. Returned just recently (Nov) and found the game was still enjoyable. If you are looking for something to play, don't hesitate to pick this game up!"
,Not Recommended,304030,27165325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xact,"P2W,but still the best MMORPG i played"
76561198133774923,Not Recommended,304030,30181275,Posted: 25 February,all,LadyApplejacks,Can't review the actual game play as I've tried to start it three times and it crashes a few seconds in to the intro cut scene every time.
76561198170483130,Recommended,304030,30170479,Posted: 25 February,all,ExclusiveXP,it is unique and fun. 9/10
,Not Recommended,304030,30089297,Posted: 21 February,all,Systematic Chaos,"great game. terrible bussiness model, stay away from trion, super pay to win"
76561197984917838,Not Recommended,304030,30110247,Posted: 22 February,all,Garland Adolis,"Horrid pay to win features and fierce competition over limited land area if you want a house, farm, or anything worthwhile in general. I loved this game for a long time until I realized I was spending $70 a month on average to maintain my properties alone. As much as it pains me to say it, I can't recommend Archeage at all."
76561198007244034,Not Recommended,304030,30113394,Posted: 22 February,all,Adders,Was worst game launch I've experienced in 35 years of PC gaming.
76561197984730435,Not Recommended,304030,30119318,Posted: 23 February,all,Gengu,As much fun as the game is for all the great content the p2w side is simply too strong... :(
,Recommended,304030,30069509,Posted: 20 February,all,Sir Noot,oy vey... this game... this game.... I made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fur creature.
,Not Recommended,304030,30107143,Posted: 22 February,all,AKuma,"I really tried to give it a chance, bought the $150 founder's pack prior to launch, was ruined by hackers exploiting the market so all my friends quit leading me to quit as well, came back to fresh start servers, once again ruined by bugs that allowed people to get ahead without effort. The game itself is extremely pay to win and grindy which I didn't mind but the hackers / glitches completely destroyed my friends and my experience once again and for these reasons I can not in good faith recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,304030,30120666,Posted: 23 February,all,islamadpiggy21,not gonna be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about it because acatualy enjoyed it but first half an hour was spent watching a herambe floating around the screen probly ment to be loading so ill put that as loading soo mutch in game lag but i still enjoyed the game play ^_^
76561198048510348,Recommended,304030,29576713,Posted: 29 January,all,Snow,"After updating my computer and internet settings I could run this game!Love playing it.Very easy-to-follow storyline, endless quests, and an open world to explore forever.Combat is easy and enjoyable.Sailing is a little glitchy, but still fun!"
76561198098580745,Not Recommended,304030,30134056,Posted: 23 February,all,⎛⎝[ 猫 ]Danielskyj⎠⎞,Their tumbnail is a lie!
76561198045518414,Recommended,304030,29614016,Posted: 31 January,all,WyntheRogue,"Thanks to someone I met the other day I was able to finally get Archage to run on my laptop [I recently moved so Trying to get net right now so I play on my laptop at coffee shops after work] and I have to say it really isn't a bad game. I had made a previous review about it being unplayable and would not reccomend out of frustration only to resolve the problem a couple days later [I got lazy and forgot to edit my review,it is what it is]I do have a few nitpicks about Archeage so far but I have some positives as well now that I've had a few days of gameplay. The positives are the visuals even on low settings are quite appealing and the world feels pretty big. Currently level 28 on one of my characters so leveling doesn't feel muchlike a grind fo far especially if you choose to startout as a battlerage since they have pretty decent survivability. One of the other positives so far,is that each race has its own story you're following whether you're an elf trying to solve a murder and potential conspiracy or a dwarf trying to get your memory back and learn more about a mysterious inventor who may be a key to its recovery. My opinion on the crafting remains to be seen as I haven't chosen a vocation just yet.The negatives [which are mostly small potatoes] I've come across so far is that if you choose a ranged class like archery, your survivability may be a tad on the low side which makes it come off as unfriendly to those who decide to solo for a while until bumping into potential players to befriend and socialize in which,I haven't quite bumped into yet [maybe it's the server I picked which was one of the fresh starts to play with a friend] Another small complaint I have is having a restriction of being able to play on only one type of server or only 2 character slots unless I become a patron or buy credits for an extra slot. [I like trying out various races and classes in MMOs to find one I enjoy best] My final nitpick is it can be quite frustrating to so some quests as you go since mobs tend to respond faster than you can recover which can come off pretty overwhelming. Don't get me wrong,slow respawns are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥as well but if they respawn too quickly,it does make quest completion rather difficult at times.I haven't run across anything yet that may be considered ""Pay 2 Win"" in terms of the game but perhaps I shall run into it as I get higher in level so in the meantime,I'm giving that bit of info I was told the benefit of the doubt.On a score between one and ten so far in my first impressions, I'd have to say a 7.5,it's pretty solid,the gameplay is good,the graphics are good and are friendly even if you play on a toaster BUT wish it was a bit more social outside of dank memes and juvenile crap posting in the faction chats that way it would be easy to find a newbie friendly guild. So in other words,I retract my old,unplayable statement and find this game to be in the ""Okay"" spectrum. Just don't break every time you have an update Glyph,and we'll be good. >_>"
,Recommended,304030,34429480,Posted: 22 August,all,Maddaman,"Definitely pay to win, I spent no money on this game other than the initial purchase, but I still had loads of fun playing this game since release. Over 1,000 hours so I definitely got my moneys worth. I would still recommend it."
