user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025301599,Recommended,304240,14078460,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"The port runs perfectly fine at 1080p 60+ Fps. the character models looks great but the background seems blurry and shows its age. of course the game is still awesome and it is the exact one as the 2002 Gamecube version.+ 1080p @60Fps (you can choose between original or widescreen)+ the new modern control works perfectly.+ it is the same game you loved from before.+ the jump scares are still effective and it feels great.+/- Bad voice acting (same as the original).- Blurry background textures.bought it for the nostalgia and it delivered that in spades, and also reminded me that i'm officially old now :("
76561197994237399,Recommended,304240,14102758,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,HYPE! Ironclaw,Gladly spending money on remakes because 15 year old games are better than new games nowadays.10/10 Amazing remaster.
,Recommended,304240,18294024,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SnakekillerX,"*Play at Night**Controller Recommended*I've always loved the older Resident Evil games, however the last one I actually remember much about was Resident Evil 3 as I owned that one growing up, and only played the previous games at a friend's house.This Remaster/Remake is just was I was hoping for.  The newer Titles RES 5 and RES 6 focus way too much on action, and you often end up with a small asenal at your disposal with a ridiculous amount of ammo.This is not the case with this Remaster/Remake.  Ammo is limited, Inventory space is limited, and even your vision is limited depending on where the camera is situated. (this is a good thing)It makes you use caution when moving somewhere, often you may want to rely on your senses... can you hear a zombie groaning in the other room? or was it just your imagination?I started out playing this game on hard mode, just to see what it was like.  I died from the 2nd or 3rd zombie I encountered.  It was a brutal experience, the zombies were tough as nails eating most of  clip from my hand gun before finally dying.I was stuck relying on my knife almost immediately due to not having enough ammo to take care of the zombies, and since I needed to get around the zombies to proceed, there was little choice.  Due to being in close melee range, it also meant they could grab and eat me.. which is what usually ended up happening.Hard mode was INTENSE..  It was terrifyingly amazing how useless and weak I felt.  This made me actually FEAR the zombies.  Everytime I entered a new room I was a tense situation not knowing if there would be a zombie to greet me as soon as I stepped though the door..After a couple of deaths I decided to switch to Easy Mode and progressed through the game much better.While it was Easy Mode, I still thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  It wasn't a walk in the park, the game was still challenging but the player can take more hits before dying, and there are more healing herbs and ammo scattered around the mansion.  This was greatly benifital to me as I had no idea where I was going, or what I was to expect up ahead and it allowed some room for error.There were still times where I died, but often it was due to being ill prepared.  There are multiple traps in this game, and while they look like they would probably be insta-death I managed to avoid all of them by being cautious or just seeing ahead.I finished the game after about 20 or so hours.. This was actually a pretty long play through and could have been done much shorter.  This was widely because of not knowing where I was going.  Not to say that you are wandering around aimlessly.. (although you kind of are in a sense)  There is a map, and its the key to progressing.  Some areas of the mansion are unaccessable until you find a certain objects.. like keys, or items used for puzzles that open way for new areas.There is a lot of back tracking involved and the game doesn't direct you at all by giving you a marker to move towards or a mission objective to complete.  Its all up to you, and it feels great!After finishing the game and making sure I had 100% of the map and item progression I decided to check online to see if there was anything else I could unlock or do in the game.  In fact there was.. but I had to play on Hard Mode.I was still a bit in fear of the experience I had with Hard Mode the first time around, but I decided to come back and try it again a couple of weeks later.Having learned a lot from playing and finishing the game on Easy Mode, I figured I had a better chance at survival than when I first attemped Hard Mode.While the zombies were MUCH harder to kill, you take brutal amounts of damage, and ammo was scarce.  I did indeed have a better grip on the game..  I was ready.Unlocking the Samurai Edge Pistol. (beat the game in under 5 hours)Unlocking the Anti-Tank Rocket Launcher. (beat the game in under 3 hours)Given how it took me over 20 hours to beat the game on Easy Mode, I clearly had some work to do if I was going to even get close.The first thing I did was find out if there were any safe places where the game clock did not tick.. like in a menu, or pausing.. during cut scenes.. etc.  There was not.The moment you load the game, there is no pausing the timer.. PERIOD.  This means you really have to be careful when you save the game.  Thinking a head is critical, you have to know where you are going and where all the monsters are.I decided I would do some trial and error with some runs.. I'd take a path, get the items I found to be valuable in order to progress the quickest without having to back track too much.The game needs to be done in segments, figure out a path that leads you to get some importent items and then gets you back to your safe house to save/deposit items to clear up your intentory.  Planning was integral to success, as I didn't want to go through the game and fail just short of the required time to get my unlocks.My brother and I decided to digitally draw the mansion using mspaint by tracing an online map of the mansion.  I was then able to mark rooms that were locked with a certain key, or needed something special to progress.  Making a path to follow was also easier as you could now visualize the whole processes before going through with it.Through a lot of trail and error, I completed the game in about 2 hours and 30 minutes.  This was a great success for me, and I unlocked both weapons in one run.  While I finished the game with an in game clock of under 3 hours, in reality it probably took me longer to complete than the first play through since I often was not happy with my segment times and would redo them.This process turned me into a zombie dodging ninja, as often the fastest way through a room wasn't to clear it by gunning zombies down.. it was to simply step around them somehow.  Completing this time trial challange has essentially turned Hard Mode turned into Easy Mode.. and it was a lot of fun.The games over now right?  Wrong.There are 2 characters you can choose to play as.ChrisHigher max HPHigher damage output using a KnifeStarts with the Lighter itemJillLarger inventory capacityStarts with a lock pickThey have different story progressions and you explore the masion taking different paths.If you finish the game with both Chris and Jill on at least Normal Mode, the next time you play, the game will throw a new zombie into the mix.. This zombie has a bomb straped to it's chest and killing it will result in an explosion that will always kill you.Not enough?Invisible Enemy Mode - Yeah.. its what it says, the enemies are invisible.  I haven't even attempted this yet as I am certain how it will turn out...  but one day..There are also different costumes you can unlock per character.Lastly.. there are also Steam Achivements to strive for.. likeBeat the game without saving.Beat the game using only a knife. (no other weapons, not even counter/defensive ones)Amazing game, worth every penny.  I hope RES 7 will take a note from how well this game has sold and try to stay more true to it's roots.Can't wait for RES 2 Remake/Remaster.. will buy day one. (this one is actually being worked on!)Can't wait for RES 3 Remake/Remaster.. will buy day one. (I can hope they eventually make this)"
,Recommended,304240,14079006,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Blitzy,"Maybe me throwing my money at the screen will convince Capcom to make the Resident Evil 2 Remake  :3Anyways, it's still the best RE game imo. Still holds up very well even after all these years. Play it if you want a challenge, or if you want to understand why all the old fans want to see this style return.9/10"
,Recommended,304240,14131132,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,://Ultrawired [+],"Old school horror has never looked better. This is the perfectly polished and atmospheric remake of the classic from 1996. The fact that this was originally developed in 2002 is kinda shocking, taking into consideration it looks better than some ""modern"" games from nowadays - not only for all the enhancements that Capcom incorporated to re-release this in 2015 but also on how beautiful this game always has been.//pros- 1080p-enhanced visuals with remastered textures, backgrounds and 5.1 sound.- This game is absolutely unforgiving, something which was very well established back then and nowadays we're definitely missing: ammunition is priceless, there's a limited amount to scavenge which forces you to utilize each and every shot wisely. A small inventory, which has you juggling items from your inventory to your warehouse constantly. Deadly zombies, which rely mostly on level of threat and design rather than numbers/hordes, and the return of the classic Ink Ribbons to save the game - all this makes you think twice before you cross each door for the first time.[If this is something you find annoying, Capcom introduced the new ""Very Easy"" mode as well]- The return of the iconic protagonists Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield available in different costumes; these include the classic S.T.A.R.S. uniform (1996/2002) and the B.S.A.A. uniform (2009+) which gives a higher modern touch for newcomers to this ol' entry.- The overall design of the game is magnificent, combined with the fixed-camera angles which makes it a lot more artistic and cinematic.- What mostly differs this game from the modern RE entries is the requirement ofpatience: there is no one-way route and no in-game alerts/messages to help you out. You need to figure out where to go next (relying on the map is highly necessary) and where to place the keys/items you find. It's easy to get lost on first playthrough.//cons- No 4K support.- Few areas in the game were left with low quality backgrounds.- Widescreen mode is incorporated, looks better on nowadays screens of course, but it crops the top and bottom while stretching the original image - Capcom could've avoided this.- Mouse cursor is visible in-game.- The same funny (not in a good way) voice acting as the original.//overallThis game brings back the creepy enviornments, tense exploration, traps and clever puzzles in an excellent port, a demonstration that there's no need for an exagerated convultioned story to make a good game, as long as it'swell doneand eye-catching. Finishing this game led me to daydream that Capcom will someday release a remake of more games directed/produced by mastermind Shinji Mikami, such as Resident Evil 2 + 3: Nemesis and Dino Crisis.9/10"
,Recommended,304240,14456949,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,«DeepCoverAka187»,"I used to play for hours Resident Evil from 1996 on PS1 and then the gamecube remake in 2002, and I still have the same sensation when i am playing Resident Evil HD !This game is, even if some minor bug, almost perfect.10/10.Now let's pray for Resident Evil 2 and 3 HD !"
,Recommended,304240,14100575,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,raZe,"Any more in-depth introduction would defeat its purpose since most of you probably spent your time with the original the same way I did: in a darkened room, nose glued to the screen, on the brink of wetting yourself. That was almost 20 years ago and the series changed quite a bit since then - depending on who you ask, not necessarily for the better. Resident Evil left behind its survival horror roots a long time ago in favor of a more dynamic, action-oriented approach. Ever since you had fans yearning for survival horror to make a return while others embraced the new ways, stating that tank controls and fixed camera angles simply wouldn't hold up anymore. But do they hold up? Short answer: Yup, sure do.It's funny to see developers jumping through hoops to make their game feel ""cinematic"" when Resident Evil achieved that feat almost 20 years ago without sacrificing the actual game: Fixed camera angles offer the perfect balance between tension and field of view while the pre-rendered backgrounds provide the eye candy as you creep through the mansion and perforate the undead. And due to the control scheme, forward always remains forward when you move out of the picture. The scarce resources along with your limited inventory keep you on your toes and make sure each encounter stays tense. Resident Evil is a slow-paced game that is supposed to be played with foresight and the controls only emphasize that. All of this can be applied to the REmaster.As a result, the REmaster also inherits many of the original's problems: Some camera angles don't offer as much visibility as they should and at times you find yourself awkwardly jerking around between pictures. And due to the drastically limited inventory the backtracking is strong in this one. You end up visiting the same locations at least twice since you often enter a new area only to realize that the item you need to solve the next puzzle is resting in your locker at the other end of the mansion. You only get six item slots (or eight respectively) where a piece of paper takes up as much space as a mother♥♥♥♥ing shotgun. A more elegant item management system could have prevented many unnecessary trips to Mount Doom and back.Essentially, REmaster is a tarted up version of REmake for Nintendo's Gamecube. If you're like me and never owned one, the REmaster will make the game feel fresh all over again. But if you already own it for Gamecube, the effect will probably not be as strong. Especially considering that the quality of the remade backgrounds is all over the place. There are times when REmaster will flex its muscles and show off its amazing new lighting, but there are other times when you drag your character through low-res, grainy areas that look like they have been chased through a lanczos filter in Photoshop.In a way, playing REmaster is like spending time with an old friend you haven't seen in ages. It's been so long that you're not sure whether or not he's still cool or if he ever was cool in the first place. When you finally meet again for a drink, you can tell that he tries to give the impression that nothing has changed, yet you can't help but notice some wrinkles along with the receding hairline. Still, you spend some quality time together and you can confirm that he is cool, even now.Some people would question whether or not it's worth paying for an HD remake that isn't that HD to begin with. Everyone else is already playing it. Like they should.And ♥♥♥♥ spiders."
76561198035494178,Recommended,304240,32389024,Posted: 13 June,all,zodthebear,"This game is true horror.It completely nails the horror genre in every possible way.  The gameplay will have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.  The controls will take some getting used to if you are not used to this type of game, but you will catch on very quickly.The music is perfect, every foreboding tune perfectly compliments the eminent danger that lurks around every corner.You will die a lot in this game, but not because the game isn't fair, more because you will learn what to do and what not to do in order to survive.  This is actually one of the strong suits in the game because you will be terrified of every room that you enter, as every enemy encounter can be a live or die situation.  In addition, when you die, you will not respawn in the same room, but rather at the last time you saved the game, which makes you fear death that much more.I can't recommend this game enough to any serious horror fan.  It's been a long time since a game truly had me scared throughout the entire experience."
,Recommended,304240,14672044,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Elitesune,"10/10 would drop another $40 for RE2 HD remaster and RE3 HD remaster c; Great stuff Capcom! THIS is what everyone wants, not this new actiony stuff :/"
76561198062312653,Recommended,304240,14139485,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Are Your Mincers Closed?,"I've pumped quite a few hours into this game and all I can say is wow. Just as I expected. The HD textures are beautiful on this ever eerie series. The jump scares waiting around every other corner really gets you on the edge of your seat, well done CapCom.The game seems well received here and we can only hope for Resident Evil 2 & 3 HD remakes. Finger's crossed."
,Recommended,304240,14079408,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Campion not responding,"Update: I beat the game and this review is still correct. There are no issues.I made it up to the gaurdhouse as Jill and I think I can say with confidence that this is a quality port. It's a constant 60 at 1080p (You can set the fps to unlimited with higher resolution, of course) with little to no bugs whatsoever. The only things you have to worry about is a very rare occasion of music being sped up (Update: It would seem some tracks were sped up on purpose, which I don't agree with), mouse showing up during gameplay for some reason and crappy console main menu that doesn't let you use scroll wheel. Outside of these minor naggles, it should be a flawless experience.As far as the game itself goes, a lot of the backgrounds look fantastic (Especially outside environments) while others look like a muddy mess, notably the Richard hallway, piano room and the shark aqua ring being the absolute worst. 60fps does this game wonders, and honestly it's instantly preferable over the gamecube and console versions. The ""Jiggly boobs"" aren't as noticable as people had pointed out in past videos and in reality your eyeballs will probably be elsewhere when you're playing. Playing this game with a headset, the audio is night and day compared to Gamecube thanks to uncompressed sound, and same thing applies to visuals with a higher resolution as you'll notice things you couldn't before on a blurry TV. It appears that the game supports leaderboards but speedrunners of previous japenese last gen releases have confirmed that results are unfiltered regardless of difficulty or unlockables, meaning that guy who beats the game on very easy with a rocketlauncher will always be at the top of the leaderboard for ""normal"" game modes and invisible enemy. Real survival will probably be the main stay for little bit, at least until hackers mess that up like they always do with online leaderboards.Also...You can't skip doorsyet.If Capcom doesn't patch this, then the modding community will.Now, for the gameplay, I know that you know that you already have your mind made up on if you like it or not. If you do, buy this. If you had played previous RE's and disliked them, but haven't played REmake, then Istronglyrecommend this one, as it's the most refined of the bunch. It's also about 70% different (they weren't lying) than what you had played before in RE1, along with the addition of crimson heads who are zombies you have killed resurrecting with steroids. If you don't like RE at all, then I recommend Alien Isolation or Penumbra or something if you want to scratch your survival horror itch.But yeah, Capcom didn't ♥♥♥♥ this one and that's all that should matter to you."
76561198015691832,Recommended,304240,28083359,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Guan Yu,"Classic game remastered and brought to PC, excellent port with no issues I have found. Immerse yourself in the original survival horror game running around for hours trying to find a key for the door you need to open, then forgetting where the door was in the first place. Nice graphics even for its age, 100% achievements is very time consuming due to the fact you have to complete the game with just a knife, and you have to stab a giant snake around one million times and dying can be very demoralising. But none the less a great story, decent puzzles and hours of fun and stress."
76561198036171935,Recommended,304240,14108180,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Roley,"A classic Resident Evil remade for Gamecube and remastered for PC, just as awesome now as it was back in the early 00's and 90's.Resident Evil HD has all the jumps and scares with a few extra surprises for those who have only played the original and anyone returning from the Gamcube version will get more or less the same epic game but with improved visuals and effects. A true ""Suvival Horror"" with Puzzles, a Resident Evil game where ammo and saves are limited and running is sometimes better than fighting, unlike the action games the series has become.The enviroments are stunningly detailed thanks to the still camera veiws, you're essentially running around a gorgeous portrait. New lighting effects have been added and when combined with the new HD textures of the characters and enemies the game really shines.Music is perfectly implemented (Saveroom relief) and the sounds of thunder in addition to the groans and moans of the dead (amongst other things) are as jumpy and disturbing as ever.There is so much I want to mention here, the numerous monsters, weapons and scares but I really don't want to spoil any of the surprises but what I will say is expect the unexpected ..... anyone remember the hounds?Also the map is incredibly handy, any rooms that still have items in it will be highlighted in red and cleared rooms are blue so this should save you a lot of trouble should you find yourself stuck and wondering where to investigate next.A choice of new or old style controls (I still prefer the tank method) with 60, varible or 30 FPS locks and runs maxed out easily on my laptop ( I7 4710MQ, GTX 860M, 8 RAM ) so I know my gaming rig will have no troubles what so ever.Hopefully Resident Evil 0 receives the same treatment (rumoured) and a remake/port of Resident Evil 2 and 3 would be great so heres hoping.If you've already played the Gamecube version then this Resident Evil is a 9/10 however ... if you're only played the PSX version or never even played Resident Evil ..... 10/10.If you're after a genuine survival horror that involves more horror and thought rather than trigger action then this is game for you, easily the best Resident Evil within the series.Pros• ""True"" survival horror.• Beautiful enviroments.• Tense, atmosphereic.. perfectCons• Too hard for some?Finally a top tip for everyone .... should you meet the wailing women in chains ..... run .... NO REALLY .... RUN!!!"
76561198074224450,Recommended,304240,24506836,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,GRABLICH,"I WANT DINO CRISIS 2 AND RESIDENT EVIL 2,3 REMAKES!!!Please CAPCOM"
,Recommended,304240,14079639,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,-3xA'Lu©κy (idling),"A little bit about the game:Resident Evil HD Remaster is a remastering of the 2002 remake of the original 1996 classic ""Resident Evil"". Resident Evil: Remake (sometimes known as Resident Evil: Rebirth) is a true survival horror game that ultimately gave Resident Evil a more serious tone and much needed-polish. Despite signficant changes to the title itself (70% according to a developer) much of the overall plot remains the same. The story starts with a particular police team locating a downed helicopter (Bravo team's last known location) that was similarly sent to investigate reports of cannibalism outside Racoon City. At the crash site they discover just a severed hand and the pilot's body amongst the wreckage. Suddenly vicious dogs ambush them and they are then forced to seek refuge in a nearby mansion. From this point you assume control of your chosen character: Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine. Both characters have differences between them and interestingly enough - your character choice will determine who gets to be your partner and what endings you can get.This game's got it all: creepy mansion oozing with atmosphere, tense music and great scares. Like every Resident Evil game it's very ""B movie-like"". The game will still make you nervous and scare you a few times at least however. As for the gameplay: it's not that of your typical third-person shooter due to 2 old Resident Evil staples - tank controls and a fixed camera - which players will either hate or love. I'll say it again, Resident Evil is a true survival horror game through-and-through, despite its adventure style gameplay that often involves you backtracking and looking for items as well as solving puzzles in the one big mansion. Survival horror presents itself through scarce ammo, the total lack of respawning items, limited typewriter ink ribbons (used to save) as well as zombie enemies resurrecting into a more powerful zombie if you don't choose to burn them early on. In a nutshell: item management is key to success in Resident Evil.PROS- a 60 FPS mode exclusively for this PC release offers incredibly smooth movement and animations (there's also the Variable FPS mode, in addition to the regular 30 FPS mode, which allows your PC to run the game at whatever framerate it can handle)- almost every resolution is supported and the game makes special use of widescreen resolutions by introducing a ""panning mode"" (the screen scrolls to show the cut parts of the screen) but you can always go back to the game's original 4:3 display- character models are nicely enhanced- some environments are re-created using animated 3D models- new post-processing effects (mainly bloom filters which the store page identifies)- audio is fully resampled and everything expectedly sounds decent- full controller support (I never got to test this admittedly)- an alternate control scheme to the tank controls allows for modern gamers to enjoy this title equally (directional buttons you press simply make your character walk in that particular direction)- new difficulty mode that makes the game incredibly easy (weak enemies and tons of ammo)- new BSAA outfits for Chris and Jill that were taken from the games they were in afterwards- Steam cloud, Steam achievements and Steam leaderboard (it doesn't filter by difficulty sadly)NEUTRAL- the same voice acting from Resident Evil: Remake (for most fans it's entertaining but for others it may be the opposite)CONS- the game renders at 1440p regardless of resolution (WHY?!)- a lot of textures look like they have a filter slapped on (much like the recent remastering of Resident Evil 4)- performance issues on some PCs haven't been addressed to this day- the audio desyncs even if you're a couple of frames short (again, like the Resident Evil 4 remaster)- the OST sounds too quiet compared to the rest of the game and is noticeably sped up (this somewhat impacts the game's atmosphere)- some static backgrounds look downright awful- it's incredibly hard to maintain a constant 60 FPS on some rigs it seems- the camera bobbing up and down in panning mode may make some people sick- door-opening animations can't be skipped like previous iterations (the modding community has already fixed this with a Steam guide detailing a ""Door Skip mod"")- too many errors remain in the game's subtitles- the mouse cursor is visible on your screen at all times (it's a huge immersion-breaker but you can always just hide it in the corner of your screen; several unofficial fixes exist as well)$20 is the perfect price tag for a game of this sort. There's a serviceable amount of work here to satisfy any fan yet again and newcomers will most likely enjoy what is undoubtedly the definitive edition of Resident Evil 1. It should be known, however, that there a few users still experiencing framerate issues - mainly laptop users. All this being said, the game does run well for the majority of users and if you're lucky enough to be able to run the game at 60 FPS flawlessly: it's a real treat. If you own this game in some form already, you may want to consider some of the things written here prior to purchasing. This remaster gets a 7/10 from me.P.S. If you like these reviews and want to see more of the same, you're more than welcome to follow my curator page. If you don't like curators or groups, I completely understand (I'm not a big fan either). It's just a much easier way to find old and new reviews I've made:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/rblc#curation"
,Recommended,304240,14102269,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sckhar Leviathan 🦊,"The originalResident Evilwas released for PlayStation back in 1996 and it was a sucess, in 2002 Capcom remade the game for Nintendo Gamecube, they had improved the graphics, gameplay and added new stuff, items and puzzles, the new game, known asResident Evil REmakethen took the original's game place in the story's timeline.This one is the HD Remaster of the 2002 Gamecube remake, I'll point out a few pros and cons of this edition:Pros:• Improved graphics, textures, creatures and character models;• New grapphics settings that were not possible by the time of the original release;• Support for 16:9 screens up to 4k (an edit on the game .ini file is required for resolutions bigger than 1080p);• Support for 4:3 screens.• Support for fixed 30, fixed 60 and variable framerates, good for all sorts of computers;• Full Xbox 360 controller support, keyboard and mouse and as well two controll modes, one being theclassic, that is similar to the Gamecube edition and thealternate, which is similar to the modern titles from the Resident Evil series;• Good reply value, you can play several times to earn the different in-game unlockables (such as costumes and weapons) as well earn achievements.• Several game modes to make the game harder and more interesting once you finish it once, you can also make it even easier should you prefer.Cons:• Huge size, almost 20gb for a game that was originally played on two 1.5gb mini-discs;• Doesn't have have native support for resolutions that are not 4:3 or 16:9, also some of the 16:9 resolutions are not avaliable at the game options and require to be manually changed at the .ini file;• Background graphics have not received the same treatment as the characters and creatures, they look a bit blurry on higher resolutions, they're better than the Gamecube version though;• Cutscenes were not remade at all, they look super blurry because they were stretched from 460p used by Gamecube;• Not the best game to be played with keyboard and mouse, while it's still playable, a controller is highly recommended.My conclusion:The game is great, it has a great story, it can be hard for those who prefer and easy for those who don't.You can play this for many hours to unlock everything and all achievements, so lots of fun for quite some time.Minor graphics problems that won't ruin the game at all.It's worth the 20 bucks, the game is great and brings back memories, also buying it will be enough to tell Capcom that we have interest in seeying the other RE games to be remade and brought to PC too.Note:some people were not able to play the game due to slowdowns, even people with PCs far better than my own, some complained about audio issues or crashes, I got the game on pre-sale and played for about 9 hours and finished the game with Jill without a single audio, graphic and crash issue, therefore the game is working a 100% for me.Update:fixed a few typing mistakes, english is not my main language and made a few mistakes that needed to be fixed."
,Recommended,304240,14077920,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bread,Capcom didn't ♥♥♥♥ it up. 10/10
,Recommended,304240,14299800,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Glorious Remake Remastered is glorious.Personally, this is the second best Resident Evil after Resident Evil 2.This is what fans have been waiting for so long. This game is perfection.I really hope this paves the road for future remakes and remaster of the good old Resident Evil games.Score: 10/10"
76561198070149685,Recommended,304240,23189523,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Takeda Kershaw,capcom more of this less of resident evil 6 plz
,Recommended,304240,16290649,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,rhyth,"This is the best Resident evil game, in my opinion at least.The old camera angles, the suspense music, the boss fights.. so much about this game is good, the KB/M controls are questionable though, really difficult for speed runs but playable, I prefer the controller and would recomend using one for this.Definitely buy this if you like the old horror style of RE and not the crap action bs.Edit:Resident Evil Zero hype!Both are MUST buys if you enjoy the older Resident Evil's."
,Recommended,304240,24784501,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Stans Dad,"May 9, 1998Played poker tonight with Scott and Alias from Security, and Steve from Research. Steve was the big winner, but I think he was cheating. Scumbag.May 10, 1998One of the higher—ups assigned me to take care of a new creature. It looks like a skinned gorilla. Feeding instructions were to give it live animals.When I threw in a pig, the creature seemed to play with it...tearing off the pig's legs and pulling out the guts before it actually started eating.May 11, 1998At around 5 A.M., Scott woke me up. Scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, too. He was wearing a protective suit. He handed me another one and told me to put it on. Said there'd been an accident in the basement lab.I just knew something like this would happen. Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in Research never sleep, even on holiday.May 12, 1998I've been wearing the damn space suit since yesterday. My skin's getting grimy and feels itchy all over. The goddamn dogs have been looking at me funny, so I decided not to feed them today. Screw 'em.May 13, 1998Went to the Infirmary because my back is all swollen and feels itchy. They put a big bandage on it and told me I didn't need to wear the suit anymore. All I wanna do is sleep.May 14, 1998Found another big blister on my foot this morning. I ended up dragging my foot all the way to the dog's pen. They were quiet all day, which is weird.Then I realized some of them had escaped. Maybe this is their way of getting back at me for not feeding them the last three days. If anybody finds out, I'll have my head handed to me.May 16, 1998Rumors going around that a researcher who tried to escape the estate last night was shot. My entire body feels hot and itchy and I'm sweating all the time now.I scratched the swelling on my arm and a piece of rotten flesh dropped off. What the hell's happening to me?May 19, 1998Fever gone but itchy. Today hungry and eat doggy food.May 21 1998Itchy itchy Scott came ugly face so killed him. Tasty.4 / / Itchy. Tasty."
,Recommended,304240,14147634,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Killrockstar,"18 years later and it's still the best atmospheric survival horror.Despite  having owned 3 versions of the same game, I was suprised how much I had forgotten about and how fresh the game still feels.Biggest change is now I am of an age where I can play Resident Evil alone and after dark!10/10 would ruin pants again!"
,Recommended,304240,14214044,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KIZILSAKAL,You gave my childhood back to me. Thanks Capcom. Can't wait for the Resident Evil 2 REMASTER.
,Recommended,304240,14078610,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Tlaconus,"A great game is back on HD!Pros:-It looks incredible.-You can play with Chris before he started hitting anabolic steroids.-The shadows gives a great atmosphere, it really feels like you are in a horror game!-Lots of controller setups and customizable keyboard setup.-30 or 60 fps, your choice!-Knife only achievement!Cons:-I do feel a little sensible the controller while playing... tho, I may be not that used to controllers anymore."
,Recommended,304240,26284142,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Robostar23,you were almost a jill sandwich.
76561197970701643,Recommended,304240,14078926,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,If you purchase this game and look closely: Jill isn't wearing a bra.Walking even slowly: her breasts rhythmically move like an ocean tide gently slapping against her tight stars shirt.
76561198056186683,Recommended,304240,14077899,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,"Just take a look at this!Runs well for me at 120 fps 1080p but maybe my specs are overkill. Great port and no doubt the definitive edtion of this game. I always said if they made it available (As oppossed to the crude emulations I've seen of it.) I would get it and here I am! It also has a nice alternate control scheme as oppossed to the orginal tank controls which is optimal for those who are using a mouse and keyboard. Loving it so far, pick it up no hesitation!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=753455719My  review is from the release but since then I've 100 percented the game and modified the INI for 4k and tried forcing some AA which makes it look even better even if the backgrounds didn't get as much high resolution love as Zero's remaster did. The modding scene is also nice as I have replayed the game with the orginals bad voice acting replacing the remakes VO in addition to a mod that (Resident Evil purists may hate me for this unless they played Deadly Silence) removes the loading screen doors which for me were less atmospheric and more tedious. The mod made getting lost less of a pain and personal speedruns a far more palpable treat!"
76561198060571839,Recommended,304240,14083510,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Super Smiley,"The game that started it all, comes back with a bang in the Remastered Edition. One of the best Resident Evil games in the series."
,Recommended,304240,15830911,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Gibs,jill sandwich
,Recommended,304240,14206097,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,The toast is a spy!,A old school horror game has never looked better.This is how a remake should be done!!
76561198003030375,Recommended,304240,14160121,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Resident Evil / biohazard HD REMASTERED~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~To be honest this is my first attempt with a Resident Evil game.After choosing my fabulous level of difficulty (like taking a walk) and my character (either Chris or Jill), I was indulged with a great introduction video outlining the beginning of the story. I was especially taken by surprise with the Doberman Zombies. What a beautiful type of dog, they really put you at ease straight away. Then you arrive in a dark, intriguing mansion.As you can tell, this game is a survival / horror type of game. What you have to do is find useful items to lead you to the next stage of the story. And yes, you do have a bit of fighting in it. My first encounter with a zombie was memorable for him as my so-called rubber knife (combat knife) was not the greatest weapon for me.  I settled for a KO in my first fight.  Evil resident all right! Anyway, you will find a gun really early in the game.When you find a typewriter, which is where you can save your progress, I would suggest you do so. But make sure you have ink in your inventory to be able to save.One thing I had a bit of difficulty getting used to was the camera changing angles quiet a lot and you have to keep readjusting the direction your character is walking /running.  But I guess this game was originally release for console. Do not worry too much about it you’ll get use to it.In terms of the controls, they are easy to master.The graphics are sounds and the atmosphere is dark enough to keep you on your toes.Positive:~~~~~~~-	Nice graphics-	Good cut scenes-	Challenging foes-	Achievements-	Trading CardsNegative:~~~~~~~~-	Camera movement a bit frustrating.I am enjoying this game and I am looking forward to play the next in the series. I am quiet interested to see the evolution with each game.8/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
,Recommended,304240,14077990,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Quixotic Vizo,"*Update* I got a chance to play along with the keyboard and mouse setting and in my opinon, its playable but not as fluent as a controller. I found the best way on a keyboard was to play with the original ""tanky"" style since it had much more fluent animation and just better control. I also forgot to mention that before you start you have alternate character costumes. You can play as Chris from RE1 or Chris from RE5. For Jill, play her from RE1 or from Lost in Nightmares (Personally, the classic Jill is badass).TL;DR: The game is great and you should buy it, plain and simple.Now, through what I played so far this is an excellent HD REmake of the GameCube version which is a remake of the ps1 version. I am currently playing with a ds4 controller and will try out the keyboard + mouse soon in an updated review but for now, I'm going to tell you what I love and what I hate (which is almost none besides a few gripes). Firstly, they did and EXCELLENT job at making the graphics pretty and nice plus the option for the video. The key thing I personally love is the refresh rate and the frame rate options are two different settings. Why do I love it? It is because I can have my refresh rate be 59.0 and my frame rate at 60 and v-sync won't have any lag in my mouse or slow downs in general like other games I have. Another key feature I like is the option to have either the new or old control scheme. This is where one of my gripes are but mostly a personal problem. I choose the new control scheme and it works really well and the analog stick, no matter what direction, keeps the same movement your character goes while entering into a new camera. Although if you move it a little to turn it goes a whole new way but like I said before I probably need to get adjusted to it. I recently played re1 and re2 with an emulation program on my computer and I have absolutely no problem playing the so called ""tanky"" movement in those games so if i can't get used to it, I can go to the classic play-style.  All in all, this is a great game to buy if you want to a.) re-live the horror that is resident evil one or b.) never had the chance to play it in your lifetime. This is not a horrible purchase and I'm emphasizing that because you really need to buy it."
,Recommended,304240,14103895,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rainbird,I was killed by the First Zombie...
76561198033477814,Recommended,304240,14376863,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Eskimo,It's games like this that makes you want to stay outside in the cold than go inside of a mansion
,Recommended,304240,14092786,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ale & Yorsh,"Great port of fantastic game.I like that you can choose different character skins and an alternate control scheme that in my opinion is sorta cheating but hey, the option is there!The PC version runs great and I love how it looks on 60 FPS. Character models look wonderful though levels could be on a higher resolution (they look good, but they could be better)."
,Recommended,304240,23602368,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mr. Monacles,"The best game ever made, for me anyways, played through on GameCube, Wii, PS4 and now I've bought this and Zer0 in a steam sale together, F that silly action man resident evil style, give me my haunted mansion, racoon city police station, and spooky trains.The cremé dé la crop of Horror games right here."
,Recommended,304240,33573516,Posted: 15 July,all,S3VeN7,1996 Playstation Original : ✔1997 Playstation Director's Cut : ✔2002 Gamecube Remake : ✔2015 Playstation 3 HD Remaster: ✔2015 Playstation 4 HD Remaster: ✔2015 Steam HD Remaster: ✔Beat every version and still in love with this game. Highly recommended !!!
,Recommended,304240,14078681,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Kyoujin Anei,"""A second later, you would have fit nicely into a sandwich.""One of my favorite games of all time (this as well as the original version). For horror fans, this is a game you can't miss. Heck, RE1 and the RE1 Remake both changed my life, and it's even the reason I ended up learning how to play the piano, due to the part in the game where you play the Moonlight Sonata.Either way, the HD remake is amazing. It's what Resident Evil is supposed to play and feel like. This is ACTUAL SURVIVAL horror, not the crap they try to make now with ""Resident Evil 6"" which shouldn't even be a numbered RE game.The atmosphere in the game is terrific, while the enemies and the creepy ambience and music will always make sure to keep you on your toes. You never know what's on the other side of a door or just around the corner, even if it's a room you've been to before. Not to mention, once you beat the game with one character, you can play it again with the second character which changes the game completely and adds new cutscenes, dynamics and so on so forth. There's definitely a lot of replayability here. Plus, there's more than one way to solve a lot of the areas, meaning if you playthrough one time, you may try a different route the second playthrough and you'll find new cutscenes and new ways to do things.For those who hated the controls in the original game, or if you were scared because you heard of the ""dreaded"" tank controls, then don't worry! They've made it so you can play with an all new control scheme that makes it much easier to play the game with. Although I prefer the old style, this is definitely good thing for those who are big on their controls. :)Seriously, don't miss out on this game that helped define the true survival horror genre. And who knows, maybe we'll get lucky and they'll do an RE2 and RE2 Remake. :) Hopefully! (Plus it'd be great to see a Resident Evil 0 HD release too!)10/10. There's no way they could have made it any better."
,Recommended,304240,14736439,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CondomChewer (Pyro$u$hi),All I can say is:Pros:-Awesome port-Nicely made remastered version.-Classics brings all the oldies back to the good old days (Like me).-Horror for sure.-Movement has been altered for better PC controls. Not bad.-Camera angles have been adjusted.-Graphics are better than the classic for sure. So noone will cry about pixels that much.No Cons as till now.
,Recommended,304240,23678097,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,David0vić,"Resident evil remake is one of the most unique experiences I’ve had in a video game. It treats you with respect, placing the perfect amount of difficulty and not holding your hand constantly telling you what to do. You get a great feeling of accomplishment when you get past a certain area or figure out how to do a puzzle, the game trusts you to figure out things yourself and I love that. It makes you memorize every room in the large mansion which is one of the best locations in a video game ever. It has some of the best level design of all time because it makes you think so much. You remember not to go into a specific room because there are three zombies in there that tried to attack you previously, the doorknob on this door broke I can’t take this route to go to this area I have to find another way. Things like this make this game so amazing. It is also one of the most atmospheric games I have ever played, the music is so masterfully done and it does an amazing job of creating suspense and tension. It is a scary game because the zombies are a big threat and are hard to take down because of the very limiting inventory management and resources. The puzzles are so clever and interesting to solve. The story is engaging and the characters are interesting, likeable and iconic at this point. This is hands down the best remake of all time.9/10 (Amazing)"
,Recommended,304240,28531210,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[SRVO] 80's Man,"Would I recommend you buy the Resident Evil remake? Hell yes, and here is why.This was a great game back on the PS1, to have it remasterd at 60 FPS for the PC? Yeeaaa boi. The gameplay was vastly improved, It feels alot sharper now to rotate and turn your character, aiming aswell feels better as I rarely have the momments back in the PS1 game were the shots could oddly miss when you were aiming right at the enemy.For people who have never played the old game, The game plays out like this. You pick from two characters, Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield. Each of these characters have there own Pros and Cons and progress slightly differant through the game. I would strongly suggest playing as Jill for your first time playthrough as she is argueabley the easiest character out of the two and perfect for a first time playthrough.The two characters are apart of S.T.A.R.S Alpha team and their mission is to find Bravo team who went missing during an investigation into the odd and mysterous murder cases poping up around Raccoon city.♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan pretty quick as Alpha team located Bravo team's chopper and the pilots were found dead. Alpha team had to leg it for the mansion close by as they were attacked by what seemed to be a pack of wild dogs.Now that you're in the mansion playing as your character of choice, Your character is viewed by a camra positioned in each room. standing in differant places within the room will sometimes change the camra angle to allow you sight around the next corner. You will be collecting differant kinds of items for your survival from ammunition, healing items and 'defense items' which play a big role in preventing zombies from biteing you if they manage to grab you. Sometimes there are items which play key roles in progressing around the mansion from keys and other miscellaneous objects which sometimes upon examination can reveal another use are a clue to a puzzle.What you will find in the negative reviews however, are people who ♥♥♥♥♥ about the camra angles being 'limited' They are to a certain extent but never are they an issue to the gameplay, I've found the camra angles to be positioned quite well to see were I can move, aim, and look for enemies. What these camra angles do however to the players experiance, is actually by limiting the view make you rely on your sense of hearing to listen for footsteps and other odd noises which adds to the horrer experiance. There are countless momments they take full advantage of this, and I won't ruin them for you but I can garntee they will give you a rush of urgancy to survive.Now that I lightly covered the basics of the game, I'd like to talk about the performance and the visuals of the game. I like them, there dark and gritty and the lighting really helps build up a great atmosphere. It kinda made me forget I played the oldier game for a momment and there were times I forgot all about the encounter, to yet again be jump scared by it all over again.To summarize this all, the Pros and cons with this game would bePROS++Great looking and updated visuals+Rewarding and great gameplay to the player+Full controller support (I can't really say about Mouse and Keyboard, I used an Xbox one controller)+Good sound design backed up with a great soundtrackCONS--Backtracking alot through the mansion to manage items can sometimes be a pain, but easy to get over.-Sometimes and I mean.. very Rarely, when I enterd a room I might get very low frame rate for about a second and it soon stoped. Not really a major issue, but meh. Something I had anywayI can't really think of much cons for this game, It kinda just aims for what it wants and hits it with flying colors in my opinion. So I hope my review of this game helps in your choice of buying the game are not."
,Recommended,304240,14846910,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Zombie_Chan,"If you love the original Resident Evil game, you will love this.  I'm hoping they do remasters for 0, 2, 3, and Code Veronica."
76561198065782394,Recommended,304240,14090280,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,sL1ck ♨,"(+) Good port,run smooth 1080p 60hz(+) New modern control,easy to play using xbox controller(+) Good horror atmosphere,full of suspense and surprises(+) One of the best Resident Evil series,hopefully they remastered Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3   Nemesis too :D(+) Good price,good game,worth to buy(-) Old game with improved display quality,but not all of its increased to HD quality display,but still worth          to say this is Resident Evil HD RemasterGBU all...9.0 / 10"
,Recommended,304240,17490607,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,RadShibeXD,"I have lived long enough to see a remastered Game getting an Remastered Version.It's very good, brings back the horror we felt back then when RE1 was released, the HD graphics make it look beautiful and horrible..., horrible in a good way! Controls are very precise, even though its a bit tricky to play with the analog stick with the camera and all, I prefer old-style-movement.Had much fun with it, price may be a bit too high, just look for some cheap keys or something."
,Recommended,304240,14107575,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Firkraag,"As good now as it was 19 years ago, the grandfather of Survival Horror. I recommend this to anyone who considers themselves a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,304240,14084766,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Soulkey,"Short review:Resident Evil HD Remaster is the improved version of the timeless classic finally making its debut to the PC platform. If you're an old fan of the franchise then I probably don't need to convince you any further, because you know what to expect: the game is still as good as ever! In fact even better with the revamped visuals!But if you never played any Resident Evil before, then it's a great one to start with, as this game defined the survival horror genre and set standards for years. With the additional new control mechanics fans of the newer Resident Evil games can feel comfortable, while the old-school tank controls still present to please the older fans.Resident Evil Remaster is a must-have for anyone who likes the survival horror genre or appreciates great games in general!Long review:Two teams of heavily armed, trained cops sent into a forest to investigate a murder case. What could go wrong?1998, mysterious murders occur in the peaceful town of Raccoon City. Special Tactics and Rescue Service Bravo team has been sent to investigate the nearby Arklay mountain forest but gone missing. S.T.A.R.S. Alpha team is sent out to search for the missing Bravo, but is attacked by a pack of hellish dogs. After seeking refuge in a seemingly abandoned mansion nearby. You lose most of your equipments and the real fight for survival begins!This is where you come in. There are two playable characters to choose from: Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine, both with their distinctive gameplay, strengths and weaknesses.The game focuses on slowly building tension, atmosphere and well-timed jump scares that will induce panic reactions. Your resources will be limited, as well as your save opportunities so item management plays an important role in your survival. Puzzles are also present in this game. They are not too hard, but will certainly require your perceptual skills as well finding diaries containing vital informations for your progression.Enemies are well placed, and will often manage to catch you off-guard. Thanks to the narrow mansion corridors even one slow zombie can give you a hard time. Additionally to the classic Resident Evil zombies, the Remaster version (just like the Gamecube edition) features a new enemy type called Crimsonhead. When a zombie is incapacitated, it will enter a dormant state after which it will return with increased strenght and speed. To prevent this unfortunate event new mechanics have been introduced, so you will be able to dispose of the seemingly lifeless corpses by burning them. This will again provide you with an interesting challenge, since kerosene is also limited and can be found at certain points of the map. And trust me there will be more than enough zombies to make you think twice whether it's worth the risk trying to kill them!Overall the gameplay is challenging and maybe frustrating if you're not familiar with the genre, but extremely satisfying and rewarding at the same time!Control wise the tank controls are still present for old-school fans, but a new control option has been added as well to suit the players who are not too keen on the original control scheme.Graphically the remastered version improved a lot upon the Gamecube version. There's still some blurry textures here and there, due to age of the game this port is based on, but the overall result is very much amazing, especially with the improved lighting and small details added to this edition.Resident Evil 1 HD Remaster is a real treat for any horror fans, and an excellent opportunity for old fans who have missed out on this title, due to its' Nintendo exclusivity until now!So check your guns, the Spencer Mansion awaits as you enter the origin of survival horror!PROS- Excellent atmosphere- Challenging and the same time rewarding gameplay- Perfect pacing, the game can be hard but will never be unfair- Impressive, well thought up level design- Plenty of replayability thanks to additional game modes and several ending conditionsCONS- Can't bind same button for different actions- Mouse icon won't disappear from screen. It can be hidden, but still..."
,Recommended,304240,25623039,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TheWestend,"-----Disclaimer-----I played through this game without any knowledge of RE in general, unless that it's a ""survival horror"" game.Therefore, I cannot be biased by the nostalgia this game surrounds. The review is therefore probably better suited for new players who want to try this game out.I played the game blindly on Easy Mode because this was the middle of the three options presented when clicking ""new game"".I may make some remarks about the storyline that are a bit annoying for RE-fans, because I don't know a lot about the series. Keep in mind that this is a review of the game itself, without the context of being a classic, for someone new who's interested in playing the game.-----Gameplay: ++ Exploration can be scary in the beginning. The fixed camera-angles make you wonder what happens off-camera...- ...but the combat system is pretty easy, making you a bit too comfortable after several hours of gameplay. After 15 hours, I didn't really feel like I was playing a survival-horror-game anymore.++ The puzzles are very well-designed and fun. They are not too hard, but they don't give too much away. The game trusts you to solve the puzzles.+ The resources are limited in this game. Exploring the area rewards you with healing items, ammo and new chances of saving.+/- You should know that the game allows you to save a limited amount of time. Playing around with saves as gameplay element is a risky move, especially in PC Gaming. However, the saves increase the tension of the game because you can't always fall back on a recent save. I don't dare to check it as a ""pro"" or ""con"".+/- You have limited inventory. Although I usually HATE these features, they actually force you to make choices, and make the game challenging even though you have an overload of supplies. There are not many games that I forgive for having limited inventory, but this is one of them.+ Jumpscares aren't overused. The game has a few jumpscares, but they are ""fair"" (you can escape them or they don't punish you too much). They are used just enough to make exploration scary, but aren't annoyingly prominent throughout the game.- If you open a door, you get to see a door opening for a few seconds, which was originally probably used for loading times and kept in to keep honoring the original game. However, it gets a bit annoying if you are backtracking through one part of the building to another.-----Graphics/atmosphere: ++ The lightning is very well done.+ Textures are generally okay.- Facial expressions are almost nonexistent, the characters look a bit dead through their eyes.- If you hold a gun, your arms and gun clips through everything.+/- Unsurprisingly, the color palette uses mostly dark/brown/gray colors. It is a survival-horror game after all.+ The music plays a huge role in the atmosphere of the area you explore. The music increases the tension of the game, but keeps itself at the background most of the time.-----Storyline: +/-+/- The story is told using some files you can explore, and some cutscenes you encounter.+ I found the files revealing some stuff about the history of the place interesting, it is well written, and makes you want to figure out more.- The characters don't have much characteristics except being the good guy or the bad guy. Since it is part of a big franchise, the characters may be a lot better in other games, but I review this game in itself now.- The plot displayed in the cutscenes is not very deep.-----Technical: +/-+/- The usual settings are available, although a real settings tweaker would probably not be satisfied.+/- The game runs on 50fps at high settings on my Dual Core 3.2 GHz Intel Pentium + Geforce GTX 750. Although this is absolutely not a high-end PC, most rooms are pretty small and individually loaded. The game should be able to be optimized a little more I think.- There seems to be a common problem where people randomly get a ton of lag. However, when I set the maximum number of prerendered frames at 1, the game didn't have that trouble anymore.- ""variable"" fps seems to be capped at 120 fps. Why not name it ""120 FPS""?- My Windows Sound volume did not change when the game was open. It is very annoying if you have to alt-tab out of the game or change the slider in-game in order to tone your sound down."
76561198050807294,Recommended,304240,14078703,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Celtic Warrior,One of the best survival horror games you will ever play !
,Recommended,304240,14078306,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Tonballsy,"Favorite game by far in the RE Series. Man, this may be the first Remaster of a Remake, own a piece of history!..or is it a remake of a remake?Some small issues for Capcom to iron out, but the game runs great, port is well done, expectations mildly exceeded."
,Recommended,304240,14177313,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CrownDeaglE,"This game was completely amazing, as a newcomer to the series I couldn't stop playing it. Its a clearly dated game but if you can put those old mechanics behind you its a masterpeice. Its left me wanting remakes of Resident Evil 2 and 3, desperatly.I need them.....please capcom....need...NEED!"
,Recommended,304240,14121326,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Sam KIA,"Let me just start out by saying I never played the Gamecube ""Resident Evil REmake"" I played the original PC game (to completion) and loved it.PROS-Still Creepy and fun as hell as it was in '96-The voice acting is a million times better than in the original-Beatiful Graphics with almost impossibly low specs-Runs smooth as butter-Challenging but rewarding-Amazing Port-Jill Valentine as a brunette (whoop)CONS-A little hard to control (forgivable)-May be a too hard for some people(?)-Gamepad is more of a requirement rather than an option"
,Recommended,304240,14382054,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Deroink,"They use today's voice actors to deliver some of the same (badly written) dialogue at the same pace (i.e CHRISTHISWAY, BARRYWHERESBARRY)They give you an achievement for dying called ""Get used to it""They let you run away from spooky zombies in glorious HD.Best HD remaster ever."
,Recommended,304240,29515609,Posted: 26 January,all,morfilithia,"This is not just one of the greatest RE games, it's one of the greatest games ever, in general."
,Recommended,304240,33985327,Posted: 2 August,all,🌺ファンキー🌺,Completed this game 3 times using Jill in all three and it was well worth it. Costumes and the new gamemode make the game very replayable without it getting too dull. Puzzles arent too hard but not too easy. Gameplay pretty simple so pretty easy to get into. What i like best is that if you die its completly your fault. It a good classic single player expericence that i think everyone whos into horror or just someone who enjoys playing games should play at least once. Only problems i had were the door loading screens they make the game feel twice as long then it actually is. A good way to fix it is with fluffy manager 5000. Its basically a mod manager but with trainer functions and in one of those functions you can skip doors. Other than that this game is definitely one of the best games ive ever played.
76561198089781357,Recommended,304240,14363858,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SladeWilson,"As a fan of the original and the GC Remake I was eager to dive into this remaster of the latter version, and it hasn't disappointed!  The remaster looks great, and the updated controls are great. I would definitly recommend this to any fan of the original or just fans of survival horror that never played it."
,Recommended,304240,15089278,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,RetriButioN,"It's basically a HD version of REMake (originally released for GameCube back in 2002) ported to PC with two exclusive new features:Wide-screen Support&Modern control-scheme. While this port is far from perfect, it's a decent game without any serious issues on PC.Pros:Price tag is really fairResidentEvil.NetsupportMultiple endings for each characterThe true masterpiece of Survival Horror genreVoice acting is way better than the original versionVisuals are beautiful and audio really creeps you outTwo playable character scenarios are similar yet each one is uniqueGameplay hasn't lost its touch after all these years and still feels like a fresh experienceYou must learn to avoid enemies and survival requires real effort even on easiest difficultyFirst playthrough can take over 10 hours, but the game can possibly be finished in about 2.5 hours.Cons:This isn't a typical action game and might be boring for some playersSystem requirements are a bit high to justify the visual quality of the gameCamera and control-scheme can be quite confusing for newcomers and needs some getting used toGameplay = 9.5/10 ; Audio = 8/10 ; Visuals = 8/10 ; Story = 10/10Verdict:9/10 - GreatI would highly recommend Resident Evil HD Remaster to veteran RE-fans and newcomers alike. It's a game you will come back to over and over again for a long time..."
76561198322269604,Recommended,304240,28519715,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ferg7834,"If you have played the original 1,2,3 RE, then you know exactly what to expect. Lots of backtracking and frustrating puzzles. But this time, in HD. The is an absolute masterpiece of a game. And I pray to God that Capcom remakes 2 & 3 in the near future because I will surely buy them and tell my friends. *hint hint*"
76561198047833672,Recommended,304240,29911831,Posted: 13 February,all,NightRaven,"Ok let’s see what ingredients we need for the perfect Resident Evil game :Tank controls-checkFixed camera angles –checkInk ribbons-checkA mansion-checkSave rooms-checkSave room’s awesome music-checkLimited ammo-checkPuzzles-checkItem boxes-checkLimited inventory storage-checkCreepy atmosphere-checkJill sandwich-checkWesker wearing sunglasses at night-checkBarry’s beard and big gun-checkChris lighting a cigarette-checkThere we go the perfect Resident Evil game. Capcom you don’t need to reinvent the wheel with every single resident evil game you release (you don’t fix something that is not broken). Just stick to the original recipe that made resident evil games so cool and memorable to play.I’m just hoping for Resident Evil remake 2 to be exactly like this game.Also can we have the original resident evil 1,2,3 (the ones that were released on the original playstation) on steam or gog?"
76561198110474412,Recommended,304240,17978952,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,anglerbe,"""It's Magnificent""The epitome of survival horror. If you enjoyed any other game in the series, and have yet to try this one out, definitely give it a shot. If you're new to the series, this REmaster of the 2002 REmake of the 1996 original is a great place to start. I always particularly enjoyed the art style and atmosphere of the REmake and RE0 (also getting an HD remaster), and now with the upgraded resolution, textures, and lighting effects, it's that much more immersive. Even after playing through as both characters, there are plenty of extra game modes that require you to change up your strategy in order to progress. The amount of content you receive for the price makes the purchase well worthwhile. A common criticism of the older RE games (although one that I personally don't find problematic) is that tank controls are difficult for beginning players to get a feel for. Fortunately, this version features an optional Silent Hill 2-esque alternative control scheme, in which the character moves in the direction pressed. So go on and grab your Samurai Edge and try not to smoke too many green herbs."
,Recommended,304240,14439479,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Omega,The Good: You get to play an underappreciated Resident Evil title (Which I consider the best in the series) with nice touches to make it more comfortable but without dumbing it down at all.The Bad: Capcom could have spent a bit more time polishing the pre-rendered backgrounds. In some areas it's REALLY REALLY bad. A lot of the game still holds up but the hit or miss pre-rendered backgrounds plus the lackluster voice acting might put some people off. Just being honest here.Overall you get a nice package that is well worth the $19 you may spend on it. I recommend it at full price and also if it is on a sale. This game didn't get the praise it deserved when it was exclusive to GameCube. Now it can get all it's dues paid plus interest. It's a damn good game and hopefully it proves to Capcom that they can still make the MAIN SERIES Survival-♥♥♥♥ing-Horror. Time will tell.
,Recommended,304240,23955182,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Venom Snake,"Alright, here it comes. After so many years, I got to play this masterpiece again.To begin with, I had only played the PS1 version and not the gamecube one, so this game brought many new puzzles for me to solve. Everything is so much better, and I am really glad that CAPCOM decided to hear us fans and start remastering RE games of our childhood.I bought it on PC some days ago, and decided to write a review after I finish it at least once. The replayability value is amazing, as it was back in the PS1 days. Not only did it feel satisfying to properly finish this game, it made me want to play again, and again. Everyime, it brings the horror atmosphere I like seeing in games.Yet, this 20 year old game scares me over 9000% more than these new sci-fi and whatnot games that have been released the last 6 years.10/10"
,Recommended,304240,25045291,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Akka,"I'm only an hour in and I can tell you already this game is a masterpiece which set a precedent so strong no wonder this series bore so many sequels.It is more intimidating and overwhelming than even the scariest of scary-thing-chases-you simulators. Trapped in a convoluted mansion with so much information to take in works to stress the player's memory while the ever present yet rarely seen threat looms overhead. Scarce ammo and subtle design elements absolutely DEMAND the player to take it slowly and soak everything in. A pleasure since atmosphere drips from this game like your sister's inner thighs once I enter the room.The limited inventory space really shows this game's age in a negative light though, with an item slot being taken up by your weapon and ANOTHER for your spare ammo. If you have two weapons and bullets that's half your inventory gone, and you're gonna want access to as many spare item slows as you can. WHo knows when you'll need your keys until you come across a specific locked door? Don't make me go back to my locked chest to pick up the item-of-game-progression, just let me carry that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,304240,27163485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Domiku,"Back then, survival horror games allowed you to fight enemies and created tension without excessive jump scares."
76561198020267528,Recommended,304240,28433271,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Muggz Munny,Need more remasters! #MakeResidentEvilGreatAgain
,Recommended,304240,14431683,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Mr.SpaceCorgi,Jill has breast physics but Chris does not have crotch physics 6/10 needs more crotch physics.
,Recommended,304240,24527135,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,XIIInoktiisXIII,"Remakes are weird.  With movies, remakes tend to be looked at with contempt and generally are as a whole considered bad films.  Video games are a completely different story.  This game was so freaking ahead of it's time it's not even funny.  Originally released a long time ago, early 2000s I remember that much, this game came out, a remake of a game that wasn't even 10 years old at the time.  This was at the time, the best graphics I had ever seen in any game.   Re-released in 2015, I can say that it still is just as good as it was then.  Resident Evil the game pretty much speaks for itself.  It's a survival horror game filled with zombies, zombie dogs and campy giant snakes.  It's awesome.  From Playstation to Gamecube to PC, I've lost count on how many times I've played through the story of Resident Evil 1, but this is the definitive version of the game that I'll play for years to come."
,Recommended,304240,14460368,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Little Baby Man,YOU WERE ALMOST A JILL SANDWICH
,Recommended,304240,26914101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arius Vaitso,"In the depths of time - in the far off year of 1996 - horror games were something of a novelty.Alone In The Dark,Clock Tower, andPhantasmagoriawere on the scene and while they certainly drew attention to the niche, they were by no means indicative of how far you could take the theme.Luckily, Capcom seized upon the opening and brought us a lovely little number called - rather unimaginitively -Biohazard; it spawned a cult following and over a dozen sequels/prequels/tangents. In the midst of all the zombie-fighting fervor, the less accurately but more interestingly namedResident Evilcame to be remade for theNintendo GameCubeand all was right with the world... In that whole ""mansion filled with unspeakable horrors"" kind of way.Fast forward over a decade and the nearly-forgotten remake of one of the most classic games in the 3D tradition has been HD remastered, had its' controls updated, and been ported to every platform imaginable. While the game is still clearly showing its' age, it more than makes up for it with its' aura of nostalgia.TLDR:Resident Evilis one of the cornerstone classics of the Survival Horror genre and it deserves to be played, even if it feels a bit old and rough around the edges."
76561198219151589,Recommended,304240,23122564,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jay-Tookie,"I'm a huge Resident Evil fan, and I have to say I've played every one of the main series titles from start to finish, all except for Resident Evil 3 - Which I'll hopefully have some time to get around to in the near future.This is an HD Port of the Resident Evil one Remake and it comes packed wtih some extra costumes and a little bit of extra polish in the visuals. Besides that, this is essentially the oringinal REmake from the Gamecube. It has some visual options to be tinkered with, which you will for sure need to mess around with, as the game seems to have some minor performance issues with stuttering and slow motion. This doesn't seem to be an issue for any other port of the game except for this one.I'm not really going to go into the essentials of this game's story or gameplay, as if you're looking at this at all, you are probably well aware of what this is- it's Resident Evil with classic tank controls and more survival horror theme's instead of action horror, you'll either love it or hate it.For me personally, this is a lovely game. And I enjoyed every second I spent with it."
,Recommended,304240,14135909,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Gekikara,"Great port. Great game. Highly recommended for those who yearn for the old school RE gameplay from yesteryear. The only issue so far is that in some cases, I'll get a huge slow down spike near entrances of doors, but it's very minor. Other than that, it is worth $20 especially with the modding community already in full swing."
,Recommended,304240,32245348,Posted: 7 June,all,Raymond,"Resident Evil / biohazard HD REMASTER Review - Raymond KTSummary: The game that defined the survival-horror genre is back! Check out the remastered HD version of Resident Evil. In 1998 a special forces team is sent to investigate some bizarre murders on the outskirts of Raccoon City. Upon arriving they are attacked by a pack of blood-thirsty dogs and are forced to take cover in a nearby mansion. But the scent of death hangs heavy in the air. Supplies are scarce as they struggle to stay alive.It's a game with a lot of history, after all. This is technically a remake of a remake — an HD-ified version of the 2002 GameCube remake of the 1996 PlayStation 1 survival horror classic. But even in 2002, the first Resident Evil's age was already showing. In 2015, nearly 20 years since its original release, much of the game feels like an anachronism, a piece of gaming's past that's more interesting from a historical perspective than it is to actually play. And yet, if you have that nostalgia, as I do, all of that changes. Resident Evil may not live up to many modern standards. It may leave me swearing up a storm as it reminds me of the cruel, unpolished design of older games. But it also brings back wonderful memories of late nights in front of my PS1, getting scared by zombie dogs jumping through windows. It allows me to relive some fond moments from my past, and it includes just enough visual improvements and control tweaks to make it the best form for doing so.  The struggle for survival at the heart of Resident Evil extends to its save system. Eschewing any sort of checkpoints or save-anywhere approach, the game only allows you to save in specific rooms that contain a typewriter. On top of that, you must have an ink ribbon in your very tiny inventory in order to save. Left all your available ribbons in an item box elsewhere in the mansion or have run out completely? Too bad, no saving allowed. This old-school save system can come across as extremely punishing to new players. It forces you to replay tens of minutes or more when you die and encourages making long treks out of your way in order to get another save in. But for as many expletives as it led to, this design choice is also key to the special brand of terror Resident Evil produces. If everything else was the same — same zombies, same low threshold for dying, same lack of ammo — but the game just reloaded you in the last room when you died, it would not be nearly as scary of an experience.  One small concession Capcom has made with this remake is in the actual controls. The original Resident Evil featured a style commonly derided as ""tank controls."" In other words, the character could only move forward or (slowly) backward. Pressing left or right would cause the character to swivel in that direction at a leisurely pace. Again, this added to the overall tension in the game, but it's arguably one of the less scary, more aggravating elements. The original control scheme still exists in the 2015 HD re-release, but there's also a slightly modernized replacement available. In this updated option, movement is more on par with other third-person action games — i.e., pressing left or right on the control stick makes your character more or less instantly turn and move in that direction. It's a nice change, and for those who are concerned, it definitely doesn't make the game too easy. The 2015 version of Resident Evil also features a modest visual upgrade. The gorgeous background art from the GameCube version has been modified into a high-definition resolution. As with the controls, the game allows you to swap back and forth between the old-school 4:3 and the modern 16:9 looks. Character models have also been beefed up to being on par with Resident Evil 6's graphics. Those newer-gen models occasionally felt strange against the less detailed backdrops, but in general the upgrades work fine. In fact, ""it works fine"" kind of sums up my feelings on Resident Evil's HD remaster as a whole. Whether or not that's high praise will depend entirely on your personal history. I have trouble imagining anyone who didn't play and enjoy the early Resident Evil games getting really pulled into this remake. But there's no doubt to me that there's still something magical here, some formula that can't ever be replicated in quite the same way. For one special game — in 1996, in 2002, in 2015 — it works."
76561198062240481,Recommended,304240,14945451,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Undead,I've played almost all RE games but this one is just the best. It's a reliving of the old times with excellent HD graphics. Totally worth the time and money!!
76561197980756533,Recommended,304240,14308906,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Another Chance ★,"Resident Evil HD Remaster.This review was written in a save room, so I can listen to the gorgeous music while sharing my thoughts.I love it. I just plain love it.I've played the Gamecube version about 20 times and it was obvious, that the HD Remaster would be just as good.The game runs perfectly smooth on 60 FPS and max settings, the controls work fine even if you use a keyboard, but I'd suggest to use a controller. There isn't really much to say about RE HD Remaster, other than it is still the best RE game ever made.If you love SURVIVAL HORROR , you will love this game. It's simply perfect.Resident Evil HD Remaster is a must have for every fan of the franchise and a must have for everyone who loves to play GOOD games.Stay alive and enjoy the game ~"
76561197970776523,Recommended,304240,14331575,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,A Cuddly Toy,Just as good as when it first came out back in the day but obv with some nice visual tweaks and some different item locations in the remastered edition as well as some alternate control schemes for both new fans and old. Hopefully the trend will continue and we get Resi Evil 2 on steam soon. For fans ofthe series would recommend esp if its in the sale
76561198076292327,Recommended,304240,14089794,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Spawn857,"So apparently I have had the issue where the game is in slow motion and thought what a waste….. however there is a fix. If you have an NVidia Graphics card and this is happening then prepare to have hope restored. Simply Right click on the desk top and select NVidia control panel, from here its very simple just select Manage 3D settings under 3D settings column, under the tab programs settings There should be 1.select a program to customize click the button under that, that says add and find where the game is located then select the game program. under #2 select High Performance NVidia Processor and hit apply and that should fix it!"
,Recommended,304240,16777214,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,PAULsandwich,"I don't know why this game does not reach the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" rating. This game has very stunning graphics and wonderful story as well as bunch of achievements with funny names. The two additional BSAA costumes for Chris and Jill made it more exciting to play. I love this game. I'm an RE fan forever."
76561197970397220,Recommended,304240,14080267,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[Dortmund]Peitz,"Simply the best survival horror game of the decade....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it back in the days on Gamecube...and will♥♥♥♥♥♥it again as this beautifully remasterd pc version is finally released (after way too many years) ...everyone who hasn't had the chance to play this milestone back in the days should be forced to buy it.   This is RESI how it is meant to be....counting your bullets,,,smoking herbs against deeep flesh wounds....movement of a 44 tons truck....burning the zombies to avoid a second rising....dogs jumping through windows...deadly lowering ceilings because of taking a shotgun in a different room.....Not a single Zombie who drops 4 RPGs because a Zombiehelicopter will be on your as two stairways lower....this here is the Resident Evil masterpiece......you won't find this intense atmosphere and the way it is presented in any of those new crappy quick time event based coop call of resis......guys....go for it....or you'll miss something big....besides it still has kinda neat graphics even though it's pretty darn old!!!!!   Buy it.....this game has to be a successful relaunch.....maybe one day....they'll get back to this design...or remaster the original parts 2 and 3....BUY!! BUY BUY!!! BYE!!!"
,Recommended,304240,14080990,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,IG,"I have a great affection for this generation, I remember when I was little and began to play Resident Evil, Dino Crisis and was afraid at every step, I miss this genre, despite having finished I will never get tired of these games, I am grateful to capcom to have made this beautiful work. AND COME ""RESIDENT EVIL 2 AND 3"" !!!!!!!!!!LET´S PLAY BROS !!"
,Recommended,304240,14814049,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[MOB]VinBeast,"One of the best Survival Horror games of all time and one of the best Remakes of all time finally gets the PC release it deserves.You play as either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine, members of the STARS team sent in to the Arklay Mountains to discover the mysterious murders of several people in that area.The game features a mix of close quarters combat with limited supplies and inventory space, exploring large environments such as a Mansion, Guardhouse and Laboratory and some puzzle solving such as picture and block puzzles and both Chris and Jill have their share of differences both in gameplay and in plot.Jill is by far the easier of the two with 2 extra inventory spaces and being able to also carry a Grenade Launcher, both also have their own side characters that will help them throughout the campaign and they also both carry their own defensive weapons for when enemies get too close to you.The enemies range from Zombies, Mutant Dogs and Hunters to the awesome exclusive Crimson Heads which rise when you don't burn a downed zombie with kerosene that is also in short supply.On higher difficulties it is best to avoid most confrontations as you can get killed in only a few hits and it is best to only kill enemies in areas that you will frequently revisit or are too narrow to evade.The Remaster as a whole does a good job of updating the graphics of a 13 year old game to look really amazing on todays systems although some textures haven't been updated and as such tend to look pretty nasty and pixelated.The audio is also great with some really atmospheric music and background sound along with the moans and other sounds of the monsters, the guns also sound particularly powerful.The Remaster also comes with a few exclusive features such as the ability to turn off tank controls although i completed the game just fine with tank controls on a mouse and keyboard.Theres also a fair amount of replay value as completing it with both Chris and Jill can take up to 10 hours and there are a couple of additional modes as well which will make the game more difficult.Overall this is a great port of one of the best Sruvival Horror games of all time and in my opinion the best Resident Evil of all time."
76561198078642964,Recommended,304240,14078303,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Eskco,Barry! Watch out! It's a monster!!!
,Recommended,304240,14172127,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,oujisan2236,A much needed re-release outside of Nintendo.The Remake of the first 1996 classic Resident Evil / Biohazard.This port is no doubt well decent althought has its moments. Framerates at 60 makes the game slo motion things like that but this isnt happen to all users. (set it to 30 if its the case).Great Pacing gameGreat StoryGreat Camera AnglesGreat audio (suprised actually)Great HD / Remastered touch ups on the polygon characters.The game is just great if you a fan of Old Skool RE/BH then get this game. if you are the RE4-RE6 gamer well take this game with a pintch of salt cause you might find this game hard for you..challenging evens.it's a 12 year old game based on a 19 year old game and its not aging bad at all.. 20$ for the game with so much content .so worth it
,Recommended,304240,15040728,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,10/10 Best Resident Evil up to date and a  true cult classic.This is the game that started it all and this is definitive version of the game recommended for new and old RE fans.Sidenote the game is not very different from the GC version its been polished and its pretty good graphicwise for today's standarts the only difference among them is one extra costume for each of the characters.
,Recommended,304240,25958858,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Akruzhael,"I would say this is the greatest remake that has ever happened. I love the original Resident Evil and this ""remake"" does it justice. The remake itself isn't just a ""pretty picture exact replica"" remake, it's actually got added extra content with more lore and it's also great lore too, plus there is new game modes and challenges, new outfits, etc. However, this is not the regular remake, this is the ""HD REMASTER"" of the remake. So for all of us who always wanted a gamecube and never got the chance to play the ""remake"", well, this is it! Except they've not only given us an exact original copy of REmake, they've given us an HD REMASTER of the REmake. Which is icing on top of the cake.Had a great time playing this. It's actually got quite a few different puzzles changed from the original, so sometimes my memories played tricks with this game, as I know what to do in the original, but in this I did have some slight confusion at times due to my misleading memory of the old game. However, some things are still very much similar. But overall, I love the changes. It keeps you a bit more on your toes and definitely gives it a fresh change.This is definitely my second/tied for favourite along with original Resident Evil (thanks to nostalgia goggles)."
,Recommended,304240,23844949,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gibby Whangdoodle,"""STOP IT! DON'T OPEN THAT DOOR!!"" - Albert WeskerActually, if it's the door you have to open in order to play this game, PLEASE DO! :) You will not be disappointed.I remember the first time I played the original Resident Evil in 1996.I stayed up countless hours playing it, replaying it,  and speed-running it with my friends.Then the gamecube version came along in 2002. All of the same things were there, only better, in my opinion. Improved graphics, new enemies, etc. It was just a blast to play, especially if you'd grown up with the original.Now we have the HD Remaster of that 2002 version which many Capcom and Resident Evil fans have grown to love.This is a solid port that improves even more upon the visual quality of the game.As far as technical issues, I have encountered none in the many hours I have played.I would strongly recommend this to any long time fan of the series or even someone who is new to it.Just try not to become a Jill sandwich. :)"
,Recommended,304240,14085432,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fernande$,"Just like RE2 and CVX this game is a Perfect Example of a survival horror. All elements, environment, enemys etc. Buy it if you really like the genre!"
76561198057253097,Recommended,304240,14080808,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,❤Snugglebutt❤,IncredibleAn atomospheric wonder revisited in HD+ Best resident evil pc port i've seen from capcom+ Smooth new camera angles and textures+ amazing replay value
,Recommended,304240,14092997,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Royce,The classic in 1996 has transformed into a great HD remake which is what we have here. 10/10 for modern survival-horror genre! You shouldn't miss this out.
,Recommended,304240,34335516,Posted: 18 August,all,♥ Boner ♥,"The ONLY REAL Resident Evil experience, that didnt start to pi*s off hardly with any poorly made actions, infinite ammo, dozens of sequences that kills you instantly or boss battles that never ends even not after fighting the same boss already for 2 whole chapters.One of the last games where atmoshpere hits strategic survival and brain burning puzzles, just like horror survival games SHOULD look, an NOT other.SHAME how this all ended up..."
,Recommended,304240,14103261,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Grand-K,"I have played Resident Evil from the Playstation, GameCube and now on newer consoles and pc. And all I can say is it awlays gets me, I still jump to some of the dangers lurking in this crazy mansion.Now I have not finished this game but I'm pretty far into the game and so far I have not had a single crash. I will say though, that the controls for keyboard seem funny to me but I have a controler so that solved my problem. I have seen some parts of the game where you can see they added more detail and to me the graphics and the music creat an amazing atmosphere that I have not seen a game sucessfully pull off in a mansion, its spooky if ya ask meh.If you want a nice scare I would get this game totally worth the 20$ and its legendary, and if you are a fan than what are you waiting for its in 1080p, 60fps, quality sound  ect. Perfect for your Resident Evil collection!Now CAPCOM I will be waiting for...Resident Evil ZeroResident Evil Code Veronica XResident Evil 2,3Would be great."
76561198164030708,Recommended,304240,14077972,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Graysonlevac,We all can't forget that Jill is the master of unlocking things right?10/10 Been to long since I played a good RE game
76561198079503216,Recommended,304240,28575082,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sea Lion,I was almost a jill sandwich.
,Recommended,304240,14078129,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,VΛSID,"So I haven't played a ton of this port yet, but what I have played runs at 1080p 60FPS and looks lovely so there is that. Also worth note about the port is that the achivements, while few, include some of the more difficult achievments which formerly were self-imposed fan favorites like survive using only the knife or don't save. A nice touch.Main reason I'm recommending it though is the fact that over two different consoles I've beaten this game 8+ times, including a couple of times with friends. It's the best Resident Evil game we got and as good as the series is going to get by the looks of it. It is worthy of being beaten once, beaten again, speed run, and run through again with an alt costume; That's how good this game is. With a fun campy plot that perfectly plays in to a comfy B-grade movie style, gameplay that reminds you at every harsh turn that this is a challenge of survival, and stunning graphics and immersive sound design that will send shivers down your spine; it all mixes in to a potent combination worthy of your time and money.Let's talk a bit more about the port now that I've played a bit more. Character models have greater detail and feel more than just simply upscaled, and I believe the same is true of the environments, though occasionally it is still obvious that you're looking at a pre-rendered background, still the game always had a good looking art style and it only looks better now with the small touches made. The biggest change to the port is the ability to play the game in either it's native fullscreen or a new pan and scan widescreen. This new pan and scan widescreen is a logical way to force a game otherwise designed for fullscreen in many ways to fit the more demanded modern perspective, and the game looks nice in it, still the pan and scan is a little disorenting and occasonally feels a little slow to respond. I haven't had any problems with it yet, but it's not hard to imagine them. Still, I can't complain, it's an option, and a nice one at that, if you don't like it you can simply choose to view it in the orginal mode and enjoy it as it was designed. I wish more companies would offer optional upgrades like this on their remakes. Speaking of nice optional upgrades; it would have been nice to have the option to turn off the super shiny items, they're classic, but at the same time with the new larger screen it really feels unnecessary, it's nice to actually be able to make out what you're about to pick up before you do, we've come a long way.So far from what I've played it's a perfect port of what has long been a must have for fans of Survival Horror. Unless I encounter any errors further down the line this is probably the ultimate version of this title, and I feel confident saying that as someone who has played every version.Pro-tip: Use control Type E with a controller, it allows you to run and turn at the same time. This has been the best way to control the old-school Resident Evils since the Gamecube versions introduced it and I'm extremely happy to see it included."
76561198297300095,Recommended,304240,23044660,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nemesis254,"Absolute classic for me growing up! played this on the ps1 when i was about 6 or 7 years old, glad to see they remastered it but i believe this is from the game cube or dream cast edition as i believe it was different on ps1, Anyways still a belter of a game and still jumped at some parts even now im 24, Great Game, Hopefully Capcom will remaster Resident Evil 3! ... Hope you guys understand why.... :P"
,Recommended,304240,33457299,Posted: 11 July,all,Victoren,"Wonderful remake/remaster, probably the best remake I've seen to this day.It keeps the same essence as the original Resident Evil, but improves it a lot, specially on atmosphere (to be honest, the original never caused me true fear, even when I was a kid, but this one did with the incredible atmosphere and ambient it implements).>New puzzles are really welcome, they keep the same style as the old ones, and even the old puzzles that still here are improved in some way (for example, having to do OTHER puzzle to actually solve this ""old"" puzzle in question). They're all very good and balanced, so you probably won't get stuck for hours on the same puzzle if you pay attention to the files you find and put some effort into it, just like in the original.>The graphics, well, are amazing, not much else to say about it.>Only problem I found is that it forces the resolution to 1920/1080 even if you change it in the options (since my PC is not that good, that's a problem). My PC is actually better than the minimum requirements, but inferior to the recommended, but I still had slow motion and lags. Solved editing a file to make the internal resolution the one I want.>The gameplay is as amazing as the original Resident Evil games, keeping everything we loved and implementing some stuff over it, such as the defense weapon, which are a good additional. Oh, and everything still as difficult as before (the part in the lab where you can't run or shoot because of the chemical you're carrying is really annoying, but in a good way).>Story you know, great as always, but it gets better as the series progress.>Camera is good and works well, but sometimes is annoying. I found myself running straight to a enemy a couple of times for not knowing what was before me, right at my face, but I couldn't see it because of the camera. That's a common problem with this type of camera though, and it's not even a big problem, but worth mentioning.So, this game is true to the horror genre, not relying on jumpscares all the time to make you ""fear"". It KNOWS what the word ""fear"" means, using it in a amazing way. The outside part when you walk to the cabin and pass though a cemetary and all, this part scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, one of the best implements in the remake, in my opinion.Buy it, this is one of the best remakes ever made, if not the best."
76561198066943605,Recommended,304240,25718036,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Extra Crispy,"I played the original back in 1998 when Dual Shock had just become a fad in my area. That said and considering how stale most horror games have become these days I went in expecting to get bored within the first 30 minutes. But then 3 game play hours later and I was still glued to my screen. This is what horror should be like, the intrigue, the constant dread, the curiosity that overpowers your sense of fear, pushing you through the odds to want to know what's happening. I already know most of the storyline owing to the fact that I played the original, but that doesn't stop me from being absorbed into this. Instead of looking to others to ""fix"" Resident Evil, Capcom should just turn back a few pages and read their own old notes. There was no need to jump on the PT bandwagon to make Texas Chainsaw Massacre Simulator meet Outlast. Right here...RIGHT HERE is the holy grail of horror. You're playing as a fully trained commando with the ability to shove grenades down zombies' throats and explode their innards out and even that isn't enough to stop the fear. There are barely any jumpscares here because the game doesn't need to rely on them, the fear follows you around and stays with you whether it be caused by you running short on health or simply anticipating something terrible to happen yourself or the camera angles making you feel that you're being watched all the time rather than you watching your character move. Horror doesn't need to be first person to work, this here is the testimony to that. A masterpiece. A Classic Masterpiece made even better by the reworks."
76561198020085437,Recommended,304240,14118719,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nokzen,"This game is so spooky with the fixed camera angels, its scary, its hard, its in many ways better then our modern horror games :)Ive played it once back in the days but cant remember any of it, so enjoying it now. Really good game :) a bit annoyed with the inventory space but recommended. Doing a playthrough herehttp://youtu.be/tL5pwm8LssQ"
,Recommended,304240,26623295,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,qumage,"Resident Evil (Remake) is a beautiful object of design which delivers a pleasurable and precisely managed play experience, but its mechanics and structure are stylized in the fashion of late 90s survival horror games. It's not for everyone.The premise is a medium-length (i.e., the first playthrough is ~9 hours) single-player, linear 'survival horror' game played with fixed camera angles and set in a mansion populated with zombies and genetic aberrations. You need to kill a few things, understand the physical space, manage your inventory and use of items, and solve the odd puzzle. This game is very good-looking and powerfully scary. Fear here comes mostly from suspension of disbelief, and a very tense atmosphere, but there are a small number of contextual jump scares too. The hallmarks of later Resident Evil titles (quicktime events, over-the-shoulder cameras, fully rendered 3D environments, modular item management, and big action setpieces) are entirely absent. This game is much quieter and more delicate.Like the many ornate keys the player accumulates in the game, this game feels bespoke and carefully produced. Every art asset is rendered lovingly, with an eye for detail. The mutated shark models have scars on their skin from where they have become aggressive with one another in their pool after having been abandoned. Each zombie's dress and injuries implies their backstory, and there are many zombie character models. The items the player collects are fetishistic totems, whose gorgeous polygonal models can all be examined closely in three dimensions. They include Yale lock keys, first aid kits, weapons (including a simulacrum of the Colt Python revolver), a large battery, piano scores, and X-ray scans. Every item has been crafted with obvious love and care. It has become a useless cliché to write of a game's 'fully realized world', but items, character models and lavish backgrounds are the core of Resident Evil (Remake)'s incomparable atmosphere. Because the game uses fixed camera angles, its backgrounds are pre-rendered textures, and there are relatively few 3D models on screen at any time. Spareness is presumably one reason for its high production values. The fixed camera angles give the level designers cinematic control over tone, which is rare in modern games. There is no capacity for the player to debase in-game suspense by constantly jumping or moving the camera during a crucial moment. A new room may open with the camera on the avatar, against the door, so you can't see what's ahead. In short, it looks great. This is a minor 'high definition' update to a game released in 2002, but the game has barely aged at all. Only graphics buffs or very superficial players will feel that they are playing an outdated title.The controls and mechanics of the game are very much of their era. In this game, you control your avatar using so-called 'tank controls', which nominally resemble those of a traditional tank in that you cannot simultaneously turn and advance forward. Unusually for a 3D video game, pushing forward on the stick moves your avatar in the direction they are currently facing. This control system has always been controversial, and is now widely dismissed as a relic. There is an option to switch to a more conventional control system in the menu. Players will find their own most comfortable playing style, but the game was designed for tank controls, and I believe they are necessary for full enjoyment. This game is about suspense, ad hoc strategy, and uncertainty. The slight awkwardness and feeling of limitation which tank controls offer suit the setting. This game's fixed camera angles, which can switch between very different viewpoints, make conventional 3D world control systems unintuitive. The player can become disorientated easily as they move between screens. Tank controls alleviate this problem, because the player always has a sense of their current direction and momentum.Plot barely features in this game. Cutscenes are minimal (although countless variations of scenes exist for players with different play conditions), and the optional backstory is explored mostly through text documents or exquisite environmental storytelling. You may find a couple of the characters irritating (personally I can't stand Chris, one of the playable characters), but what little dialogue there is can be skipped. As it is now fashionable to say, the story of the game is the story of your playthrough. I have found that I end up with a very particular relationship with certain rooms in the mansion. Ammunition and healing items are sparse, such that there are generally more zombies than you can kill in a given area, and unless they are properly disposed of (through fire or removal of the head), zombies will return, flush with their own blood and saturated with a more mature form of the plague virus, as the deadly 'crimson heads'. For these reasons, it is generally more desirable to avoid zombies than to engage them. But certain areas of the mansion are connected by narrow corridors, making escape difficult. The player therefore has to monitor their resources, managing ammunition, physical space, health and healing items, and inventory space, all of which are limited. Compromises must be made. That's a lot of the fun.A few recommendations to maximise your pleasure: play it at night. Try not to seek help for the hard parts (unless a puzzle is totally stumping you, because a couple of them are very obtuse). Turn up the volume.The HD Remaster is a delight. Every inch of curling wallpaper and dry rot is now visible! I just have a couple of complaints. A very select few of the master textures (such as the letter Wesker/Barry pins to the wall outside the East Wing save room) were obviously never designed to be seen at this resolution, and they really should have been replaced like other models have been. More inexplicably, great effort has been put into adding a 'physics boob jiggle' to Jill's walk. The effect is to dehumanize and overtly sexualize a well-loved character. Watching Jill animate is now an item of titillation for the presumed heterosexual male player. I think it's very myopic and dull of Capcom to add this feature. If nothing else, it is absurdly unrealistic. Jill's chest now undulates at a steady pace, independent from the rest of her body, whenever she walks or runs. It makes me more aware of the game as software, and harms its chief achievement: its extraordinarily tense atmosphere. This feature was missing in the 2002 release of this same game. Sadly, in every other way, this HD Remaster is the superior edition.Please play this game. I don't normally go to bat for flagship releases from major studios, but Resident Evil Remake is a beautifully crafted artefact."
76561197978160135,Recommended,304240,25773589,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,CacTuar,"Perfect example of a well made remake. They built on the atmosphere of a creepy setting that was present in the original, and even though they added quite a lot of new content and play style, it still felt like the original which was an absolute classic."
,Recommended,304240,14557244,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Brocolli,"One of the first and best horror games remade for new players to enjoy, but how does it fare against the original?Pros:+Two different control types+Costume variety+Puzzles+Story+2 Campaigns+Darker colour schemeCons:-Sometimes confusing with mostly non linear gameplay accross huge maps-Graphics aren't a huge improvement over the gamecube remake, for 2015 PC graphics on high can look alot better than thisFinal Overview:This game is a classic, and still holds all of the great attributes of the original whilst adding some more things to the game9/10"
76561198029736632,Recommended,304240,14086971,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,§Teras§,"14 years have passed since I played Resident Evil for the first time on my Playstation, and it still feels scary, lonely and freaking awesome. Even more at 1080p, 60fps and with a whole new physics made exclusively for Jill's boobs! Jiggle jiggle!Pros;Great atmosphere;Nostalgia all over the place;60fps and 1080p;It is hard as it should be, without that Hollywood-ish action nonsense.Cons;Textures can feel a little blurry from time to time;Voice acting still kind of sucks.Got bitten by a giant snake and died trying to find the Serum because I forgot where the room was. 10/9.1 would get bitten again!"
76561198005234391,Recommended,304240,14329783,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Loki,"The original Resident Evil is a masterpiece and is one of the absolute best survival horror games ever made in my opinion, this HD Remastered version has been visually re-vitalized with sharp modern visuals and supports remastered audio and 5.1 surround sound, playing this game at night with a pair of surround sound headphones is amazing, the atmosphere is superb.Other additions include the new 16:9 Widescreen mode, in which the top and bottom of the screen are chopped off and a scrolling feature is introduced when moving around the environment, I actually played through the game this way and didn't find it to be a problem at all, however, the option to play in 4:3 aspect ratio is still there.A new control scheme has been introduced as well into this new version, this allows you do move the analog stick in any direction and run or walk in that direction without the need of further button presses, I decided not to play with this scheme personally, and I've heard (and seen) some people comment on the fact that it's awkward to control when transitioning to new camera angles. However, the original tank control scheme is still there, I choose to play this game with my Dualshock 4 and it is flawless.The PC version of the game also has 60fps support and it looks and feels amazing, not much more to say about it than that, the framerate for me has been absolutely solid on a GTX 970, FX-8350 and 8GB 1600mhz RAM.One little issue I had worth mentioning is that when playing the game for a little while, I was getting thrown out onto my desktop, this didn't shut down the game, but ""tabbed"" me out, not sure if it's something on my end causing that or not, but it is the only real concern I've had and I figured it was worth mentioning.I do own the original REmake on Gamecube, however, in the past I have played the game through my Dolphin emulator as well, I went ahead and compared the two recently and the difference is bigger than I imagine a lot of people would think and I was slightly surprised too, this HD remaster looks fantastic.This is a brilliant game and the price is very reasonable in my opinion, highly recommended."
,Recommended,304240,14482826,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Muzzles56,"Amazing port or an oustanding game. Good amount of replayability, great story, length of game is good. Well worth the full price"
76561198011965365,Recommended,304240,14079500,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"10/10 best port i have ever seen capcom do!Graphics: 10/10  (original fan of RE1 on playstation.. The graphics make it feel like a brand new game.)Video: Not the best video you would see on RE6 but enough to see on RE4.Audio: Clear/ clean audio. Better acting than the originalFPS: 60Port: AMAZING   BETTER THAN Dead rising 2, RE4 when it was first launched and Dead rising 3 fps capIF YOU ARE A DIE HARD FAN ON THE RESIDENT EVIL FRANCHISE... THEN THIS IS A MUST OWN GAME!!FYII am the owner of all resident evils.. ... On the playstation, gamecube, playstation 2, and the wii."
76561198030534862,Recommended,304240,32547919,Posted: 18 June,all,YKinG,"Classic survival horror. If you like 1996 original version of Resident Evil, this would be best for you."
,Recommended,304240,14085489,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dfactor,"After playing for 22 hours and finishing the game thrice I can say that...This is easily the best version of Resident Evil Remake ever created. Sure, it currently has a couple of bugs for some people, but they were expected. Considering this is a remaster of 2002 game the plot / mechanics / gameplay reviews are around for 13 years. I'll be covering the technical details of this port.The Visuals & Performance.The remastered backgrounds are the same across all platforms. There are plenty of good looking areas, decent looking, heavily filtered lower resolution backgrounds and some are the same as in original. It's somewhat inconsistent, the devs told us that they wanted to make everything look authentic, same as in the original (only better, sharper) but it seems that some decisions weren't the best.Most of the moving video backgrounds were remade into 3D objects. They're affected by your screen's resolution and also blend in nicely. Easily the best looking backgrounds. Note: some entire rooms / angles were made completely in 3D.The character models are improved, they look better (higher polygon count, better textures), they have improved facial animations, they move more naturally (improved animations) and they don't stick out as much as in the original (thanks to the new lighting). All the enemies are well detailed and, surprisingly, the nude zombies weren't censored.The lighting makes the characters look really organic, there are improved light sources, shadows, some bloom effects and subtle film grain were added.The port currently offers up to 1080p (up to 2160p though .ini edit, but it seems that it just upscales 1080p) and 120fps. For anti-aliasing there are different variations of FXAA, but it seems it's also possible to force other AA methods on the executable. Pre-rendered cutscenes run at 30fps. The PC version runs smooth, the screen transitions are almost instant and there are no framedrops.Any recent mid range (and higher) desktop graphics card can run this maxed out at 60fps+. People who do not read minimum system requirements and have low than minimum specs can end up with several results: a) the game runs at it should, b) the game launches but has really low framerates, c) the game doesn't launch at all or is in slow motion. Integrated and laptop cards are not officially supported, but may work.It's another well optimized MT Framework game.Advertised features, settings, options, controls and more.The game now is playable in 16:9 (moving camera) and 4:3 (original), they're switchable on the go.The sound is absolutely fantastic. It's clean sounding and is in 5.1.There are new higher quality video files cutscenes (for both 4:3 and 16:9).There are two control schemes: original tank and new, modern one. Both usable on a controller and a keyboard&mouse setup. The keyboard keys are completely rebindable and, surprisingly, K&M works quite well! It's really comfortable as long as you rebind the inventory (let's say to Tab) and map buttons. it's possible to switch control schemes on the go.The game allows some minor stat tracking. Visitresidentevil.net, link it to your Steam and you'll be able to see your global progress, unlocked weapons, defeated creatures and achievements.All the previous unlockables and game modes from the GC version are still there.There's a new ""Very Easy"" game mode now.New BSAA outfits / character models.There are most likely going to be character swap mods.Things I'd like to see.While MT framework allows almost any resolution it seems like it's locked to 1080p. Increasing it through .ini file edits will only upscale.Mouse cursor should be hidden when outside of inventory screen.Skippable doors (there's already a mod for that)Problems caused by compatibility problems.People with underpowered systems, bad compatibility or that are simply unlucky may experience the following problems:-Extremely low framerates.-Slow motion.-Desynching audio.-Doesn't run at all.Common problems.-Crashing when changing both resolution and window type (fullscreen, windowed).-Crashing when alt tabbing (+having steam overlay on) a lot.-The game is displayed incorrectly on 4:3 resolutions (cropped 16:9).Hopefully most of these issues will be patched soon.I'll update the review when I get my hands on new info and / or play more."
,Recommended,304240,25447951,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ErbanVision,"In 1996:Resident Evil was the game that started the popularity of survival horror on console.Created by Shinji Mikami the game became an all out classic.In 2002:Capcom announce that they were remaking the original resident evil for the Gamecube platforme.Now at the time we were not oversaturated by Remaster or Definitive edition of games so there was some excitement to be had.Some time a Remake can be better than the original product that inspired it. For resident evil that is the case. By the original creator Shinji Mikami comme a mind F#$% of a game that will scare the hell out of you and give you a sense of satisfaction.in 2015:2002 Resident Evil is finally out on pc however some teaks have been made:Background Visuals have been enhanced and even completely remodeled for higher resolution purposes. Character model have also gotten the same treatment. And there no more LAG in cutscene which is nice. Surprisingly Capcom did a good job with the port.My only complaint's are that there is no oficial widescreen suport, if you set the game in 16.9 the image will be crop and the game will not look good visually. The japanese voice over is not present on this version of the game (were is MY japanese voice over Capcom O_o from the japanese ps3 edition of the game).The title also does not offer a lot of graphic setting for Pc.9.7/10 (2015 PC Version) 10/10 (2002 Gamecube version) Verdict: MasterfullThere is something special in Shinji Mikami Resident Evil, probably because it is reminiscent of so many great ideas that are not often used in this generation of horror game. If you have never played then no worry Resident Evil has aged well. It worth purchasing and if you have already played and own the gamecube version then it's worth repurchasing.Ps: The rocket launcher glitch doesn't work on this version of the game :("
,Recommended,304240,14090952,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,KamiX #HearMeRoar!,"It's an fantastic PC port just like Resident evil 4, 5 and 6. If you are a fan of the older Resident Evil games then BUY this, like RIGHT now. Personally, i loved the game. Sure, it was confusing sometimes and i had a hard time figuring out where to go and what to DO, but i managed to beat it in the end. Like i said, it's an fantastic PC port and it runs at a steady 60fps 1080p. I bet even old graphics cards can max this out with 60fps 1080p.+1080p 60fps+Good looking graphics and character models+The new controls are great+Great Atmosphere+Great storyline10/10Thanks for the awesome pc port capcom, i can't wait until you remake Resident evil 2 and 3! (My personal favorite old school RES evil games.)"
,Recommended,304240,14719761,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,rhynlock,"Capcom made an experiment, they wanted to see if people would like their games to go back the old formula. Guess what? We do!Resident Evil HD remastered (REHD) Is a third person survival horror game based on the Game Cube version remaster of the 1996 PSone classic, So yes the remake of a remake.I didn't have the opportunity to play the Game Cube version so I was very excited to get my hands on it and I must say I wasn't dissapointed. The game has really impressive visuals, the work with the lighting here is very impressive. The fixed camera  can be a deal breaker for many, but in my opinion it just helps to build the most important aspects of these games, the atmosphere, and that is where the game shines, giving you a feeling of being constantly watched and that you are never truly alone, even when you dispatched all the monsters. the limited health items, ammo and saves combined with the lack of continues keeps you tense at all times, knowing that if you die you have to restart from your previous save and you can't be constantly saving.The story and voice acting may not be the best out there but you don't really buy a RE game for those things anyway.I think this game is a really good value for the money as it will easily squeese at least 10 hours out of your time, all that for just $20. get it, enjoy it and join me as I wait for Capcom to remaster RE2 (my personal favorite)"
,Recommended,304240,29483261,Posted: 25 January,all,InsipidPoison,"Awesome game and a great remaster of the original. Everything improved upon the first version. If you enjoy the earlier Resident Evil series, then this game is definitely a must-buy."
,Recommended,304240,14079742,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,FaTe-,Had me running in circles and shooting zombies for hours.
76561198065938002,Recommended,304240,14077971,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Abyss,No issue so far for the greatest survival horror of all-time being remastered and brought to the glorious PC.
76561198054889445,Recommended,304240,14145785,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Master Sam,Still an incredible game I don't get why people are having technical issues I've already beat it once and I didn't run  into a single issue. I've played every resident evil game ever released and In my opinion this is the definitive version of resident evil 1.
,Recommended,304240,14078321,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vanilla Shield,Dem camera angles!Nostalgia Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,304240,14079205,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BoxRiot,"Launched withoutteleporting zombies,broken mechanics,and isn't missing components that will take years to add.4/4 itchy tasties"
76561198058046984,Recommended,304240,30651875,Posted: 21 March,all,Tacticz,"Resident Evil HD is one of my favorite games of all time. This remake originally came out on the GameCube, and Capcom did a great job with this remaster and port. In my playthrough, I experienced no problems or crashes. The story is still the same as the original game on the PlayStation, but they expanded it, added new locations, and made the game longer. If you’re wanting to get into Resident Evil or just the horror genre in general, then this is a great starting point for both. The biggest complaint with this game are the controls. With a controller, I can handle it just fine with using the D-Pad. I’ve beaten this games three times on PS4 and once on PC, and it has been fun every time. If you want to change it up a bit, you can play the game as a different character. This game also has a bunch of rewards for completing it in different ways, so there is plenty of replay value. I can’t recommend this game enough for horror fans.Score - 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,25965303,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Eric,A fun and a great remaster. If you played the GameCube Version this one is still worth checking out.
76561198156334296,Recommended,304240,21815094,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Food + Stomach = Happiness,"This game is a good one. However Capcom did a horrible job to get this one on PC. The game was in slow motion and the sound and voices were desync (sorry if I didn't write this word correctly). This was a nightmare, a horror as it was unbearable and I thought I wasted 20 buck. Capcom didn't even fixed theses errors. Instead, RE fans had to. After a while, I managed to find a solution in the discussion page. After clicking a link that someone posted for downloading the patch and installing it, the game now runs smoothly. So far so good... but I am still mad about Capcom not doing anything. All in all, I recommend this game, but I do not think it is worth its weight in coins."
76561198079605232,Recommended,304240,34919348,Posted: 13 September,all,Lizard King,"Resident evil Remake is one of My favorite Horror games of all Time,The game makes you feel in this Nightmare Mansion where you have to Fight Your Fears . after playing it, i have to Make a Review Of This Amazing Horror game.Lets talk about The Pros.Pros:1.Rather Than Obvious Jumpscares Like Most Other Games .This Game has subtle scares, That Makes You Offguard.2.The game has 2 playable characters,Jill and Chris. each with different Plot And Characters.3.A good Replay value.4.That Damn Freaky Atmosfere.5.Super Scary Monsters.6.Very good Puzzles.7.The Spooky Spencer Mansion Its so memorable,I could draw the whole place.8. A likeable cast Of Charachters. Which Includes : Jill(sandwich)Valentine.Chris Redfield,And F***king Barry Burton.9.Good Level Design.10.Terrifying Bosses.11.Great Lighting effects.12.new game+13.A lot Of VarietyCons:1.The textures is blurry2.Graphics while not that bad , its not really that good either.3.door loading is annoying.4.i recommend use a controler rather than a keyboard Because it's kinda akwardOther Than that though. You need to buy this game Right now Or on Sale . a lot of gamers said that this is the best Video Game Remake Ever made And that is completely true.i give it a 9/10an amazing game"
76561197985072747,Recommended,304240,14181734,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Japanese Survival HorrorI have put many hours into RE6 and Revelations and enjoyed both these versions, especially the co-op mode of RE6. Plus I really enjoyed all the films. I had played the original RE briefly but never for any great length of time. I decided to invest in the re-make and see how it compares. I am playing with Jill on easiest and 9 hours in still have a lot to explore and beat (based on achievements), although it is possible to complete the game within 3 hours!  I am enjoying it although am finding some game mechanics irratating like only being able to carry 8 items and having limited saves. This means I have to trapse around fiddiling with items and then get killed before realising I have to trapse around the same places again. This isn't that bad though as the environment changes throughout the game, so re-visiting places is actually useful, plus the next time you are more prepared for surprises. I had one major jumping incident due to smashed glass, and there are always a scare or two to throw at you. Ammo is limited, which is a pain when you waste a load on something that can't be killed. The graphics are really nice and the story is engaging. Basically this game is reminding me that I am not actually that good at computers games but enjoy them anyway."
76561198140676570,Recommended,304240,29515506,Posted: 26 January,all,jgallegos1123,"Back in the late 90's I remember this game releasing for PS1, and I was a huge fan of it. I purchased the original, the directors cut, every version I could get my hands on.Fastforward to now, and I decided to tromp through some old stomping grounds. RE HD Remaster is a remaster of the Gamecube version of the game, which includes a few new and revamped areas, and much better graphics. Gameplay has remained unchanged from the original, other than a key fact that you can play without tank controls (hell yes!). Resident evil relies heavily on the ""survival"" aspect; you have limited inventory space, limited ammo, even limited number of saves. The puzzles in this game can be quite devious, and the game gives you hints, but rarely outright tells you what to do (I played the game with a guide because I'm old and don't have the same memory I once did). Zombies, dogs, every enemy in this game is deadly; a normal zombie can take as many as 10 bullets to kill on Normal. Its a lot more brutal than I remembered as a kid. Top it off that some enemies can follow you around the mansion, its constantly a harrowing experience, especially if you skipped enemies to conserve ammo.However, the game is not without its flaws. I really wish they would have edited out the ""loading"" animations of the doors, it adds a lot of unnecessary length. As well, the rooms are not labeled, so sometimes finding where you need to go next can be an absolute chore. I remember one time I was looking for a specific room and it took me 10 minutes combing through google pictures to locate the damn thing. Aiming is incredibly difficult, to score headshots you need to let an enemy almost bite you half the time. As well, inventory management is a real chore, and while it adds a lot of challange to the game it becomes a chore constantly running back to a storage box. I really wish they gave an option to discard things like herbs or ammo, especially if you accidentally picked something up. Lastly, the cheesy voice acting is still here, and the lip sync with the words is HORRIBLE. Its wayyyyy off... why the hell didn't they fix that, I can't fathom.Pros------* Challanging gameplay* Still a classic* Graphics are gorgeous* Storyline is zany, but much more believable than later entries* Pretty darn long your first playthrough* Puzzles are cleverCons-----* Antequated gameplay, a lot of the systems don't hold up to the test of time, and some make the game harder by making it more annoying (like inventory management)* Lip sync is WAY off* No way to discard itemsOverall, I'd give it an 8/10. Call me sentimental, but this game is still awesome."
76561198106850177,Recommended,304240,14078722,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Psycho Pandas?,"Just buy it already if you havent.The game in General so far is good since it is pretty much the same plot as the old version except with a few changes to make it a bit longer and with the so called ""HD"" graphics. The ""HD"" is just a few more details added and the backgrrounds made more clear which is the same as the Resident Evil 4 port. Also if your computer isnt great it may not run at 60fps but at 30 fps which is what it was on gamecube so it isnt so bad.P.S if it runs in slow motion you probably have it locked at 60 fps which you go to options at the main menu and change it to 30fps.9/10 would bangWould bang anything though so..."
,Recommended,304240,21988595,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,"Sleepy Tsundere Space Bird (-?,)","If you weren't aware that this is the best survival (horror) game on Steam, you were ignorant. You know now, though. If you don't *think* it is, your brain must've been influenced by the T-Virus. Luckily for the rest of the world, I'm pretty great at headshots. And burning."
76561198014334139,Recommended,304240,14102273,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,CelticFrost,"What can i say about this game its resident evil HD meaning killing zombies & other cruel abominations in HD glory gore , for some this game will be hard if you are new to this series of gameplay , ie. manageing ur ammo , health , ink ribbons etc.Im hopeing they will re-make 2-3 , CV , & outbreak 1&2 into propper HD format."
76561197993626713,Recommended,304240,23593060,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NailDive,"After watching the news coming out of e3 2016, I got excited when I heard that it is going to be a big year of releases for the Resident Evil franchise. RE1 was the very first survival horror game I ever played way back in the days of PS1, and is pretty well single-handedly responsible for my love of the genre, and my measuring stick for other games that claim to belong there alongside it. There is no doubt that the Survival Horror genre is one of the largest in the industry, but like Metal music, I firmly believe that there are some key differences between Survival Horror, Thriller, Psychological Thriller, and plain Horror. I’m not going to write an anthropological essay on the nuances between them all, but suffice to say that I when I look at Dead Island, for instance, I see more in common with RE1 than I do with the likes of Penumbra or Outlast.One of the keys to a good Survival Horror for me, is the balance of resources and enemies. Resident Evil HD Remastered does this in a way that not only adds to the tension of the gameplay as you increase the difficulty, but completely changes the way that you have to play if you want to survive. For example, if you play through the Jill campaign on easy, you can kill every single monster you come across and still have enough ammo at the end to fire shots in the air like it’s the Wild-Wild West. If you swap to Chris on hard though, you’ll be bobbing and weaving like Ali, saving every bullet for only the most dire of situations. Likewise on easy, you’ll find so much herb that you can patch yourself up if you even get a mozzie bite, whereas on hard you’ll be weighing up how much you need to heal compared to how long ago your last save was. RE takes it a step further here too, even limiting how many saves you can have, which again, can add another degree of resource management to an already stressful situation.If you didn’t play the original, you’re probably wondering why a lot of people like me talk about RE being the original and best game in the genre? Well it’s pretty simple really (in my mind anyway): One, nobody seems to know about, “Alone In The Dark”. And two, you don’t know what’s around the next corner. Literally. Resident Evil is one of those games that did something truly unique and original, and did it well enough to spawn an entire generation of cult followers in the process. The first three (in terms of release date) games are shot in a frame-by-frame manner with fixed camera angles, essentially creating a game that is played in hundreds of hand-crafted scenes where the player can never get the full picture of what is happening, both literally and figuratively. Some of the best horror moments in Resident Evil HD Remastered result from little more than a fixed camera angle, and the sound of hurried footsteps over a carpeted floor.It really wouldn’t be right to review a remastered edition of a game without looking at some of the things that have been done differently, so here are some of the things I noticed:Obviously the graphics have been amped up to a more modern standard, with the lighting being the clear standout for me. Some of the balcony and basement scenes amazed me by how far things have come from the turn of the century. The rendering of some movable objects is still not 100%, but it’s a lot better than the original, and in some cases was not even noticeable. All-in-all though, the feel is much more in line with the Biohazard series now which has the effect of starting to tie everything together in a more comprehensive graphical style, as well as giving a whole new generation of gamers the opportunity to see where it all began, without having to play some horrible port that doesn’t do the game any justice.The remastering of the sound is very welcome. You could actually play without subtitles now if you wanted, whereas in the past doing so would mean that you would hear nothing but the music and the occasional, “Barry!”, or, “Chris!” (This actually really excites me considering that RE2 Remaster should drop this year, and I’ll actually be able to understand what Leon is saying). Best of all, are all the familiar tracks like, “Safe Room”, which have become as iconic to me as the track for the town of Tristram.The addition of Crimson Heads is a great success in my opinion. They fill a niche that was maybe over-compensated for by Cerberus’ and Hunters in the first edition, and add a whole other level of lethality to the regular Zombie which is an excellent surprise on the first playthrough. In fact, I spent two thirds of the first playthrough thinking that they may have replaced hunters with these things altogether! Part of me was disappointed at that, but for someone who had already played the original, I was also drawn in by it. I wanted to know why? I wanted to find that next set of research notes. I wanted to get to the bottom of what was going on in the mansion. And for me, THAT was a very subtle, yet very successful way of drawing an experienced player back into a story they thought they knew.There are new areas to explore!And lastly, defensive weapons have been added. Now for me this one is a little contentious, because I can’t decide whether it was a good or bad idea. On easy, for instance, they should not be allowed at all; You have more than enough healing items to counter for the odd bite or scratch. But on normal/hard, surely a, “shove”, button would have sufficed? Would it not be more realistic to just push a zombie in the chest with both hands, rather than fend it off with your off-hand (while avoiding being bitten, mind you), then pulling out a dagger or a taser (wtaf?) to deal with the intrusion of your personal space? However, I won’t deny that there was more than one occasion where I didn’t really feel like dying, and I was glad for my collection of ridiculously ornate, mass-produced, trusty daggers.All-in-all you’d be crazy not to play this game over if you’re a fan of the original. It’s prettier, sounds better, and best of all it gets you pumped up for what looks to be an awesome year for all of us who have followed the franchise from the beginning. It’s highly unlikely that you will be disappointed."
76561198003036772,Recommended,304240,14149395,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sloul,"Who would think that in 2015, one of my fav. game of all time, from Playstation 1, would hit the pc?In a remastered version?Well... I guess, it wasn't just me who had a soft spot for this gem.Resident Evil is... a gem. Although 3D was created before RE and Playstation, most video games at its time were constructed for 2D, and many 3D games of its generation resulted in catastrophies.The 3D was supposed to be the ''new gen'' at the time, supposed to render 2D obsolete, and new consoles like Playstation were supposed to bring this new generation of game to players.I think, many publishers or developpers, at the time, overlooked the quality of the game they produced, and were rushing into 3D.And probably also because supposely 3D would make their game cool.We know where it led, of course 80% of those games, are forgotten, because hideous, they had nothing to offer other than their brand-new 3 dimensional pixels.Few games, you remember: James Bond Golden Eye, Zelda Ocarina Of Time, and mother ♥♥♥♥ing Resident Evil.Those.Those games (sorry if I forgot your fav. 3D game of that time), were thought to be awesome games, and not just 3D games.All of them, brought something new to the table and could not have been the games they are without 3D.Resident Evil is also the first attemtp at a video game which scenario, atmosphere and action could rival movie production.When playing RE, I always thought I was playing an awesome movie like Alien, Alien 2, Predator, etc.The characters, the dialogues lines etc.Yes, looking at the game now, you can say that there are some aspects of its scenario which are ''funy'' or ''kitch'', but at the time, I ate it all. I loved it.But I could not play it alone, I had to play it with a friend, because alone I was horrified, and sometimes would froze to death.I admit, although time has passed, I am still ♥♥♥♥ing scared by this game.Awesome game even by 2015 standards."
76561197976260694,Recommended,304240,14079451,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zeally,10/10 Would excite Barry that way again
,Recommended,304240,28977028,Posted: 3 January,all,Xperimance,"Before Dark Souls there was Resident Evil. This game is tough and you'll find yourself dying more times than you can count. Apart from that, this is Resident Evil at its finest before it became more action-orientated. You'll probably get frustrated with the inventory system, but then again this is a survival horror so conserve as much as you can (including your saves)."
76561197961350154,Recommended,304240,14128429,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Whey,"This game just brought back so many memories , From playing when i was younger in my eyes the game is still great , the horror & the puzzels they suck you right in . the sound footsteps and all other things are still perfect and i have to say that i love that the  game is still a bitt grainy it holds that old feeling from when you first started to play .The downsite of the game is that even when you pause the game the clock keeps on going what makes it more difficult to get both achievements to finish the game under 5 or 3 hours except from that the game is still a ton of fun and i recommend it to everyone who loves the survival horror genre ."
,Recommended,304240,14078510,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Saint Satan,"Capcom Finally Does Something Smart...I have played and completed the original Playstation 1 Resident Evil (and 2 & 3) and the Gamecube remake when they came out 10+ years ago.  Resident Evil 1 is one of my favorite games of all time.  It holds a special place in my heart.  It got me into horror games when I was a child.  This is an excellent port (with some upgrades) of the Gamecube version.  First off, a controller is recommended for this.  If you're new to Resident Evil 1 be warned that this isn't like the newer games at all.  This is a true survival horror game and it can be quite a bit more diffcult than the newer games.  If you played the original Resient Evil and never played the Gamecube remake then this is a no brainer, buy it.  The only bug I have encountered is that the mouse cursor shows so you must move it to the corner.  Other than that everything is flawless.9/10 - my childhood in HDTANK CONTROLS OR GTFOJILL SANDWICH LOL XDhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/saintsatan"
76561198071482650,Recommended,304240,33446900,Posted: 10 July,all,Viking on the way to Zimbabwe,"IntroResident evil hd remaster is a survival horror game developed by Capcom and was released in 2015 it Is a remaster of the 2002 remake of the 1996 original resident evil.StoryIn resident evil you play as Either Chris Redfield or Jill Valentine, a member of Raccoon City’s STARS squad which gets sent to investigate murders on the outskirts of town, the team gets separated and eventually you end up in an abandoned mansion in the middle of a forest, from then on you explore the mansion looking for the rest of your squad as well as finding a way to escape, as well as trying not to get killed by the numerous zombies roaming around the mansion. I won’t say much more about the plot, overall I thought the story was quite interesting, and there is quite a good sense of mystery going on that kept me interested.GameplayGameplay revolves around you exploring the mansion, avoiding zombies, picking up items and supplies and solving puzzles to progress forward. I’ve never played a resident evil game before and I’ll be honest, when I first tried it I didn’t like it that much. However after giving it a second try I learnt the controls, and I took my time to understand the game mechanics I actually really enjoyed it. If you play the game on PC I highly recommend using a controller, you can select between two different control layouts, one is the original tank controls and one is a more updated control scheme that feels a bit more forgiving, I decided to use the tank controls as I feel it adds to the tension of it all. This game is pretty tough for a first timer even on the easy settings, there are zombies and monsters scattered throughout the mansion and you have to deal with them, however at the beginning supplies are very limited so you have to be careful not to use up all your ammo and health items and you also have a very small inventory size plus you can die very easily, but there are item boxes scattered throughout the world allowing you to manage your inventory. Saving is done through the use of ink ribbons and you also have a limited supply of them, however on the easy settings the game is very generous with how many ink ribbons you can find as well as the other supplies including ammo and health.The game forces the player to think about their surroundings and make smart decisions on how to progress forward, avoiding zombies completely and trying to run past can be a better strategy in the long run as you might need that ammo for later when you really do need it. If you do end up having to kill a zombie, just be sure to actually kill it, you can do this in two ways; either scoring a headshot or burning the corpse, a headshot is never guaranteed however and the kerosene used to burn zombies is also limited. The puzzles in the game aren’t too difficult and is usually just a case of remember what fits where. All these gameplay elements work well together to create an intense and somewhat frightening experience that is also highly enjoyable, once I got the hang of everything and I took it slow and methodically I really started to enjoy the game.GraphicsGraphically the game looks quite nice, with some very good use of lighting which adds to horror atmosphere of the game.Sounds and MusicThe sound and music of the game is fantastic. Hearing the groan of a zombie once you walk into a new room can strike a little bit of fear into you especially if you’re low on supplies. Hearing the ongoing thunderstorm outside the mansion adds to the atmosphere and the echoes of your own footsteps make the mansion feel like a real place. The music is quite dark and atmospheric adding to the tension of it all. Using headphones is a must in my opinionConclusionOverall I enjoyed the game a lot once I figured out all the game mechanics. The game took me around 15 hours to complete. I wouldn’t say its Silent Hill scary but it is still very atmospheric and tense experience and a highly enjoyable one. I’d say this game is a must play, take your time and learn the mechanics and it is a blast to play. There is also quite a bit of replayability with playing as the different characters and playing on the higher difficulty settings. Let’s hope they do an HD remake of Resident Evil 2 and 3."
76561197990925519,Recommended,304240,25386029,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hot Wings #MAGA,"In my opinion, best survival horror game ever made. Perfect."
,Recommended,304240,34329048,Posted: 18 August,all,DannyRodriguez,"REmake is one of the few games I am willing to call an undisputed masterpiece.A game has to tick certain boxes in order to get there and they have to nail one thing extremely well, be it story, theme or gameplay. I think REmake deserves a spot among the greats such as The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time and Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater because of its atmosphere. Dust particles through God rays in damp hallways and bugs crawling on the walls seen through meticulously placed camera angles makes the setting feel very creepy. You can almost feel the dirt and grime on your skin as you make your way through the mansion.I thought the use of 3D graphics in Resident Evil - Code: Veronica was a detriment to the gameplay since the camera moved too much and that made everything feel less deliberate. In REmake every 2D pre-rendered background feels like it has a purpose, be it to frighten you or to create atmosphere. I think Wesker is the coolest in this, always spouting badass action hero lines and the notes and memos found around the mansion makes the game feel like a spooky ghost story. Like a nightmare you can't wake up from.I don't often replay games but this game is so good I can see myself replaying it trying to use fewer saves and healing items, it's that good."
,Recommended,304240,14201451,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,twitch.tv/nickpai,still wondering to this day how people do no save speedruns on hardi couldn't even headshot the first zombie10/10 this game + no lights + headphones = ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pants
,Recommended,304240,14226605,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Beauty and The Brew,"Resident Evil / Biohazard HD REMASTER is exactly what you should expect from a remaster. Capcom managed to keep the original charm and horror that makes resident evil so memorable and improve on it without ruining or breaking the game. The features that are added to this classic are integrated so well that you would think it is a part of the original game and really gives the game new life. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan or has never played the original ""survivor horror."" I would really love to see a remaster of RE 2, 3, and CVX for PC.1/28/15 - After playing this game my entire body feels burning and itchy at night. When I was scratching the swelling on my arms, a lump of rotten flesh dropped off. What the hell is happening to me?1/29/15 - Fever gone but itchy. Hungry and eat doggy food. Itchy Itchy Scott came. Ugly face so killed him. Tasty.Itchy.Tasty."
76561198024643982,Recommended,304240,14209139,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Phale,Great remaster reminds me of when i was a kid proper soiling myself wile playing this game almost 20 year old and still puts all the new resident evil games to shame....
76561198047685041,Recommended,304240,30171299,Posted: 25 February,all,Boosted,"One of the best classic suvivral horror Resident Evil game. My very first playthough took me like 23 hours lol and I was very clueless on where to go. Going through each corridors, solving each puzzle and killing zombies is really worth the time. Also if you were to beat this game in under 3 hours, you will be able to unlock a infinite rocklet launcher which basically one shot any enemies in this game. I recommend this game to anyone who likes single player with puzzle solving mechanic. I give this game a 9/10 ratings.P.S. Managed to beat hard difficulty for both Chris and Jill in under 3 hours. Maybe in the future, I'll play the other game mode Invisible enemies and Real survival."
,Recommended,304240,30671337,Posted: 22 March,all,Paladeus,"I bought this game when it first came out on the Playstation 1, then again on Steam for a) the higher graphics (barely,) and b) the nastalgia.Pro's:It opens up not unlike the movie, by infiltrating somewhere and then figure out what is going on, what those that they're infiltrating are up to and what happened are certainly different things.There are plenty of SURPRISE in your face moments, and a lot of quiet moments, as well.I'll be honest enough to admit my friend, who lived across the road at the time, played with us until well past nightfall and didn't want to go home alone. When we turned off the porch light, the girlish scream of terror was awesome. So this will always have a spot in my heart because of that.Cons:The graphics are still not very good, though certainly decent for their time. A bit like Final Fantasy 8 or so. Almsot everything is static like FF8, anyway.The game is a 'dark' game, which is to say thre's very little actual light in the gme, likely for the ambiance. Thus, playing in a darker room or with higher contrast is a must, though the former would certainly be more fun.Controls are wonky as heck. I don't know if it was using my USB game pad (identical to a Playstation controller) or if it's the import from console to PC, or even if it was that bad originally which I confirmed wasn't the case with my original copy, but controls sucked hairy, sweaty bum. It's like the characters run around on a slightly turned grid. It isn't up/down and left/right, but diagonals.Overall 6/10 (-1 controls, -1 NOT improved graphics as promised or simply slightly better to being only barely noticable, -1 seeming reliance on the jump out of nowhere to scare you factor for the primary fear of the game rather than any sort of actual update and finally, -1 for game being almost too easy. Example, items you need to continue shine brightly like the gems at the beginning.) - I'd still recommend it for anyone from that age of gaming that enjoyed the game style. Otherwise, not really. If possible, choose something like Parasite Eve in place of it, or one of the newer Final Fantasies or the myriad of other FPS's. But if you liked the game originally, again, you'll probably be satisfied with this. If it weren't for the wonky controls, I'd certainly be at it right now instad of Dead Space 1.-Paladeus"
,Recommended,304240,14078169,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SEPHi27 sieur de Catlady,"At home, I have got a surprise IT IS simply PER'FECTIn 7 steps :- 1080P- 60FPS- 5.1 sound system- smooth (no variation with FRAPS seen) with my old ATI/AMD HD6850 graphic card (since the game tells you to have a 6950 to play 720p)- even cut scenes (videos) are reprocessed properly- real steam achievementsFINAL:- The game as how you always wanted to play itI go play more feeling that almost lost gameplay survival experience"
,Recommended,304240,23667073,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,WRLCK.IamDinosaur,"Resident Evil Remake Remastered is a survival horror game, created by Capcom and the director is the father of survival horror himself, Shinji Mikami (Creators of Resident Evil Zero - 4, The Evil Within and Vanquish). This game is a remastered or reworked, placing with high quality textures, volumetric lighting, shadows and other graphics fidelity related improvements (animation and the character details, more so). It's the same Resident Evil Remake from Gamecube. To be honest, I have never played the Gamecube version, I played the Playstation version and it's massive difference between Gamecube and Playstation version. Other than that, it is the same Gamecube version with better graphical changes. The gameplay is still the same old classic; item management, riddles to solve, exploration, heavy backtracking, fixed camera angles to create suspense at every corner and ammo conservative. The game is still scary, even I got jumped out of my seat when the dog came into the window (Oh, that classic jumpscare still got me XD). There are some technical issues, where the background music keeps cutting out for a second (it happens rarely, so it's not a big deal), the movement controls changed due to fix camera angle changes and the controls for PC are not recommended (I think you can change the controls if you can but aiming is annoying though). Other than that, it's a great survival horror game, I miss these kind of survival horror games. There are multiple endings to get an outcome based on your choice you have made.+ Pros+ Same Resident Evil from Gamecube+ Graphics are great+ Riddles are fun to solve (Sometimes I can be stupid at times where the answers are simple as a pie if not analysing carefully, so guides are welcome. Even though I didn't use guides during my first playthrough)+ Replayability (You can play as Chris or Jill)+ Controller supported (Changing the controls output are always welcome, I wish you can change the buttons)- Cons- Keyboard and Mouse are not recommended (You have to use A and D button to pan while you are aiming down with your gun and I mostly play this game on controller)- Audio Lag (It's a rare glitch or seldom I guess)- Movement controls are changed due to fix camera angle changesFor the final review, I definitely recommend this game if you are an old Resident Evil fan like myself (whether Playstation or Gamecube version). I am hoping there will be a survival horror game like this. The item management, riddles to solve, heavy backtracking, exploration, fix camera angles to create a suspense moments. I am hoping that the next Resident Evil game brings back to its roots. The issues are not game breaking or anything, it's just the movement controls are frustating. This game is 9 out of 10, a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,304240,14078611,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,MijMoj,So blown away by this port. Ever since this came out on gamecube I have dreamt of running it in HD @ 60 FPS. (But probably not)         I am in my glory. Thank you so much for this ;']
,Recommended,304240,14138336,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Vulf,"""Hey, you're a Resident Evil fan too? Nice. What do you think of REmake?""""Oh, you mean Director's Cut. Yeah I thought it was ok.""No, I don't mean Director's Cut, I mean REmake, on Gamecube. Arguably the best game in the entire Resident Evil series, and it's been out for 13 f**king years.""Uh well, I don't have a Gamecube...""A Gamecube costs less than $20 on Amazon right now, but whatever. You don't have that excuse anymore, now that it's available on PC and Current-Gen systems. If people had bought and supported this game, and not RE4, there is a strong possibility that the Resident Evil series would not be Dead right now.No more bulls**t, get it and play it. It's an amazing game, remastered and it runs great."
,Recommended,304240,14079318,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,spectro,2spooky4me 10/10 would buy again
76561197965481428,Recommended,304240,14078167,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ПƗǤĦŦM₳ɌƐ,"A classic masterpiece i am so happy this has came out, one of the best resident evil games period. Now its on most systems for everyone to play when u couldnt back then. Also may i add the Pc port is amazing and capcom really did nice work on this ofcourse i shouldnt have to explain the story or gameplay because most people have played it, i would highly recommend this game.Also we could see a real return to survival/horror is resident evil which sounds excellent to me i mean yeah it can have some action but not constant amounts to where u feel like a invincible badass it ruins the tension and scares.i rate this game a 9/10"
76561198092829352,Recommended,304240,14100471,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dablife,"In love with this game. Played all the original RE's and this remake is a perfect addition. Game runs perfect at 60fps on a LG TV in 1080p from my LAPTOP, and using a DS4 controller. Specs: i7 4810 @2.8GHz, 16GB RAm, gtx 980m 8GB, HDD.  Cant wait for Resident Evil 2, and 3 to be remade!!! Would forget quest items in chest again, 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14738208,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Extreme Alex,Best remake EVER!!!Capcom please remake RE Zero and Code Veronica PLZ!!
,Recommended,304240,14129871,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tulpar1988,First of all port is perfect i can smoothly play 1080p and 60 fps without any problem.New control scheme suits the game very well and graphics is fine especially character models.But enviroment is not that much good.Its the best survival horror ever if you ask me and if you havent played this anywhere you should definitely buy this game.If you already played it you can wait for summer sale probably it will go with %50 discount but 19.99$ is a pretty good price if you ask me.If you waited for the game like me dont afraid to buy  this game  since its not lıke resident evil 4 hd port it doesnt have any problems you can start playing today :)Have fun allThank you Capcom for bringing a legend back for us :)
76561198161501529,Recommended,304240,27829301,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"I remember being a little wee boy and playing this on ps1 early saturday mornings because of how much I used to get scared while playing it, what do you expect I was 7 (im not 27, i was just really poor). Anyways, this is definitely a MUST BUY for any horror fans out there. And for those who've played it already, I must tell you that the remaster makes it look EXACTLY like how you imagined it to be when you played it 20 years ago. You will have a blast time playing this and will get immersed in its universe, it is the perfect mix of story, gameplay and horror."
76562168028223023,Recommended,304240,30669970,Posted: 22 March,all,Profile Name,It is a very good remaster. The controls work fine and I had no lags nor crashes. The game itself is a fine survival-horror game with puzzles in a mansion and some extra areas.
,Recommended,304240,27211417,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nexcoyocoatl,"If you haven't played the 1996 Resident Evil, please, at least try it. The experience is way better if you remember the old mansion and it's old scares and puzzles.I still don't know how they did it, but Capcom managed to make the best remake of a game ever. I realize it's a subjective opinion, but I guess everyone who played the original had a blast when playing this one.It did what a remake should do, in my opinion, and went beyond. They remade all the graphics and audio, added new rooms while changing the design of others, included a side story that unravels as you play it and remade some puzzles while tweaking others and adding new ones. All the while, playing with expectations of players of the first one.It's the same old school Resident Evil survival horror, but with added unexpected challenges and not as cringy dialogue. In my opinion, compared to the original, the bosses are easier, but the whole game is harder.Inventory and ammo management, puzzles and manual limited saves are the staples of this series first generation so, if you don't like any of those, it's better if you skip it.The only bad thing about this version is some the backgrounds. While Resident Evil 0 had the beautiful bagrounds rerendered at a higher resolution, this one had the original 2002 backgrounds upscaled, and it's really jarring, because they also put some really bad filters on it.Warning, though. If you have a weak CPU, it might play at a low frame rate, because of the strange way that it renders the upscaled backgroungs in lower monitor resolutions."
,Recommended,304240,28737860,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kenn eh D,"Brilliant! I'd pay 60$ for this straight up. this game is beautiful, immersive, challenging, and Sp0o0oky. If you loved resident evil on the ps1 but never played the remake on gamecube do yourself a favor and play this! if you never have played resident evil or have only played the more action oriented resident evils start out with this one with a TRUE survival horror experience!"
,Recommended,304240,14374937,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,EschewObfuscation,"It's a rare thing as a gamer to enjoy a game as much as RE. It manages to capture so many genres into a category of its own that we now call ""survival-horror"". It succeeds despite its flaws, and is a gem that begs you to replay it and explore every nook and cranny, even after all these years. I consider myself lucky that I never got to play the gamecube version, because I was able to experience the new twists, better dialog, and enjoy the ""I don't remember it being like this"" moments that come along (but perhaps not often enough) in a more modernized  graphical quality.Let me first explain that I love the original PSX title. I have many fond memories playing this game with my best friend when we were in middle school, the all-nighter sessions with the lights off, trying to be quiet to not wake up his mom, and sometimes failing because that hunter came out of nowhere and lopped off our head. The nostalgia alone makes this worth paying $50 for the remake, and to get it for $20 feels like a steal. I also bought and played the Directors Cut on the PSX, so I have truly played this game through and through. Having been over 15 years since my last play though felt like playing it for the first time in many ways, aside from still remembering most of the puzzles. It's amazing how engrained some things become in an avid gamers mind, even after a decade.This game hits the mark on so many points, I can't begin to explain it and do justice to my experience. This is what survival horror is supposed to be. RE2 and 3 should be revisited and remastered as well (the same way or better than this one would be nice). The heart of this series is 1-3, and they deserve to be replayed after all these years. Capcom really screwed the pooch with everything after 3. I remember not liking 3 as much as the first 2 but that is a huge standard to meet after 2 improved on everything about the first game. I went back and played 3 again and realized how much I love that one as well, what I really hated about it was that it didn't advance the storyline from 2, only telling the other side of the 2 storyline in Racoon City. Capcom needs to finish the story line for real. Because waiting for the continuation from the RE2 cliffhanger feels like waiting for HL3... You just realize that the company is only interested in spitting in your face and making games they think you want. When You really want the next part of the story. Don't get me wrong, RE4 was fun, but it wasn't an RE game really, it was a fun departure that forgot about what made RE the true survival horror series. It might be too late for Capcom to turn back the past, but it's never to late for RE2-Part 2...All that aside, RE HD is worth every cent and more, and if they give RE2 and 3 the same treatment, TAKE MY MONEY PLEASE!"
,Recommended,304240,14507521,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,satsun,"If you wonder why so many people complain about the action level of the newer Resident Evil games, then this is the Resident Evil game for you. This is the original Resident Evil with visuals that should be bearable even for younger generations.There are no highlighted waypoints or bulleted quest lists in this game. Be aware that you will need to read documents that you collect and solve puzzles in order to proceed through the game or to make your life easier. I think that one of the best parts of the games is that you're not bombarded by a seemlessly infinite number of enemies. Use your resources (healing items and ammunition) wisely and choose your paths based on how they may affect your resources. There will be backtracking so pay attention to the environment so you know what you may need to bring along.I didn't have any technical problems with the game. No crashes and the audio and visual experience was good.Do know that the game's difficulty levels are basically Normal, Easy, and Very Easy; I didn't think about this, played through on Easy and ended up missing out on the final boss fight; I didn't know that would happen. I suppose I need to play on Normal difficulty to get the final boss fight.tl;dr: This is a classic and an extremely well-done port and definitely worth the initial price."
,Recommended,304240,14206720,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chompski,Great remaster!!! Absolutely love it - Not loving the audio sync though please fix capcom!!!
,Recommended,304240,14212401,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,4x4=12,"I am a true, long-time fan of the entire RE franchise. (despite everything they made after RE 3 on playstation1). This game is one of the most beautiful surprises I've EVER had.In truth, I was expecting a lame money-grabbing re-coloring of the original game, simply because I kinda lost faith in the RE franchise after seeing all the ""FPS"" crap.So - one can only imagine my surprise after buying and trying THIS game... It is AMAZING. it completely threw me back to the time when I first entered the mansion, and realised what kind of a game Resident Evil actually is!I have only just tried it out (while I am writing this I only have 1.2 hrs in-game) but it is extremely obvious to me, that RE HD REMASTER is a GREAT way for the Capcom crew to show respect to their old-school fans. Especially after driving the RE franchise name to the ground (my personal opinion, wont't mention it any more).So, all in all - the game get's a 9.5/10!! Only issue for me were the controls (running only), because sometimes, when the camera angle changes, you get turned around and start running back from the direction you came from. It can be easily neutralised by simply relesing W A S or D and then tapping the one you need to keep running in the same direction.Get this game, you will LOVE IT!!"
76561198007343376,Recommended,304240,14214550,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pontifex015,A damn good game. Nostalic feelings all over the place. I really liked it and should have if you like the survival horror gerne. Resident Evil at its best. I hope they also make a remasterd edition of Resident Evil Zero and a remake of part 2 and 3. Those are the orriginal games with the best story. After that......... I don't call it Resident Evil annymore......
,Recommended,304240,14078428,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,sharpunforgiven,"Well, I plugged in the xbox controller ready to play and then the video stopped or rather it lagged as the audio remained unchanged. Once I started the game (by which I mean starting moving the character), there was a 1 to 1.5 second lag between my input commands and the action on the screen. I must implore everyone who hasn't bought this game yet and intends to, check you system requirements. As it is, I meet the recommended requirements but once it started lagging, I thought my nostalgia had doomed me. If anyone is experiencing this problem and had it resolved please share the knowledge with all who seek it."
,Recommended,304240,14211603,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"buy it! even if you've beat it, buy it!. this way they will remake the other resident evil games...re2? re3? re0? code veronica? dead aim? etc.i have beat the entire game with chris, and am right there at the end with jill.PROS:---------------------------------------------------------------2 different characters that you can play as but with different stories that are similar and fit together for the most part. each story is in the same place but has different puzzles, enemy locations, story events, etc. this adds replay value.limited ammo.improved graphics.improved environments.controls can be changed. either classic tank controls or more modern day controls.i had no lag issues/lag spikes.no glitches or errors that i've noticed.boss fights.the upgraded graphics really bring out the creepyness of the mansion. i loved the original resident evil on ps1, loved the remake on 2, but this....this is amazingCONS:NONE, nothing at all. so buy it!!!BUY IT!!!!"
76561198153719380,Recommended,304240,30873785,Posted: 1 April,all,Eagle_Has_Landed,"Honestly, this game is truly a gem that new comers and veterans to the series will enjoy. Not only did this game bring my attention to the Resident Evil series, it also fueled my interest in the survival horror genre as well. From puzzles to monsters, torocket launchersand aJill Sandwich, this game is a must have as a classic to own. 11/10. :)"
,Recommended,304240,23908647,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fabio Turquetti,10/10Awesome!
,Recommended,304240,14086010,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,So much memories brought back to me playing this masterpiece agian and also those monets where i was clutching my toes into the carpet when  i heard the moans and growls from the darkness of the mansion. This is a game that will get you everytime if your not ready and god i thought i was ready for those fans of the game get ready for the new real surivival mode it will be the most challanging mode in this resident evil reboot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Works on wins 8.1 / 7
76561198081043975,Recommended,304240,23640388,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sully,"The gold standard for all Survival Horror games. From now until the end of time, the remake of the original Resident Evil (this one i'm reviewing right now) will be held up against all others in it's genre as the be-all-end-all pinnacle of survival horror entertainment. It's just perfect in literally every way- it's controls are tight, gameplay fine tuned and polished to a mirror sheen, perfectly paced and constructed around the players thoughts and actions (and a few gags at the expense of the expectations of the original PS1 RE1 players) and back on the GC it looked absolutely beautiful, with excellent animations and beautiful, pre-rendered backgrounds.  It's a highly rewarding experience to play this game, as well, as it's one of the games where you can feel yourself getting better at it. An average playthrough will take 9 or so hours, but consequtive ones will only take about 5, and if you're really good, 3. It feels great to blast through the game like this, and the action, amazing atmosphere and fantastic game design still hold up to this day as not only the pinnacle of the entire Survival Horror genre, but also as a damn excellent game.For $20, you get a lot of bang for your buck.The only really bad thing is that the HD uprezzing on a lot of the background art looks pretty bad at times, especially on moving backgrounds with lights. Despite that, this is easily worth $20 or less, and it's a great game every survival horror fan should play."
,Recommended,304240,29415603,Posted: 21 January,all,junping95,"I was resident evil fan and start to touch RE series game since year 2012. I recommend you to play both RE 0 and RE 1 remake cuz they are the pure survival horror game i ever played. Trust me, you will addict to it if you start to play it as well. l really cant wait for RE 2 remake and RE3 remake !!!"
,Recommended,304240,15181802,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,CouthInk4,As much as i sucked at Resident Evil.. and never got past the first level. It's still fun as hell! If you played it on the original Playstation then you'll enjoy the HD remake.. the creaotrs even included the features they originally removed from the original version.. so you'll enjoy a hard experience.Buy it.. play it... and prepare to die in Raccoon City!
,Recommended,304240,18896559,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Counter-Life™,"This game is an absolute masterpiece, in every sense of the word. It's probably the best Resident Evil game up to date, almost everything is how it should be. Great atmosphere, slow paced and well thought through gameplay including fixed camera angles and highly limited items.Puzzles play a main role in this game, with enemies being a constant threat to your survival while you wander through the great Spencer Mansion, probably one of the best game settings ever.A great soundtrack accompanies the player through the game, further increasing the immersion of the game.Story-wise this game is nothing new, and it dosen't have to be: We got Chris, Jill, Barry, Rebecca and of course Wesker all in one game, RE fans can't ask for more. The somewhat cheesy voice acting returns as well.The only two negative points I would like to mention are, firstly, the ""new"" control scheme. It feels out of place for a RE game, as you have to readjust your thumbstick every time the camera angle switches. So my advice: Stick to tank controls!Secondly, some backgrounds do look blurry compared to others (Aqua Ring being the best example for this).Some people also reported slowdown problems during cutscenes and a few other bugs. Can't say much about that, since the game runs butter smooth for me.Conclusion:One of the best games ever made, Resident Evil HD REMASTER takes the 2002 Gamecube REmake, polishes it and let's us relive the terror of Resident Evil in it's purest form.9.5/10from my side."
76561197992828613,Recommended,304240,14132115,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Goofy,"I loved it again, brought back great memories and created new one with the remaster."
,Recommended,304240,14079161,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sugarloaf Stickybuns,"A game where even you, the master of unlocking can almost become a Jill sandwich."
,Recommended,304240,27150542,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FLIXSO,Feels like the first day i played it on the ps1https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwYu-LOXAWQ
76561198067340548,Recommended,304240,14078372,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,RED,"-Constant 60 fps so far.-NO LOADING PAUSES between scene transitions (aka camera angle change)-Backgrounds are looking amazing so far.Will be posting full review when i finish the game.FULL REVIEWGraphics  8/10-Some backgrounds looks stunning and better than the original. While others doesn't look so good with this waterpaint effect they added in the 2D pre-rendered images. It still maintains the atmosphere of the game and it's pretty well done though. The addition of new areas outside of the mansion (compared to the original) is phenomenal. The addition of High Resolution Shadows and Anti Aliasing are very good too. There are some problems with Aspect ratio, but nothing major. You can set your own resolution in the config,ini file.Gameplay 10/10-The same golden gameplay from the old Resident Evil titles. You'll be selecting from 2 characters (Jill or Chris) and go venture HELL through the Spencer Mansion with limited ammo, saves, health itens and inventory space. The gameplay is so much more smooth now in this version compared to the original (especially with the PC exclusive 60 fps feature) that it looks almost photorealistic.A few features were added like the new Defensive weapons and burning bodies. It adds very much to the already great original gameplay. If you're not familiar with the original RE gameplay, there is a modern control scheme just for you scrub.The puzzles and progression resembles the ones from the Original, but they had been completely rearranged. It is a reimagination that will please both oldschool fans and newcomers. It is worth mentioning that Remake and the spencer mansion is way...WAY darker than the original.Sound  9.0/10-All of the sound effects are great. Incluiding weapon's sound effects which are loud enough to satisfy you after a zombie head gets exploded. Menus, zombies moaning and creatures roar... theyr're all great. I'm giving this a 9 simply because of a problem affecting all of the versions of Resident Evil REmastered. Some of the music files are speeded up compared to the original, but thankfully to PC modding community you can find a fix for that.Also, like the original...the music and mansion themes cuts out too much by going through new rooms. This can be a little bit annoying as sometimes you will only hear 3 seconds of the music because you will be entering the other rooms with no music at all.The voice acting, while not as hilarious as the original, still gives you plenty of smiles. On the other side, it takes things more seriously this time and it adds to the horror atmosphere which is way darker in the Remake.Plot  10/10-Now the plot was the main surprise for me. This must be the very first Resident Evil game to push the ""jump scare"" horror a little bit further to the next level: Psychological horror. I will not spoil anything here, but you will find a particular family's story in this version to be very...very disturbing. Expect some sadness. All of the plot from the original is still present too.Final Veredict: 9.2 / 10.+Surpassed my expectations. Better than the original. Sits now in my top 3 RE titles.- Some rooms looks mediocre and pixelated with the waterpaint filter.Replay value: 100% As not only there are 2 characters with different features and progression, but there are new modes which gets unlocked when you first beat the game too."
,Recommended,304240,14092495,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Delta,"This game may be a remake of a remake, but that doesn't mean it can't still be scary. I about filled my pants after the first zombie introduction. GabeN watch over me![Edit]: It has recently come to my attention that there are breast physics on Jill. I can confirm this claim and assure you that I am very much aroused when I play as her.Barry Burton - sexually attracted to handguns+1 REP to Capcom"
76561198000813885,Recommended,304240,26100836,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ImmortaLeader,">>>THERE ARE NO SPOILERS HERE, READ WORRY FREE<<<Every once in a while, i pick up a franchise & i play all it's titles one after another in a short time.This way i compare the games in details & analyze the story.About 22 days ago i started the resident evil franchise.I played resident evil HD on steam for 1 hour and it just didn't feel like a game somehow.So i played resident evil 1 director's cut which is available on PSN.Then i played resident evil 2 then 3 then code veronica X.Then i played resident evil zero HD on steam and it felt so weired that after 30 min i restarted the game on easy. And i just played it for the story.Untill i play the un-HD original version on gamecube i feel like i didnt play evil zero.If you want why i am against the HD versions go check evil zero HD review.Sadly evil 1,2,3 and code veronica are not available on steam, but there are windows versions available.But i still encourage you to play the PS versions, which are more balanced.But i have to admit when i played evil zero on steam, as much as the HD version was bad, the mouse + keyboard felt so much nicer.And the monsters looked really scary on 4k.----Here i will review evil 1,2,3 and code veronica !I review evil zero HD on it's own page.---RESIDNET EVIL 1 :Whenever i think about games, i always think of the very first one !Because in the first game the person who create the game will make very basic rules about the game.And he or she will do so with having so many many other things in mind.And when later games come, the person who created that game will lack some of these knowledge.And this will lead to making stuff in the game that just looks like the original one but lacks meaning and depth.>>> LET ME EXPLAIN :In claiming to be a survival horror game the developer had everything in mind to give the player the right feeling.We all play the evil games running around the entire map 10 times to find a door we forgot about,or an item we missed or a place to put our newly acquired item.We end up looking at guides to get the answer to a puzzle and etc...But get this, if you actually assume the role of a cop in an investigation, looking at everything in details...Remembering every corner of the map, summarizing what you did and did not do, this will not happen.Thinking before you do something in the game is really important, being poisened, being traped, getting stuck,losing items are all risks to take...Of course there is the risk of death too, which due to not being able to save whenever you want,will teach you by making you jump to some time behind in your gameplay...Sure we would like more item space, but if you think and play at the same time, you wont need more item space !!!Now see all these little detailes are synced in evil 1 but with every title that you move forward it get's less balanced...The first resident evil has a very nice story for it's time, not that many twists, but not many NEEDED !!!I give resident evil 1 : 9/10---RESIDENT EVIL 2 :This is perhaps the best resident evil between the ones i stated earlier.The game stands out as it has so much story to offer, new improved graphics and a little better aiming than the first one.You can play the first game with your selected character(Chris or Jill), but in evil 2 you will play both characters, each after another.If you didnt understood me, THE GAME OFFERS SO MUCH STORY TO TELL with many twists.In this game in my opinion everything is synced the way it should just like the first one !P.S : i saw this picture on instagram that was split in half :The first half showed a cheeseburger as a meal (compaired to a game) and the fries and the salad and cola were DLC ! marked TODAY GAMES !The second half showed all the stuff together plus extra oninion rings, marked OLD GAMES !Now picture a cheeseburger and salad and cola and onion rings with an extra pizza, THAT IS RESIDENT EVIL 2 !I give resident evil 2 : 9.1/10---RESIDENT EVIL 3 :Evil 3 just follows the story of jill escaping raccoon city and features a new 180 degree turn as a new gameplay element.The graphics are again improved once more. And the game mostly takes place outdoors unlike the previous evils.I give resident evil 3 : 8.9/10---RESIDENT EVIL CODE VERONICA X :This is not the HD version or anything but there is an original RESIDENT EVIL CODE VERONICA(which i know nothing about) !!!This is the first somewhat next gen evil game since the first 3 were all on the same engine.And due to this it's the first evil game that start to improve new stuff and failes at some points.For example all the typewriters where you can save the game in previouse evils are located at well thought locations for good reasons.In code veronica the typewriters are almost at completely random locations with no reason.There are more of these unbalanced stuff in the game but the game still runs very good.The animation of the main character's movement claire is AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL... !!!All you see the entire game is either her♥♥♥♥♥♥bouncing around or her♥♥♥♥♥bouncing left and right, and not good either !The game reveals SO MUCH about the story of the evil franchises, i mean if you are into evil games and wanna know the story, YOU MUST PLAY CODE VERONICA !!!You play the game in 2 parts, both as claire redfield and then you play a third time as chris. Another example of how much old games used to offer.The story has so many good twist and explains so much and is really good.I give this game : 8.5/10---For the review of resident evil zeo HD, check it out under it's own gamei will review the rest of the resident evil games soon enough too...reviewed by IMMORTALEADER !"
,Recommended,304240,15885421,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tavi Is Back You Guys,Key Finding SimulatorDon't die.
,Recommended,304240,18718802,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,水流くん,"Resident Evil has been my favorite game series since I played Resident Evil 5 a few years ago. Then I saw this game and its reviews, people being exited about a remaster and saying ""it's  best RE title to date!"" Of course I had to pick it up!In the main hall I was already spooked by the omnious feeling you get, and it only got worse from there. I was forcing me into rooms I knew there might have been a trap or zombies in, it was scary but it was also fun and rewarding at the same time.The fantastic music certainly helped getting into the feeling that the mansion is eerie and that it lurks dangers around every corner. I'm not much for horror games and I'm easily frightened. But playing through this game was the worst and best experience I've had in a RE title thus far.Now I know what the latest RE titles are missing - the HORROR!CAPCOM please make more Resident Evil games like this,the low zombie count, the precious ammo, wandering around in a spooky mansion infested with monsters, it's pure gold!10/10 - You should definitly try it out! :D"
,Recommended,304240,14083389,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,new,Hardcore and immersiveDied for the 3rd zombiekilled the 2nd zombie and i was without bullets10/10
76561198101652558,Recommended,304240,20625863,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,OG Huffmiester,"Spooky Open-House Simulator 1996 HD Remake 2015 Game of the Decade Edition. In this wonderful game, you rather play as a fit gentleman, or a ""master unlocker"" woman who browse around a spooky yet very well kept house, probably because they would like to purchase it. Very early in the game you realize that the character in which you are playing *spoiler alert* IS A MURDERER!!! You are forced to just randomly kill a gentleman who was simply trying to have dinner in his small alcove. After you've stabbed him to death, you are then forced to return to your comrades, probably to run from the police, but they have mysteriously disappeared. The only way to find your friends is to brave the very boring open house in which you find several more gentlemen to stab/shoot, several hours walking around realizing there was a ♥♥♥♥ing door there the entire time, and ""petting"" several puppies who like windows. 10/10 would open house again."
76561198078667677,Recommended,304240,15206727,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Evokes,"One word can descirbe this game... Nostaglic. I got giddy with exciment over the memories I had for this game. Memories aside, the controls and camera angles have not aged well over time. Frustatration ensued as I died mulitple times due to poor camera angles... Regardless this is a must have for any zombie and RE enthusiast. A fun game to play through with viewers as well for any live streamer. I give it 6/10 Beard Hairs"
,Recommended,304240,31602378,Posted: 7 May,all,Lancelote,BUY THIS GAME! but be aware that is a heavy game! you will need a good pc! BUT IT IS FREAKING AWSOME!!
76561197976637107,Recommended,304240,17923290,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Mr.Miyagi,"Brings back childhood memory, first survival horror game that I've ever owned.  It's a bit sad that due to my laptop can't support the full HD graphics, therefore it's a bit laggy (delayed FPS) when it was first released.  But capcom had promptly come out with a solution that majority of the players that shared my problem can enjoyed this classic game"
,Recommended,304240,14081355,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ANT1-HERO,"Was hesitant to buy, but glad I did. Excellent remake, would be great if they could bring MGS:Twin Snakes to steam."
76561198043377853,Recommended,304240,25704172,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,LeoNogueira,This is a Classic!!!!! ++++
,Recommended,304240,27934719,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ryudo,"Easily one of the best remakes out there. This is how a company should remake a game, and not turn it into a completely different one. REmastered has completely revamped graphics from the original PSX version, and they also added in different kinds of controls. (Tank vs. free movement). The game itself is still one of the best in the Resident Evil series, with some of the best story content. It has everything, scare-moments, plot twists, puzzles, intense action scenes, and even cheesy 'Jill-sandwich' parts! All in all, this game is definitely worth spending time and playing."
,Recommended,304240,29993331,Posted: 17 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,REmake 2 isn't out yet so play this until it gets releasedProb the best Resident Evil as this is where it all beganEnter the Survival Horror
,Recommended,304240,14369517,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SpoonSauce,Glorious!  Revisiting my childhood in HD was worth every penny.A polished remake which makes me wonder why the hell they don't do the second game like this.
,Recommended,304240,14083756,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Anguish,"""I hope this is not Chris's blood"""
,Recommended,304240,14445562,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Fidzsyiah,"Honestly, i didn't expect this game to be great despite the remade was originally made for the nintendo gamecube! I'm so thankful to make this purchase.The controls are a bit wanky at first especially on the new alternative control method since am not used to it. After spending 20hrs..i'd say that i didnt regret spending time and money on this. You will get hang of the controls after a while. Gamepad is recommended for fast play. If u wish to use the keyboard, the original control is the way.In  terms of graphics, i'd say its quite a good looking game. Though some areas the background is a little bit blurry, but i wouldn't sweat it.Gameplay is still a classic resident evil with multiple camera angles and limitation of saves and bullets. Which is pretty challenging. There are quite a few unlockables which is pretty interesting.The sound is where it falls short. I've purchased this on PS4 as well and the 5.1 is amazing for PS4. But on the PC, its good but  not as great as the PS4 version. Voice acting and dialogues are still a little bit weak..good thing they don't talk much! LOL!Overall..i enjoyed  the game..and can't wait to try for the 5th time. There are few slowdowns, but if u are playing with Nvidia GTX 560 and above..or AMD 7870 and above,shouldnt be much of problem! Overall! 9/10!"
,Recommended,304240,14324430,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Belial 20XX,"I have to say I have this game on ps1, Dreamcast, GCN as well as this new version. The GCN holds up well to this version but with Mods and increasing image quality via boosting res past the caps, make tthis game the defacto version to have. It is a great game and I suggest all of us. You, my self and every person we can get to spm capcom to remaster 2,3 CVX and RE0 for PC. I own multiple copies for multiple systems and I feel capcom should do this. The kind need to to make up for past crimes we won't name.Return to the roots and remast from the ground up parts 2 and 3 to look as should. Imagin playing RE2 and 3 with the presentation and style of this great remaster.I will say capcom needs to patch this game. they should add more video setting options. Mods should not be needed for me to use my rigs full potential. they could also increase the pre-rendered back drops graphic quality on this game a bit to make it look less like a green screen from a scifi movie in the 80s.Overall great start and I hope we all can do this and get capcom to do the others a great justice they deserve. RE 2,3 cvx and 0 all on pc running at the max your pc can go is a good thought that brings warm fuzzy feelings to my nostalgia."
,Recommended,304240,14154371,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sailor Moon,"When I first played the Gamecube remake, I was blown away by what an amazing job they did with it. For people like myself who had played the original game until they knew every room inside and out, it was a beautifully re-worked nostalgic trip down memory lane that also managed to throw in a few twists, surprises, and some completely new stuff to keep us on our toes.Now, 13 years after it's original release (with a little help from it's superbly detailed graphical overhaul), it still stands up as a brilliant gane, and perhaps the best RE title in the series to date. If you want to experience the true meaning of survival horror and want to see why most fans of the series want RE to return to it's roots, add this gem to your collection."
,Recommended,304240,14178914,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Resident Evil was one of my first 3D PC games back in  90's. It's great to be able to play this  amazing ""HD Remake"" here again like those old days. The original Remake was released in 2002 for Nintendo GameCube and I remember the game looked awesome. I bet it was hard to redo a game that was considered one of the best PSX and SEGA Saturn games but they did a fantastic work, and as PS2 day-one user I was so envious of the GameCube back then :PRecently (in 2014) I was able to play this Remake on GC and I must say even though some parts looks slightly different I am very happy to play this gem!Pros:- Of course the 1080p (scalable with a .ini modification) and the option to unlock the 60 FPS.- The 16:9 cropped aspect option.- Some little assets were re-done in 3D with the addition of some sprite details.- Some other details were also on the GameCube version and now we can appreciate this better. For instance, Jill dust behind her footsteps in some wooden floors.- The non-tank controls for newbies.- In general it looks great due to its original resolution. The new dynamic lighting and some other filters makes all integrate better.- Is good that they didn't change the original models and animations much (maybe Chris a bit).- Achievements. Yes, I support them for this kind of re-releases. You can approach new playthroughs to achieve something crazy like play the game in something I call ""Asian Mode"" haha (under 3 hours, without saving, only with the knife...well I'm exaggerating haha!...FYI they are separate achievements).Cons:- The directional controls should have been a bit heavier and less responsible to make things fair and not that easy.- Tank controls with analog feels bad. The solution is to use the d-pad arrows (I recommend DualShock 4 because they have a better surface).- The High-pass filter / convolve sometimes makes.- Some 3D assets like statues and mechanisms don't have any improvement in textures, normals and models.- It's a shame they didn't have resources to re-render the backgrounds. In Resident Evil Archives books you can see some viewport of those XSI files. So it wasn't impossible. Just ""not-affordable"".- Some menus looks pixelated.Maybe it should have been named ""RESIDENT EVIL / Biohazard HD Remake"" but aside those cons I mentioned before, the game is 100% recommendable for horror fans and people who played games before the checkpoint and unlimited loot era haha! Now let's wait for the HD version of RE Zero and maybe a retail version of this amazing re-release.BTW I wish someday Steam and Capcom releases:- Resident Evil (1996)- Resident Evil 2- Resident Evil 3 Nemesis (and its funny Jill / Nemesis screen-savers haha!)- Resident Evil Code Veronica (the one who made me buy a Dreamcast back in 2001 and who was remastered for PS3 and Xbox 360 a few years ago)- And why not two in-viable ones RE Gun Survivor and RE Dead Aim :3 my guilty pleasures!"
76561198044392519,Recommended,304240,22125684,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dug,"It's hard to mess up with the design of the original game's design, it's near perfect, even today. They made the presentation and graphics up-to-date while keeping the atmosphere of the original game. This is the most important, even though a lot of ""HD remakes""  failed to do it (khm SIlent Hill khm).But did they fix anything the original game had issues with? Not like they had much to fix. The only bad things about it were the clunky controlls and sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera views, even though these became basically signature elements of the old school survival horror games.First off, the fixed camera angles force the type of controls those games have, if you had the traditional up-left-down-right unchanged it would be very confusing. The traditional way is that you go in the direction you face with, turning by the side keys and go backwards with down. The problem with this was always the fact that you turn slowly, since most of the time it has to be precise, but sometimes you need it to be fast because of enemies and curvy areas.They tried a method where you always effectively go forwards, every key turns and moves you character instantly and the directions change based on the camera angle. It works fine when you have to go fast, except the fact that the update of the directions is weird. So every time the view changes, sometimes your character just turns back and goes back to the other view, sometimes it works intended and you continue going to your original direction. With better direction updating it could've been awesome, was a good effort though.The camera angles are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ occasionally, but I didn't expect that those will be gone.Other than this there isn't much to say. They maybe should've stuck to the bad voice acting, because that was hilarious in the original game. It's not great by any means, but the ridiculously overacted and read up lines are unfortunately gone. In exchange, the game has a more serious tone.It's a great remake, it doesn't matter if you have played the original, you should play this if you like horror games. It's a classic."
,Recommended,304240,25050183,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Savor_Savvy,"The gap from 1996's original version is indeed huge and with this little amount of money spent to support the devs, I would say...BRING IT ON!"
,Recommended,304240,14187102,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Senpai,Out of bulletsStabbed a zombie in the head with a daggerGot back up and killed me10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
76561197995258458,Recommended,304240,14078462,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Kuri,"One of my favorite games of all time, Remade, and ported to PC in high definition, with upgraded/modified visuals.Everything that made the original Resident Evil trilogy great Masterfully crafted into this remake of the first installment.Puzzles, Backtracking, tight enclosed spaces, Ammo conservation, Avoiding fights when necessary.It's exactly as you remember it, with slight tweaks here and there.Changes I've noticed:1.Wide screen makes it so you have a better view, but the camera has to pan up and down to capture all of the scenery the 4:3 ratio would show in full.2.The new controls. I haven't tried them as I immediately switched to classic. But from what I read it gets rid of the tank controls for a more ""smooth"" exeprience. (I personally couldn't see myself using anything but Tank controls.) But this might be great for new comers!3.New costumes right out the front door. You can play as the BSAA versions of Chris and Jill. Neat. (Still picked S.T.A.R.S. Jill First.)4.There is a gallery for all the cutscenes, along with some interesting other goodies.Everything looks and runs great on my GTX 750ti. Steady 60FPS.I'm only 1/3 through the game, but so far it's just as great as I'd expect it to be.I would definitely recommend this to anybody who loves Resident Evil, or even the survival horror genre in general."
,Recommended,304240,14080096,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ruffus Jubei,"Just a fair warning: my computer made minimum requirements and some recommended and I can barely play on Low settings across the board. Don't buy if you are not confident in your rig.Aside from all cutscenes lagging I can play effectively on Low settings. This has hindered my experience but that's my own fault I suppose. It'd be great if I could run it well. Still would recommend it if you can play it.Dual Core 3.2 ghz, Nvidia GT 610, 4GB RAM, Windows 7 64-bit"
,Recommended,304240,14107482,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,snailpoop,♥♥♥♥ing lisa trevor
,Recommended,304240,29794040,Posted: 8 February,all,LadyCyanide,Itchy. Tasty.
,Recommended,304240,14078259,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Darkalien100,This is a HD REmaster of the 2002 Gamecube version.Still a Amazing game and challenging to this day.if you are old school RE fan but never had the chance to play REmake or Zero now this your chance.if you never played a RE game before this is perfect RE game to start with.
,Recommended,304240,15003878,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ZHERNE sɴʀ,Best Resident Evil of all times!
,Recommended,304240,14080171,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mourningsage,10/10 would bang Jill again :)
76561197978273353,Recommended,304240,14118778,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Marhados,"It is a good Remaster. This kind of games were good in the 90s. We are in 2015 and the remake is still perfect. I hope they remake more of the old RE games in HD. But hopefully they wont regress putting this mechanic in the newer games.I love the horror in this game, the story and the puzzles.I hate the fixed cameras angles and the aiming.Makes me feel as if I cant control my character the way I want and It is annoying as hell. Would have been nice to have the exact same game with a camera over your shoulder but would have been way more complicated to do and a lot more of work.It is okay the way it is and makes us remember that games cant always go in the same directions someday it must evolve. A lot of purist want this mechanic back but personnaly I hope they wont do that. If things always stay the same we would have car with steam motor and cathodic screen and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.I love all the resident evil games and the only thing I regret is the todays lack of horror. I see the new style(4-5-6) as an improvment and hope they will continu the way they are going BUT with more HORROR this time."
,Recommended,304240,14243420,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ssx3,https://www.youtube.com/watch?x-yt-ts=1422579428&v=T_hRdF0_r-Q&feature=player_detailpage&x-yt-cl=85114404#t=5
,Recommended,304240,18680687,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Doge-Spielen,"I played RE4, 5, 6, Revelations 1 and 2...And I was like, ""How hard could it be?""......I have never been so wrong.Puzzles are the best thing in this classic REMASTERED series, and beautiful graphics (It's a remaster, don't take it seriously).2 types of controls, alternate (Moving like usual) or original (Left and right to position where your character is facing, up and down to move forward or backwards), I recommend the original since I played Onimusha.FPS are somewhat managable, sometimes it drops, sometimes it's normal.And of course, motherf****ng zombies have the defense of a tank.It's just, this game feels...very, very different from the newer titles...I LOVE IT.And one thing: Play smart.8/10"
76561198043473689,Recommended,304240,19110177,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Chorck Tungle,"I've always wanted to get into the Resident Evil series but have never really had the chance. I was never sure where to start with so many different entries;  so when I saw they  had remastered the original I decided to try it out, It was a great experience. The old gameplay is a little to get used to with the tank controls and claustraphobic camera angles, but after beating the game on the highest difficulty I can honestly say the alternate controls would feel wierd. The combats interesting with only 3 angles to aim middle high or low with a certain random chance of critical strike or headshots.When possible combat is to actually be avoided. It's very risky especially since it only take 2-3 hits to kill your character. Also something I wasn't expecting out of this game but got was a sort of metroidvania feel exploring the spooky mansion or other areas finding keys to unlock new areas to find new guns or parts to other puzzles. Speaking of puzzles they are both intelligent enough to challenge the player yet simple enough to be enjoyable. Throughout the game you will revisit parts of the mansion and discover new secrets. Possibly the most impressive thing in my opinion is how the developers continually up teh ante throughout the game; for example that route you cleared of zombies through the mansion? well now that you've progressed past a certain point in the game a twist happens which fills said route with new terrifying enemies. Truly Resident Evil has stood up to time I had no nostalgia glasses for this game having never played it before, yet enjoyed it imenesely nonetheless.  I can see why people complain about the new resident evils because they do truly pale in comparison from my experience. The sole feature of this game that has not stood up well is the characters/acting. To be honest they feel ridiculous and the voice acting is also very campy, but it has it's own apeal in a B-movie sort of way."
76561198039602966,Recommended,304240,14406535,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ClassicArmy,"Solid game for the PC, no crashing or bugs of any kind. the only thing I don't like is the mouse pointer is showing."
,Recommended,304240,25088884,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Reyson Fox,Anyone who dislikes this amazing horror remake is a Jill Sandwhich!
,Recommended,304240,22094086,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ChilliX,"After being a Fan of the original Resident Evil, i loved it and played it over and over again. Having purchased this new remake of the Original and busy playing it at the moment, i was very impressed by it, bought back memories back in the days when i used to play this. The Graphics are awesome and i like the new Defensive Item when you are attacked. Also complete new Fresh remake, i thought i would come to the game and know where most of the items will be but they not. Everything is new and located Differently and i see with some new rooms added. All in all an excellent Remake and a must have for all Resident Evil Fans and for those new to the game. Now just waiting for Resident Evil 2 and 3 Remake then we got them all"
,Recommended,304240,23821715,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Oak SK135,The best survival horror game is back.
,Recommended,304240,17497788,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,BaconMan8910,"Resident Evil/Biohazard HD Remaster (Resident Evil REmake) is an excellent addition to the library of any survival horror fan.An HD remaster of a remake of the original Resident Evil, Resident Evil REmake brings the classic survival horror game into the 21st century with updated graphics, a new control scheme, and a refinement of various puzzles and encounters from the original.The game looks brilliant, all things considered. Bringing about the look of modern horror games only serves to further improve the atmosphere of Resident Evil REmake.If you're familiar with the original Resident Evil, you may recall the ""tank"" controls that it sported. While the original control scheme is still available, Resident Evil REmake introduces a new control scheme that allows Jill (or Chris) to move and turn freely. While this is a vast improvement over the original tank controls, it is sometimes hindered by the fixed camera angles, which are still present and, from time to time, present issues with aiming and navigation.Unlike more recent installments in the franchise, you cannot run and gun your way through REmake. The Spencer Mansion, in which the game is set, is a maze that requires careful navigation and will have players fighting to survive as they move from room to room, attempting to progress. Ammunition is scarce, as are healing items, and, as such, players will have to manage their resources, know when they should kill an enemy, and know when they should run.The atmosphere stays spot-on nearly all the way through. Time and time, again, you will yourself unnerved and forcing yourself to progress. Encounters with enemies are tense as you try to survive, managing your ammunition, and attempting to overcome various monstrosities that, almost always, have the upper hand. But it is in the quiet moments that the game really comes to life. As you pass from room to, seemingly, lifeless room, it's hard not to hold your breath for the next trap or encounter, breeding a fear of the unknown and anticipated.As for the story, it's a Resident Evil game. Umbrella is cartoonishly evil and it's up to you to clean up, or, in this case, survive, their mess. Still, journal entries and atmospheric story-telling throughout the game provides some interesting and, at times, meaningful back story, as you try to piece together the history of the Mansion's captives.In terms of performance, I did notice some drops in frame rate, despite playing with the graphics settings and having a PC that should have no trouble running the game on its highest settings.A brilliant game that delivers on all fronts, with only some minor hiccups, Resident Evil REmake is an exercise in true survival horror, and an example of what a remake/remaster should be.I highly recommend it. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,304240,19809191,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mughead,Great port of the gamecube version of Residebt Evil. It's not a complete remaster of all textures and models but a HD port. Still looks great to me and has given me hours of fun replaying one of my childhood favorites.
76561198262062532,Recommended,304240,19754845,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,mma junkie250,"best looking resident evil game ever made . hopefully re2 is better ,"
76561198059898702,Recommended,304240,19791649,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ninja-One,"An excellent remake.  First let me start off by saying:  This game is top notch.  It is better than the original.  There are parts in the game that will make you jump out of your skin so be prepared.  Highly recomended.  Go get it now, worth every penny of the twenty dollars."
,Recommended,304240,19771786,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,omorenof,"One of the greatest franchises ever made, Looking at this videogame Remastered for HD is one of the greatest feelings ever. Had played it like 12 times already trying to beat my old record. Fully Recommended."
76561197960698851,Recommended,304240,29748673,Posted: 6 February,all,Uhtred Ragnarson,"Resident Evil 1 is a god damn masterpiece. I miss fixed camera scenery in my RE games—bring that♥♥♥♥♥♥back, Capcom."
,Recommended,304240,19217068,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,inhibiter91,"Review Change aftera Fix/Patch i found::At first back in may i said this game was terrible, ONLY due to the fact that poor optimization on certain GPUs/Cardsproduced ""slow motion"" movements and audio/video de'sync.https://www.dropbox.com/s/34hs6leqe7rzndi/DJ_Dirty_One_Sample_Pack-2015-06-13.zip?dl=0(This patch fixes Slow Motion Issue, put into Game Folder itself, not the PC Native folder)After  using this patch i say this:Get this game! and use this patch and enjoy it. if you dont patch it, you'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, unless your rig issuperior to mine.If you loved the Gamecube Original, you'll love this and specially with challenge of achievements."
76561198067773809,Recommended,304240,15878877,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jacksterboyy,I've just remembered why I was scared of horror games as a kid. This game. Even though I'm older now I really can't play this game without pausing and sometimes quitting. Still scary as hell.I'm actually afraid to go back on now.  Great Game.
,Recommended,304240,24025566,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Corbett,Best game everBought it on PC just to say that
,Recommended,304240,14138196,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Lake,Great Game Before But Even Better In HD. I Played This All The Time On Gamecube & To See The Difference Its Awesome!Hoping For A Resident Evil Zero Remake Soon?
,Recommended,304240,33348624,Posted: 7 July,all,GHEIST,"A truly great survival horror game with nice pre-rendered backgrounds, eerie and haunting atmosphere, lots of enjoyable puzzles and a continuous emphasis on risk/reward through ink ribbons (game saving consumable) and inventory management. Might still do a jill playthrough sometime."
76561198050484139,Recommended,304240,24272002,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Crannberry Sauce,One of the best games I've ever played. A Classic
,Recommended,304240,20475194,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL](Linux),"Yes, this game is just like the GameCube remastered version, but with the aid of setting up your Capcom RE account to record your stats, achievements and most importantly your weapons. You will need a lot of courage and problem solving skills to complete this game. Don't use up your Typewriter Ribbons/Save Points when you only had a small adventure around the haunted mansion. If you get totally stuck, use the spoilers or Strategy guides at your own risk!"
76561198031582969,Recommended,304240,18940227,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mr. Cobb,"This game does not hold your hand at all. It is an old school game with a new skin and it is great. Very challenging, lots of puzzles with no hand holding at all. When you find items you have to figure out what they are for. The camera angles add to suspense and aren't bad once you get used to them. Resources are limited in the game and so are saves. If you run out of ink ribbon, healing or ammo you are SOL. You may find your self loading in earlier saves or restarting altogether if you are playing without a guide.This game is a great intro to the series with high replayability since there are 2 characters to choose from each with their own strengths and weaknesses. One has more health and fewer inventory slots and the other has less health and more inventory slots.BTW you can't drop items unless you are at an item box just as a warning. That may be frustrating to some but it adds to the challenge of the game as you will do a lot of backtracking as puzzles come together.Good Night.Good Luck.Enjoy.8/10"
76561197996243398,Recommended,304240,33101754,Posted: 1 July,all,Beachi,Best version of best Resident Evil game and one of the greatest horror games ever made.
76561198010628579,Recommended,304240,31695167,Posted: 11 May,all,Shoeming,This game is perfect horror. Still amazing to look at in HD even with the tank controls the gameplay and mansion is timeless
76561198114295381,Recommended,304240,33990355,Posted: 3 August,all,kahloye,Played both games from 1996 and this one. And I'd say it lived up to my expectations. Spectacular game. Great atmosphere. Same over the top puzzles and riddles.
,Recommended,304240,26057613,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pacxel,the Best Resedent Evil Ever next to re2. they need to remake that. I beg you capcom. please! make more of these.
,Recommended,304240,34807010,Posted: 7 September,all,RaioOriginal,"Game is AMAZING. Graphics are great and it runs smooth.I find this to have THE BEST level design of any game.I'm honestly at loss for words, this is simply amazing.The biggest con is that backtracking can be a bit frustrating if you don't know what you are doingOverall this is one of my favorite games, a must for lovers of Survival Horror and for that nostalgia for those who played it on ps1"
76561198038746939,Recommended,304240,14086563,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Swagdaddy,"Its the first Resident Evil and it kicks♥♥♥♥♥The graphics look very nice, clearly better than the GC version. The rest of the game is just the same as GC version. But its realy nice to play the experience again.I suggest you to change the controls to the original system. Its pretty annyoing to change your keys every time camera ancle changes.The only thing I was hoping for was that you could skip door scenes, but thats just a minor complain. Also you cannot hide cursor, but that doesnt matter too much.p.s  Its better than H1Z1"
,Recommended,304240,14225013,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Metal Masked Assassin,"THE GRANDMASTER OF SURVIVAL HORROR IS BACK WITH A VENGEANCE.HOW WILL YOU SEAL YOUR FATE BEHIND THE MANSION DOORS?In high-definition, that's how.The entire engine has been re-detailed and overhauled with HD textures and models.It looks absolutely gorgeous._____________To quote the masterpiece itself, ""Fear doesn't kill you, but...""All features from the Gamecube re-release are retained:Limited saves - Collect Ink Ribbons to save your progress, only a set amount within each game.Defensive items - grab knives, tazers, grenades, etc. to use as a defense when grabbed.You must either decapitate or burn downed zed's so they don't come back as Crimson Head's later.Environmental and puzzle differences from 1996's release.The Lisa Trevor subplot is lovingly kept, ready to scare the bejesus out of you.More secrets, more costumes and more endings._____________Choose between classic full screen or cinematic widescreen that scrolls the camera with your movements.Choose between the classic tank control scheme or the modern one used in the more recent titles._____________Easy, Normal, Hard difficulties from the start - Very Hard and more modes unlock upon completion:Real Survival - Complete the game on Normal. In this mode, the item boxes are not linked.One Dangerous Zombie - Unlocked when you complete the game with both Jill and Chris on Normal. It can't be turned off. In this mode, Forest Speyer comes back as a zombie with bandoliers of grenades strapped to him. You cannot shoot him without setting them off, if you do, the explosion will kill you and end the game.Invisible Enemy - Unlocked when the game is completed twice on any difficulty. Like the name of the mode implies, every single enemy in the game is invisible._____________Two storylines to play through each with their own differences in plot development, skills and objectives - Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield._____________ATMOSPHERE FO' DAYS!ATMOSPHERE TO MAKE YOU MOISTEN YOUR UNDERGARMENTS.ATMOSPHERE TO MAKE YOUR BUTT CLENCH.ATMOSPHERE TO MAKE YOU SHUT YOUR BLINDS.ATMOSPHERE FO' DAAAAAAYS!Oh, the ending to that quote?""Everything in this game can.""666/666"
76561197968571639,Recommended,304240,18437655,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Striker_Z,Send Capcom a message and buy this game.Bring back real survival horror!
76561198097771570,Recommended,304240,26402305,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,The Punisher,Game runs very well for me i will list my specs below. I run at 60fps and 1920x 1080P with everything maxed out with a near solid 60fps bearing in mind i use an old GTX 580 1.5GB for this game the perfromance has been superb so far i did notice tiny slow motion in the save game rooms sometimes but it only lasted 1.5 seconds. I believe it was due to the lighting effects taxing my old graphics card as from what i hear this game has a much higher internal resolution then 1080P which is on be default you could change it in the TXT file to improve framerate but you could encounter crashes and a not so good looking gameProsGreat looking game rendered wellSounds Music sounds better higher quality i'm guesssing Capcom is using more modern sound system60FPS is great to see as i remember the old game was 30FPSHigher resolution 1920 x 1080 is miles better then 480INew sound effects on the introduction video guns sound better new added Dog barksNew 360 control system although i use the classic tank control but others like the new updated version.New costumes have been added to this version with the inclusion of BSAA Chris And Jill also rebecca i believe has an alternative costume.ConsSometimes you may encounter slow motion sequences when saving or exiting a item box for me it happened randomly and only lasted 1 to 2 seconds but it may be due to my graphics card but was annoying because when i was saving my game it took a good 15 seconds to finish when i exit the room the game was fine could be glitch or my hardware i'm uncertain this happened 4 times overall in one playthroughSkipping doors it would be great to be able to skip the door animation as i do lots of speedrunning i love the classic design but a option would have been prefaired you spend a good 40% of this game stuck in door animationMods would be cool to be able to install mods to this game and make it better although this is unlikelyConclusionThis is a great game that has clearly had a great deal of time and effort put into remastering it. It has been polished well and looks good for a 2015 game the sound and framerate sounds better and runs better so overal pleased with my purchase the only thing that would have been better is if there was more content to unlock and mod supportOverall8.5 /10Windows 10 Ultimate (64 Bit )FX 8320 Overclocked to 4.0GHZ8GB DDR3 2400MHZ128GB Toshiba SSD2000GB HardriveGTX 580 1.5GBThanksJoe
,Recommended,304240,14288098,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ben [PortsCenter.TV],"Some framerate issues prevent this from being the definitive release of this previously GameCube-exclusive remake, but 13 years later this is still the definitive entry in the Resident Evil series. Unfortunately some of the backgrounds have been visibly upscaled so calling this an ""HD remaster"" is perhaps over-egging things a bit."
,Recommended,304240,18901914,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Virtuoso1,"This was my first experience with the early titles of Resident Evil.  Having grown up with the NES and SNES, I am no stranger to old games. When I first started playing this one though, I thought the aiming and movement was clunky and I didn't understand why everyone loved it so much.  I stepped away from the game and came back the next day to give it another chance, and to my surprise, I began loving every minute of it!!Let me begin by saying that this game has a steep learning curve.  The first time you play it, you will hate it. But after you start to understand the mechanics, this will quickly become one of your favorite games ever!!  There is a reason it is on most ""best games"" lists,  So stick with it and you won't be sorry.This game doesn't hold your hand.  You begin with very limited amounts of ammo, and you should beware that you shouldn't kill everything in sight. You have to search everything, and I mean everything.I wouldn't say this game is scary the way modern games scare you (with jump scares, greusome depictions of death, and other nonsense), but what this game gets right is the atmosphere.  I prefer more atmospheric horror titles and I am very pleased with the creepy setting of the old mansion that causes a slight jolt each time the loud thunder catches you off guard while tip-toeing through the seemingly abandoned corridors.Like most older games, something about it is addictive.  You will continue to come back to this game without knowing what is drawing you in.  Something about searching every inch of the mansion to find small tools that will help you along the way is extremely satisfying. It reminds me a lot of old Nintendo games that just feel good to play without any apparent rhyme or reason behind it.  Get this game."
76561198011672757,Recommended,304240,14080127,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Skeeter,"This is an incredibly scary game.  For instance, when your running away from a zombie, the camera angle will swich on you causing you to run right back in to the zombie you were running away from.highly recommended"
,Recommended,304240,18845437,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Chewbarcus,"This is one of the best Resident evil games, Only one that tops it is Resident Evil 4.The old school camera angles leave corners hidden so you never know what to expect. Controller support is nice, as the keyboard and mouse layouts can be annoying, so i'd recommend using Control. The HD Remaster adds more depth, though still has the corniest voice acting and speech. The music and ambience create so much atmosphere.Though it's very linear, you still have various ways of going through the game and progressing the story."
,Recommended,304240,14081853,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,pls.,I hope this isn't Chris's sandwich
76561198160857841,Recommended,304240,14081801,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Adonai,Happy with the game. Waiting till tonight to play. Would be a waste of £15 to play when its bright.
76561198015558235,Recommended,304240,14082105,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Massi-PB,"Fun game, well made.  Forgot how anoying it is when you don't save in a while.  Also, what gives with the time it takes to open doors?  I figured back in the day it was done to allow time for the game to load the new rooms as you move around but...Anyway, seems worth the money.  Nice to play an old time fav again."
76561197980847018,Recommended,304240,14078903,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vermillion,"The classic Resident Evil and its vintage style of movement, combat, puzzle solving and suspense is back with the release of the original gamecube remake of the game.Never did I think Capcom would ever listen to the fans who wanted to play the RE:Remake on pc since Capcom generally does not bother to listen to the fans but someone must have took note and finally we get the great RE:Remake on the pc with tigher controls, widescreen support, slightly updated backgrounds and sharper graphics.To anyone who loves Resident Evil especially the original survival horror aspect and not the later action like ones that where Re4, 5 and 6 I would highly recommend this game.Also it shows we the fans want a return to form for the series and less of the action movie vibe we get from the newest games.To add I hope this opens Capcoms mind to the idea of re-releasing the HD remake of Resident Evil ZERO with online co-op for the Rebecca and Billy parts of the game."
76561197961215927,Recommended,304240,14078969,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Myztkl©-Kev,"Just played this game for 2 hours straight, It's awesome. Totally brings me back to when resident evil games were good. Definitely worth $20. I'm the kind of person who has trouble picking up old games I loved when I was younger because the visual appeal isn't what it used to be. This game has been re-done well enough that it doesn't look super old and any fans of the original won't be disappointed.Update: I see comments about people unable to run this game, most appear to have laptops. Game runs smooth as butter for me with full settings and seems amazingly optimized. Could be a driver thing."
,Recommended,304240,14452264,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ETPC,"a fantastic re-release for 2015 of the gamecube remake from 2002 for the original resident evil on playstation from 1996.seriously though, while that sounds like the most cynical and lazy move capcom could ever pull, this is a legit fantastic version of a groundbreaking game with some serious work done to it. the game runs in the MT Framework engine now which means the looping videos that allowed faked real-time lighting from the gamecube is no more, replaced with modern lighting effects. some of the rooms in the game are even completely rebuilt from the ground up in service of the new lighting! the character and item models have gotten a *massive* boost in detail, with the character models in particular being redone from scratch.however, some of the pre-rendered backgrounds in some areas look like total garbage with lots of image artifacts from being upscaled to a resolution that was unheard of in 2002, also, the pre-rendered cutscenes have *not* aged very well and seem to be just blown up to what ever resolution you are running the game in. there have also been some complaints about serious slowdown on more underpowered machines, which results in the game running in slow motion due to the way the engine works. i had only a few instances of slowdown on my card (GTX 970) but none of them seemed repeatable. so be aware of all that going in!sound and music has also been upgraded to support 5.1 systems (i have no idea if the original GCN remake supported that or not) and it sounds *incredible* on a good set of headphones or on 5.1 speakers. also, the controls have been redone to offer a different take on the famous clunky controls, but some of my friends who are RE purists think it ruins the flow of the game and makes it too easy, so YMMV. support for widescreen resolutions is also accomplished in a curious way, with the camera panning up and down the original 4:3 assets to give an illusion of widescreen, not too disimilar to pan & scan in old moves on VHS. it's hard to articulate and you can switch between the original 4:3 aspect ratio and original controls at any time, so the point is moot anyway.the gameplay is still rock solid once you get your feet wet, but it did take me a little while to find my balance in the game before i had a smooth flow going. basically, don't play as chris your first time through.the script and dialogue is still pretty much pain-inducing. i wish part of the HD remaster included a second pass at the script and VO but you could argue that is part of the charm and to change that would change the feel of the game.all in all, i highly recommand this remaster. now, to wish for capcom to make REmake 2.."
,Recommended,304240,24219990,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Biomechannibal,"I own the original remake for the Gamecube and always found it to be the of the best version of the classic story. Not many people owned a Gamcube though, and so the first iteration of this remake (as well as Resident Evil 0) went largely unplayed by fans of the series. But now, there's no excuse. If you haven't played the original title since the days of PS1, it's about time you re-enter the nightmare of survival horror. If you didn't play the original titles because of the 'tank controls', fear not as; you can charge into the horde using several different re-worked and modernized control schemes. Or stick to the original if you're a professional. With an updated story-line, re-worked game-play mechanics, sharp sound effects, HD graphics, new enemy types, and previously unexplored areas of the Spencer Estate; there is no better way to uncover the truth about Umbrella than the Resident Evil - HD Remaster."
76561198018451546,Recommended,304240,28645054,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AnihilatoR,"Locked on my room, almost 20 years ago, I went to explore all the areas, hunt and be hunted by creatures, all while solving puzzles in this nightmare of a mansion. It was awesome. After playing for a couple hours, it was good to see that this still is the same game but with better gameplay, renewed graphics and a few more areas to explore. The sound is perfect, you will keep checking your surroundings for enemies all time. It's a polished masterpiece of a game. 10/10 going to lock myself in my room again."
76561198177902983,Recommended,304240,29824453,Posted: 10 February,all,AlexanderJin,Great classic remake.Bring back all my childhood memory.Any Resident Evil fan should give it a try.
76561198011508181,Recommended,304240,14085084,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kabosky,"I've beaten this game numerous times on the Gamecube version, and I bought this as soon as this came up on Steam.This game is amazing in a lot of ways, and I wished that they kept this style of gameplay when they made the latest Resident Evil games. Don't get me wrong I loved Resident Evil 4 and 5, but I would still prefer the style with set camera angles, puzzles in pretty much every room you go in, and only able to carry 6 items so the decision on what to take with you needs some thought.The HD REMASTER in my opinion is nothing incredible as to where it's a whole new outlook of a game, but some things were added in the game as for instance:1.) You can change the aspect ratio to either widescreen, or the 4:3 original ratios.2.) Character detail has been improved, but nothing to drastic and changing Chris and Jill's outfit to the most recent Resident Evil game they were in.3.) Changing the FPS to either 30 or 60, but I prefer 60 because it is so smooth and I love it.As for gameplay, I said before its back to the older style of Resident Evil which I love. For newcomers though who never played Resident Evil, this could be a little frustrating with awkward camera angles, constant running to the item box to swap items, or CRIMSON HEADS!!Some advice for newcomers who may be interested in this game:1.) Maybe use a controller?2.) Conserve ammo and use it when necessary.3.) Check the map frequently; if the room is highlighted red then there are still items there, if green then the room has no items left.4.) Save frequently but watch you ink ribbons because how many ribbons you have is how many times you can save the game.5.) Don't let the camera angles discourage you from this game, you'll get used to it.6.) SURVIVE!!"
76561198027933120,Recommended,304240,14082748,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,xbox one Player,This is the best HD remaster i played
,Recommended,304240,14165158,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,hosser UK,Great re-release of the best Resident Evil game ever made. My one complaint is that the game does not truly support widescreen - the 16:9 option is pan and scan (ver-) which means you lose vertical resolution instead of gaining horizontol resolution. Shame. Let's have an HD Remaster of Resident Evil Zero now please. :)
76561197989183197,Recommended,304240,30175622,Posted: 25 February,all,ChoboKiLL,"As a resident evil fan, I had to play this game and I'm happy I did. 9/10.The only negative part I can say about the game without spoiling too much, is that there are different endings to the game and they can be disappointing to say the least.."
,Recommended,304240,22469144,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Shaefurr,Great remake on what was already a good game. This is basically an HD version of the gamecube remake with some changes. Still just as fun as it was on PSX. Just wish the newer RE games had this style gameplay.
76561198078237863,Recommended,304240,23591595,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NERD_ALERT,"This is by far one of the best horror games I've ever played. Hope crushing moments, terrifying times when you're surrounded and have almost no ammo and the nearest safe zone is across the map. This is a true horror game and should be the standard for surivial horror games. 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14153532,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GaimeGuy,"It's the GC REmake,  ported to the PC.   This is what Resident Evil used to be, before Resident Evil 4.   One of the greatest remakes of all time,  and one of the greatest survival horror games of all time,  you can't go wrong with a purchase.Just make sure you  have a decent  computer -  the PC version isn't really well optimized , as my 2009 laptop with a Core 2 Duo  2.53GHz and a GTX  260M  won't run it.    There's really no excuse for a Gamecube game having such poor performance.    I will enjoy the experience of the game on my  gamecube,  and  I look forward to  playing it  on Steam  once I get a new computer or laptop."
76561197969417125,Recommended,304240,15056921,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,G00N3R,"What is Resident Evil HD Remaster?An updated version of the 2002 Gamecube release, which was in turn a remake of the 1996 original.Is it any good?Its fantastic. The first game in the Resident Evil franchise has always been my favourite, and this has to be considered the best version. I never played the 2002 update, where many of the puzzles and area layouts were changed, new monsters and story details were added, so much of this felt like a fresh new experience for me.What pleased me?•	Classic survival horror gameplay. A smaller number of dangerous enemies compared to later games which have huge numbers of weak enemies. I actually got killed by the first zombie because I was overconfident! Limited ammo, health and save game items, so you need to be careful not to waste any.•	Some puzzles don't have to be solved to complete the game, but they determine which of the multiple endings you get, which rewards exploration.•	Playing as either Jill or Chris provides a significantly different experience, because they have access to different weapons, inventory size, damage resistance and story elements.•	You can choose between the original ""tank"" controls or a more modern control scheme.•	Updated graphics. The mansion and surrounding areas never looked so good.•	Mostly stable. I had a couple of crashes after I quit the game (had to kill it on task manager) but no problems during actual gameplay.What disappointed me?•	There is a widely known bug which causes the mouse pointer to stay visible during gameplay, which will destroy immersion if you play with mouse and keyboard. You basically have no choice but to play with a gamepad (and then push the mouse off screen). Not a problem for me because I own a gamepad, but in 2015 there is no excuse for this bug to exist.•	Fixed camera angles are a bit annoying. There were several occasions where Jill/Chris are looking at an enemy that is standing right in front of them but I can't see it because I'm looking at my character, which made me waste some ammo. Yes its part of the original experience, but I wonder if anything could have been tweaked to make this less of an issue.Overall recommendationFans of the franchise should find alot to enjoy in this remake, especially if like me, you only played the original. And if you've never played any Resident Evil game, this is the best place to start.I also just want to say that I've never had the opportunity to play either RE2 or RE3, so if Capcom would release a similar updated version of those games on Steam, I would buy them immediately."
,Recommended,304240,14078137,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SubtleSledge,"Ah Resident Evil.. Haven't seen you since 2002 and then before that 1996.I don't even need to say to the Resi fans how good this game is! I can't wait to play it through!Anyone who hasn't played the original games or haven't even got into the Resi series before, this is a fantastic place to start.Clostraphobic areas, chilling atmosphere, tough to take down enemies, ammo that you actually have to go looking for!And those legendary door sequences are back from the past!To me this is by far the scariest title of the series. This game is a steal too at £16. Need I say more? Hell No! Get it got and enjoy it!I hope everyone jumps on board when I say this is where Resident Evil needs to return to.Back to the time when for me these games were rated 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14078236,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,✿SirKai✿,"Methodically paced and chillingly atmospheric, this is one of THE classic Resident Evil games to own. This re-released remake combines tense exploration, satisfying creature blasting and some clever puzzles to form a uniquely exciting horror-mystery adventure. Unfortunately, beautifully touched up character models aside, not every asset was given the red carpet treatment in this version; most of the redone pre-rendered backdrops range from passable to stunning, but a handful look rather dreadful. Other issues including fonts and menu textures are also some sore spots. Though the difficulty and mechanics might feel decidedly 90s to newcomers, it's definitely more of a testament to the fact that some gaming quirks are simply timeless.There's not much here to entice the once-and-done players who've perhaps played this a decade ago on their Gamecube, but anyone lacking experience with the older RE games, or those itching for a tasty new playthrough, should find the $20 price tag very reasonable."
,Recommended,304240,14078715,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,moto,bueno
,Recommended,304240,14099273,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a video and written impression on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceKpjmz0y5kRE1 Remaster is basically the GameCube port to the PC, but it does come with a few extra bells and whistles. The most obvious is the up res'ed textures, backgrouds, and overall resolution. There's also a new control scheme and a even new character skins.If you're an old timer looking for an excuse to replay one of your childhood favorites, RE1 Remaster won't disappoint. All of the classic tank control, hallway rerunning, and key collecting goodness remain intact. I do recommend turning the difficulty to hard on your first go if you are looking for that ""true"" classic RE experience. (Normal would definitely be considered easy to series vets)If you are new to classic RE, this would be a great time to see what all the hoohaa is all about. Playing the old PSX version for the younger generation might be difficult due to the dated look, but now that we have a much superior visual product that still has the classic mechanics, it can potentially show case that these older mechanics still has merit in today's gaming world. But be aware, if you are new it won't play like modern games. There will be a large degree of backtracking, and confusion at first. But if you can get over that hump, I think most can get a lot of enjoyment out of RE1 RemasterI've said plenty of positive things about this game so far, but it is not perfect. Though it does run mostly well, at a consistent 60FPS, it does dip down due to a loading bug every now and then. It happens randomly and not always in the same location. It is noticeable. Though most of the textures and models have been up res'ed expertly, there are still some props in the game that has very low res or stretched textures that make it look very out of place.Overall I think RE1 Remaster was done well for the most part. I'm enjoying it and can only recommend it to any one curious. But do know I'm a classic RE fan, played it since the PSX days, so I will have some nostalgia bias.Pros:- Feels and plays just like classic RE1- Updated visuals are mostly well done- New features such and additional skins are welcomed- Still one of the freakiest games out thereCons:- Some technical bugs on load- Might be frustrating for the uninitiated- We need a Resident Evil 2 Remake (pls Capcom)"
76561197996869829,Recommended,304240,14078198,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Meropolis,Fantastic. So far it runs well but i wasnt able to upscale it using DSR with my 980. Good nostalgic game to have in your library if you grew up with it or were arpund during its initial release in the 90's for Playstation. Gotta love ht e60fps :)
,Recommended,304240,14150935,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,RedviperUK,"My parents bought me RE on PS1 when I was about 10 and 2 and Nemesis not long after and when 0 and REmake hit Gamecube a few years later I came out the other side having not even figured out the Death Masks on REmake and suffering a mild form of PTSD.I had stopped♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself every time I went through a creaky door by the time RE4 came out and with Medal of Hono(u)r and Call of Duty taking up most of my youth in between I conquered the newer RE titles with little more than a fart when someone kicked a door in too loudly.So imagine my trepidation at this RE-RE-Make... would I return to my pre-pubescent bed wetting? Or like Luke Skywalker would I rise again with a bionic hand and conquer the fears my parents had inadvertently instilled in me with their ill informed purchase?Happily I can confirm that years of exposure to zombie pop culture (and several years of expensive counselling) have allowed me to face my fears and finally, finally escape Arklay mansion, I even saved all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥who went there with me, making me feel all heroic and altruistic.So thank you for this re-re-release Capcom, at 24 I can now FINALLY stop worrying about Zombies and start worrying about mortgages, tax bands and children which previously seemed like trivial distractions from the very real undead threat."
76561197999388151,Recommended,304240,22027316,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,chocolatepump,Still too scared to play... hold me :'((But it has sweet gfx now)
,Recommended,304240,14101674,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Phoenixos,"no need to ask10/10really good,WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FROM ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IN HISTORY"
,Recommended,304240,14155436,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Someone,"I enjoyed pushing different kind of objects in this game immensely, be it crates, statues or cupboards everything are so satisfying to push.And the mechanism that lets you rotate an object when you push something onto it? Revolutionary!10/10 would push again."
,Recommended,304240,14078128,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,"father, I crave syrup","This has a good PC port. Runs just fine, no major hiccups or issues, well optimized, has a decent number of PC options. My only problem is that it's limited to 60 FPS, and cannot go to 144."
,Recommended,304240,14077844,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,RoboKitty,"One of the best games of all time, is finally back."
,Recommended,304240,15274647,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,PEUNCE_MIN,"Great game, and runs smooth if you're using the right gear to run the game. It is very picky about that, and the port is okay...But regardless, an awesome game nonetheless!!!!!"
,Recommended,304240,14246865,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,w33d3d,"I bought this game and when I first sarted playing it I immediately was overcome by the nostalgia from, playing this game in the mid 90's. Everything expectation I had for this game was filled and more. I wasn't expecting to be scared by this game like I was when I originally played it.I figured it was just scarey back then because of how young I was. Kinda like when I watch Nightmare on Elm Street now. It's almost laughable, and its not scarey at all anymore. Thats did NOT happen with replaying Resident Evil. There are cetain moments in the game that still have me jumping out of my seat and screaming out loud because I was startled. Even walking around the mansion I find that I'm constantly on the edge of my seat wondering whats gonna pop out next. If you loved the original, you'll love the HD remake too! 10/10 I would recommend to anybody."
76561197984305404,Recommended,304240,14184450,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,shadyadi,"One of the all time classic games,a must buy for any horror/zombie game fan.Give this game a go you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,304240,16676534,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DatDudeCorks,"Yea!-*The game that started it all,*Port runs great and characters looks great for a slightly upgraded game from over a decade ago*Multiple difficulty options*Game mechanics still hold up quite well, with the only real annoyance being the inventoryMeh!-*Some background picture cutoff in 16:9 mood*Original backgrounds look aged compared to the new high res characters*While not a true issue with controls, I did find my character changed directions and head backwards with camera/scene changes quite oftenBleh!*Nothing new, just a straight port from the gamecube version, so if your looking for new content sorry*Bad bad acting lol*Not as scary as I rememberVerdict- If you love the series, love the first one you can not go wrong here. It still holds up quite well gameplay wise"
76561198113446670,Recommended,304240,14142430,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Crow 乌鸦,"The game that defined the survival horror genre is finally back and on PC too. To be honest, I was looking for a Resident Evil 2 or a Resident Evil 3 Remake from Capcom, since RE1 was already repackaged. I haven't played the remake version of RE1, therefore, this looks fresh and new to me. The graphics look amazing. The game is fluent with great atmospheric effects. I would choose this game over any of the recent Resident Evil games (Particularly RE5 or RE6). 20/10. Recommended to both new players and hardcore fans of the series."
,Recommended,304240,14136433,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DarkShinobu,"A must buy if you like old school RE games, but new players can enjoy it as well, is not easy, lots of backtracking but imo, rewarding, one if not, the best Resident Evil game, and for that price?Runs nice at 60fps ( check the minimal and recommended settings before buying )Some backgrounds doesnt look that good, but not too bad either.10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14184143,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,λdventSeveN,"I absolutely love this game to the point where I will begin fanboying, so I will simply say this: just buy it if you want the real Resident Evil experience."
,Recommended,304240,14165590,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,VaMpIrE,"Masterful remake for true horror fans. Pure nostalgia for those of us who grew up on Resident Evil. Runs great, looks great, feels great."
,Recommended,304240,15856333,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,sadfasdfsadf,The best horror game i've ever played pants down.
,Recommended,304240,20976756,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ryamatsu,Not much to say besides this game is a possibly as close as a video game can get to a masterpiece in terms of gameplay and atmosphere.A true classic and the pinnacle of the RESIDENT EVIL series. There's a large audience of us out there who crave games like this but sadly nobody attempts to make them anymore.
76561198131006658,Recommended,304240,21513983,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wingman,"This franchise has come out with so many remakes and off-shoots of the series. And you know what? I will gladly keep throwing money at them to do it. I remember buying this game when I was in middle school, and the trouble I went through trying to buy a graphics card that could support it. (Shout out to the old Diamond Monster 3DII card, and what got me started on the path to tech repair). Absolutely horrible graphics by todays standards, but lightyears ahead if you grew up with an 8-bit Nintendo. And then came 2, 3, and about that time the Gamecube with 0 and the 1st remake of this game. And now we see the 2nd remake. Definitely great graphics here. And just as with the 1st remake, there team has created a few new turns, and some new elements to keep it fresh. I love the storyline of this series, and I truly hope they continue remastering them all. And please Capcom release a port of Code Veronica for PC! It will be interesting to see what 2 looks like remastered. And hopefully 3 as well!"
,Recommended,304240,15695260,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,DoomDash,"The very definition of surival horror. This game is a masterpiece, and probably a perfect version of Resident Evil to get new comers interested in the series.The gamecube version (remake) does the original justice, so no need to play RE1 on PSX if you don't have a copy, and this version holds up better anyway. Complete with modern controller support and a wide screen mode, this will please old fans and new comers.If you haven't played Resident Evil yet, or even if you only played the modern games, you must give this game / series a chance."
,Recommended,304240,20134450,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dust of Winter,"I can't recommend this game enough. I played RE1 on PS1 and then the REmake on Gamecube and this updated version of that. This, to me, is how a remake should be done. I keeps all the old mechanics intact, but also expands upon the source material."
76561198069082244,Recommended,304240,14548823,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Vitt,Itchy. Tasty.10/10
,Recommended,304240,24560978,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Puppy,"All I can say from this remaster of a remaster of a 1996 game is that it is executed pretty damn well. The game follows the story dead on from start to finish, but the puzzles are more advanced than the PS1 Resident Evil so don't expect the complete same from the puzzels. The shooting in the game is alot harder to headshot and kill zombies then the original game. They added a lot more cool modern mechanics such as defensive weapons, were if you get grabbed by a zombie then you can stab them in the head with an antique dagger or taze them with your taser. The game's map design is pretty much the same has the 1996 game but with some extra rooms installed, the advanced graphics can make it harder to tell where you are but it looks awesome. But in conclusion this game is worth the whole $20.00 that you have to pay for, if you like the original Resident Evil then this game is for you!9/10 Love the survival horror genre"
76561198060972112,Recommended,304240,22087302,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bellpeppers & beef,it is gud gam would recomendsdawtjg
76561197982853347,Recommended,304240,14341206,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Woodman,"If you liked the Gamecube version, you'll like this as it's exactly the same thing, just ported to PC and prettied up a bit. They added a new control scheme for those who HATED the old style, like me. However Keyboard/Mouse controls SUCK, so if you don't have a controller I wouldn't bother (imho anyways).Although some people have complained about performance, I have no issues running this at 120 FPS. But as with all things YMMV."
76561198161191135,Recommended,304240,23909269,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ryu Fireheart,"The classic and the the best Resident Evil game we got in Steam so far.Pros:+The pre-rendered backgrounds and character models do look very nice.+The puzzles are very well made.+Challenging game modes.+The mansion, is very creepy and interesting to explore+Has better achievements than Resident Evil 0+It is a real survivor horror game, its not like the new ones that are cheesy and action based.Cons:-""One dangerous zombie"" is an annoying bonus that you get by clearing the game with both characters in normal or higher dificulty, and you may not like it, and you can't disable it (Hint: you can avoid it by not saving 2 normal/hard games in a single file, or just keep a file for ""one dangeous zombie"" separately)."
,Recommended,304240,20628596,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Leonem,"This is the best survival horror game ever made. What more can I say?The port is alright, go get it!"
,Recommended,304240,16019122,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kanesaw,"So I just completed this game for the first time as Chris. Will probably play it again as Jill. What can I say? It's an amazing HD version of Resident Evil.Should you get it? Complete this questionnaire:A. Every played Resident Evil?1. Yes. See part B.2. No. This is a great way to experience this modern classic for the first time. Get in there and try not to poop yourself!B. Did you enjoy Resident Evil?1. Yes. Then this is for you. Get it, stupid.2. No. See part C.C. Was it because of the dated graphics and control scheme?1. Yes. Try this version! It looks amazing, and the controls have been tightened up.2. No. See part D.D. Was it because of the weird camera angles?1. Yes. That sucks, because that has not changed and nor should it. It would take out a tonnn of the games tension. This might be a pass for you.2. No. See part E.E. Was it just not scary enough for you?1. Yes. Although this is an updated version, you will NOT see any new content (aside from that added to the GameCube version) so perhaps you should pass on this.2. No. See part F.F. Was it because you simply did not enjoy the game?1. Yes. Okay then, this is obvious. This game will NOT change your mind on Resident Evil. It is the same game, only prettier. Pass.2. No.G. Was it because zombies are in your head? In your heaaaad?1. Zombie.2. Zombie.3. Zombiaaaaay"
,Recommended,304240,16543125,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Soy Mi Destino,Love this game
76561198009387569,Recommended,304240,32710710,Posted: 23 June,all,Dr. Spock,My first time playing a Resident Evil game and I can see why it's a popular series. I played through the game without a guide and it took me roughly 14 hours. If you get easily frustrated by frequent deaths and having to redo portions of the game I recommend playing this on easy instead of normal. All in all a fun game and would definitely reccomend.
,Recommended,304240,23812227,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,g30rg3_x,Lots of great HD textures without compromising the original game feel; the only think they miss during this remaster are the in-game movies and it looks awful (PS1 quality) but this is great classic and a must have for fans of survival horror genre fans and all the Resident Evil fans.IMHO: 9/10PS: Best played with a controller (seriously).
76561197972198154,Recommended,304240,16533791,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,McCuntface,This is a must buy. The HD remake of the rebooted Game Cube version with improved graphics and full controller support. You can't get any better than this.
,Recommended,304240,19608835,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,BisectedBrioche,"By taking the almost perfect ""REmake"" of the first game for the NGC and making the tank controls optional, they've made what's without a doubt the best ""scary"" (as opposed to the more actiony post RE4 games) Resident Evil game.The HD graphics are just a bonus."
76561198141188637,Recommended,304240,18235253,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Steaky,"The voice acting is just as terrible as it was in 1996! It's so bad it's good!-Playing as Chris.-Save Rebecca from Hunter.-Rebecca clearly needs to stay by my side as she can't handle herself or shoot a gun.-Chris tells Rebecca ""she can handle herself with a gun""-Da fuq?-Leave Rebecca (becuase it's allways a better idea to split up)-Starting to think no one wants to survive in this place!-And why does no one in the game seem to pick up obvious plot twists?"
,Recommended,304240,26611572,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Coyote Darkfox,Amazing story and game
,Recommended,304240,27315343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TeraVirus,"This was one of the first games I purchased for the Gamecube back in 2002 and still one of the best games I have ever played. A true survival horror game that will challenge you on the harder difficulties, unlike the newer releases (5, 6, Revelations, Operation Raccon City) that deviate away from what made Resident Evil great in the first place. There's far too much Micheal Bay-esque action and cringeworthy character and story development in the newer releases that has put me off the series for a long time.The diary entires from scientists, security guards and housekeepers leaving their last, horrifying moments through blood stained, scrawled up pages, keeps you wanting to read more. That same feeling is just... missing from releases after RE3, which is disappointing.A lot of nice features in this remaster, such as widescreen 16:9 and enhanced visuals, whilst keeping everything seen in REmake exactly the same.I will be making a number of replays of this, now that i have an incentive to better myself with the achievement system for this game.A must buy!"
,Recommended,304240,22153426,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,PESTILENCE,Didn't run on my pc---But I just can't refund it...
,Recommended,304240,21447633,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Grizz,"This is a great game.it's only 20 buck's, buy it already D:If you love the old school Resident Evil you'll love this game.When I first started to play this remake I was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about some of the new room's in the area's, but over time I grew to like them.The atmosphere is dark, chilling, and awesome. Crow's sound menacing.Cant forget the time I wanted to♥♥♥♥♥♥brick's to a crimson head. ""Oh I killed this zombie, he's not getting back up. pshh. ooo a new key, i can get to-oh wait..that zombie's coming back to life and hauling♥♥♥♥♥toward's me...FUUUUUUUUUCK!""The voice acting is cheesy, but you dont play RE game's for the voice acting.And going through the mansion again with a unlimited rocket launcher is just so satisfying, BOOM ♥♥♥♥♥!And this game is very well optimized, never had a crash! I cant remeber if i found a bug or glitch..no dont think so.Overall a great game, can NOT wait for a RE 2 and RE 3 Nemesis remake!This is my first review so..ya im not good at reviewing stuff :)BUY THIS GAME"
76561198193911222,Recommended,304240,20762853,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Goz,If your a fan of the series or not i would recommend this game.
,Recommended,304240,23970156,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hardees,"what a great remaster, from the orginal, I remember the original the voice acting was terrible..but in the remaster, it's been great to see it fixed. the original one released 1996..Who wants a ""jill"" sandwich?also more puzzles been added. great textures gives you the outstanding horror feeling, one thing always carry a shotgun :P this game I would rate 9.5/10"
76561198007994237,Recommended,304240,15233498,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,lordjas2101,Best RE game up to date. Buy it old school RE Fans and you won't regret.
,Recommended,304240,23771088,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ivan Ivanović Ivanov,Best example of why Steam Guides are very usefull.
,Recommended,304240,15260474,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,matcans,if you liked resident evil 1 (and the gamecube remake) get this!!!!! true survival horror!
,Recommended,304240,20631195,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Blackface Boi,"Easily one of the best horror games of all times, The atmosphere is so thick you can punch through it like a boulder.... Right Chris?"
,Recommended,304240,27384385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☣PonyKing™,"This game is good, I played it since PS's old version"
76561197998198719,Recommended,304240,25183563,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TrakeM,"It's the classic game the way you remember it.  If you like the old resident evil, you'll like it.  The controls aren't as good as the RE0 remake, but it's still great."
,Recommended,304240,28427426,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,wreaver,"Best Resident Evil game in my opinion.Tip for anyone playing on Intel HD graphics:Download the ""slowdown fix"", it will make the game playable. For some reason, the vanilla version always runs at an internal resolution of 1440p, which is why it runs so slow on low-end PCs."
76561198073481933,Recommended,304240,25169880,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,XarisD,"This is an excellent modernization of the original.  It stays very true to the original and adds a little extra flavor along with the better graphics, plus the voice acting is nowhere near as laughable as the original.  The atmosphere is what you expect for a mystery-horror thriller game, with some action elements mixed in.  Fans of the original won't be disappointed, and newcomers to the series really should start with this one.There's really nothing about this title I would change, despite a minor complaint about how the fixed camera gets you stuck in a brief loop in certain rooms.  Those fixed cameras are part of the atmosphere and must remain as they are, as frustrating as it can be at times.  This is a classic that has ported well to the new millenium, and I do wish they would have returned to this formula as the series progressed."
,Recommended,304240,30362566,Posted: 6 March,all,xbox 1 million,"I played 7 a month or two ago and really enjoyed it, and I bought this one during the summer sale so I figured I'd give it a try. It's pretty tedious with the constant back-tracking, and the fact that every door is a loading screen, and the limited saves thing stressed me out, and the story and atmosphere weren't that interesting so I stopped playing like halfway through, but overall I (for the most part) got some enjoyment out of what I played. (Guess I'm just kinda new to the series and not really able to work with the older mechanics. There goes my credibility I guess.)"
76561197967355641,Recommended,304240,24008509,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vuohisek,Good version of a good game
76561198131167842,Recommended,304240,14273739,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,clay544888,Best Resident Evil or at least best Resident Evil formula! Buy this game so it sells well so CAPCOM will bring back this series to its roots. Masterful game.
76561198068059489,Recommended,304240,33534650,Posted: 14 July,all,CookieLord,"haven't played much of it but from what ive played, its basically Luigi's Mansion but with zombies and slightly scarier. I've also never played a Resident Evil game before so the story is interesting"
76561198030387739,Recommended,304240,24200873,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Eagleye70,"Visuals are AMAZING!!2nd floor of the mansion when the lightning reflects off the wall is wicked!same controls as the original and camera angles. havent played that much lately, i gotta find the strat guide...i forgot where to go-nooooo!"
76561198125176845,Recommended,304240,24129933,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lakshman108,"Great Game, brings back memories. The remastered version looks great, although the cutscenes are low def and should have been updated to make the experience more immersive!Use a game controller as this was originally intended for console release."
76561197970198173,Recommended,304240,24182550,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cannon Fodder,Classic Resident Evil 1 Remastered & it's very well made.Good thing Capcom is making Resident Evil 2 Remake too.
,Recommended,304240,19574175,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Perplexityman,"I really like this game. Resident Evil Remastered really does do something magical with its source material. Even back when RE was a PS1 game only people thought it was great. I don't really like that one, but that's mostly because I first played the game on the Gamecube remake. Either way, the important part is that that fear the original game captured so well is still here. Despite the fact I now know it better than my own house, the mansion in Resident Evil really does portray that same sytle of disturbing and spooky imagery and more importantly in HD. The revamped textures and assets really do improve the already brimming atmosphere and the new cutscenes and srcipt rewrites are greatly appriciated! While I may never truly get used to fixed camera angles in games, this version of the game makes it friendly to both veterans and beginners. The only thing I should say is that newcomers to the game should consider getting a good walkthrough because some stuff in this game is equally as cryptic as it was in the previous versions. Hey, I was impressed with this one. As a game, it's stellar. As a piece of media, it was gamechanging. Alot of love went into perfecting all elements of this game and I would go as far as to say it is worht the full price tag. If you're a completionist, you can easily get 90+ hours out of this game; that may even be conservative. Definitely make an effort to get ahold of this one as it's one of favorites!P.S. Resident Evil 4 is still better"
76561198011304006,Recommended,304240,18887269,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mikey,"Final Verdict...One of the best game's ever made, even after over 10 years since I last played it on Game Cube.I want to see Resident Evil 2 remake.I want to see Dead Aim remake.I would pay double what I paid for this remake."
,Recommended,304240,18854373,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rinnyツ,"Needs a patch or better PC port. It's just silly the fact i bought this game only to have to use a fan patch and fix the poorly done PC port (freezes constantly and gameplay frames is slowed down to almost slow mo like effect) basically unplayable.I recommend only buying this game on anything but PC at least until they patch this or if they ever will.I will recommend this game purely on it being a good remake, Not the quality of the PC version."
,Recommended,304240,18843932,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,astro almost,"One of the greatest games ever made, yet one of the most poorly optimized PC ports I've yet played."
,Recommended,304240,18854914,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,AJ  Monteen,"Fantastic and Beautiful game! Graphics are mind blowing and the level of Creepyness is beyond the Sky lol, Dont understand why Capcom wont go back to this, this is the best Resident Evil, so original and Spontaneous!"
,Recommended,304240,18874815,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ben Swagpiro,"Well what can I say about this game...I never played the remastered RE on Gamecube. I only truly learned about it back in 2009 from a friend, when I said I'd never heard of ""Crimson Heads"" in the RE universe. Was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I didn't know how much of a remake it was! I loved the original RE, and grew up playing it on my old Windows 95 system.So I've not played much of the game so far, this has been my experience:- Start game (Jill btw), recognise similarities of original game and notice subtle (welcomed) changes- Use what knowledge I have to not waste ammo on first zombie, get the map and encounter the new defense weapons. Waste defense weapon on first zombie, go to left side of the mansion and find killer statue key puzzle, leave well alone because I can see what's coming if I grab key without a plan. Retrieve the arrow from the small statue. Get killed when I get sandwiched between two zombies in that same area.- Restart game, get that arrow again, also I didn't waste first defense dagger! Save game to prevent all intro boring crap.- Explore outside of mansion and find arrow. Break arrow and use on puzzle outside. Get key, save game.- After a bit of exploration, I find a storage and save room. I then get to the part where you find....lets say, Mr Cider and Lager mix. Run back to safe room to get serum and save (thinking this was where you fight Mr Bitey). Head to Mr Cider 'n' Lager, and he's already K.I.A. Go through door next to him, get past zombie to left and into small dining room. Dark as balls in here. Move cabinet, BOO! Lure Mr zombie away from hidden area and CANT SEE OR PICK UP♥♥♥♥♥♥BECAUSE NO LIGHTER!- Load save, do same but with lighter. Music, woop! Explore mansion a bit, find music room HURRAH....but my piece is stored in the storage box as I like to save space when hunting....Summary: Make fair amount of ""progress"", forget one thing, try to get back to the thing and zombies are now in your path (they weren't ever there before), die just before you turn that thing in after retrieving it, revise path for efficiency, repeat.This is a survival horror game as it should be. Puzzles, limited resources, and a good spanking for those who don't take it seriously. Like an exam in school, learning from your mistakes can go a long way.10/10 Better than original, and this out of shape nitwit is going back to his far superior routes of gaming skill!"
76561198016408656,Recommended,304240,18891820,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,}<ROA}<ER,"Its totaly a game you want, in your game collection."
,Recommended,304240,14290643,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,✿ S m ツ e y,"Original Resident evil, love it or ♥♥♥♥ it. which ever."
76561198090621983,Recommended,304240,14673587,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,gonzzCABJ,"Despite some low res textures here and there, Resident Evil HD REMASTER is what it has always been and even more now.Best just got better.Now let's just pray that Capcom takes notice.EDIT: looks like they took notice, yeeeeeey!"
,Recommended,304240,24789994,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Alejandro4891,"This is one of those games that's so good that you own it on more than one platform. I have fond memories of the Resident Evil franchise that go back to 1996 and with this one, 2002. Maybe it's because of nostalgia for the origina; Resident Evil games, but I seriously think this game is one of the best ever made.In 2002 this game was seriously unreal. The graphics were insanely better and the game felt more fleshed out. I still play the original PS1 Resident Evil at least once a year, but this is definitely the better version of the two games.For the (most likely) few people that have never played this game, it's throwback survival horror. This isn't like most modern Resident Evil games that consist of more action than horror. In this game, there are many factors that contribute to the overall sense of horror. Besides being trapped in a huge mansion with numerous monstrosities, there's also a limited number of items that can be used throughout the game. For the most part, those items are ammo and health.Despite having played through this game and the original PS1 version more times than I can count, there are still instances where I have to carefully plan out what items I use and when. If you play as Jill, this isn't quite as bad. She gets more weapons and with the two extra item spaces, there's not so much backtracking involved. If you play as Chris, you get 1 less main weapon and two less item spaces. As a result of this, you have to carefully plan what to carry or else you'll find yourself running back and forth to item boxes.Besides this somewhat general description of the gameplay, there are many things that make this a truly amazing game. As I previously stated, when this game was first released in 2002, I considered it groundbreaking. With this remastering, it's even better. The graphics are more crisp and there are a few more modes added to change things up.To cut this review short, I definitely recommend it and I give it a 5/5."
,Recommended,304240,30292210,Posted: 3 March,all,Diddle Schnitz,"If nostalgia is what you came for, then this is a great example of a quality remaster!If you wanted to play through the original Resident Evil, but couldn't get over the dated graphics, this is your chance to enter the survival horror! Refreshed and polished to perfection!10/10 a timeless masterpiece that defined a genre!"
76561198095162266,Recommended,304240,24486359,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Resident evil was such an amazing game and is still great to this day. The remaster is basically the same as the gamecube remake save for the added control scheme, video support and further detailed graphics.There's no point in writing a full review for this as many exist out there that give the game the praise it deserves.All you need to know is that it is a true classic and masterpiece. There hasn't been a game that has been able to emulate the fear and feeling you get when you play this game since it's inception.The only thing I wish they would do is add the orginal verion with the remaster that way you could play both and truly appreciate the remaster but thats just getting entitled and demanding. I would also like to point out that the footstep clacking sound is really quiet in this version of the game which is upsetting because I liked hearing the promenent footsteps in the orginal. It really helped the atmosphere since you were in a mansion after all.I recommend this version of the game. If you truly want to experience it properly play with the tank controls. The analog scheme takes away the challenge and if I'm being honest takes away from the game in general.10/10"
,Recommended,304240,24036286,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Smash!,"Resident Evil is the originator of the survival horror genre, and kickstarted the successful commercial franchise that it is today. Survival horror is a unique take on the 3rd person action adventure genre which was common to the fifth and sixth generations of games, combining the inventory puzzle adventure game mechanics of 90's point and click games with resource management combat and some 3D action adventure puzzling as well. Puzzle is the keyword, as Resident Evil is less a zombie apocalypse combat simulator than it is a giant puzzle box, the combat figuring into that as well. Since keys and puzzle items are stored in the same limited inventory as weapons, ammo and health supplies, a conflict is presented in balancing progression items with tools necessary to survival in your inventory, as well as leaving space in said inventory for future items that may be encountered. Combat is less a skill and reflex based challenge but a tactical decision of whether to spend supplies on the enemies encountered.The Resident Evil remake graphically retouches the original, while also adding and changing environments and scenarios and adding new mechanics as well. What is notable about this remake is that other than some graphical and mechanical additions the core gameplay from the original game is left untouched. This is truly a remaking of the original game, rather than a reimagining. So in essence you have a 90's ps1 game with a modernized presentation. For those who expect modern 'features' in the games they play they may find this game antiquated or lacking. Conversely, one could argue that Resident Evil has features of its own which many modern games lack. In an age of increasingly homogenized 3rd person action games, the prerendered action-adventure brings qualities of its own to the table which makes the genre unique to this day.To start with, Resident Evil is not so much a 3rd person game as it is a 2nd person game. A 3rd person game grants a somewhat distant view of your character while giving you agency over their actions and omniscience over the character's surroundings. This omniscience of the character's surroundings in some ways means that 3rd person grants even more agency to the player than first person does. Resident Evil is not about absolute agency however. This is where the game benefits from it's 2nd person perspective, which some games such as Super Mario 64 have used to cleverly characterize the camera, but Resident Evil uses to make the player a passive agent to the game world. Not passive in the sense that the player is not the driving force of the game, but that their autonomy over the game world itself is limited. In Resident Evil the player's autonomy over their vision is limited, they themselves are a far off viewer of the events which unfold over the player character. This static camera has the ability to make the player feel like an audience and helpless to determine what lurks in the surroundings, and to give the player a sense of being watched, as intrusive and lurking camera angles give the player a sense of being spied upon by some unknown.The movement and control functions are built around this static view point, which some may call limiting. However, the game is not crippled by these functions since the mechanics of the game itself are built around them. Combat, as mentioned earlier, is designed to be a cost benefit analysis for the player, not a real-time trading of blows. Resident Evil is a slow methodical game built around problem solving and risk assessment. The ink ribbons are an insurance against gaming this system, forcing the player to calculate the risk of saving frequently after ideal turn-outs versus the risk of waiting longer to save data in the future. The static camera angles also mean that the developer is free to put a greater amount of detail into the level environments, enhancing the adventure game aspect by creating a more dense environment to investigate and problem solve within.Aesthetically, having static camera angles with prerendered environments means that every single room, setting and 'shot' can have an engaging and distinct look, something which is almost impossible to pull off in a traditional 2D or 3D game since even the most visually impressive 2D/3D games must reuse tiles, color palletes or textures. Having been remastered in HD, Resident Evil shows how effective this technique is in creating an engaging and memorable setting, with every room and 'shot' a unique vista. The black magic of prerendered environments means that the game feels like it belongs to 10 years ahead of its actual origin.Resident Evil, and the pre-rendered action adventure genre in general, fulfills a niche for video game experiences which the current industry ignores. Despite this genre being 20 years old(Happy Anniversary!) there has yet to be any other genre or design formula which provides the same experience which these games provide. Ironically despite being old in its origin it would be a very fresh and original game type to make in this current industry. Capcom has the opportunity to give this genre new life with the Resident Evil 2 remake, but it's uncertain how Capcom in its current state will proceed with that game, so it's a very real possibility that the Resident Evil remake of 2002 and its sister prequel Resident Evil 0 are the last that we will ever see of this genre. Either way, I would recommend Resident Evil to anyone interested in the unique alchemy of genres that is survival horror. Resident Evil is not only a substantial interactive experience, but possibly the swan song to a generation of games. Some could argue that the reason this genre died in the first place is because of how antiquated and inconvenient the genre was compared to newer game design philosophies. But then, maybe the point of a video game isn't always to be as convenient and unimposing as possible, but to provide challenging and engaging interactions. The success of retro-hard 2D indie games and the Dark Souls franchise certainly shows that there might be a market for ""old-school"" design philosophies. Maybe Capcom will show how daring they really are and making a prerendered action-adventure out of the RE2 remake, as opposed to a first person jump scare simulator, because nobody has ever thought of that before.Addendum: I highly recommend playing this game with the classic control scheme as opposed to the 'modern' one. All of the combat in this game is built around the classic control scheme which is completely broken with things like frame cancelling never being an intended part of the gameplay. You also miss out on the setting since the prerendered scenes were never meant to be  sprinted by on a first playthrough and you miss out on the atmosphere which is organically presented through the camera angles. If you want to play with the modern control scheme you don't actually want to play Resident Evil, you're looking for Resident Evil 4."
76561198152196838,Recommended,304240,34816060,Posted: 8 September,all,WhatIsMyLife,One of the best horror games ever made other than Sytem Shock 2 and Silent Hill 2. Perfection of the classic Resident Evil formula while Resident Evil 4 perfects the action formula.
76561198047731710,Recommended,304240,35327745,Posted: 30 September,all,LilG,"Capcom did something right when they made this remake of the classic survival horror game. If you've played the original version, be prepared to return to the mansion that's more detailed with new puzzles & enemies to face like the Crimson Head zombies.Get this if you're a fan of the classic survival horror games & enjoy the tense atmosphere. One thing that I miss is that they changed the ""you were almost a Jill sandwich"" line."
,Recommended,304240,35191420,Posted: 24 September,all,Rokutsushy,"True survival horror, this is my favorite game of all time."
76561198088015877,Recommended,304240,35376500,Posted: 1 October,all,Paid,"replaying an old classic, what could be more enjoyable? love it."
,Recommended,304240,19717888,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MR.King_Of_Pentagon,Plain and simple a horror-favorite!
,Recommended,304240,14085528,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,digitalshot,Capcom actually didn't mess up the port. I've played it for a few hours and have come across no problems. It runs at 1080p 60fps for me no problem. I'm slightly confused why people are who are giving this game a thumbs down are saying it runs at 9 fps for them but then again those are the same people who are trying to run the game on their toaster.One cool feature in the game I saw is that when choosing between Chris and Jill you can change their character models between the original Resident Evil models or the more modern Resident Evil 5/6 models of Chris and Jill.This game is a classic and I plan on playing a lot of it because I know I missed out on this game as a kid. So far I've been enjoying it and have yet to get bored.
,Recommended,304240,14630935,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Minticorn,"Friggin' Resident Evil, yo. Buy this."
,Recommended,304240,14081176,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SteeeredRacer,It works on Windows Vista 32My System RequirementsWindows Vista 32Processor  Intel Core2 Quad Q8300 250ghzGraphic Card Nvidia  Geforce 9800 GTRam 4GB
,Recommended,304240,14081613,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,00,This is a MUST PLAY game.It defines the survival horror gentre!
,Recommended,304240,14089114,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bustin,"If you consider yourself to be a gamer, you basically need to own this classic, especially if you are a fan of Resident Evil series. Also Jill’s♥♥♥♥♥♥now jiggle when she walks, I don’t know how anyone can assume this is a bad remake. Now if you consider yourself to be a modern gamer and the scariest survival experience you can think of is Call of Duty Zombies, I will review this game according to your standards. (Disclaimer, I personally give this classic a solid A+). HERE WE GOResident evil is a terrible game I have no idea how anyone could like it. Modern horror games are so much better because I don’t have to deal with all this outdated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that makes a game challenging, adds replayablity and doesn’t hold my hand! I even got killed after finding a Shotgun! Where’s the fun in that, I don’t get to carry any cool weapons at all! Resident Evil? More like Resident SUCK. There is no regenerating health, how am I supposed to survive when my health doesn’t regenerate!? Why can’t I see the enemies before I hear them? I can’t see the enemy how am I supposed to shoot it with my guns!? OH WAIT I only have ONE GUN.  If the game didn’t have the stupid camera and make me pay attention to the environment I could focus on shooting things instead.  And even when I try to shoot the zombies It won’t let me point my gun when I want it to, and even then if I kill something, it DOESN’T DROP AMMO! How am I supposed to survive when I DON’T GET AMMO! It’s like I’m meant to avoid and run like a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥, this wouldn’t happen in any other GOOD survival horror game like Dead Space!0/10- Don’t play this game."
76561198039568025,Recommended,304240,14081589,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GameLantern,"One of the best games ever is back ...Capcom delivers here a clean and efficient remastering of his cult title originally released on GameCube (March 2002). It is a pleasure to dive back into the ""Mansion"" all in HD and with a brand new 16/9 scaling. The result on a modern TV display goes much better than previous versions (GC / Wii) both in terms of image  and sound, also remastered  with a 5.1 surround support for the occasion. Although we can deplore anecdotal number of new features (choice of gameplay old school / new school, some alternate costumes ...) this definitive edition results so tasty that it's difficult to be choosy and bite the hand that feeds you ... ""tasty....itchy. tasty..."" :PPS: unlike the PS4 / One / 360 / PS3 versions, the PC edition offers the option to run at 30 or 60fps"
,Recommended,304240,14083381,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,188man,"Resident Evil HD is a wonderful throwback to the franchises golden age, with fixed camera angles, heavy exploration, stand and shoot mechanics and a inventory system which can put off newer fans to the series, nonetheless i being an old fan who has played all of the Res games up to Resident Evil 5, I feel right at home with this style of Resident Evil.Their is no significant difference from the Gamecube version however the upgraded graphics and new control scheme surprisingly make the game feel fresh to me although the new controls are rough around the edges and desperately need patches, so if I was you I would just stick to the old resident evil control scheme, other than that the game is identical to the Gamecube version not to say that's a bad thing infact it's a great thing.9/10"
,Recommended,304240,14080251,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GoRE 0f W4R,Lisa Trevor...
,Recommended,304240,14080738,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vladimir,"Amazing, much better than gamecube. 60fps is amazing.Recommended 10/10"
76561198020316445,Recommended,304240,14080861,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Obeed,"Absolutely love it! A great tribute to the original game that looks stunning without losing any of the atmosphere, which it has in abudance. The feel of the game is extremely familiar while still feeling new and very enjoyable. If you loved the first one than I highly recomend playing this one."
76561197970917307,Recommended,304240,14081559,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Lemon_rape,I love the game but i have a alienware 13 and having fps problems but love the game
,Recommended,304240,14082736,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Alig200,"A HD Remaster of the 2002 Gamecube Remake of the 1998 Survival Horror classic on the PS1. I've been waiting and hoping for this Remake to come to PC or to consoles for awhile now and it has finally happened, and boy does it not disappoint, boasting upgraded graphics that make the game look gorgeous in my opinion. The choice of two control schemes also assists those who may have issues with the original controls, leaving those experienced players with the option to continue using the original controls. With a full set of 44 achievements, 2 new costumes, expect to have fun playing the game normally, or even tackling the difficult Real Survival or Invisible Enemy modes for extra fun."
,Recommended,304240,14082755,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Draxua,Game wont start 10/10 would press play again!
76561197971912325,Recommended,304240,14105878,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MoreInk,"Going in there are a couple things I have to say. Resident Evil on Playstation was the first horror game I ever played. At least the first game that had graphics good enough that felt like a horror movie, to me. Good enough to genuinely creep me out. (I was 11 when it came out and though I never owned a PS1 myself, I and neighborhood kids would always go to my friends house and play) I will never forget the panic I felt when the first zombie turns to look at you after devouring part of Kenneth, after the dining room. I say this because it's important to know that I am not 100% impartial to the mansion. It's like an old friend.The gameplay hasn't been changed very much from the original's in 1996. I think this is awesome. It wouldn't be in a modern AAA blockbuster 60$ game, but going back now is in no way a chore. I experimented with the classic tank controls and the new ""alternative"" setting. For my first play through I chose to use the updated control scheme, since I have not played in so long to make the game a bit easier in my favor. I plan to go back and play in full classic mode after I beat it with the new control scheme, which is very slick and streamlined. I am using a wired XBOX 360 controller and so far no complaints at all with handling.Inventory carrying limit is still low, forcing you to choose carefully and sometimes have to go back for items you decided to leave in storage that turns out are needed. This is annoying, but it is survival horror and the characters aren't carrying magic backpacks that can carry 4 guns, 1000 rounds of ammo and an assortment of plants, sprays and items. I like this structure. It adds a bit of tension, and yes sometimes repetition to areas that don't need it, but the realism it adds is worthwhile.I am only 1.5 hours into the game at the time of this review but I have seen enough of the mansion and gameplay to assess that there have been no graphics/audio glitches at all. The improved lighting is a huge step up. The backgrounds still remain murky and low res in spots, but I did not find this to detract from my experience. In fact, it only helped to recall those days in my friend's basement, stumbling through the game in terror. My rig is Windows 8.1, intel i7 4770k, 16 gigs of ram and Gigabyte GeForce GTX 770 OC 4GB GPU. I am using the 16:9 display at the highest settings allowed by the game without messing with .ini files. I will change these later, as I am enjoying the current presentation though I will have no problem cranking the game to 4K resolutions. As it is the game looks great. It could very well fool someone into thinking it a modern title at first glance. I am loving exploring the old mansion in the updated graphics. It looks very good in my opinion. There have been no frame rate stutters. I have read people complaining that they kept the slow door opening animations when going from room to room. I disagree and love how the tension goes up as you wait to find out what is behind the door you just figured out how to unlock.The audio has always been a huge part of making a scary setting, and the classic clomps of the boots of the living and zombie footfalls ring through the halls. The sound of gunshots are a bit flat but get the job done. The shuffling of zombies eating and staggering, as well as the moans let you know that you are not alone, and that is not good. The fixed cameras raise tension as it allows enemies to be placed off screen, just the noises alerting you to their proximity. Then you have to go find the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, so that you can end their undead existence.The story has been rock solid in the early REs, so nothing new there. Until it got convoluted and Hollywooded out the♥♥♥♥♥ it has all the classic elements of night of the living dead and other classics, with some geopolitical intrigue thrown in.I heartily recommend this to anyone who has a history with this classic, whether on PS1 or the gamecube version. After all these years, the original Resident Evil/Biohazard title still holds up well enough to perhaps show the world just how far from its roots the series has strayed, and remind us why, in some ways it is a tragedy."
,Recommended,304240,23846418,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xSeifer,The first Resident Evil was a great game. The first Resident Evil with HD graphics is of course still a great game
,Recommended,304240,14103503,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Screaming Prostate,"Still my favourite horror game of all time. The puzzles are great, the design and framing of every shot in the game looks beautiful in HD, this game masters tank controls and Barry's beard still retains it's legacy; everything (in the game itself) just feels perfect to me. The only thing that bothers me is the compatibility problems this game has on pc: the game constantly crashes when I try to open Steam or stream to Twitch while playing. And that's definitely not good for a game where you aren't allowed to save whenever you want."
76561198035525654,Recommended,304240,14080124,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Free succ,just started playing it when it came out and it's still one of the best survival horror games absolutely recommended to buy this game.
76561198015206516,Recommended,304240,14078738,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Calvin,"""Death is everything.""A blind playthrough of this game is a experience that will most likely stick with me until I die.It's the Resident Evil that started it all. This forged the foundations of many mechanics that the series uses, but also abandoned some in later titles. In this game, you get a more horror-like experience and have to actually explore and solve puzzles to progress. You have to learn the surroundings, find keys to gain access to previously closed off areas.The enemies are to be feared, in later titles enemies are usually thrown at you in bulks and waves. And you're given an abundance of ammo to blast them away with.In this, they are used appropriately to portray an actual threat, and in most cases, you have to use your ammo sparingly, and actually look around for it.In later titles, you usually have a linear path in most cases. In this game, it's possible to be backtracking quite a few times, you get extremely accustomed to navigating this mansion I'll tell you right now.Well that's a bit of my opinion on this game. And to top it off, the PC port actually works.This is a fantastic game, obviously not for everyone though. If you want a different experience and want to play a well designed game though, I highly recommend Resident Evil. Especially if you've never played it before."
76561198009879008,Recommended,304240,14078763,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Atilla,10/10 now please make 2&3 Man have i missed these games...
76561198039610650,Recommended,304240,14078742,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Riskwob,"The game looks great, even better than I remembered it through nostalgia goggles.  I have a midrange machine and can play on the highest settings without any noticable slowdown or problems. And the 60 fps makes the game run platinum smooth.If you are a fan of the series, this one is definately worth  it.And if you've never played RE before, this is the best place to start. Strap in and let it take you for a ride [¬º-°]¬ ヽ༽ຈل͜ຈ༼ﾉ"
,Recommended,304240,14087601,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tekkhi,A amazing remake that has aged perfectly and downright the best way to experience the classic horror which still sets the bar for horror in games.
,Recommended,304240,17344747,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Aurelius,"A classical horror masterpiece, best played on hard difficulty. Only thing to criticize was the combat against those ♥♥♥♥ing dogs and some of the lip movement during cutscenes not being in sync with the audio. 9/10"
76561198067612280,Recommended,304240,25022637,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Weed|Dinosaur,"I never played this this game in my youth, since i was -2 years young when it was released. At first i had to grab a walkthrough, since you weren't really told your objectives, and this game doesn't really hold your hand, even less than Dark Souls (one of my all time favorite games) does.But in the end it was an enjoyable experience. It hasn't aged all that well, but it's still above average, and in all ways better than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""survival horror"" games currently saturating the market.7.5/10"
,Recommended,304240,29679395,Posted: 3 February,all,Lametta,"Resident Evil is a classic in the survival horror genre which ofc has good and bad sides.The graphics of the remake are overall not bad but some backgrounds seem to be of lower quality anyhow unfortunately.Besides that some gameplay mechanics(controls,scripted enemies that cant be shot in certain moments etc.) didn't age that well tbh.Played it for nostalgia reasons and tbh i couldnt bother to play it through with chris for a second run since most sings are too similar.But anyhow all in al i would recommend the game when it's on sale."
,Recommended,304240,18417103,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Deshi,"First oldschool survival horror game I've played. Enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, just the right amount of action, puzzle solving and  inventory management, highly recommended."
76561198079563788,Recommended,304240,23230366,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Lieutenant Joker,The graphics look good.The game itself is the same as the gamecube remake which added things that helped the player that  werent in the original playstation game.If you liked the original game then you will like this one.I didnt really love it but i didnt hate it.BTW i didnt play the original game.7/10
,Recommended,304240,24243670,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dark]|[Void,"By far the best game in the series, next to RE2 (please don't screw up REmake 2, Capcom).This game is a masterpiece -- the pinnacle of Resident Evil survival horror! I'm surprised just how good this game turned out, even after over a decade since the original remake's release on Gamecube. In every conceivable way, this game far outshines the original Resident Evil. Everything in the game has been re-worked: new places to explore, much improved dialogue, new items, significantly more difficult, far more immersive, and definitely scarier."
76561198013960069,Recommended,304240,24004826,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Drorl52,love it!great game!!!
,Recommended,304240,24240806,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"Absoluetly fantastic game design; every thing in this game is purposely made and its phenominal.Reminds me of those mid 2000s fixed camera point-and-click adventure games (only much more tense) and I think that's a good thing, certainly refreshing from todays bog standard shootemup horror."
76561198163620730,Recommended,304240,24032823,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Possum King,"Awesome remaster, of a remake, of the original survivor horror!Updated controls and camera make the game easier to enjoy more than ever.Extra unlockable costumes, weapons and game modes provide a lot of replayability.I HIGHLY recommend this game on or off sale."
76561198008934876,Recommended,304240,24219309,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sick Fake,"Good old classic. Harder the difficulty, the less ammo and herbs you get. Static camera is really spooky. I can recommend this horror experiecne to everyone, but those who hate zombies."
76561198066224775,Recommended,304240,34447111,Posted: 23 August,all,MIRA KILLIAN,Enter the Survival HorrorThen play the others and hope to ♥♥♥♥ they release REmake 2
,Recommended,304240,29236979,Posted: 13 January,all,Ganolink,I will not accept death until Jill Valentine sits upon my face.
,Recommended,304240,28776602,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Steeltooth,"One of the best video games ever made remade in HD. Already own it and played through it 3 times on PS3. Wasn't going to buy it for PC but it was on sale so I said why not. Wasn't expecting anything more than what I already had. Just because they CAN make it better doesn't mean they do. No, it's a lot better. Same game but way higher rez. Better frame rate. Better game."
,Recommended,304240,20972929,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kubilay'ın Elli Tonu,This is the real deal. For hardcore and loyal fans.
76561198002822601,Recommended,304240,14204806,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LEOK76,นับเป็นเรื่องที่น่ายินดีสำหรับแฟนๆ ที่มีโอกาสได้หวนระลึกความหลังของเกม Resident Evil ในเวอร์ชั่นรีเมคจากเครื่อง GameCube ในรูปแบบ HD Remaster ที่ไม่เพียงแค่ภาพชัดขึ้นเท่านั้น แต่ยังใส่ฟีเจอร์ใหม่ๆเข้ามาด้วย  กราฟิคดูสวยงามขึ้นมาก คมชัดทั้งฉากและตัวละคร ซึ่งมันทำให้ตัวเกมนั้นดูทันสมัยเข้ากับยุคนี้ไปเลยตัวเกมเพลย์ มีการเพิ่มระบบการควบคุมใหม่แบบบังคับตามทิศทางเข้ามาสำหรับผู้ที่ไม่ถนัดการควบคุมในแบบรถถัง ซึ่งสะดวกกว่าเดิมมาก แถมยังไม่ต้องกดปุ่มวิ่งเอง แต่ในบางจังหวะคุณอาจจะพบว่า การควบคุบแบบใหม่นี้ อาจทำให้คุณเสียจังหวะในการควบคุมเวลาฉากเปลี่ยนมุมกล้อง แม้จะยังกดปุ่มทิศทางเดิมที่ค้างไว้อยู่ ตัวละครก็ยังคงเดินไปตามทางได้  แต่หากจำเป็นต้องเปลี่ยนทิศทาง ก็จำเป็นจะต้องปล่อยปุ่มก่อน ซึงบางครั้งในจังหวะเร่งรีบอาจจะไม่ทัน เช่น ตอนวิ่งหลบหินที่กลิ้งมา เป็นต้นด้วยลักษณะเกมเพลย์ในแบบดั้งเดิมนี้ หากคุณเป็นแฟนตัวเกมหน้าใหม่ในภาคหลังๆที่เน้นแอ็คชั่น ก็อาจจะไม่ค่อยชอบสักเท่าใดนัก เพราะตัวละครไม่ได้รวดเร็ว ไม่มีกลิ้งหลบ ไม่มีเข้าไปกดเตะซอมบี้ โดนซอมบี้จับหากไม่มีไอเท็มป้องกันตัวหมายถึงโดนกัด โดนฮันเตอร์ข่วนขาทีนึง กว่าจะกลับมาบังคับได้ กินเวลาหลายวินาทีจนโดนข่วนซ้ำอีกที กระสุนจำกัดจำเขี่ย ฉากเปิดประตู ลงบันไดเยอะแยะที่อาจทำให้คุณรู้สึกขัดใจ  ซึ่งถ้าหากคุณรู้สึกเช่นนั้น Resident Evil สุดคลาสสิคนี้ ก็อาจจะไม่เหมาะกับคุณแต่หากคุณกำลังผิดหวังกับทิศทางของซีรี่ส์ Resident Evil ที่มันเดินไปอย่างที่ไม่ควรจะเป็น  เกม Resident Evil HD Remaster นี้ จะทำให้คุณได้กลับไปยังจุดเริ่มต้นของซีรี่ส์นี้อีกครั้ง ให้คุณได้ดื่มด่ำกับบรรยากาศในแบบที่คุณโหยหา และไม่ได้สัมผัสกับมันมาในภาคหลังๆ
76561198010345591,Recommended,304240,22153727,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SilentResident,"This HD Remastered version of Resident Evil 1 has full subtitle support!Now, all the cutscenes of the game have subtitles (which can be turned on/off in the Options Menu).I recommend the game without hesitation to all people (including hearing-impaired and deaf ones) who had troubles following up the dialogs and cutscenes without subtitles in the GameCube version of the game!"
,Recommended,304240,14081823,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Thomas Clancy,Runs great for me maxed out setting i5 2500k gtx 770.Still one of the best resident evil games glad its on steam.
76561198065143824,Recommended,304240,29464786,Posted: 24 January,all,mr.tj18,"Game ran really well, on my 3rd gen i5 and gtx 1080. Worth the money got it on sale, and a great way to replay the original game. enjoyed it"
,Recommended,304240,14740340,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dynamite,A solid remake and one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,304240,15028891,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,TIQUAN UNDERWOODDD #BAESQUAD,Simply one of the best remakes of one of the greatest games of all time! <3
76561198119118131,Recommended,304240,29003231,Posted: 4 January,all,Dnt3Z,"Two points I want make clear before writing my thoughts - first I havent plaeyd orginal game, second - finished game only with Jill and it was my first playthrough.This game is really different from nowadays AAA titles. It is not noobie friendly - no autosaves, saves can happen only in specific places if player has specific item. Is it bad? Hell NO! I felt like I really have to survive in this game (not enjoy) for first few hours. Zombies and other enemies are reasonably strong and challenging. Game itself is a huge puzzle, and it took some time to solve them all. Really liked it! Also game has some branching in story, different approaches to proceed further. The only downside ot this game is low rez background. 2015 remaster could have better one, but after few hours you get used to it.I give it 9 zombies out of 10. Looking forward to play as Chris in near future."
,Recommended,304240,32898715,Posted: 27 June,all,Count Dracula,One of the absolute best of the RE franchise.
,Recommended,304240,14083768,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,XeeX,Still the best!!
,Recommended,304240,14348235,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,I refuse to improve.,"Resident Evil / biohazard HD REMASTER is the same title released in 2002, albeit with even further-improved visuals.  The 3D and 2D textures have been markedly improved, but only so much.  While some shots will delight fans of the original remake, others reveal its true age.  Still, a side-by-side shows extremely impressive improvements.For veterans of the series, very little is new, and what is new is optional.  New fans who would struggle with tank controls can opt for the alternative free-moving setup, but it's only an alternative that has its own share of problems.  The visual update includes 16:9 widescreen, but one can opt for the original 4:3.  They also include the options for 30 frames per second or 60.  Though it seems like anathema to PC gamers, I opt for the 30 frames to recreate the cinematic feel to the game, as 60 felt wrong.While the game has aged, it's aged well.  Returning players will most likely remember the mansion they loved to fear and can hit the ground running.  I found myself breezing through puzzles and remembering tricks to get around certain areas.    The game no longer instills a fear in me like it did before, but this is the sign of a more experienced, older player, not an empty title.  Still, not 10 minutes into the old horror I found myself cautious about what lie around the next corner.  The din of moans around a corner, the shambling of footsteps, the sudden crack of a window, the sound of silence and wind, and even the sudden turn of a character's head when they saw something off-screen still made my heart beat faster and my hair stand up.From the eyes of someone who played and beat this many times before years ago, buying this left me seeing the title as a solid 8/10.  For new players, looking for a true survival horror experience, this lives up to the fantastic 9/10 that you've likely heard so much about.  Once you get by the control scheme which may seem awkward and novel, and realize that it's as much a part of the experience as the zombies themselves, you're in for quite a treat."
76561198013299239,Recommended,304240,14078789,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,AzgarthX,amazing game max fps max settings no lag here. Love this game even though I keep dying to the first zombie cause im trying to knife kill it. HAHAH1000/10
76561197972382461,Recommended,304240,34426968,Posted: 22 August,all,DoGCyN,"Another classic remaster in the tank controls department. It should be noted that I played on Hard mode as Chris with Classic tank controls, Type B (Original). Categories typically get a base score, following by pros and cons.Graphics: 7/10==========Normally there would be no surprise here. Game came out in 2002 and this version sharpened that 2002 version up a bit. What does surprise me is how much better Resident Evil 0's pre rendered environments look in its HD remake, as I just played it shortly before this one. I would like to believe I am just imagining it. +7Character models still look half decent, despite the age. +1Pre-rendered environments look like a big♥♥♥♥♥♥ -1Story: 6/10========It's not an inherently bad story, but it's told so damn badly in this game. It was told bad in the originals too though. 6 pts for effort. +6Sound/Music: 9/10==============Same as RE:0, no surprise here. The sound effects for weapons have weight to them, the music is creepy and provides that eerie surreal feeling with just about each and every room, including the beautiful save room theme. Well done. +10Jump scares. -1Gameplay: 8/10===========Let's be clear, I LOVE tank controls. I grew up with them. From the Original original Resident Evils to the Silent Hill games. That being said, they do ultimately suck. Luckily for anyone reading this and not wanting to use them, the HD edition has an updated remastered control scheme that you'll like much much more. It's quite fluid and easy to use.Gameplay revolves around a glorified escape room algorithm. You traverse one room to find the item that will let you traverse the next, all while suriving the horrors of the Mansion. Please note, this game isn't an ""escape room"" game, but it does boil down to doing just that. It's a good thing though. +9Camera angles still suck. -1Extra Category, Voice Acting: 5/10========================It's bad. Nothing else to really say. Well it is better than the Original original Resident Evil. Go look up some youtube videos of that crap and you'll either cringe or LUH MAL pretty hard. +5 for effort.Overall: 7/10 (35/50 = 0.7)===================I still love it, and will probably go play some of the other classics now. It holds up but has noticable flaws. If you are looking for an actual challenging survival horror experience though, look no further. This game does ultimately nail that aspect. Good luck!"
,Recommended,304240,24695401,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,teemu92,"THE Classic Resident Evil, like the 0 remaster this one gets a very high recommendation from me!"
76561198081899823,Recommended,304240,14147440,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Graph1c,"love this game! , this game in HD makes it much better ! it cant be explained , u just have to try it! so much fun and so much scarry sh#tt! for those ho prefer the old RE game, this is like the child hood is coming back. but if u kinda like those new RE games and dont feel like going back on to this games u  realy going to miss something! i realy like this games. hope that capcom will take this in there mind and remake RE2 and RE nemesis too! it would be GREAT!thanks! :D"
,Recommended,304240,27174486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zombie Killer,Jill Sandwich and Title Screen voice makes me horny!!***BIOHAZARD***
,Recommended,304240,24797758,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Goju Ponu,My only regret for this game is not giving it the love it really deserved.
,Recommended,304240,14142115,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mazrogal,"Was happy when they announced Resident evil remake as a HD port to PC. And oboy the game didnt disappoint me, the controlls feels great with a xbox gamepad. Sure the game has some flaws as random FPS drops on some systems but most of the time the game was running fine on 60 fps 1080pi. Took me about 12 hours to playthrough first scenario but i didnt use a guide for the puzzles and barely remembered them from the time i played this game on Gamecube 2002. either way i can recommend this game for people who have never played resident evil before. This game is how resident evil should be not like the action packed 5 and 6. The bosses are fun and the jump scares are still haunting me. I give it a strong 9/10 and recommend it too all my friends the game was not expenive either only 20 euros and you can probly find it cheaper also well worth the money."
,Recommended,304240,30686254,Posted: 23 March,all,Darkstalker Kaathe,GAME OF THE YEAR 2002 ! also My childhood Resident Evil games 1996 :D
,Recommended,304240,14108264,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ColinM,"Resident Evil 0-3 are by far the greatest zombie games in existence.Resident Evil 4, 5, 6 & Operation are by far the worst ""infection"" games in history, I say infection because they're not zombie games what-so-ever and I have absolutely no idea what Capcom thought when they made them, although RE4 isn't so terrible.I'm glad Capcom done something right by reproducing Resident Evil 1 in HD, and what a fantastic edit it is too. It has been a very very long time since I played these games properly, maybe since PS1-PS2 or Gamecube days, but long story short: this game is definitely worth it if you are a real zombie person.This game shows all other ""Survival"" developers how it's done."
76561198166620870,Recommended,304240,25051109,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Since they've fixed the problems at launch its now playable on high end gpu's too!Wow, look at that. They did something right for once - listening to their fans.Moody, atmospheric, horrific and nicely updated from the original."
,Recommended,304240,26910400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jack,Too Good.
76561198014211578,Recommended,304240,26474780,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,UnkindledOne,"so i just finished this game----Pros----good old game very classic-scenery was amazing-fixed camera angles increase spook-great story if you love reading diarys-fair/decent amount health/ammo---cons----explore the entire mansion 50 timestrying to find any particular door-ingame map is pathetically made, making iteasy to get lost looking for a door.- Crimson heads, they arent exactly difficult to killbut every single god damn zombie can come backas one- aiming at birds is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.....- last boss was pathetic.......like really pathetic 6 orso magnum rounds-some puzzles were very particular and sometimestoo obvious. boringly so.!!!BABY SITTING EVERY DAMN CHARACTER IN THE GAME!!!Summarythis game was good if you want the classic experience with a modern feel, simple as that reallyits basically the same as the original RE but just prettier.bosses are over hyped, crimson heads are annoying, hunters are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and youll get lost alot"
76561198010240298,Recommended,304240,14200460,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,seMMic,Been ages since I played such fullfilling and tense game...
76561198001673592,Recommended,304240,17145065,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The Legendary Strider,"BIG SPIDERS, SNAKES, AND SHARKS.......♥♥♥♥ING SHARKS MAN!!!....THE REMAKE OF THE CLASSIC ZOMBIE SHOOTER BEING REVAMPED THIS GOOD, DESERVES A ONE NIGHT STAND WITH A T-VIRUS POSITIVE."
76561198032843025,Recommended,304240,17350804,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Withdrawal,"HD remake of Resident Evil 1.If you played only new ones this is must buy classic.Also its nice even if you have classic version like me.Havent played this in 10 years maybe so first time took me with jill about 11 hours, played it again at same day under five with jill. It has 4 different endings per character and unlocks so i would say,maybe 100 hours of game value in total? most likely even more.Only bad thing is that you cannot bind the controller controls, you have different options like where they are bound allready, works great on x-box controller i bet but i used some generic ps3 controller and had little hard time at first.Some say it has some lag but i didnt feel it at all and if you are worried about it i heard there is some mod that fixes it.Hihgly recommend this reborn classic if you dont allready have it.if you allready have a remake on console this doesnt offer anything new except maybe few fan made mods like door skip mod and console mod.9/10, i would wanted some dlc mods by game makers and rebind controlls by the game makers to make it 10/10."
76561198001713405,Recommended,304240,23711961,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,XBVND,"This game brings back a lot of great memories of the original PSX Resident Evil. That game was THE reason for buying that system!Improved graphics breathe new life into this game, although I miss the poorly written and spoken dialogue, which has been altered for this new version.  Sometimes, it's better to just leave certain elements 'as is', and embrace the wonderful trainwreck it makes.Also, either I have become a really poor gamer, or the difficulty has been increased for this game. I'm finding it takes more bullets to put the zombies/monsters away.All in all, a great game and welcome addition to anyone's library."
76561197991378806,Recommended,304240,14095346,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Act,"Absolute greate remastered version of Resident Evil 1, it's the same feeling like in the original Game. So please make Resident Evil 2 capcom !!!"
,Recommended,304240,14569262,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Nectarine,A great remake of one of my favorite game of all time. Definitely a must-have for any Biohazard fan out there.
,Recommended,304240,14270857,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Alby,"Many years ago a i played the demo of Resident Evil 2 that i borrowed from a friend, straight away i was hooked. I went down to my local games shop and bought Resident Evil Directors cut (with another RE2 demo disk, the one i played was from a magazine)Never before have i ever been ""scared"" in a game. Having to tread carefully, conserve ammo and run to stay alive were new concepts to me.What really kept me interested was ther artwork and storyline, what a masterpiece.Great to see this classic game remastered.If played the original then play this one for nostalgic reasons, if you've never played it do so, you won't regret it.Use a controller if you have one."
76561198024460419,Recommended,304240,14512790,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Shady,Classic masterpiece!! 10/10
76561198076129001,Recommended,304240,14177016,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chris1A,Really good game 9/10
76561198010683478,Recommended,304240,14196971,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sigge,The game was just as amazing as I remembered it and the dialogues just as horrible as I remembered them!Highly recommended to anyone who's a fan of the genre.
76561198009755365,Recommended,304240,14176707,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,=SM= Bateman.MORDHAU WHEN ?,"love this game, please now resident evil 2 hd remake :)"
,Recommended,304240,14158222,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Snippets,"The game that defined the Horror genre is still awesome!Capcom did a great job remastering the game and it looks beautiful.For every fan of the Series or Horror a must have!Even the fact that the original game was released 18 Years ago shows you, that it still can be scary as ♥♥♥♥ :)10/10 would play againbut dont forget about the Jill Sandwich while playing!"
76561197963567753,Recommended,304240,33148242,Posted: 2 July,all,osaka,Excellent remaster.
76561198143406809,Recommended,304240,33255776,Posted: 4 July,all,Kokoro-Chan,Good Game <3
,Recommended,304240,33229552,Posted: 4 July,all,Lionheart,"One of the best games ever made/remadeBuy it now you pleb, stop reading this pointless comment & spend your shekels"
76561197981593552,Recommended,304240,25340373,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,sergioapodaca,GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,304240,33003006,Posted: 29 June,all,Fenix#6913,"if you a carpenter BUY THIS GAMEif you love your door BUY THIS GAMEif you like to eat a door DONT BUY THIS GAME, probably ... at the end you will bite your monitor when loading door apperaed..."
76561198196590589,Recommended,304240,32785962,Posted: 25 June,all,Hex,"The theme is the best among all RE games. Graphics are also good. Only problem is the controls, but they are bearable. Then again, you can use the original controls, but I prefer the alternative controls. Overall, the game is a pretty good experience."
76561198040578693,Recommended,304240,15295381,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Clark31618,Classic!!!!
,Recommended,304240,15331980,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Pari passu - sick :[,get this
76561198026184740,Recommended,304240,14262401,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Northern Eskimo,best 20$ i spent in my life :O !!!Just get it
,Recommended,304240,18843705,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,GuessMan,A good remake!!
,Recommended,304240,20157802,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,braindmg,Pros: bouncing bewbsCons: too spooky for me ;_;
,Recommended,304240,20299565,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Horriblename,Just like the Gamecube
76561198004192959,Recommended,304240,14093213,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,bronzin54,"HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Not only is the Resident Evil remake one of the best Resident Evil games, it is also one of the best survivor horror games of all time. For a game that originally came out in 2002 on the Gamecube, the visuals are AMAZING and even rivals a 7th gen game. This HD port uses the same engine as the gamecube version and enhances the visuals to the max without having to start from scratch. The Framerate is now at a buttersmooth 60fps, though you can change the frame rate to the original 30fps if you so desired. There are two control schemes: The classic ""tank controls"" which I can assume a lot of R.E. Veterans are going to use. And alterante, which makes the controls slightly easier and smoother but seem odd for Resident Evil game that uses a fixed camera. You can now play the game at 16:9 widescreen or play the game at the original 4:3 ratio via the options menu.This isn't just a upscaled port either. Capcom have put a lot of time and effort into this port. The textures, enviornments, character models and meshes are a lot more refined and detailed as it enhances the creepy and immersive atmosphere. I am a HUGE Resident Evil fan and played at the RE game. This is one of the best, if not THE best Resident Evil game ever. A must play for fans of the survival horror genre and for Resident Evil fans alike. 9.6/10"
76561198054468837,Recommended,304240,14119984,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,LORD ASHFORD,"Gorgeous HD remastering of the 2002 Gamecube classic! Great to finally see this on PCafter so many years of waiting...and was WELL worth waiting for! Yeah the Pre-rendered backgrounds look a little awkward at times but that's all part of the ""old school"" Resident Evil experience!For those who are newcomers to this game, you're in for a treat! There are scares around every corner and a very limited amount of ammunition and healing items, meaning you're in for a real challenge on Normal difficulty and above!For returning players, this is the same game that we know AND love....lust with a bit of spit and polish to bring it in line with modern standards!I HAVE to rate this game a 10/10 as this is THE magic formula when it comes to the Resident Evil games, the latest attempts at re-inventing the series with 5 and 6 DID NOT WORK! If Capcom were to remake Resident Evil 2 and 3 like they did with the 2002 Gamecube and the 2015 HD Remaster Resident Evil remakes, maybe then they would answer their fans prayers and get some money into their pockets in the process.You've tried to re-invent the series Capcom and it was a serious FAILURE, now try listening to your LOYAL FANS!!!"
76561197977801624,Recommended,304240,14079078,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MKv,"First time playing the remake (loved the original on PS1) and I am having a blast, game looks and sounds amazing.  Only problems I had with it so far playing on a laptop were audio/video sync and poor game performance.  All I had to do was tweak the game .exe to choose my nvidia GPU over the integrated graphics.  After that. game played perfectly."
,Recommended,304240,14082840,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,KaRENs,A great game 10/10
76561198004201910,Recommended,304240,14082829,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dreadfield,"I am from the old time, fans,  played this gem in 1996, then tasted the remake gamecube ,and  thought it was the best Resident evil and survival horror game ever, so this remaster is not the exception.look pretty updated to modern standard graphics, with the new lighting effects, and the 60 frames on pc, is well handled.Now.. that so many old and so old fans played this game, some of us are tired, of the opening doors sequence ,the game, used this animation screen,to load the next ,scenario, now that machines are more powerfull we dont need those kind of hidden loading screens,so,, there is already a mod to skip the doors animation , and is in the community hub of the game,is a minor thing, thankyou very much to the moder.Capcom work on this rendition is very tight, they didint put  a 100 per cent of their hands on it at all, only in the important scenarios, the famous upscaled backgrounds ,this affect some areas like the aqua ring looking with artifacts all over it like when you take a small photo and you resise it to, like four times bigger.They choose to retouch here and there ,and only priorize the hard ones, where video files played in the past , like the fan of the laboratory, they replaced now ,with real time 3d  poligons some animated some static, even so, the game still holds up pretty well, if capcom would remade everything in 3d, it would looked  perfect,but, surely the money didnt cover everything,anyways that is talking to another thread.Is prefectly playable, and is only a cosmetic side.now the exiting things and the downside things!X)+ awsome upgrades on lighting.+60 frames option work like a charm only STEAM+support any resolution+ still retains that awsome magic this game had in the past.+the textures on characters are high res,but not super high res, they could look easly better on pc.+the principal characters are more high poly now than before, looking way more realistic with ambient oclussion on them.+ new skins from lost in nightmare dlc (gold edition)+multiple languages with subtitles. audio only english or japanese.:(-Miss More remade backgrounds ,a shame..-modern control its ok.. there isnt other way to implement others type of control is a fixed camera game, the modern control works , when you see your character on the screen you move your stick to left and the character will go to left , the tank controls works..  when you move your stick, the only way to move forward, is taking the stick to up direction, no matter, wich side of the screen, your character is, is like controlling a tank torret.If you never played the old games, this is your chance ,surely they have less action, but they will left you, with a totally diferent taste, in you mouth, forever.laptop users wait for a patch it seems is not well optimized on laptops.The machine i have is a desktop with gtx 580and a 930 clocked to 3.99 and runs like water.no problems and bugs found.9.4 because capcom is lazy."
,Recommended,304240,14086344,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zoomer9000,"This is one of the most suprising, yet best PC ports ever made! the graphics are stella with the only exceptions being some of the pre rendered backgrounds but as they were made in 2002, its not at all a problem. the game is vastly different form the PS1 version so if you never played the gamecube one (or just never played the series in general) the scares will be all new. The new control scheme takes away the aquward tank controls (but these are still avaliable to hardcore fans). overall this game is a must buy for anyone wanting to have their brain and their nerves pushed to breaking point!all that is left to say is this...ENTER THE SURVIVAL HORROR"
,Recommended,304240,14097740,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,M3gadeuce,"First I'd like to get this off my chest. Resident Evil remake is not only my personal favorite game of the series by far, but it's also in my top 5 most favorite games of all time. That being said, I couldn't describe how excited I was to hear that this was coming to steam. So how does this stack up to the original remake on Gamecube?In my opinion, 60 fps on this game is very much a welcome addition to this hd remake. Character and enemy designs are better and some areas in this remake are even more goregous compared to the original. The sound quality is better too. Also, there's a new control scheme for newcomers to the classic Resident Evil formula, which is yet another positive added to this version. I prefer the old tank controls however, but then again, I've played and beaten all of the numbered Resident Evils from 1 to 6.As far as my gripes with this version, there are a few that do get on my nerves. First, while there are areas that look better than the original version of the game, there aren't really that many. A good amount of them look rather pixelated, and the quality of the video cutscenes don""t seem to be that great either. The pixelated areas kind of detract from the atmosphere in this game,  which is kind of irritating.It also seems that a lot of laptops who have more than enough power to run this game are still having difficulties getting 60 fps. Last, they should really do something about the mouse in game. I don't want to have to keep hiding my mouse in a corner so that the arrow doesn't get in the experience.Is this game better than the gamecube version? In my opinion, the gamecube version is still better than this one, but even so, this is still a game that everyone should have the chance to experience at least once. If there is anything for me to wish for, I can only hope that a patch can come for this game soon for laptop owners."
76561197971893870,Recommended,304240,14119892,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CrazyJD,"I just support the seriers... In hope to get more good games..This is nice tho i loved to play it... With the HD..BUT as I think everybody needs/wants the RE2 Remake.. So if everybody helps, then I hope they will make it. =)"
,Recommended,304240,14083131,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Truther,"The remake is everything I could have wanted, highly recommend for fans looking for the best in the series."
,Recommended,304240,14084993,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,WildChickenNutz,Just like the good old days with better graphics :). I have no issue with this game runs beautiful.
,Recommended,304240,14089990,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"It's back. And it's better than ever. Fans rejoice! This is THE best version to date. Tank controls feel natural with WASD, even better than with a d-pad. Not sure how newcomers will react since much of the game design and control is very old school, including the pre-rendered backgrounds and fixed camera angles. Nonetheless, old school never looked or felt so fresh. Those new to the game willing to give it a chance may find the true definition of survival horror buried beneath the classic aesthetics and controls. Highly recommended for players who miss the original RE and Silent Hill days. His name is not mentioned on the store page since he no longer works for Capcom, but Shinji Mikami shines again."
76561198131733393,Recommended,304240,14078587,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,One of the best horror games in history ... no ammo No survival...10\10(Greeting born in the eighties)
,Recommended,304240,14087213,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ahab,"This is a truly amazing port and game. It works flawlessly on 60fps, 1080p. The character models are superb, and the remaster is amazing for a game that is 19 years old. If you're on the fence, look no further, just buy the damn game.GG Capcom 11/10.Now make Resident Evil 2 and 3 like this."
,Recommended,304240,14100494,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Alastor,"Ok I love this game runs perfectly yay :)and as for the negative reviews.... seems like some people dont know how to read fine printNote: Some high end integrated graphics chips and modern laptop class discrete GPUs may work but have not been tested, nor are they officially supported by Capcom.in other words play on a laptop at your own risk"
,Recommended,304240,14083045,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,INaN,It's REmake. In HD. How have you not already bought this on that premise alone?
,Recommended,304240,14083453,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ryiuken,"Thank you for this porting. Amazing experience so far, runs extremely smooth at 60fps everything maxed out. Perfect!."
76561198029956050,Recommended,304240,14084584,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kevs,Almost became a Jill sandwich10/10
,Recommended,304240,14085208,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MattRock93,"Amazing port and remaster. Loving it.Only issue is it would of been great to have the option of the original voice acting and the original FMV intro cutscene.And why doesnt barry say ""Jill sandwich"" or ""Master of unlocking""   makes me sad :(Best lines in a game ever, they should of been in this remaster :)"
76561198086522043,Recommended,304240,14085948,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,twattymctwatface,resident evil is one of the best survivial horror games ever. it just pisses me off that the game won't work for me properly
,Recommended,304240,14086805,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sko0b,Same stuff :D LUV IT :DPuzzles has evolvedMore roomsSo far i love it
76561198025198072,Recommended,304240,14087454,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shaunxp,"What else it there to say? Its Resident Evil in all its survival horror glory, in glorious HIGH DEFINITION GRAPHICS.For any fans of survival horror this is a must and the improved graphics are just the icing on what is already a pretty damn tasty cake."
76561198079030274,Recommended,304240,14088233,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Vault Boy,"Talk about nostalgia...Purchasing this game was an easy decision for me. I would buy any of the old Resident Evil games that are remastered (hopefully they remaster the second and third one too). Firstly, I read some other reviews and they were all slating the optimisation of this game, for me there is no problems. I have an i7 4790K with an ASUS GTX 970 and this game runs flawlessly at 60FPS as that is the cap that I have set. It went into fullscreen first time on the options menu and all of the settings were automatically configured to high as well as FXAA antialiasing.Gameplay wise the game is brilliant. The player models and interactive objects look great in HD graphics and you can either choose the traditional Chris/Jill or the newly created Chris/Jill. Whilst having the newly updated player models the background still rendered image keeps the authentic, survival horror theme to the game, of which it created.Without being biased I can strongly say that any avid Resident Evil fan will love this remaster whatever the look/gameplay is like. I am one of those people. I also like how this game will hopefully create new fans of the series as the time that this new HD remaster has come out, a whole new generation of gamers will get to experience it which should be considered a gift and should be respected.Overall, I think this remaster is brilliant and is worth the money for any fan of the series and even new players who are interested."
,Recommended,304240,14089136,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nod,420Sandwiches/322
76561197984981616,Recommended,304240,14089552,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kitanii,"I'm definitely happy with it. Biggest question I had was how the visuals would hold up seeing as how they've tried to remaster low resolution backgrounds and models. In that department most of the backgrounds actually look pretty good. Especially if you sit a couple of meters from your monitor/television. Some of them though look like absolute♥♥♥♥♥ With all those resources I definitely feel that they could've remodeled some of the environments. The fans deserved it. The game deserves it. The areas affected/those that didn't get enough attention breaks the visuals and ruins the atmosphere a bit which is such a shame. New is the widescreen support which is awesome. All in all it's a fantastic game, a good port and one of my all time favourites. Tank controls forever!"
76561198040764189,Recommended,304240,14100046,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,johnsourl,"I always wanted to play the gamecube version of Resident Evil 1 . Now I can.Graphics have been improved, a little more than upscaling,  Prerendered backgrounds look ok.Controls have been improved beyond belief.OId resident Evil titles had problematic controls,everyone was sayingit was adding to the survival horror experience.Well try these new controls and you'll never go back.Sound is crisp.Dialogue isn't as laughable as the first Resident Evil.(Maybe that's a bad thing :D)Overall this game is worth it, I bet you're going to like it."
,Recommended,304240,14101984,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Cerberus,Played the Original game on the Gamecube back in 2006And loved this game ever since.Now that it's on the PC in Full HD 1080pit has been perfected in every wayit gives me chills & being scared in a whole different way then on the gamecube back in 06Once again Capcom do a Marvelous job at perfecting a Classic Resident Evil GameThis is the True Survival Horror Genre By Shinji MikamiRecommend this game to anyone that haven't gotten a taste of the Remake of Resident evil 1
,Recommended,304240,14109445,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,RIO,"♥♥♥♥ing enjoyed every bit of it, never put so much time into REmake before, even though i've been able to play it I've just never felt like it, but seeing as how it released on PC I decided to give it a go and didnt play anything else until I finished. It's a pretty spooky game and the environment does well along with the creepy ambient soundtrack.  Easily a 10/10 for me, hopefully Capcom will put Resident Evil Zero on here too."
76561198030876835,Recommended,304240,14112055,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Axarin,9.5/10.
,Recommended,304240,14119460,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,DMStewart,"So happy to be playing RE on my PC. Character models are great, alternate control scheme was a good idea (sometimes the original is very taxing; hard to play a long time with it). This is the first time Ive played this since the 90's on Playstation. Capcom did a decent job revisiting one of the greatest games ever made. The first horror survival may still hold the crown."
,Recommended,304240,14082983,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kill On Sight,Pay to support Capcom bring all RE titles to PC!
,Recommended,304240,19551781,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,duvancho64,Best resident evil game ever. (after RE2 of course ¬¬)
76561198177720195,Recommended,304240,19736316,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TheKushJedi,Handsdown the best gamecube game remastered for PC
76561198137521538,Recommended,304240,19723728,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,DJ PRINC3LECTRO,HELP!!! PLEASEEE My game is so sloww and audio not synced Can anyone please help?  or did i mess up $20
,Recommended,304240,19574772,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pandy,.
76561198029242857,Recommended,304240,17586183,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],"Yeah baby, killing zombies again like in the old ""Resident Evil"" days!!!Come get some zombies, come get some!!!!"
,Recommended,304240,14083095,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fossilfern,"What can I say that hasnt been said already? This is a fantastic remake of one of my favourite games on the PS1/Saturn. And this is my favourite remake of any game of all time, a game that came out on Gamecube and now this is a re-release of that REmake and its even better! 60FPS, Improved lighting, an option for alternative controls for those who dont want to use the ""tank"" movment, you can select between aspect Ratios 4:3 (original) and 16:9.This is when Capcom were probably at their finest and before Resident Evil was turned into some sort of third person shooter with all the subtle understatment gone in favour of bravado with explosions in your face and poor gameplay,  seeds of which were laid by RE4.I'll keep it simple. If you like Survival Horror and never experianced this gem of a game then you need to buy it, its corny in parts but it adds to the charm and the unease of the game. I just hope Capcom do the same for RE0."
76561198031037718,Recommended,304240,14753554,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Scumdog Millionaire,Got distracted by Jills butt and got eaten by a zombie 10/10
,Recommended,304240,14091744,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nemz38,"10/10Pros-If you have or havent played this game before its a great remaster and great nostalgic trip-Runs as smooth as Barry-The exact remake story so no changes to the awesome RE:Remake and brings back the old survival horror feel-Saves make you want to tear your hair out sometimes, but your fault for not saving..♥♥♥♥♥-Voice acting is the same as before, so bad its good.-HD textures can look very amazing and eerie at timesCons-Textures in the background look old but what ya gonna do-3rd party agreement for clouded saves-No boobs-Chris isn't on roids unless you use BSAA costume-Voice acting if you hate bad voice actingOverall-Buy this game if you like zombies, a challenge and true survival horror"
,Recommended,304240,21410417,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dorkseid,"It's Resident Evil/Biohazard.I don't need to write a long review explaining why this is one of the best games ever made.You already know that.So instead, I'm going to list my one problem with ReReRe AND how to fix it.ReReRe, much like ReRe is missing the original 1996 voice acting.Luckily, there's a mod that puts the glorious original voice acting back in.It can be found here:http://residentevilmodding.boards.net/thread/5247/original-1996-voice-acting?page=1&scrollTo=53662So if you're like me and Resident Evil just isn't Resident Evil without the infamous voice acting, download this mod and rexperience a truely ageless game."
,Recommended,304240,14094577,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rocky™,"story and gameplay plays out much the same as the original though alot of the puzzles have been changed, the game keeps you inerested by providing that first resident evil story with some fresh and interesting content aswell as not straying too far from old content either, upgraded with rich detailed environments/characters/lighting/sound makes this game in my opinion a true gem, Remake RE2 PLEASE devs!!"
76561198076249060,Recommended,304240,15808232,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Codename 47,A true remaster. Highly recommended
76561198136882706,Recommended,304240,16324081,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dreyast,Absolutely love the mapping and texture and all around game play :D
,Recommended,304240,15661173,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Candy Joe,Fantastic rework of an age old classic survival horror game.
,Recommended,304240,15881036,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hatehoven,"This is by far my favorite Resident Evil. I was a big fan of the original on Playstation one, but this version just takes the cake. Definitely a must own :bow:"
76561198067180939,Recommended,304240,16019966,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,0ns1aught,Excellent remake of a great original. Only complaint is the final moments of the game seem rushed and the last battle seemed to lack a lot of the polish that was seen throughout the rest of the game.Overall excellent remaster
,Recommended,304240,17293607,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,GatorGolfing,Resident evil 2 remake... Now.
,Recommended,304240,17989475,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Above_Zero,Its the best resident evil game on steam.  Hope to see more of this kind of thing.
76561198158171462,Recommended,304240,18138555,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dick_Kickem,I just hope its not Chris' blood
,Recommended,304240,18564480,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Santoszoso,Now I remember why I hated dogs as a kid...
76561197969859546,Recommended,304240,33637480,Posted: 18 July,all,BOOMxCHIKN,"This is THE Definitve Resident Evil, if you've not played this already you NEED to."
76561198063809291,Recommended,304240,33619338,Posted: 17 July,all,Classy Sassy man,one of the best masterpieces in gaming history. BUY IT.
76561198014600724,Recommended,304240,14385295,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,novastorm//pt\\,"This is the true residentevil game,i miss the 90s games i hope residentevil2,3 and codveronicax will come out for pc aswell also future residentevil titles stop being shooters and go back to the true residentevil formula..."
76561198163975969,Recommended,304240,18850290,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DoggieDawg,AWesome Game!Old classic Horror with a puzzle to add!
76561198025873471,Recommended,304240,14204174,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Casshern_Sins,OK!!! I have a gaming Laptop with a good rig. AND I GOT THIS GAME TO WORK!!!!! Thanks to a some online tips that Capcom failed to help with (it was indie helpers) this game can now work flawlessly even with a Laptop rig. Just follow these instructions and you can play this game. Although this only works for people using NVIDEA graphics cards....but who doesn't?Go to Nvidia Control Panel  and set High performance Nvdia -> manage 3d setings -> select the preferred graphics processorChange setings   Multi-display to single display performance modepower management mode to prefer maximum performanceshader Cache  to offtexture filtering - Quality   to high performance         and done﻿
,Recommended,304240,14204292,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bookfag,"I've played both the original and the remake a million times and I've never gotten bored!Dialog is quite cheesy but exploration, puzzles, and monsters still captivate the hell outta me.One of my favorite games ever and now it's even prettier!!"
76561198021827061,Recommended,304240,14081847,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,"Capcpom did a great job modeling Jills buttocks in this game. Oh yeah, they also added jiggle physics to Jills breasts, seeing her breasts jiggle like ocean waves in her tight S.T.A.R.S shirt is pretty swell.""11/10 Would watch Jills buttocks wiggle again.""Though the voice acting from the PS1 game should be an option, I know it wasn't an option in REmake but still.""8/10 You were almost a Jill sandwich. It would be better if you, the master of unlocking take it with you. Stop it, DON'T OPEN THAT DOOR!"""
76561198074171817,Recommended,304240,14082119,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mr.simple.lukkas,"The best Resident Evil!Please Capcom, make more games like this one. Forget Resident Evil 4, 5 and 6.Make new ones with this style and you'll see the Phoenix Rising again.Resident Evil Zero HD Remaster: We're waiting for you too!"
76561198069224857,Recommended,304240,14079647,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,organicpeach,"i would post a review on youtube but ps4 owners would just tell me im a liar and that the game doesnt run silky smooth @1080p 60fps for me with absolutely zero drops.i would also be told by ps4 owners that my rig cost £30,000 and that the difference between this version of re remaster is worse than ps4 because the framerate is supposed to be only 30 and the pausing between each screen is console adds to the experience.i would also be told that all the controls suck on pc despite me using a 360 pad which is perfectly designed for tghis game as you would expect and the new controls actually help a lot.i run a gtx 970 and i7-3770 and both cpu and gpu utilization is very low so i would expect even the most modest of rigs to play this with ease.it may noy be the most technically challenging game out there from a graphical point of view but it does have a fantastic lighting engine and atmosphere. character models are superb and animation is extremely convincing.this game is a perfect port. in fact due to console performance i would say it was developed on pc then ported to console. however being capcom i know this wouldnt have been the case so hats off to them for delivering the goods."
,Recommended,304240,14095184,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Grim Bunny,Just give me RE:2 now!8/10
,Recommended,304240,32873650,Posted: 27 June,all,WλR HOG 419,writing a  review for the steam summer 2017 sale.. so if you dont know this game is good and the best in the series you can go boil an egg
,Recommended,304240,32690217,Posted: 23 June,all,Zanpakuto559,"This game is as good as the Console version...Excellent Graphics.Great Frame Rate.Combined with the controls you get from the Steam Controller, the game runs incredibly well. infact, you can't get any better than this. So yeah, I would recommend this game, especially if you're a huge fan of the Resident Evil Game Series."
76561198006849221,Recommended,304240,32751597,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,Alone in the Dark started it. RE perfected it. Get this game and know your history.
76561197974303470,Recommended,304240,14092239,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Megatron  (_)_)::::D,Always been a great game. I have this for GameCube and Wii & Now the best Version yet! PC everything looks so great! and the controls are good! one of the best RE games of all time!
,Recommended,304240,14341151,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Kira is a Tomato,"One of my favorite survival horror finally got remastered. Just finished my first playthrough, and I don't regret buying it at full price. Worth every dollar spent if you're a fan of the genre. :D"
76561198011140987,Recommended,304240,18922385,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,refans2005,"Yes, so much yes."
76561198062477459,Recommended,304240,25325308,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,☾TheDepressionSession.,"IS good, family friendly and very enjoyable for children under the ages of 12."
76561198059769843,Recommended,304240,29717049,Posted: 5 February,all,Mattymopoke,10/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,304240,24729447,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"Resident Evil remastered is a faithful reimagining of what happened at the mansion which was interesting to revisit. As a younger man I had played the first resident evil on ps1 millions of times so I was able to get through a lot of this game with ease. There are some things they did in fact change about the game to make it suit its gameplay that I wasn't a huge fan of, but all in all it is a great game that I would suggest others to play."
76561198067635854,Recommended,304240,14078044,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Oro ?,MY DOOR OPENING SIMULATOR IS BACK 11/10
,Recommended,304240,14078293,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Night Jiggler,Became a Jill Sandwich.10/10
,Recommended,304240,21317266,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,LightninDash,"The survival horror of the 90s is back! This is an HD Remaster of the 2002 Gamecube Remaster of the 1996 Playstation Original: Resident Evil. Confused? You should be! Well not really, this is an HD upgrade of the Gamecube version of the same name.Compared to the Playstation original. Besides the upgrade in graphics. The game was vastly expanded, with the mansion having more secrets, more traps and more Resident Evil!Gone is the bad voice acting that made the Guinness World record 2008, but back is what is Resident Evil in a nutshell. A slow paced, cheesy, creepy horror survival game where you control either S.T.A.R.S Members Chris or Jill. By this point, most of you should've already know that.Unlike Resident Evil Zero. You don't control both characters at once, you select them at the start of the game, with the other missing. You play the games in the perspective of one of them. While story wise, events unfold pretty much the same and both characters are basically Identical except for a few tweaks. Bare in mind, this is still a 90s / Early 2000s game at heart and the game is short and kept mostly simple without getting too deep into it.The obvious upside to this HD version of the game is the once again updated visuals, this time sporting 1080p+ amazingly detailed and gorgeous areas. 60FPS game-play, new alternate controls, two new costumes and a ranking leader-board system to show off how much you cheated get 00'00'00 on Hard mode.Even though this one came before the Resident Evil Zero HD remaster. I can't help but feel that some more love was added to the later game. RE0 has costume DLC packs, even a new Wesker mode. The leader-board system is not included in RE0 but this one comes with the Soundtrack. You can change the controls here on the PC version to pretty much anyway you want. Yet that is locked in RE0. What's with the lack of consistency here?The visuals are great, but for some reason when compared to RE0. It seems that not as much attention was focused on it. I understand this was the first of the two HD remasters but I can't help but feel at some areas in this game, they got a little lazy.Also, what's with some of remixed music? Again, not found in RE0. That's fine in all in fact some of them are great. Except for one at least. But I find it a bit odd they didn't do the same for RE0.You can change the controls and technically the graphics to mimic that of the Gamecube / Wii version. There is not much I can say without going too in depth but I'm not the in depth kind of reviewer. This is simply a great trip down memory lane to a simpler times where Resident Evil was Resident Evil. And not something that is trying to copy another franchise that is totally unrelated to what made the series loved in the first place.Huh, where did that last part come from? Anyways, if you enjoy Classic Resident Evil or Old school games. Or you want some cheesy 90s horror. There is nothing better than Resident Evil in 1080P+ 60FPS! Though if you enjoy RE4 or later. You might wanna skip this one, might be a little too slow for you guys.And hey, it's $20! C'mon give this old sucker another round. It still has teeth to chew off your brain dead gaming corpse..."
,Not Recommended,304240,14702206,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dominic,I will admit I played this game a lot On the gamecube and I liked it a lot and I mean a lot but I will not give this version a yes over the slow mode matrix thing glitch that happens to a few people counting me.These are my thoughts and mine alone you can have yours but these are mine.Well I will admit I got the slow mode thing like some people best way to talk about it is like watching a slow mo scene in enter the matrix but any ways I can see capcom can be a little bad on computer ports at times then at other times they seem to do well but this is not the case for me on this one.So I will be giveing my Game Cube Review on this one so this may be a little off but gives the base goods and bads of it.new Version wise i did notice one thing.1 Can now Reload Guns with the R buttonNintendo Gamecube wise.The Goods1 I really liked the story in the remake of Resident evil but I will admit I do like some of the older Playstation 1996 and Nintendo DS ones funny parts.2 Graphic wise it looked pretty nice for its time.(Still does to me.)3 Can Play as two characters Chris and Jill with stuff that make them both special in there own ways.4 While Chris and Jill do kind of go through the same parts in the story there story is pretty different in some ways so different things happen meaning adds more replay vaule to the game.5 Pretty interesting at times Zombie and monster selection was pretty nice for that games zone it was in.6 A decent amount of weapons.7 They did a Pretty Good job on makeing the areas in the game.8 Liked the music. But feel they took out some of the good music in the 1996 Resident Evil.9 Crimson heads10 some what of a Collecting game where you go around collecting stuff to advance in the game.There is more but i do not want to spoil the extra stuff.The very BadLike I said slow mo for some people. (With maybe no patch in sight but who knows if it does come out and it does work i will change this.)The bads and to be honest these are not even that bad.Can not play as Barry (Opionion)Can not play as Wesker (Opionion)Can not play as rebbecca (Opionion)No Machine Guns. (As far as I knew from playing this a lot on the game cube may be different in this version. But yeah this was a small one for me that I could live with but for those who need a machine gun to enjoy this well this is a heads up.)The Irritating.the one and only. Can not set down items you pick up unless in a chest. I can live with it fine though but can you thats the question.OverallWell like I said I would say yes if they came out with a patch to fix slow mode because I can play it and so many others who seem to get the same problem. But untill then I say I would just recommend the Video Game System ones for the Play Station 3 or 4 And for the Xbox 360 and Xbox one. In other words not rateing the game it self down just this version of the port.
,Recommended,304240,22251963,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Assasinated by 🦍,Great Game - brings back memoriesOnly if i could run it :(
76561197970964325,Recommended,304240,34028483,Posted: 4 August,all,Zombie Roger,"The first time I played Resident Evil was when it came out on the GameCube as a remake. Ever since, I've played this game for countless hours. Even after nearly 14 years of playing this game, I can still remember ever single place.I recall the first time I played this game on the Gamecube. I was blown away by the graphics and I was so drawn into the game. The first time I played it I used up nearly all of my ammo and died countless times trying to figure out the puzzles and pieces. I read every single paper.Today, I coudl play this game with plenty of ammo in reserve. This game is hard, but it's also super simple once you know how to do everything.My playtime on Steam is quite low but if you take into account how many hours I spent playing this game across the 14 years on my gamecube, it could span out to the 100s.I wish Capcom would release all of the RE games on Steam. Especially 2 and 3 and Code Veronica."
76561198222230264,Recommended,304240,34057498,Posted: 6 August,all,心,"A masterpiece without any signle doubt.Only disapointment are the graphics. On maxed settings everything looks pixelated and just bad... I don' know how this can even be called an ""HD remaster"".Otherwise, 10/10."
76561198021783492,Recommended,304240,33540128,Posted: 14 July,all,Bearminator,"-- GAMEPLAY --PROS-Nice oldschool game, feels like the original with better gfx - The devs did a really good job here!-Intense all the way-I always get surprised how long this game is-Its possible to remove door opening between scenes with a mod (I didnt, but get why others want to)-If you get into the story and read all the files, it adds to the horror atmosphere-Monsters spawn/respawn different places in the game, works well to add to the atmosphere tooCONS-You cant start on Hard, until you complete the game once with either the Sandwich or Chris-I personally think normal contains way to many Ink Ribbons, making it to easy-- PERFORMANCE --PROS-Graphics looks very good-Differnetly made for tank controls, but i think ""alternative"" is the best solution to modernizing the controlsCONS-I had to apply fixes, to make it run smooth, but there is a lot of guides for that - Resulted in stable 60fps. Before that it seemed to run at 85-95% game speed-- BEFORE YOU BUY --Its not a shooter, you cant run and shoot at the same time, and have to conserve ammo. Most people forget that there are more areas than just a mansion in this game. You have to be into trail and error games, and a bit of inventory management. The game is oldschool, so expect minor annoyances if you choose the modernized control settings. If this game doesnt looks like a challange, choose Resident Evil 0 Remaster - Its a bit harder, with a somewhat more modern-game feel(..the release dates, i know). I suggest you stay away from guides/walkthroughs, as this will probably remove the fear factor of the game, as you know whats next.I do recommend this game, even at full price-Enjoy the fear"
76561198043032732,Recommended,304240,28879932,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,H|X,The classic resident evil experience repackaged for today.Recommended.
,Recommended,304240,29448955,Posted: 23 January,all,CrazyAvatar,"Resident Evil / Biohazard HD REMASTER is Beautiful. Why you ask?:Good Things:✔ The Graphic's Are Great...✔ Characters Being Remade Are Awesome!!✔ Bosses Are More Of A Challenge!✔ Old Cutscenes & Now The New Cutscenes!!? (Well Made!)✔ Nothing Changed, Looks Like The Old Resident Evil 1 (Thank You!)Bad Things:✖ Buggy, When They're At The Mansion Door! (Sad)✖ Can't Think Of Anything!✖ Is There Anything Else!?✖ Umm, Idk...✖ Let's Just Call It Quits!• P.S. - I've Alway's Been A Resident Evil Fan Of The Franchise!!! (I'm Not Gonna Stop Either!)"
,Recommended,304240,23251668,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dongurd,"It's a pretty good remaster. I suggest it for nostalgic players that would like to experience a game from their childhood in again but in Hi-rez.Also good for younger players who want to experience the classic survival-horror game.Overall, comapred to modern games, it has quite archaic UI and gameplay and a bit muddy background textures. But it so fun to play :D"
76561197992498441,Recommended,304240,23263159,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Apocalypse [URUZ 7],"Good game, but playing with keyboard is kind of strange"
,Recommended,304240,23448214,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mystia,the hydrant kills wesker and you kill him its only fair he cheats anyways you can only kill him with the rokcet luncher what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t make sure you get chris and barry nobody cares about rebecca
76561198276778006,Recommended,304240,23488854,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,W@RRIOR,"Excellent remake. This how RE should look. I recommend this game to all gamers that like survival horror. Camera view, close mansion, creepy steps, enemy voice and sound. Real survival and invisible mode especially challenge. You should try it."
,Recommended,304240,23901554,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cordova,"Those used to the ""follow the waypoint"" gameplay that plagues all genres may struggle with this game. I love it!!!!!!"
76561197961029009,Not Recommended,304240,23798887,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,john_b,"The Resident Evil HD Remaster is great, however the quality of the port makes it unplayable.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Though meeting the reccomended specs, FPS tanks are common in random areas despite settings on lowest. It appears animations are tied to frame rate therefore when the FPS tanks the game enters slow motion mode and it's unplayable. This leaves audio out of sync if FPS drops during cutscenes.In the community it's reccomended to download an unofficial patch called the resolution lag fix v2. I tried this and it seemed to be working well, but I encountered FPS drops again soon afterwards despite all settings off or low. I'm not sure how this is even possible as the game environments use pre-rendered scenes, so very little resources should be spent on the rest.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Despite these issues, the game itself is an excellent remaster that stays true to Resident Evil. It is with a heavy heart  that I say I had to refund it."
,Recommended,304240,17607117,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"A gigantic, sprawling survival horror masterpiece with hours of content and tons of bosses and puzzles to master. Improved controls, too. Really enjoyed it!"
,Recommended,304240,14088446,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,FuscusNight,"A fantastic, must have HD remaster for old school fans of Resident Evil.Iv'e so far experienced no issues with it at all, played 4 hours straight in it's first day of release and it ran smooth on max setting in 1920 x 1080 with the FPS never going below 60 ever.This HD remaster is a treat for all of us old-school Resident Evil fans who fell in love with this series back when the games were true survival-horror games and not action third person shooters filled with bilions of quick time events.What's also nice is the price tag, usully HD remasters of old games tend to be overpriced because publishers love to swim in that sweet easy nostalgia money from gamers but RE : Remake HD is not, it's only 19.99 Euros and that's a pretty fair price for such an awesome classic, and of course it's probably gonna be on discount sales in the coming months where it might drop to just 9.99 Euros(or lower).The HD remaster is also great for the fact than Resident fans who did not own a gamecube ever(like me) now finally have the chance to playthru the 2002 remake with even more improved visuals.The remaster also offers a new  better controll scheme, as much as i love the old Resi games i was happy to see than Capcom included an improved control scheme where you can use the analog stick in a much easier and simpler way by just pushing it where you wanna go, unlike the old school controlls that felt like you were trying to steer a tank that has legs buuuut if for some reason you really loved that you can just switch back to those controls at any time in the options menu.The only major issues with this remaster is the fact than the game only supports 4:3 an 16:9 aspect rations so everyone who has a 16:10 monitor will have annoying black bars  and it's maximum resolution is  only 1920 x 1080, it's possible to get up to 2k resolution or higher but that requires edditing the ini files  for the game or using a 3rd party program.Overall , it's awesome and i think every Resi fan should pick this up. If you never experienced any the old Resident games than jumping into them with this is not a bad a start at all if you're hungry for a true hard survival horror game that will kill you many times if you don't manage you inventory,health items and ammo carefully."
76561198072655150,Recommended,304240,29997016,Posted: 17 February,all,LIBIDIB,"If Jill Valentine were a real person, I would gladly eat chocolate cake right out of her ***crack."
,Recommended,304240,35131391,Posted: 22 September,all,--,amazing.
,Recommended,304240,25024749,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Twerkinator,"One of the best Resident Evil experiences to date.Play through a classic horror game updated to today's visual standard, which offers tons of survival horror goodness. Everything from scarce ammo (unless you stop killing everything in sight) to bowel moving monsters.I highly recommend this to newcomers and veterans alike. Newcomers get to experience what made Resident Evil great, just without all the B-movie dialogue (which in a way, is kind of a negative, too.) And vets get to experience the game that started it all, updated in glorious HD. The beautiful backgrounds are well, beautiful this time around. Much like the original, they feel so well crafted that it makes me wish pre-rendered backgrounds were used a bit more often.Explore a sp00ky mansion as either pre-roids Chris Redfield or thankgodforjigglephysics Jill Valentine.Be saved by the man, the myth, the legend; Barry Mother♥♥♥♥ing Burton over and over, because he doesn't want to see you become a Jill Sandwich. But please, refrain from creating a time paradox! Those things are dangerous!Besides, ole' Jilly here needs him later.tl;dr Get it, especially if you're interested in a classic"
76561198152413497,Recommended,304240,14091900,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Judy Garland,"A conversation between two Researchers who were hired to work in the Arklay Labs of Umbrella.Researcher 1:  That's stinks, you're assigned a room in the Dormitory? I get a room in the Mansion.Researcher 2: Yeah but you have to walk to the other side of the mansion just to go to the bathroom. Hope ya' don't get any stomach issues.Researcher 1:    :-/Liza and I love this game! We've been playing in the dark with our Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studio surround sound! The atmosphere is so thick with Resident Evil, the neighbors probably think we had Louis B Mayer and Jack Warner over for dinner and they got into a cat fight!Liza darling, let's open a bottle of Schlitz and enter the world of survival horror."
,Recommended,304240,28745555,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GUN-Gormez,"Not much has changed from it's 2002 release on the Nintendo Gamecube.Then again, this game contains all the right ingredients for an enjoyable experience that was perfect to begin with.A survival horror that is frightening physchologically and physically.Conserve you're ammo, perform item-management, kill Forest and take nade-launcher (Jill).Sensational port:-Xbox 360 wireless controller for Windows PC works straight off the bat.-Visuals and settings can be adjusted, as a PC game should.Invite a true RE fan over, close the curtains, dim the lights, pump up the jam, perform speed-runs, and best of all, laugh at each other for that unexpected jump scare this game delivers as it should."
76561198101543094,Recommended,304240,29322299,Posted: 17 January,all,coke13,Game is scary. Nuff said.
,Recommended,304240,14799023,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PeXeL,I don't know what to write. JUST TAKE IT! It's the best in it's series!
,Recommended,304240,14153814,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,opauken.,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,304240,14083928,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Evil Dave,"One of the best in the Resident Evil series. Challenging puzzles and scary atmosphereAnd now in HD and 60 fps :DDon't care about people that say ""is a bad port"". Is not trueThe game is amazing optimizedRECOMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!! 10 / 10"
76561198001256509,Recommended,304240,30689076,Posted: 23 March,all,Dabzilla,Door Sim 2000
,Recommended,304240,28770630,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Trashhand,one of my favorite games of all time.  remaster is excellent.
76561197996712784,Recommended,304240,14087230,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,NLS_Smoke,"Absolutely brilliant Remaster of the oldschool classic that launched Capcom into success.It's just like you remember it with enhanced visuals and some nice additions thrown in there for good measure.An absolute must-have for any fan of the oldschool Resident Evil games!The Grand Champion of REAL ""Survival Horror"" is back in full glory!Go grab your copy right now!"
,Recommended,304240,14082682,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,sitai,"Well, graphics are really better but game can freeze a little on my pc when I try to use 60 fps and it decreasing to 47 fps. Nice to see 2 variations of each character: old and new one. I see that this remake is trying to save the atmosphere of older game but I miss the old font, miss the fact that when you save your progress typewriter was ectually typing your name, date and ect.. Have nothing pretty much to say about this game, it's only ""cosmetics repair"". If you still, by some reason, haven't tried this masterpiece of horror genre - pay and play.Wish the RE7 will be like RE1 Remake and RE4."
76561198007544792,Recommended,304240,14108749,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kain Fayiar,I never played the 1st Resident Evil i started my adventure with RE series from Resident Evil 2 and it was a fantastic start becouse i consider it the best of the classic RE  back from the PSone ...but sicne i never played this one i decided it is a good moment too do it and .............well...........10/10Now i can only hope they will somehow refresh Resident Evil 2 (a game that had the best scenerio - 4 infact ) and Resident Evil 3 ( that had the most terryfying enemy ever to stalk you through the whole game ).A full Trilogy of HD remastared Resident Evils ...would be Fantastic !Comon kids ...give the old school a try what will win ? Action or Atmosphere ?
,Recommended,304240,16777176,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SPACE RAPTOR,"This is the best version of the absolute greatest survival horror game of all time. The HD remaster looks awesome and it plays awesome as well. The classic controls are there fore the true fans who know how to play survival horror games while the noobs, casuals and garbage gamers get to use the new control scheme. I seriously have no respect for anyone who sucks so much at survival horror games that they are terrible using the classic controls. I mean, the series has been around nearly 20 years. How bad can you be to not adapt to the classic control scheme in nearly 20 years? It's just for people who suck. Besides that, the game is classic and amazing. This is true horror at it's finest. No cheesy terrorist plot or over the top Michael Bay action in this game. The story feels very plausible and realistic. If you consider yourself a gamer, you MUST get this game."
,Recommended,304240,14107203,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,RoboitoAM,The greatest horror game of all time reclaims its throne as the greatest version on the PC platform.
,Recommended,304240,14165947,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Kaiser,"Classic game of ""Where the ♥♥♥♥ is the camera."""
76561198060094510,Recommended,304240,23118916,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Chruesha,"Ah, the good old times..."
76561198082915043,Recommended,304240,14116645,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,gameintruder💋,"a great game.  it brings back a lot of memories and it still has the power to scare the crap out of me after all these years.  the classic will always be my favorite.   the remake was well thought out, and brings out more suspense than the original by changing and adding a few things.  it looked great on the GameCube, and it looks even better on the p.c.  this is an improved version of THE classic.  try it.  you won't be disappointed.  beautifully done by Capcom.  this is what survival horror should be."
,Recommended,304240,14108282,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Pbear,A+++
76561198077475169,Recommended,304240,14118840,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wild Arcanine,"Resident Evil: The original ""Prepare to Die"" game."
76561198081223497,Recommended,304240,14095595,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Raz,"Absolutly Great. 9/10Runs smooth in 60FPS Max out all options on GTX 660, i5-3570Back ground slightly blured other than that no complaintsI hope capcom makes a Resident evil 2 and 3 remake in this style and future Games"
76561198092236898,Recommended,304240,14323156,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,undertaker.6,looks great in HD :D
,Recommended,304240,14123215,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,EvilTigz,"This is the remake I was waiting for, some advances on the original yet still retains the original feel and atmosphere.  If you love old school games, or love resident evil but never played the first one then I do recommend this.  My only gripe is the background textures and graphics do seem a bit grainy and washed out, but the main character models are fine and for the price it is a bargain.  One of the grandfathers to survival horror."
76561198115927075,Recommended,304240,14078272,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,jjmedeiros87,"Runs really slow even on the lowest setting, I have a 2 GB GeforceGTX 770M, 32GB of ram and I-7 @ 2.40GHz . The audio seems delayed too. hopefully there are updates soo either to the game of graphcs card!"
76561198169614611,Recommended,304240,28494734,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Frankthetank,4 words: enter the survival horror
76561197969553710,Recommended,304240,29268604,Posted: 15 January,all,Bongo,"This is how they should make them. Aweome game, much better than the trash we see now days."
,Recommended,304240,14108417,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nightwing,Well had trouble with the game at first but now its working perfectly!
,Recommended,304240,14106396,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,buck,"Nostalgia resume ! Nunca tinha jogado este, só o NEMESIS, agora descobri o porque os saudosistas odeiam os RE's novos, isso sim é survival horror. Falando dos gráficos eles estão ótimos, o que provavelmente é consequência de um port descente, resumindo, vale o preço.NUNCA, MAS NUNCA ABRA A PORTA DA MANSÃO !"
76561198020144608,Recommended,304240,25225666,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198080493156,Recommended,304240,14537646,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mr. pootis,This game brutally anal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me. 10/10
76561197963473424,Recommended,304240,23839001,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Big Daddy Dwayne,Wow Really Well Done. Everything touched up so nicely and the added content is fantastic. Better than when I used to play it on PS1
,Recommended,304240,14200921,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,SepticK,"This game is a Survival Horror pillar, a masterpiece in its own right, based on a game that set the standard for what was to come. If it wasn’t for ""Resident Evil"" coming out back in 1996 we wouldn’t have had ""Silent Hill"" which then led on to ""Silent Hill 2"", probably being the greatest Survival Horror game from the genre. Without ""Silent Hill 2"" we wouldn’t have gotten ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" (and then the very good ""Outlast"" and ""Alien: Isolation"").This remake is everything a remake should be, building on the first game in every way. I have played the original so many times but I have only completed the remake once. Even with that playing through the remake again 12 years later, this game fills me with nostalgia and dread when I enter a room or hallway I remember.The graphics are stellar and the gameplay is tight. Even after all this time I still feel it’s the best realised of the classic Resident Evil games. Hopefully if this does well Capcom will pull their fingers out of their holes and remake the 2nd game. This game is a must buy for anyone who loves Survival Horror (as if there’s anyone who hasn’t played it)."
,Recommended,304240,17258263,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Pretty Vacant,Sexy visualsSexy gameplaySexy charactersJust a sexy game overall.10/10 best game of all time.
,Recommended,304240,14094506,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"A pretty good port of a great game. This version is pretty well optimized for PC, with a good range of graphics options and customizable keyboard control support. While the game runs flawlessly at 60fps and the updated models look fantastic, the pre-rendered backgrounds are hit or miss. There are some that stand out and look incredible, such as the entrance to the mansion. However many look like they were just upscaled versions of the previous textures and as a result look out of focus or muddy.Graphics updates aside, besides some new costumes and an alternative control scheme, the game itself is pretty much the same as its 2002 version. It is nice revisiting this game now after all these years, its ""dated"" survival horror gameplay standing out as fresh after playing so many action oriented horror games. I found myself missing all the puzzles, having to decide whether to fight or run with my limited resources, and how good it felt to finally find that key I needed to progress. This game is a classic, survival horror at its finest. Whether you're experiencing it for the first time, or a returning fan, you're in for a treat."
,Recommended,304240,14101460,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,PyroPanda,"If you like the very first Resident evil, then you will love this one even more. All the original stuff is there just remastered to look a little better. Good port runs very smooth with no issue For me.Guess if you have a potato like all the people giving negative reviews, maybe you should avoid this.The old annoying camera angles are still there LOL."
76561198129605341,Recommended,304240,14737732,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Johnnym,This game is a great remake of the orginal.Makes you feel safe in the beginning but as soone as you advance♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real.Had to stop playing because i ran out of underpants
,Recommended,304240,14084957,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Esonver Wolfie,I hate horror stuffs and I regret playing this at 12:54AM. Bye pants.
76561197973416626,Recommended,304240,14078551,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JehovaNova,"Zombie Doberman pincher's-scary as hell since 1998...only complaint  I have is that the keys aren't rebindable for kb/m. With that said, GD I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561198158018196,Recommended,304240,14382729,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,"Dan ""Get In the Van"" Schneider","If you enjoyed the original Gamecube release, get this game, if you haven't played it or the Wii release, get this game, if you've never played it at all, get it. This game looks great especially for its age and the gameplay is still that traditional early survival horror feel."
,Recommended,304240,14410973,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"I don't think it can get any better than this. Resident Evil makes its way to our Steam accounts, of course we have to play it. I beat the Gamecube version once and though I remember the original Resident evil like the back of my hand, I was not used to the remake as much. Nothing can surpass the original for me but this remake/remaster is beautiful and a great example of innovation. I would only recommend this to people who grew up with the Resident Evil series. I am pretty sure anything I have said or would add cannot top the fact that Resident Evil is what started it all, at least for myself"
,Recommended,304240,19624837,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Jenova's Fitness,"Started up game, got scared within opening cinematic, played for few minutes, nope still scary, deleted local content10/10"
76561198209670373,Recommended,304240,20460108,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,His Excellency,Brings back the classic feel of how resident evil should be played 11/10 would refer to anyone who likes earning difficult and rewarding achievements.
76561198121370151,Recommended,304240,14162335,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sk17o,"it is just like i remember from my childhood, only better :)"
76561198145687026,Recommended,304240,14604023,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The Conga Killer,"It's very laggy. I would love to play the game, and I'm sure that it's wonderful, but there is something wrong and I cannot figure out how to fix it."
76561198266402511,Recommended,304240,20664328,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Heavy Cruiser Atago,"10/10 ""Jill Sandwich."" - Me"
76561198091685789,Recommended,304240,16928152,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,badwolf117,10/10100/100Best GameBest Game- Jontron
,Recommended,304240,26211207,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Honky Gob,Good game.
76561197967099066,Recommended,304240,26177191,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Catopia,nicely done !
76561198040678912,Recommended,304240,32970622,Posted: 28 June,all,Merchant of Venus,The idea of a Jill Sandwitch makes me very hungry.
,Recommended,304240,32842231,Posted: 26 June,all,KoofWa,"Ahh, so nostalgic. I remember playing the first few RE games on the Playstation as a kid. Basically, this is a classic horror game with controls you will have a hard time getting used to.. Camera perspective that you can't control.. And it's HARD. You can't just play it through without dying unless you've already played it numerous times and understand that evasion is key in this particular game. I recommend playing an easier FPS from the RE saga, such as RE4, if you haven't played this type of horror-shooter game before. Also, get it while on sale. ;)"
,Recommended,304240,23574225,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hollywood @ Why is the Rum gone?,The Classic meets Progress
,Recommended,304240,14909049,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,TMAC Blade,"in all honesty i have never in my whole life ever played the orignal resident evil. i played resident evil 2 and 3 but never completed them but played 5 and it just felt unfun to me. after so many years and after so many times saying ""all resident evil games suck (except for 4) i now decided to buy this game becasue of all the hype and interest that was behind this game. when i first started i knew what i was getting into, i played a bit of resident evil 2 and 3 (almost beat 2) and though that i already had an idea of how the controls were going to be and i also knew that static camera angels would obviously be present (thank god the tank controls are gone). when i first started i saw how clear and uprezed the graphics were. everything looked 1,000 times better than it did back int he 90's (dur its a remastered HD remake of a game that was already remastered). to not make this review any longer im going to say that this game is amazing. graphics are amazing for a game brought back from the 90's, controls are amazing, voice acting is better than the original (i dont know i never played the first so maybe not), game play is fun as hell with the use of micro-management and what, and last but not least......ITS ♥♥♥♥ING RESIDENT EVIL 1!!!!"
76561198055767367,Recommended,304240,14090435,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,I Love this gane.  I have been waiting for this remake for some time.  It was always by far my favorite of the series.  The game seems near identical to the original so far and the graphics have had a wonderful makeover.  The game play is quite simular yet I am finding it quite easier to play than the original and Im refering to game play alone there not game difficulty.  Anyway if you liked it the first time youll love it again and for anyone who has never played the first Resident Evil Id say its a must and you need to grab it.
,Recommended,304240,34089334,Posted: 7 August,all,BrotherLewis,gg but tbh you'd be better off just playing it on a console
76561198118614815,Recommended,304240,28779800,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),It's weird how im more scared of speed running this game rather than the actual game itself. (a required achievement if you want to collect them all)
76561198082786155,Recommended,304240,24917269,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,roger.march,No longer runs under Windows 10 - Have attempted reinstall but without any success
,Recommended,304240,29577781,Posted: 29 January,all,ParksandRekt,gud gaem. was like pajama sam w/ zombies
76561198116585298,Recommended,304240,32577340,Posted: 19 June,all,Don José,It's better than sex.
,Recommended,304240,14152311,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,NDLX,The beginning of real survival horror !!! A legendary milestone !!!
76561197996874427,Recommended,304240,16850588,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,vmville,"I've never played GameCube version of the game, and now got a change to play it in PC. One of the best horror games that there is and great PC port! Can't really wait for RE: Zero Remaster! :)"
76561198095426293,Recommended,304240,20901121,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,76561198095426293,Why is the game play so slow
76561198014849443,Recommended,304240,16724801,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,calisto,"do not be fooled by the name it is ""not"" the original r.e, it is the gamecube version. being a big fan of the r.e. series and being lucky enough to have started with the original it is a vast improvement even though for me it just isnt the same since i was expecting the playstation version (the original). dont get me wrong it is a good game just not what i was expecting"
,Recommended,304240,17407441,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Hammerheart,"One of the best Survival Horror games ever made, other than technical issues, this REmake is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,304240,17128401,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TB iiPhantom,"Did the whole game up to carrying the Fuel Capsule. There was a Crimson Head, I shot him with the Magnum. I exploded. GG. (Don't shoot it) :'D"
76561198039410538,Recommended,304240,17245403,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tristo (.Y.) NZ,"Resident Evil.......... What a game, just the name takes me back to when i was 10 or 12 with a friend  and we would try to stay up all night trying to finish it as fast as we could over and over again and we would do the same with RE 2 and 3. I ♥♥♥♥en love this game onw of the best games ever made hands down"
76561198037155244,Recommended,304240,17597354,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nydelarin,"As a big RE fan, I was excited when this game was released. I bought it here on Steam and I was ready to play. But, when it started, the game was dropping framerates. Did some looking up on google, and it turns out that with my specs, I cannot run this game without it dropping framerates badly. Do I recommend this game? Yes and no. Yes, I love it and all, and I would recommend this game to someone with the right specs. No, if you are running Intel on a laptop, don't even bother trying to get this game. It will not run right except for the CG cutscenes.Yours, The Ghost Tank."
,Recommended,304240,17144645,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lukewarm,sam b
,Recommended,304240,16941643,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Vacon,"I´m a big fan of Resident Evil, and the remastered resident evil is awesome! still frighten me, and if you think you know what will happen because you already know the game, i highly recomended you to buy it, because they changed some parts, and the grafics just makes it better. When i start playing i felt like i was back 15 years, sitting in my room and just playing the game all day, like i did back then.So, just buy this game, it´s awesome!"
,Recommended,304240,16858845,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jesse-Star,"Wesker: * Shoots nothing to look like he knows what he's doing and to look tough * "" Hello Jill."
76561198036617399,Recommended,304240,16919930,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,nimpwimp,"The most immersive game experience I've had since Sakura SpiritBut in all seriousness, you can get lost in this game pretty easily, as long as you can endure the shoddy voice acting. Personally, I see little opportunity for replayability, but one playthrough alone is easily worth its price.One minor issue is optimisation, it runs very strangely with certain combinations of settings switched on. Also, it will slow the speed of the game if it cannot reach the desired frame rate, so keep it reasonableThis is not the kind of game you can play for 30 mins, stop, and come back later. You have to set aside a few hours to really get in the zone, totally worth it though.8.77/10 - Crimson Heads will ruin your life"
76561198025836644,Recommended,304240,17017685,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,gusbaker,"Nice remake of a great classic.Some of the clunkier aspects don't hold upas well (limited inventory, bad camera angles)but that's just how things were when this gamewas originally made."
76561198098042809,Recommended,304240,17214772,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Romanchik777,"I really love 1st Resident Evil, ive played alotta times on my ps1. Remake is realy awesome on gc/wii console, okay i bought this hd version  on my pc and it s still f'''' unplayable , everything is in  slo-mo on any settings. It sux guys.I bought Biohazard  hd remake for xbox 360 dvd version from Japan, i strongly recommend play  this game on consoles. Why Capcom still not relesead fix???? /they had same problem with RE4 HD and we've got fix for re4hd why we dont have it for RE Remake hd? C'mon Capcom dont be so lazy!!!!Any way thumbs up! Awesome game bad port like 10-13 yeas ago"
,Recommended,304240,17253627,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,CthulhuBane,"A classic made beautiful by contemporary technology with a few script changes to make the dialogue more serious compared to its Play Station 1 counterpart.  The gameplay changes too work quite well (namely, that the zombies will return as a more deadly zombie if you don't burn them after taking them out).  I remember playing this newer version on Gamecube, and all I can hope for is that Resident Evil 2 is afforded the same love and that Resident Evil 0 is brought back."
76561198022923849,Recommended,304240,17560567,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,sagemakaiser,"The one, the only ultimate survival horror game. The port has some weird slow down in a few areas. Outside of that the port is perfect. Get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,304240,17786292,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kethrow,"A masterpiece of the original Gamecube version, 1080P and 60 FPS, The ULTIMATE experience!"
76561197998809331,Recommended,304240,17970820,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,UNLIMITED POWA,No 16.10 aspect ratio that i could find. It looked a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥on wide screen. Apart from that its perfect. This is one of the few games everybody should have in their collection. I just wish i could right click and refund or permanently delete the duds that are stinking mine up. They know who they are.
76561198031790730,Recommended,304240,16709903,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,littlebigrob,Game keeps getting stuck on loading content screen. Does anyone know how to fix this?
76561198061465429,Recommended,304240,16828425,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Eidihn,"Resident Evil HD Remaster is.....well.......really good. Super good. Amazingly good. There is a reason why RE fans (The hardcore ones) want the classic, tank controlled, forced perspective game type back. These characteristics build the Survival Horror experience, the very game genre RE spawned, and now it's just SHOOT A DUDE FPS THIRDPERSON SHOULDER ""LEON HELP!!!!"" CRAP! (There was no intentional stab towards RE4, as that game is also fantastic.)As you would expect from a remaster, Resident Evil HD is merely......the gamecube game....with HD graphics.....Now you may be wondering ""Why should I buy it if I can buy the Gamecube Version?"" Well, there are a few bells and whistles the remaster has that the original doesn't, making it SLIGHTLY superior. That and, the HD goes A LONG WAY FOR THIS GAME. A VERY LONG WAY. Resident Evil HD Remaster has 2 extra costumes for the player pick AT THE BEGINNING OF THE GAME (Not saying what they are....) and new controls. The new controls offer the elimination of the classic Tank Controls, removing the run button (for as long as you play the game with the new controls) and making the game more streamlined. That said, the forced perspective does not work in the new control schemes favor. You're better off using tank controls. The game can also be modded, furthering it's replay value when it already ridiculuous amounts of post game content anyway.I don't have much more to say other than, it's basically the Gamecube Remake with just a few more bells and whistles, and that it's a fantastic port. (I had no problems with it, so you might want to see other reviews for port issues and what not.) I really can't say anymore, as the game simply speaks for itself. I suppose the last thing I can add is....um.....ROLL THE CONTROL STICK TO ESCAPE! (I'm serious my fellow gamers, I did not know how to escape zombies properly for about 65% of the entire game, making me rethink whether or not CapCom knows what Easy and Normal mode mean. I know how now, so Easy is Easy and Normal is Normal, before though......it was rough....) Well, that's it. Hope you enjoyed the review (or don't...I don't really care...) 19tangerines out!"
,Recommended,304240,16922784,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"Possibly the shiniest of examples of a horror game done right.This classic remaster still stands up today as one of the best horror games ever made.This is the gamecube version, nothing new has been added aside from vastly higher textures and high resolution backgrounds, it looks beautiful, plays beautiful at 60fps.Anyone who is a fan of Resident Evil's roots of fixed camera position gameplay should pick this up. I fell in love with it again even after this being the third time ive bought Resident Evil 1 <3"
76561198032119718,Recommended,304240,25089109,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Grubbs008,Where in the ♥♥♥♥ is the any key!?!?!
76561198119672188,Recommended,304240,14089363,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ShadyKiller420,I'm here to kick a** and chew herbs10/10
76561197966565385,Recommended,304240,14089982,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Magnus02,"Leave it to a classy company to bring back a classic game and do it the right way for once! I do believe many other company's can learn from capcom's long career of delivering a solid product to the fans and new comers alike.Thank you Capcom for all of your fine work!If you have never experienced the original Resident Evil, this is where you start. The rest of the reviews speak for themselves. Buy it if your interested, buy it if your feeling nostalgic. Dont buy it if your squeemish, scare easily, or your overall wimpy in general."
,Recommended,304240,19232286,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,rikimaru156,"""It's MAGNIFICENT""- Albert Wesker''Itchy...Tasty''- Closet ZombieHD Remastery of a beloved classic!! I would recommend anyone to re-visit the ole Spencer Mansion"
,Recommended,304240,14138955,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,S.T.A.R.S,The controls needs work. It really hard to aim where u want. Only have high middle and low aim so lining up the zombies head is really hard. Doesnt remind me of the original setup with controls as was easier to aim. and the slow mo effect is a joke. And yes i do have computer that meets the specs. Capcom screwed something up when they remastered this. They need to patch these issues asap
,Recommended,304240,14230509,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,IWFYB,its good
,Recommended,304240,33151271,Posted: 2 July,all,acdcdave1387,"I never fully played the GameCube version of this PlayStation classic. This made it truly challenging to re-learn this game over again since the PlayStation was my home for so many years and this version is so drastically different.They did a really good job porting this over to PC and getting it to work flawlessly. The keyboard controls work ok but I highly recommend some kind of traditional controller for this one folks.In the end, I got bored of the classic combat this game has to offer where you have to pull up the menu to switch to a different weapon or utilize health items. I admittedly got bored of it.Those that never played this and have a controller, I highly recommend you give it a shot. This is a classic and is extremely challenging even on the normal difficulty."
,Recommended,304240,33182748,Posted: 3 July,all,☠ Amous ☠,"For me this has always been the Resident Evil that made me feel uncomfortable as hell walking down corridors..This is where it all started. remade, redisigned, perfected."
,Recommended,304240,26772334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,agsaggasgsa,Hey pal you know what this is? Something that will BLOW YOUR MIND! It's got♥♥♥♥♥♥like uh... Planning ahead and critical thinking which makes it a REAL MANS game. If you don't like it you can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥. Can't help it if you're too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to figure out this game.
76561198084696870,Recommended,304240,25489308,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Darko,Yes
,Recommended,304240,24080534,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,§rgtphil,Just YES YES YES. Thank you Capcom for this beast of a remake. 10/10 easy
76561198012864809,Recommended,304240,29589267,Posted: 30 January,all,Sturmraug,"It's the horror game I've always wanted. It has a story, puzzles, challenge, thrilling moments and it actually wants to scare the s*** out of you just to make that one mistake. Loving it so far."
,Recommended,304240,29589883,Posted: 30 January,all,Reyedog,Game works great. Can still beat it in less than an hour.  Play tested it on multiple Low and High end PC's.(Also if you can't get the game to run or it has slowdown you done did something wrong and it's on your own fault not Capcom's)
,Recommended,304240,20568889,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,El Chupacabra,I can safely say that my money has gone to the right place.
76561198093217605,Recommended,304240,31021840,Posted: 8 April,all,RiftStudios,It follows the original while adding new twists and turns. The 180 degree turn is useful. However I wish there was more music and the rooms are just green grey or brown. Also the cgi cutscenes do not look HD.
76561198018738320,Recommended,304240,14160018,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nesox,"Awesome game, just finished playing the campaign with Chris."
,Recommended,304240,14171048,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"""Jill heres a lockpick, it might be handy if you the master of unlocking take it with you""""Look out Jill HES INSANE""""That was to close you were almost a jill sandwich""But, just, take, a, look, at, this! Its forest... Oh MY GAWD""""I found something... Its a weapon its REAAALLY POWERFULL especially at killing living things!"
,Recommended,304240,14103671,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Commissar_Covfefe,"This game is a good game, not my favorite resident evil because of it being too focused on puzzles rather than the survival horror, but it's still amazing. Capcom remaster Resident Evil 2 please, i'd much rather play that over this any day f the week. Clippling issues still, which have been around since the Gamecube times, but like I said it's still great and is fun."
76561198071971712,Recommended,304240,14078072,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Megaman,well i changed my review as a positive one casue i found out my pc spec where no where near what i needed to play this title and that apon futher study it runs very well for pc xbox one and ps4 however i still worry a bit about playing it on last gen but i think it will run fine for the most part.
,Recommended,304240,14085671,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MultiTasker,"Surprisingly good PC port, even the keyboard mapping makes sense. I'll be playing this with a controller though for the nostalgia. The only problem was Alt+Tab which crashes the game. It runs fantastic though and the game looks better than ever. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,304240,14087248,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Horror Anthem,"What can you say, or perhaps not say, about a franchise that is knocking on the door of its third decade, whose most recent entries collapse under the weight of a polished remaster of its first entry? Resident Evil has become so bloated in its sequels and spin offs, all of them underwhelming, that revisiting Spencer Mansion for the third time is sadly a breath of fresh air. Nevertheless, it is a welcomed breath of fresh air as we now have the best Resident Evil in some years.Leave it to a polished up version of a 2002 Gamecube release, which in itself was a remake of the original 1996 release of Resident Evil's starting point, to put smiles on the faces of all the devoted old school fans who have wanted the series to return to its terrifying albeit cheesy and clunky roots. Capcom achieves greatness with making the arguably best even better by tidying up the controls, graphics, textures and sound, and letting it live and breath on current generation consoles. Those who only know modern Resident Evil, or never got to play this in 2002 entry have themselves a fantastic experience ahead of them as they explore Spencer Mansion and witness the groundbreaking horror first hand with the original core characters.This game doubles as a grocery list of what Survival Horror should be, and how the modern conveniences of gaming do not always make for the best experience. This take on Resident Evil is both familiar and curious, both comfortable and nerve racking, and both full of nostalgia and yet as challenging as a never before seen adventure. So those of you who have played the original '96 game, are still in for surprises around some corners, and challenges that will make resources vital. The dialogue, though still a bit cheesy, is multiple levels up from that of the delightfully awkward original script. It remains similar enough to bring back all the memories of the original, but separates itself enough from the past to intrigue, creating an almost parallel world experience with how similar but more thought out the new dialogue is. I found myself both listening to the new, but in my head quoting the old, making for some laughs. Once again, those first person views of doors opening, tight corridors with the moaning undead near by, and limping through halls praying for ammo and health all have your hair on end, and it is a most welcome return. The Mansion is only slightly redesigned enough to make you lull into comfort, thinking you have the situation under control before springing something new on you such as a new zombie placement, or unfamiliar room, or retelling an old experience in less predictably ways. The results are fun and frightening. The Mansion is alive with creaks and shutters, moving light and flashes of lighting, shadows and mirrors, fog and water, all pulling you in deeper than ever before.This is Resident Evil in all its Survival Horror glory. It would be impossible to rate this any lower than a perfect score, seeing as it is a better version of a past masterpiece, and then improved once again on top of that. Get lost in Spencer Mansion, and take a bloody bite out of the game that started it all, the one and only, Resident Evil."
76561198059679857,Recommended,304240,14092340,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,aBoot,"As a die hard Resident Evil fan, I'm so thrilled to see they brought this game back. Easily the best resident evil game in the franchise.Compared to the old 4:3 definition the graphics look outstanding, although a few blurry elements can still be seen.It's so great to see Capcom bring back such an old game out of the closet, dust it off and put it on the market.Playing this game brings back so many good memories and still succeeds to creep me out. Easily one of the best games to fully capture the survival horror genre.This is the only review I've written and will ever write, in hope of someone reading this post and deciding to purchase this game. I feel obligated to spread my enthusiasm of this wonderful game.10/10 MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,304240,14092511,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,♭ong♮loid ♪♫,"Just bought this game, went to play it.... Didn't know i spent 20 dollars on a spot motion picture. WHAT DA HECK MAN?!  I guess sometimes you just find games that just don't work on your machine and straight screw you. Same crap happened to me with Starbound, just wouldn't run, felt like it was in slow mo. However put all my whining aside this game is awesome, I played the original many times and was excited to see this. If your looking to get the pants scared off you and want a game that tests your wits, I would reccomend this game. Though beware... The real horror of this game is its optimization."
76561198056590109,Recommended,304240,14093214,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rem,"Amazing game, worth ever cent."
76561198027209660,Recommended,304240,14101137,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,groovieknave,"The game is great, the port sucks... I don't know why they think not having graphics options is a good idea. No way to put this in 4k, no way to turn off vsync unless you open the config and edit it. Which is not bad for me, but I don't feel like that should be forced. Just have a vsync option in the video settings, why is that so hard? Having an AMD card makes this game a pain to play with vsync on. Don't know why but any game with vsync is a stuttering screen tearing mess. Paying 20$ for this you would hope they'd support 4k... but fine it's an old game. 1080/1200 is as goood as it gets.Great game the nostalgia is worth it. I could do without the door scenes... otherwise the game is pretty epic on scale if you never played it. Figuring everything out takes a long time. Once you figure it all out and work out a routine you can finish the game in under 3 hours, but you're looking at 10-20 if you do everything in the mansion. It's definitely worth the time."
,Recommended,304240,14132476,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chumbawamba,Lots of rooms. Lots of doors. 10/10
76561197968868285,Recommended,304240,14134205,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Vapid Zero,"Remake in the glory of 60 FPS Hi Def, console peasants can only dream of such smooth gameplay."
,Recommended,304240,14085466,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Anzariel,You will get spook'dYou will panicYou will remember it for the rest of your life.Should you buy Resident Evil? Hell yeah.
,Recommended,304240,14092477,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TheRealBeauregard,"The game that started it all... Well, a remastering of the remake of the game that started it all anyway. Basically, it's Resident Evil, back again and better than ever. See what the series was like before it became overly convoluted and lost it's heart and soul, now in HD!I'm not going to go into detail but I love everything about this version of the game and would highly recommend it to pretty much anyone."
,Recommended,304240,14092553,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Virtuosic Kitty,"Fantastic! Its excellent. Its great to play the original and even having the camera angle system as they use to. For all the people who play the original this will appease you. Same game, just updated. For the people who are so young and never played the original. Play it to see where zombie games begun.1 Recommendation, When playing this with the Xbox 360 controller like I am, and I am sure this also applies to Xbox one controllers. When it comes up with the option of control 'Original' or 'Alternate'. Pick Alternate, I tried to play with the original. it just wasn't going very well. I might just be my controller playing up, I know i need a new one. But it was also nicer not having to hold a button to run, just having it on permanently.Anyway, Enjoy!"
,Recommended,304240,14105321,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,The World is Gonna Roll Me,"This game reminds me of when games didn't suck! I own it on PS1, GC, and now on PC in HD, well worth the money if you actually appreciate great games. Not ones full of in game purchases."
76561198001218883,Recommended,304240,14105378,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Manslayer,"Have't had any problems with this Resident Evil: HD remaster of the Gamecube version. If you liked Resident evil one, two, or three, or any of their older games, you are going to love this game. New voice acting, amazing sound effects, good high quality assests. I would recoommend this game to anyone to likes resident evil.This is, after all, what started the survival horror genre."
76561198035258798,Recommended,304240,14112503,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Fruzz,biohazard HD REMASTER !! :D PERFECT ! ok now.... RE:2 AND RE:3 Nemesis  !!! PLZ !
,Recommended,304240,14131940,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DvSK,This series of resident evil rocks honestly. At least it wont caused gamer to feel dizzy or puke in the middle of a zombie/bow fight. Like the modern series of Resident Evil since RE4 onwards are rather made gamers dizzy. Hopefully more HD Remaster are out. Thank god. This game is a 10/10. Reminds me of when im 13 and afraid to played it alone. Now im all on!
,Recommended,304240,14085274,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sword-Brother Hugo Wolfram,"If you've never played the first Resident Evil, do it now. This is a phenomenal port that even adds a very easy difficulty, and a more adaptable control scheme akin to DMC."
76561198111262912,Recommended,304240,14089891,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Victorino,"Great Game... i played this beauty in ps1 and nintendo ds. It runs perfectly fine at both 30 and 60 fps, in fact.. it was so smooth i thought i had it on 60 when it was on 30. Also no audio sync problems or lagg issues of any kind. I only have a GTX 750TI and i5 4680 ( i think) 3.2Ghz so i don´t know why are there so many people having problems with 760 and 660.Overall great performance. Cant say much about the game since i only played it for about 45 mins.EDIT: Jill`s boobs bounce when u lower your wepon... nuff said.DONT PUMP TO THE GREEN SIDE"
,Recommended,304240,14098973,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Negoro,"Inventory Menagement 2015, 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14107960,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Riles per hour,"This game scarred me as a small child in 96, in 2008 i was an adult and i attempted to play it again to only die in the first corridor and relive another month of nightmares.Here i am again at age 23 screaming at every god damn turn trying to complete my challange.60fps and able to stream with no issues 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXt3hejNDFY"
76561198039810912,Recommended,304240,14108226,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh,"Fantastic survival horror game, arguably one of the best of all time."
,Recommended,304240,14109233,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Uziel,Great remake of a great game. Some people are having issues with slowdowns but I haven't experienced any issues outside of the first few seconds after loading my game. The new control scheme seems kinda cool but I had to stick to the original because it's what I'm used to. I definitely recommend buying this game but if you are worried about the slowdown issues other people have had then you should probably wait to see if they address it in a patch.
76561198028755754,Recommended,304240,14116510,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,War Is Peace,"An incredible reboot of the first game I ever played, and subsequently the game that was the impetus for my love of games. This Remasted version of the remake originally for Nintendo GameCube hits the ball clear out of the park. My primary concern when i was about to pre-order this game was that the controlls on pc would be completely lackluster. But I am extremely happy to report that mouse/keyboard not only works fine, but is also preferable to Controller. The new controll scheme works great and will no doubt let new players asimilate without much issue. And even though I've played through every version of this game... and all it's sequels, it still remains completely fresh and awe-inspiring. Two words can only really sum up this review: BUY IT!"
76561198054066255,Recommended,304240,14119569,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,thespiana_00,"I have been following the Resident Evil series since this one came out in the 90's. I did not play the Gamecube port, but was thrilled beyond measure when I saw this pop up in my queue. Still playing and have not finished it, but I love it just as I did the very first time. I still dislike the control system, but you get used to it after a while. Like riding a bike. For those who are too young to have played it the first time, pick this one up. You'll understand why the newer horror survival games don't hold a candle to the oldies.PS...You'll learn to really dislike dogs..."
76561198025191011,Recommended,304240,14085860,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kinghappy,"I'm really surprised by how well Capcom has upgraded this game. It looks absolutly fantastic in HD and with enhanced textures. The modern controls are also fantastic, which makes want them in Resident Evil 4 HD as well.It's a shame that the door animations don't have the option to be skipped, so a lot of the newer fans will be put off by having to constantly see them everytime because of the necessary backtracking, but at least there are mods that remove them. I also wish there was an option to have the survival knife always on hand and didn't take an inventory slot like the newer games."
76561198016381076,Recommended,304240,14090914,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,darks1steR3,the game is awesome!!!!everybody who played the classic game on ps1 and gamecube know what im talking about.
,Recommended,304240,14092377,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GodlyPoop,The game was great i have no complaints now i wish they had remake of part 2 and 3 :P. I like how 3 people beat it under 20 mins on hard... someone using those trainers little cheaters :P
,Recommended,304240,14078478,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vanceric,"Bottom line up front: Resident Evil Remaster is worth spending $20 on to relive a great game in updated graphics.With that being said I'll emphasise that it's updated graphics and not a lot else. The new control scheme is not exactly intuitive and I find I prefer the tank controls much more than the wonky new style. The pre-rendered scenes and fixed camera angles make it difficult to determine when to switch directions on the analog stick. It may be better with a keyboard and mouse but I doubt it.As far as graphics go the 3d models are terrific. Normal mapping and high res textures have done wonders for the team but the pre-rendered backdrops are really showing their age. I'm not entirely sure if it's the film-grain filter or if the characters just look that much better than everything else, but they definitely do not blend well with the environment. It is VERY easy to identify the poly based resources, like door handles in one scene and tombstones in another, against the pre-rendered backdrops and they look like crap.I'm saying all of this not because I expected more out of a $20 port, because I didn't, but just so people realize this is in fact a remaster and not a remake. They didn't jack with the core mechanics of the game and for that I am grateful.9/10... would buy again."
,Recommended,304240,14078497,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,rat,I played the original one on ps1 but never the remake on gamecube. It's an amazing game that you NEED to at least try!
76561198018775954,Recommended,304240,14084482,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SuperJim,"this is not the exact remake of PS version,but still a very close one,and very hard, oldschool! ))) 9/10"
76561197971618500,Recommended,304240,14085318,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CarsDad9701,Amazing port of an amazing game from the gamecube era. Running at highest resolution and at 60 fps. Having no issues. Brings me back to 1996 when I bought the REAL original! Great game! Now remake 2!!!!
,Recommended,304240,14085793,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Insane,"a real ""survival horror""- aggressive enemies- ammo starved- creepy atmosphere"
,Recommended,304240,14106028,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,We do it,"This is a perfectly done update of one of the best remakes of all time. The backgrounds have been properly up-res'd for widescreen support, as well as given a new control scheme that removes the tank controls, further complimenting the fluidness of the new 60fps. Aces all around, a magnicfent remaster and a fantastic pc port to boot."
76561197996182764,Recommended,304240,14119100,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,roycar69,Worth every penny. Love the new controls (XO controller). Looks amazing (Current Gen). If it's like to GameCube version then playing through with the Jill and Chris with different difficulty settings produce different results. So there is plenty of replay value here..
76561197978072250,Recommended,304240,14127365,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,killaBeast ヅヅ,"You got to love this remake of Resident Evil if you are a old player of the classic game.The new lightning make's the game feel more alive, and the HD 'textures' make's the characters look more realistic.I am an old Resident Evil player, and i strongly recommend this game...Cheers!"
76561198175346347,Recommended,304240,14134092,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,schloem,the remake of the remake is pretty wurf wasting money on the same game you've beaten into submission already. BUT NOW IN HD!!!!
76561197970498480,Recommended,304240,14078483,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,mucus,"Wow looks much better than I thought it would. I played the Gamecube version of this several times and it's obvious Capcom poured some love into this remake.I recommend checking the brightness in game...nvidia/microsoft for some reason cause whatever you set your windows gamma/brightness to to be totally ignored when playing a full screen game and basically blasts the gamma way too high. Not noticeable unless playing a dark game like this. Even setting in game brightness to its lowest its still a little too bright, I guess there is not much Capcom can do about that, only alternative is too play in widowed mode."
,Recommended,304240,14078961,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,rexualhealing,Amazing port of one of the best looking games of all time. Having played this almost yearly since it came out in 2002 I was shocked when the first in-engine cutscene happened and everything was running at a smooth 60 frames per second. The redone controls kind of suck but all of the control options from the Gamecube release are available too (including the one where you accelerate your character like a car in a racing game using the shoulder triggers) and all of the textures and such have been redone in a way that makes every other HD remaster I've played look lazy.
76561198074422181,Recommended,304240,14079558,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Turvoc,Great Game! The mood and story brings back memories of the original. Graphic are fantastic and movement seems allot faster than the wii version (from memory) extremely happy with this purchase.
,Recommended,304240,14079907,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tanker Captain,"The only thing this game is missing is the original 1996 dialogue such as:""I think that you the master of unlocking, should take it with you...""""You were almost a Jill Sandwich!""""I HAVE THIS!"" *holds up colt python*But all in all its still Itchy, scratchy, tasty......"
,Recommended,304240,14082267,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Crayons,This game scared the hell out of me back when I was a kid. 10/10 Jill sandwiches.
,Recommended,304240,14082416,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ibuprofen Tablets 200mg,At first had the choppy lag but changing run settings in nividia control panel fixed it; Its gorgeous now.
76561198001945528,Recommended,304240,14083198,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Misquito11,I love this port cacom did a great job with this title and with 60 frames too! NEXT UP RESIDENT EVIL ZERO OR 2 MAKE IT HAPPEN CAPCOM!!!
,Recommended,304240,14084223,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MugenXD,"I have been enjoying the remastered version of this game. I had the original game on PC back in the day and remembered as a kid it being a little scary. Then I grew up and played it and realized how corny and hilarious the game was. This game brings me back to what I remembered the game being like when I was a kid. The updated HD puts you into an atmosphere which is Resident Evil at its best. For the price that it is, it is definitly worth picking up just for the memories.If you are new to the Resident Evil series then welcome and enjoy this game, a great place to see what survival horror really was like. The only con is, I wish they brought back some of those corny lines. Man those were some of the best and most iconic of the series. Below is a guide through the game as Jill Valentine, and later as Chris Redfield.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=378481469"
,Recommended,304240,14084384,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The88shrimp,"Hunters 1 shot me again 10 / 10I have grown up with the Resident Evil series throughout my whole life, my first Resident Evil game was the second one and I played it when I was 5. Out of all the games in the whole series this one would have to be my second favourite just behind Resident Evil 2.In terms of scariness this game may not scare you since it's out dated but mind you this is one of the only games that actually still scares me.On to the remastering,The games 3D models and interactive objects have been retextured and do look good but since it's only a texture update the actual models still may look a bit basic. The pre-rendered backgrounds of the game haven't been retextured simply because it would take a considerable amount of effort to do that since you can't edit individual textures of something that's pre-rendered but for a game made in 2002 they look absolutely astounding.A few notable differences that I've come across apart from the graphics options such as wide screen support are the difficulty changes, they now have a very easy difficulty for some unknown reason. The controls have been updated, although at this time I have only played with the original TANK controls, to suit people more used to moving in the direction that you push rather than just turning.It's a remastered version of the 2002 Resident Evil which was a remake of the first one in 1996. You may have played the first one on the old classic PlayStation but the remake was only available on GameCube which disappointed a lot of fans because of the single console limitation so it's amazing that they remastered and ported this to PC so a wider variety of people can play.This game to this day lives up to what a true survival horror should be, I can't fault this version so far and it’s only $20 which I would gladly even pay $60 for this game. I only have 6 hours clocked on this game so far but I'm sure I'm going to complete it another 10 times or more since it's such an amazingly fun game.Bust out your wallet / purse, put some headphones on, equip your S.T.A.R.S handgun and cap some zombies and other B.O.W's. Oh and run like ♥♥♥♥ when you see a crimson head :) Happy classic zombie hunting!"
,Recommended,304240,14084599,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,METAL-SLUG,This is what Resident Evil is all about!- Game still looks fantastic- Old school tank controls :D- Horror is present!Hopefully Capcom port Resident Evil : Code Veronica over to Steam at some point.
,Recommended,304240,14084675,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,WolfRam,"Very good game, much better remake than i expected.Some blury backgrounds(expecially in the aqua-tank) and Mouse-Arrow shows on the screen while playing.I have read that ppl are mad about the jill fan-service, but i have only noticed once due to camera-angle. It shouldnt be a problem unless you are playing the game for the wrong reasons :P-I recommend using original controls( tank-control ), unless you have a gamepad. Then use the ""C""key for aiming & the ""Q""key for quickturn. You'll get used to it after 10 minutes.-Also, aim for the head when zombie is close(press ""up""(W) when shooting).-Save life and ammo by burning the bodies that dont go away when dead.update:- If you are a verteran at classic RE, then you should go for the HARD-mode. I have so far died 3 times(twice by shark & once got my head chopped off by a hunter), all of them was my own fault doing stupid stuff.-I have not noticed any of the out of sync audio or low FPS that some ppl have been complaing about. At the beginning i put the video-settings on max, and no problems.But, it might be smart waiting for the first update."
76561198010439527,Recommended,304240,14084735,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Floki,"We need 2 and 3, maybe even CV after this wonderful gem.Plays great at 60fps, looks great, even better than the GC release.ProsBeautiful gameThis is how the franchise startedGameplay is what it always should have beenController support is perfectConsnew players may feel the game shows its age slightlySome players are complaining about slow down, I haven't seen this myself, and upon inspection of many of the posts about it they are using such outdated equipement and operating systems like XP lol and 8000 gt graphics cards.So if you drive a wagon don't expect it to take you very far here.10/10 would be zombie dog food again"
,Recommended,304240,14085514,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson","Oh how I missed this game, god its been so long I hardly remember where to go T_T... Cheesy voice acting, tank controls, Jill booty >.>... Its all there and in HD glorified amazingness, at 60fps, and a 2nd control scheme for new players. Now if we can get the original Silent Hill and Clock Tower like this, I will be one extremely happy camper."
,Recommended,304240,14085571,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rated R Caparoni,"Pros :- Amazing horror/survival game ( good old days :) ) .- The port is pretty decent running the game on the highest settings 60 fps, 1080p .Cons :- Bad keyboard controls .- Blurry .- The background graphics isnt that good .Score : 9/10 Must OWN!"
,Recommended,304240,14085868,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CHAOS,"Here's what I think:Excellent cinematics & StorylinePretty unforgiving gameplay (40 minutes in, still don't know if I can heal)Camera angles screw you over in the scariest waysHonestly it's great. I hate scary games but the story compels me to keep moving on. Here's my video for the initial launch if you're interestedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vogBNEPojzQ"
76561198007134315,Recommended,304240,14086215,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Frostblitz20,"Overall improvements all around on this game compare to the Gamecube+ 1080p, 60 FPS steady!+nothing changed in story! which is a huge plus!+ diffent types of controll styles even has the old controlls!+new game diffcultys for new players and hardcore vets of the series!+the in game visuals are stunning for Prerender backgrounds whit great shadowing and better camera transsisting.+brings back the old feels of what Resident evil really was and is one of the best if not the best in the series.Bonus plus! + no Boulder punching *only RE vets who play RE5 will get this joke*"
76561198007307318,Recommended,304240,14086846,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DewHazard,"This is Resident f****** Evil how Resident Evil should be. None of the stupid RE 5 and 6 bull where we weren't even being threatened by zombies and we were forced into that dumb action-y quick time-y garbage. Limited inventory, limited aiming directions, fixed camera directions...It's all perfect and nostalgic.Having spent so many hours, weeks, and months of my life on the gamecube version of this game I'm proud to say that even though my limited time spent in this game so far since it released here on the PC HD remaster version, at the time of this review it's worth every darn penny.Haven't died yet. Hopefully that will hold true. Still trying to remember where the heck I have to go next..."
,Recommended,304240,14087373,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,robin,"I think its important to notice the lack of 4k support. only available options beyond fullhd are 1920x1200 and 2560x1600, wich dont fit my aspect ratio. i didnt read any articles or rewies, so maybe u already know."
76561197991768802,Recommended,304240,14087547,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,WEAREGODS,"One of the greatest survival horror games of all time, remastered. C'mon Capcom, make more like this! You know, when Resident Evil games were GOOD? DO IT!"
,Recommended,304240,14088480,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Catalytic Flash,You were almost a Jill sandwich!
76561198049502766,Recommended,304240,14088837,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Killer Queen,Jill sandwich
76561198006548650,Recommended,304240,14088954,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Viking,"Resident Evil? The original game? With all the puzzles, scares and nostalgia? In HD?SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!Runs great, looks great, is great! Made my day!Even Zombie says: ""eeeeeEEEEEEEEEEeeeeee"" -> roughly translated: ""Buying this game is a no brainer!"" ... get it ? ;)"
76561198048949434,Recommended,304240,14088982,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Scandalous Prime,"When it comes to gameplay you either love or hate the old school Resident Evil style, I for one love them. I grew up on the tank controls and couldn't play this game any other way. Thankfully for people not like me they added in a yucky n00b control scheme(heh just kidding) Besides the new scheme and the new 16:9 panning screen mode there isn't much else new, it's Resident Evil how it's meant to be played, very little ammo, fixed camera angles, Chris's muscles are now in proportion with the rest of his body and zombies, lots and lots of zombies.One thing you will notice straight away; the 3D polygonal characters like Chris, Jill, Wesker, Barry and the mutants that infest spencer mansion are massively improved in quality, higher resolution textures along with nice anti aliasing and higher polygon count really show how these GameCube assets really hold up to todays standards. Also 3D objects like movable boxes and shelves also look vastly improved - which brings us onto our first bad point. Not all pre rendered backgrounds were born equal, some look sharp and massively upscaled, like the crypt where Trevor is in his coffin and some are very blurry like the room where you play moonlight sonata, so much so that the shelf you move to get the first page of the music notes actually looks better than the background textures. It's a real shame because if they treated all the backgrounds like they treated the best ones you'd have one stunning looking game.From a port perspective, things started rocky, first of all no borderless window mode. You guys with multi monitors will have to wait for some enterprising modders to fix this for you. Secondly in the menu it will only let you choose up to 1080p which is a real problem for me because I have a 1440p monitor. However you can edit an ini file to get 1440p but I heard that 4K is not working and this ini edit will only allow up to 1600p. You can choose 30 or 60 fps along with variable, I don't know what variable does but I've read it is up to 120fps which is good. You have texture quality along with shadow quality and rounding it out is v-sync, not much but enough. The game ran fine at 1440p for me but I do have a GTX 980 so it would want to, depending on the card you have your mileage may vary.I was born and bred a Resident Evil fan, I think I've bought Resident Evil(be it original or REmake) five times now and this is the best version, it's a little rough around the edges but it looks good overall and the characters look great. I think if you're a diehard like me this is a no brainer, it's one of the greatest games of all time at its complete best. If you're looking for a great survival horror game with old game mechanics then maybe watch some youtube videos before taking the plunge, it is still €20 or your regional equivalent. If you want to send a message to Capcom that this is the future of Resident Evil then buy it as well. In the famous words of the IGN reviewer ""I can't help but feel terrified of Crimson Heads. Even 19 years after I first encountered them"" neither can I even though it feels like only 12 years."
76561198046309180,Recommended,304240,14089712,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Uncle Joe,"Works well and looks good. Only bad thing is that the audio, for me at least, is desynced during cutscenes. Hopefullly this will be patched."
,Recommended,304240,14090926,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Lil Lamonte,Nostalgia...
,Recommended,304240,14091498,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Brainassance,"The first Resident Evil marked my life and my entire childhood. I never played the GameCube version, and I've waited months until HD Remaster launches. Worths every cent spent."
76561197961663761,Recommended,304240,14091538,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,.BAD. God Slayer,Died to first zombie.  10/10 Would bang.
,Recommended,304240,14091953,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ᴿᵃᵛᵉ|Re-Bourne ۞,Yes i recommend this game but i keep getting error message unsuported function error
76561198004990146,Recommended,304240,14118937,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,chilledtoDabone,"I haven't played this since the Sony Playstation days!  I haven't gone far but it seems to be working great on my AMD Phenom II 940 paired with a GTX 670 with a 360 controller.This is my most memoriable game of feeling adrenaline while playing a game.  In the dark, alone, never seen, never knew existed, but oh {insert word} when I found... the Hunters.  I'm really looking forward to experiencing how much has changed in the last two decades for this HD Remastered version.  It's possible that this game kickstarted the zombie revolution seen partake between 1996 and today with regards to movies, tv shows, and games.Final thoughts:This is what my future home should look like.  Come on in and make yourself comfy."
76561198020690085,Recommended,304240,14119574,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kritikas,old school game :) it was my first game on ps 1 console. love it
76561198016022726,Recommended,304240,14124436,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,sryimanoob,"boring game, love this when i was younger, but now?nothe inventory sucks BIG TIME,its like going back and forth and memorize every single time, gets repetitive"
76561198042866375,Recommended,304240,14126032,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,AnthonyH,Best Resident Evil game ever made thanks Capcom for this masterpiece on PC in glorious 60FPS. Now just Remake Re2 Re3 and 0 :D
76561197982847466,Recommended,304240,14133718,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,fadesurf225,I saw a Jill Sandwich.  She's the master of unlocking.Thanks Barry!10/10
76561198016380042,Recommended,304240,14133754,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,>>MuhKuh4tw,"Remake of a Remake which was great 2002 and is great 2015€ 20,- is also a very fair price.Who loves old fashioned Resident evil cant do anything wrong with this one"
,Recommended,304240,14079278,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DustSpectre,"Well worth 20 bucks for a pre order. Truth be told, I never grew up on this game. Playing it now I really enjoy it. I believe this is my favorite Resident Evil game of all time. Go ahead and get it."
,Recommended,304240,14083268,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Helegad,Works great. I truly don't see 18GB worth of content though.
,Recommended,304240,14090222,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Yoshi,"Don't bother with this game if you dont have the 4 GB of RAM. I have 4, but my laptop only uses up to 3 GB and it ran the game at very low FPS, but the grapics were amazing, I recommend this if you meet the r,eqirements"
,Recommended,304240,14090735,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,DesL,Like the first time I played it... excellent in every way
,Recommended,304240,14123719,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Insidia,"This game is for those who are fans of the original Resident Evil, remember playing it and want some sense of nostalgia.If the above sentence isn't you then you won't enjoy, or even ""get"" the game and instead will be annoyed at certain camera angles, controls and the fact you can't drop anything might rile a few. I'm a fan on Resident Evil and I even remember buying the original back on the first Playstation so that's were i'm coming from.TLDR; It's an awesome remake and I defintely get the nostalgic feeling. Most of my complaints are generally the same kind of complaints I had with the original one.We have really good HD texture updates on the environment as well as extra lightning features which make some of the camera shots an amazing exerience for those who remember the original well enough.For those of you who in which the original game was before your time and you generally play most current gen games then this might not be for you, there is a solid chance that you will find this game too challenging."
,Recommended,304240,14132345,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,LimeLit,"I finally had a chance to play a game I've wanted to try out for the last 13 years.  Never saw a reason to get a GameCube other than this game, and getting a GC for just one game I was interested in didn't seem to make too much sense.  Finally playing, and completing, this game was a fantastic experience.The gameplay is a huge contrast to what Capcom has done with the RE series recently.  I personally love the slower paced gameplay of these classic RE titles.  This game isn't too hard to figure out, both gameplay and puzzle wise, but even then it doesn't hold your hand the entire time.  That is what makes this game great.  Want a good survival horror game?  This is it.I, and a lot of others (I'm sure), would love to see REmake 2 as well!Pros:+ Upgraded 3D models+ Added widescreen support+ Decent PC visual settings+ Keyboard control support+ 60+ FPS+ Classic Resident Evil gameplayCons:- The pre-rendered backgrounds don't look the best (blurry)- Movement (especially with the keyboard) is a little awkward, sometimes my controller is unresponsive for a second or two- Refresh rate capped at 60Hz (I own a 144Hz monitor)"
,Recommended,304240,14185819,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Teddy Leach,10/10 would Jill sandwich again.
,Recommended,304240,14233734,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fgw_wolf™,"THE ZOMBIES, THEY KEEP COMING FOR ME MAKE IT STOP"
,Recommended,304240,14230693,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Al(coholic)ex,This game is a classic! The HD release is fantastic aswell! 11/10
,Recommended,304240,15324621,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Senate,in the first ten minutes is kenneth eaten by dogs69/10 - IGN
76561198031827885,Recommended,304240,14736132,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,future_productions,FULL MARKS FOR THIS GAME REMAKE 100% AWSOME
76561198005136590,Recommended,304240,15500571,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Typhoon,Such a classic! Glad to see it revamped for Steam users to enjoy!Enter the original survival horror
,Recommended,304240,15301765,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,execb5,The best Resident Evil ever made.
,Recommended,304240,15308434,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Call_Me_Arty,Honestly. The most brilliant level desgin I've ever seen.
76561198055496591,Recommended,304240,15663451,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CriticalGore,Nope Nope SOOO MUCH NOPE!
76561198084819662,Recommended,304240,21452695,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,pauldiazberrio,"Back in 2002, this game ushered in the era of more realistic graphics. Now, it serves as proof that no matter how much time passes, console games can, and are, ported to the PC. This particular one was remastered most excellently. The graphics are certainly as enhanced as the comparisons show. The atmosphere and the sound effects are among the most lifelike in any video game to date. The lighting, both from the moonlight and the candles and the contrast of the shadows  is very impressive. In Resident Evil HD Remaster, the line between video games and cinema is much thinner than it was before. In the original game, there was no lightning or thunder, no running water or leaves moving in the wind, but there are in this version and they create a great ambiance.The gameplay is modelled after the classic stop and shoot design, but somehow that makes the experience even more suspenseful. The fixed camera angles add great tension and dread to the atmosphere. The shooting mechanics are crisp and the autoaim is a very welcome feature that will appeal to the early Resident Evil fans who were frustrated by having to turn and face the enemy manually. Also, the self-defense technique of sticking a hand grenade in the mouth of a zombie, cerberus or hunter, offers a very inventive and spectacular way to blow their heads off, either by running away and letting the grenade go off, or shooting it with a weapon.For the fans and newcomers to the game, you'll find much to like about the port of the Resident Evil remake. The least of which will be a more elabourate Spencer Mansion. Many new areas have been added to it, making the building more believable and complete. The larger library, the enlarged and new balconies are particularly noteworthy. Don't miss out on this game. If you value sophisticated level design, mystery and action, I think you will enjoy what this remastered port has to offer."
76561198234200924,Recommended,304240,21348550,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,melmorales69,i remember this game when i got my first appartment someone bought me a [ps one] .. now i can play in all day long ..
76561198029935591,Recommended,304240,21366959,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,st0rm,"I'm Huge RE series fan, when RE4 brought that action-like gameplay i really started to miss original RE titles such as RE1 - RE3.This game is exactly what i've wanted.Great remastered edition of nostalgic RE1No crashes, Good graphics and still good'ol gameplay.This is a Must Have for RE fans10/10"
76561198098324690,Recommended,304240,21379307,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Silencer,Pure Nostalgia. :)
,Recommended,304240,18964882,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ragna,"Good graphics , terrible camera angles,atrocious voice acting,cool weapons , story, puzzles.What made me happy was that it is not the same game.There is a lot more things to do ,areas to explore.It is not just copy paste with better graphics.Way to go devs"
,Recommended,304240,15923194,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Safe 名前は,"Absolutely beautiful remaster, worth playing again and again."
,Recommended,304240,14156824,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,AsOiX,Brings great memories back (:
76561197977927906,Recommended,304240,14108143,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kes,Was nearly a Jill sandwich11/10 would nearly become an HD sandwich again
76561198272103935,Recommended,304240,24419876,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,aaron.coulter2001,loved it would have been better if you could either play as chris and jill without inventory boxes or one person plays chris the other plays as jill but it is not easy to make a video game even a remake of a game thanks Capcom
,Recommended,304240,26370674,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,G3x',Best RE ever
,Recommended,304240,27246273,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,brokenbirthday,Reminded me why these games were so great.
,Recommended,304240,27294149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,w4t3rbuuug,"Take the survival horror classic and improve it in every way that matters.Pros+Atmosphere+Graphics (do a side-by-side between this and the 1996 original)+incorporates every gameplay improvement made to the classic formula+Voice acting (see comment made on graphics)In my personal opinion and i can't find anything wrong that wouldn't come across as nitpicking,This is survival horror at its finest5/5"
76561198322079490,Recommended,304240,29770528,Posted: 7 February,all,Tomekk,"With all its glory and majesty REmake landed on all current systems. I played it on GC, PS3 and now I'm experiencing this glorious game on PC in 1080p with 60 fps, which is IMHO the ultimate REmake edition of all. There are only two things that bugs me:- original release was in 2002 (awful lot of time ago), and it only pains me to see thousands upon thounsands of gamers starving for real survival horror experience, which was DENIED DENIED DENIED to us back in 2002. It was just in 2015 when this pretty little thing became available for wider audience. As I see it, in 2002 the game was received rather lukewarmly and to limited, strictly hermetic community of Ninny gamers, and the original GC version sales were poor.How could it happend that such a jewel, a real gem was kept in Capcom's attic for 13 years, that after 13 yearsREMAKE SALES ARE HIGHER THAN THE ORIGINAL's GC VERSION?!- I think that it is just now that this game really lives and breaths in gamers minds, asNo words are able to encompass my devotion to REmake. It is one of the canonical games, CANONICAL GAMES in the entire video/computer games industry, games that define or defined what the industry is today, what it will be tomorrow. (e.g. another is TES III Morrowind), one that had been refined after years of trial and error to eventually become a swan song, a testament of the genre that once was, but has been forgotten, buried in the depths of shallow take-me-by-my-hand-from-checkpoint-to-checkpoint games.We live in an age of Resident Evil Remake Renaissance! Glorious Days!"
,Recommended,304240,14157623,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,The best Resident Evil game ever.
,Recommended,304240,14928240,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Slack,10/10 Good door opening simulator
76561198007747398,Recommended,304240,30824639,Posted: 29 March,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,My laptop is so potato that I had to set graphics on the lowest. But still I am finishing the game at fps 20-30 without refering to any guide. Can I call myself a hardcore gamer now?9/10  minus one because the dialog-cutscene delay.
76561198357078315,Recommended,304240,34655945,Posted: 1 September,all,vittorioG88,"I play this game on ps one , but HD  is just fantastic .They done very good job , great work Capcom"
,Not Recommended,304240,34558769,Posted: 28 August,all,uncolober,"Original: colourful, extremely tightly paced and quite intentionally hilarious. A genre-defining milestone in game design by one of the greatest directors.REmake: besides the unnecessary gameplay additions, I really didn't like alterations to the style. In the original game, the combination of purple ""gothic"" and campy sci-fielements actually made logical sense: those guys were conducting ""scientific"" experiments under a gothic mansion, so the plague initially seemed almost supernatural to the player. But in the REmake there are coffins hanging on chains and other nonsense. Did those 80-s horror movie scientists hang those coffins up like that? Even in RE's campy world they'd have no reason to do that. The added generic tragic monster was also out of place and its sob story dissonant with the campy narrative. The new graphics are occasionally impressive, but everything is too brown and grey compared to the almost expressionistic vividness of the original. All in all,the REmake misses, in my opinion,the point and is in general justunnecessary, like practically all remakes.The 2015 updated port: prerendered backgrounds are sometimes very obviously upscaled, but otherwise looking good even at modern resolutions. Jill's butta cute."
,Recommended,304240,14086253,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Procrastinator 2-D,"I would consider myself a fan of the franchise, even though the only one I've played thoroughly and finished was RE4, one of my favourite games of all time. This game is amazing, and not because I have nostalgia for it, because when this game came out sadly they didn't make controllers the size of a digestive biscuit. It takes the tone so much more seriously than RE1 on the PS1 ever did.The backtracking, amazingly doesn't feel cheap. The backtracking isn't just put there the fill time, but to add atmosphere. It'll force you to backtrack through a door that will break if you go through it, or through a place with a zombie and a crimson head.Unlike RE1, it isn't known for moments like ""Wow, what a mansion!"", and more for moments like the bit where you have to walk through a hallway, and there's a zombie standing outside, tapping on the glass slowly, but it never gets in. There's no insta-kills (Wink, wink!), there's no stupid basement music, there's only you, a few bullets, a mansion, and some zombies. I love it. So go buy this game. It's only £16. You'll be giving Cap-Ca-Pom a message."
,Recommended,304240,15882836,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[☯] Namali,I died from the first zombie 10/10.
,Recommended,304240,14424892,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewIt’s Resident Evil. Everyone knows the series, and you either love it or hate it. Overall, this remake of a remake is pretty good. It doesn’t drastically change the series formula, but it looks fantastic on modern equipment, and for the price, you cannot go wrong. Definitely a must for fans of survival horror.Want the TL;DR?Buy it. It’s the game you know and love with a modern control scheme, with the same enemies and bosses as previously. All in glorious high definition. Well worth the low asking price.The Good+ It’s Resident Evil. If Alone in the Dark (1992) is the father of survival horror, Resident Evil is its genius child who goes on to do many great things, with some fumbles along the way.+ Graphics. Capcom has done a good job with this remake of a remake. Almost everything has been improved in many ways; lighting, small atmospheric effects (like gnats flying near light sources), character models, backgrounds. They all look terrific on modern computers.+ Sound/music. Just like the original, the sound effects and music are terrific. For the longest time, the Save Room music was my cell ringer. Zombies moan and groan, you can hear them shambling before you see them, the tap-tap of hunters as they scurry after you, the launch of a grenade killing said hunter, everything is done remarkably. The dialog is still cheesy, but lines have been changed, added and removed. You will no longer be the master of unlocking.+ Controls. For purists, or those who thoroughly enjoyed the original 1996 game, you can control Jill and Chris like the tanks they were. Still my preferred method. Or if you prefer, you can change to a modern scheme, that is similar to other games. If you play using a controller, you can turn on the new scheme but get both: I use my Xbox One controller, and the stick moves me using the new method, while the D-pad uses the old method.+ Item locations/puzzles. Some items have been moved, but not all, so expecting to see an emblem where it used to be may not be the case anymore. Puzzles, while still pretty easy, have been slightly changed as well from the original. Together, doing this presents something new to you, despite your familiarity with the game. For example, instead of grabbing the sheet music and playing the piano, the sheet music is missing a page, meaning you need to find it and combine the two before you can finish the puzzle.+ Two stories. Playing as Jill provides one story, playing as Chris provides a second view. They’re essentially the same, and they wind up the same, but there are enough differences to play through each story once. Jill’s game is also slightly easier than Chris (in addition to whatever difficulty you’ve selected). Chris is only able to carry six items at a time (two of which will almost always be a weapon and ammo, so four items, really) to Jill’s eight, making inventory management more of a process as well.The Bad- Familiarity. If you’ve played the original, or even the GameCube remake, you know what to expect. You know what will be hiding behind that corner, and you’ll be ready for the jump scares. Knowing what happens takes a bit of the fun out of the game.- Replaybility. There’s not much. Just like the original, the game has a few alternate endings depending on what you’ve done, but the triggers are pretty easy to spot, and all it takes is a save before advancing. You also get rewards for completing the game in under a certain time, but that’s carried over when you begin a new game. So, if you want to go through the exact same thing again but have access to something cool from the start, that could be a bonus.- Blurry textures at times. Some parts of the game look blurry, as if they weren’t touched in the upgrade. For example, as Jill, you’ll come across a team member later on and the game will zoom up close to his face, which is blurry and blocky. Not that it takes you out of the game, but compared to the rest of the detail, it’s an odd thing.The Rest+/- Still some odd design choices. For example, when you’re done with a key, the game says you no longer need it, and asks you if you want to discard it. Your character has never been to the mansion, how do you know the key is no longer needed?+/- Same cheesy voice acting with pretty bad actors. You either love the campiness, or hate it. I’m in the former.+/- Backtracking can be annoying, especially if you’ve put an item into storage only to walk ten minutes to find out you need that item to progress, but that’s part of the charm. Inventory management at its finest."
,Recommended,304240,14433818,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"Better then my Game cube version, good job Capcom, now do 0, 2,3, and code Veronica please."
76561198204229479,Recommended,304240,32597288,Posted: 20 June,all,marccellinno,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,304240,24051054,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,•leggy,Break into someone's mansion and move their furniture around while they're out.
76561198122108656,Recommended,304240,24366159,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dank3g0,10/10 would make a jill sandwich again.
76561198071172199,Recommended,304240,14087508,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,gURGLESKLETCH,♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,304240,31462582,Posted: 30 April,all,adbromley.ab,I downloaded this game but can't review it because I am too scared to play it.I played it on the ps1 in 96 but had bigger balls back then so I got through about 80% of it.I think I might USe cheats for this one.
,Recommended,304240,14118682,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Domino Francisco,BUT JUSTTAKE- A LOOK - ATTHIS!
,Recommended,304240,23811985,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Excel,amazing game terrible port
76561198030570438,Recommended,304240,14120148,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ringod123,"Absolutely brilliant, keeps all of what made the original great while still managing to change it up a little for those that never played the Gamecube remake. If like me you cant quite remember how to instantly solve all the puzzles and which rooms to go to first then you can expect about a 12 hour play through per character, with bonus items awarded to promote re playing as the same character.Re-done graphics are pretty spot on and most of the scenes look beautiful, one small grip however is that, for an HD remake in 2015, 1920x1200 as a max resolution is pretty poor, and the odd fmv sequence are in their original 320(?)p format which look terrible, surely they could have afforded to re-do these tiny sequences (maybe about 20 seconds worth of fmv in total)."
76561197997993604,Recommended,304240,14113438,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Vicboss,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ I never played the original or the Gamecube remake, I'm really glad I picked this up. This game is what survival-horror actually means. RE4 was my first game of the series and while it was one of my favourite games of all time, I can't help but wish they had gone back to this style of movement and aiming for RE5 and RE6.The over-the-shoulder view and aiming style does make more sense, and gives you much more control; but that control takes away from the difficulty and the almost claustrophobic style of fear moving through the mansion's corridors brings. I think they should either go back to this style or make a spin-off series that controls like the originals."
76561198038785461,Recommended,304240,14115991,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,xSTraNGeRz,"One of my childhood games! We didn't care about the graphic and how the control is working on the game, I was just having fun getting scared and solving really tricky puzzles in the games, Now with smoth frames on 60hz and amazing graphics this game is just perfect. I really recomend this game for ones who didn't try it at all. and no comment for RE5 and 6."
,Recommended,304240,14171232,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sho-gun Liquid,RESIDENT EVIL 2 & 3 HDI WILL SELL MY SISTER AND TWO CAMELS AND THROW MONEY AT YOU TILL THESE GAMES ARE REMASTERED AND SOLD HERE AT STEAM. DO IT CAPCOM. DOO IITTTT.Please Capcom pleaseeeee.
,Recommended,304240,14094842,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Classified,"Very nice rework of a really good game, runs like a charm for me with solid 60 fps and not a single bug so far.All the people writing negative reviews based on their game being ""slow-motion"" or whatever should try upgrading their toaster-PC's or reinstalling the game first. If that doesnt work im pretty sure Capcom will patch it soon enough.Anyhow the game is filled with neat puzzles, most of which are well designed to not be stupidly hard nor easy. Good survival elements and cool unlockables in form of different costumes etc."
76561198004209236,Recommended,304240,14160656,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MrNiffler,Shoot zimbabwe and get paid 10/10
,Recommended,304240,14095080,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,God King Spoops,Riddle me this.WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ HAVEN'T YOU BOUGHT THIS YET?!
,Recommended,304240,14118280,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,HoaX,"i cant give it a negative reviewcause of nostalgia reasonsbut the crimson heads changed the game massively, in a bad way !( i played ps1 version)you now have to run past all of them or if you kill them you have to burn the bodies, otherwise they will come back super toughyou need kerosin ( there are a few places to refill) , a canteen and a lighter (2 out of 8 slots used) and that canteen holds only enough to burn 2 bodies wtf!small inventory space  makes you run around like an idiot cause theres only 8 slots in your inventory(pistol+ammo+knife+a key+lighter+kerosin+green herb+maybe a quest item and youre already overloaded ..so if youre in a hurry and you just want to pick up an item before the zombies close in on you ,nope!)this running away from zombies and knowing that there are super zombies just wont let you explore the mansion as i  had the chance to do in 1996 version ,and thats a bit sad, the game used to be slow ,, not action genre but survival horror,now with this stupid added zombie type they added a ""unnatural"" difficulty that feels unnecessary (i played through 25% of jills campaign and i only killed 4 zombies and one zombie dog)simple reason: burning bodies is just plain awfull and feels cheap!!!like they wanted to make the game harder but they made it just annoying ...replayability is like 0 now ,glad that its over, but not cause it was so scary ,because it was so annoying !!the evil within atleast did this better with their matches ,not so time consumpting like in re1------------------that was the part where i cried about the unfair zombie type--------------the controlls are as expectedusing the old""tank"" movement system feels more natural in combination with fixed camera but just my opinion(im not running in circles and into walls that often compared to the new layout)the sound is a bit strange....you hear the  zombies from the camera position and not from your char but thats okgfx.. i dont care if it looks rough ..actually thats what makes atmosphere.. leaving details unclear uncleangames like left for dead use a grain filter for examplecant say much more for now"
76561198006012259,Recommended,304240,14130598,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Nox Eterna,"An extremely enjoyable experience for anyone who likes survivor/horror imho. Never actually played the original game, but this one really came through for me. This is basically dark souls of the aforementioned genre - the game is challenging even on normal and does not hold your hand like most games made nowadays do - more often than not you will have to decide yourself where to go, which enemies to fight and from which run away.Controls and Camera can be somewhat awkward and that awkwardness proved fatal to me in several instances.9/10, 10/10 for the price"
76561197981188310,Recommended,304240,14161410,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Deadcalm,"Brilliant game, most of the bad reviews seem to mention slow motion problems and to be honest my PC is no where near the best in the world but I have had no issues with slow motion, being IT educated I tend to find problems like these are caused by people having a PC with or barely better than the minimum Specs needed to play a game or their PC is loaded up with garbage that runs in the background, some folks are having problems  loading the games because of missing .DLL files which is an easy fix, in Europe because Windows Media Player is not included with Windows a DLL is mising but can be resolved by downloading it.But back to the game, I love the camera angles mixed with puzzles and zombies which gives it a good mixture, they have the balance just right, you can only carry so many things and need to store the rest in the storage box which will have you saying this is a pain but in fairness I believe it adds to the game, the younger players won't like it as they have been fed a diet of no brain+no skill games like the COD series but if you appreciate a game with a purpose and not the run about for a few hours because you will complete it anyway because we really need you to buy some crap like packs or a season pass so we don't want it to hard for your poor we brain and hands then I would say buy it."
,Recommended,304240,14104116,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Poosiebeard,"This is true survivor horror.This is one my favorite games.If you like old school survivor horror games, buy it."
76561198032225770,Recommended,304240,16875757,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sinvein,I played this game as a child and its still bloody terrifying to me. Play this game if you want to know how ACTUAL survival horror is done.
,Recommended,304240,17610565,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,The Straight Muslim Goat,THIS GAME WARNING CAN BE SCARY AS H*** Past that an engaging story major interactive gameplay and puzzles that make you question every little thing that F******* EXISTS so with all of this I give the game a soild 10/10
,Recommended,304240,16909478,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Zacky,this game is just like the old resident evil so if you are a fan you need to buy this game!its just perfect
76561198089834160,Recommended,304240,14092891,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,She is Aroused,"Neck Bites are supposed to be intense, but this.... this got bloody"
76561198017340213,Recommended,304240,14094164,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,viral.architect,"I can't remember if the Gamecube version had this feature, but I noticed that even with the static camera angles, some shots actually moved the camera as you moved through the scene. Nice touch. I love the alternative controls so I don't have to use the tank mechaics. I had issues running at 60 FPS (movement was in slo-mo) but that is likely because my PC is aging. Otherwise, I'm so glad this wonderful remake of the classic RE finally made it to the PC. It's just as amazing as when I played it for the first time on the Gamecube. This is how a remake should be done."
76561197976301923,Recommended,304240,14094373,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,I_LoveKimCHi.COM,"People who's having problem with slow motion techinical issue. Do this. This slow motion problem can be fixed. I just fixed mine!! All you gotta do is tweak some Nvidia 3D settings! Select Global settings, then select High-performance Nvidia processor. That will fix it and retry playing the game on default setting!"
,Recommended,304240,14093880,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,› Chronodistortion,"Great port plays fine looks even better if you were terrified back in 96' this will be a must buy, just cant believe how much of the puzzle solving i completely forgot, so to me it's like playing again for the first time :)"
76561198031601948,Recommended,304240,14097968,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mrpointlessone,One of the best games in the resident evil series survival horror at its best to bad they dont make more resident evil games like this. when i get good at it again im going to see if i can beat it in 56min did once on the gamecube lets see if i can do it again.liking the achievements gives you a little something extra to do good hd textures but some stuff still needs to be made hd prob did not look right is why they left it the way it was and its just as good as the gamecube version the sound went out on me not completly but when i was fighting plant 42 alot of it went quite on me the only time it happened and it gets a stop responding error when i exit and they need to fix the mouse courser from showing up take it off or something other then that its a great game no probs.
76561197978139805,Recommended,304240,14093786,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Skooma Cat,"Oh, REmake. To think I'd forgotten how much I loved you. The reason I bought a Gamecube in the first place (a decision I have never regretted, as that console had a stupidly good library). Now here you are, gussied up and all HD-fied. And oh how you look in HD...You're stunning, simply stunning. Your pre-rendered backgrounds re-rendered to modern resolutions, your framerate at a silky-smooth 60 per second, your glorious tank controls and original 4:3 aspect ratio intact for the truly faithful.I tried your 16:9 setting, but found the screen scrolling every time I moved to be to my disliking, as were your new ""character moves in the direction you push the d-pad"" controls. Yes, d-pad, because when I played your original version on Playstation in 1996 there were no analog sticks, and so a d-pad is how I am still most comfortable playing you and your sequels. Call me old-school if you will, but your tank controls never bothered me before, and they don't bother me now.Oh, but how you've aged gracefully, REmake. The new additions they gave you in 2002 are still a source of fear: The ""crimson"" zombies still make me question whether or not to shoot a zombie, or just try to run around them. And Lisa! She is still the stuff of nightmares. Your constantly forcing me to balance ammo/weapons, puzzle items and healing items still wracks my nerves, forcing me to plan each trip outside of a safe room carefully. The sense of dread as I count the bullets I spend, the herbs I use, my supplies ever dwindling...yet when I find a huge stash of them I know something really nasty is coming up.Your story and voice acting are still silly, but that's just the window dressing: the tight resource management and puzzle solving are your real heart. Your mood and atmosphere and music are still nigh unmatched, and I cannot overstate how jaw-droppingly gorgeous your visuals are now. Your replayability is still as high as ever, too, with two different stories to play through, plus trying to get better score/completion times. For $20 you're a bargain: I'd have paid $40 and done so happily.Once again you make me wish Capcom had remade Resident Evil 2 like this, but for now I am content to have you join my other favorite Resident Evil (RE4) in my Steam library. You haven't lost any of your ability to scare or unnerve me, even now, and happily you're being given the re-release you deserve.Gameplay: 10/10Controls: 7/10Music: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Replayability: 9/10"
76561198012404775,Recommended,304240,14084888,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,topdoog1,This port is perfect no problems at all. Finaly a true survior horror game.
76561198041743415,Recommended,304240,14191553,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CarmelizedFunions,Slow Motion Simulator 2015
76561198044267587,Recommended,304240,14093612,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Duncan,I can remember playing the orignal with my dad almost 20 years ago. this remastered version is a piece of video game history and a part of my life. If you havent played a resident evil game before i highly recomend this one. i give it a 100/10 ;-) it is the father of horror survival style games as well as the best horror survival series.  i recomend this game over any on the steam network so far.
,Recommended,304240,14092989,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Chet Manley,I made me a Jill Sandwich while playing this game
,Recommended,304240,14093540,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Alïson,"So far, an excellent remake of the classic survival horror. Its added features will surely surprise you, adding a bit of spice to your nostalgic experience of Resident Evil. Considering its rather cheap price, I highly recommend supporting this game!"
,Recommended,304240,14098841,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ScottNBNP,"10/10 would jill sanwhich.But on a serious note, this is the definitive version of the original Resident Evil game. This is how a remakes should be done. When this first got released for the gamecube it was mind blowing. It was the first time i seen a ""HD Remake"" and i was blown away.The extra content that wasn't in the original, the new scenes and graphics were amazing, and this remaster is just as amazing. The lighting and higher models is just amazing. If you liked the gamecube version, you will love this, if you never got a chance to play the Gamecube version..... what are you waiting for, but this.Runs like butter on a hot day, looks amazing and sending a message to capcom that these are the sorts of Resident Evil games we want, is always a bonus."
,Recommended,304240,14097582,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,pottereric34,"So no matter what i do this game lags even on a desktop, i set it to the lowest settings and still lags to hell. How can i fix this with out just buying a new comp, and yes i already reset my steam like the support page says to."
76561198108629528,Recommended,304240,14093415,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Van Darkholme,"It's a good game, you know the most important things are the atmosphere and feeling. Some people still unsatisfied with the graphics, well, at least it's better than the average level. If you have the doubt about the program optimization, I'd say its ok. Actually you should look at the performance of this game on ps3 and xbox360, and you will say 'Wow its f***king great!' By the way if you can stand Ubi's games I think there's no problem any more.Few guys say there may be not synchronized between audio and video, but most of us never faced such problems. In my opinion the reason why you might face this trouble should because of your hardware, or drivers. To solve these problems, I suggest you can set the frame to 30fps, and, turn off the f**king vertical synchronous. Remember, if you have two or more video cards, this game probably only use one of them, especially integrated graphics, you'd better choose the better one or find some patch to fix it."
,Recommended,304240,14093587,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nico ✧,"Seeing that I have met the recommended requirements to run this game on my computer, I decided to purchase it. I am a fan like a lot of the players here so I was excited to spend my night playing this. Although once I started the game, I ran into some problems.- When cutscenes played, the scene was moving a bit slow so the voice recording and the cutscene didn't match up.- When I played as Jill, she was moving quite slow in the game. I had to change the default settings and the screen resolution a couple of times to find a good setting which Jill can move normally.Despite the problems I ran into, I enjoy playing this game and recommend it to anyone who is a fan."
76561197975224754,Recommended,304240,14095601,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Cakefist,"Wonderful, I have not played since the psone. It looks amazing and the controls are great. Looking forward to playing lots of this."
,Recommended,304240,14097710,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ieatsmallchildren92,"This is the best classic RE game by a long, long shot. It's got the tension and atmosphere that simply can't be matched. It looks gorgeous remade in HD. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,304240,26267546,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Riddle,Perfect Remake
76561198030942079,Recommended,304240,14090287,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),"Great game! This was the first game I purchased for the PS1 and I have ben waiting for 18 +/- years for the opportunity to replay this as a remake. A long time classic from the days of the ""non-hand-holding"" era. What more can one ask for, campy dialogue, crazy controls. It's prefect. This is how remakes should be done, not to mention at $20, one would be a fool to not give this a go.  Would you rather get fat on 20 bucks worth of chips and mountain-dew or get fat playing this game? Money well spent.10/10 Buy it, or give in to the ""full reee-tard"" that you are.  Buy. It."
76561198078208116,Recommended,304240,24753825,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"Faithful Port of the Gamecube Remake - a remake of the good AND the bad that isI really don't need to say anything about this you don't already know but here's my Two cents...The Good -This is pure, unadulterated nostalgia.  Lets face it even with all the action and graphical quality of the Post RE3 era we are all secretly missing the days when we actually needed to engage our imaginations, people need stimulation not just heart pounding action.  The early RE games were more like reading a book than pretending to be Rambo (of whitch there is a TON other games out there for that) and for this reason these early offerings will never grow old.  The artwork, sound, feeling and the story are just as we remember it way back then.  It will still impress you visually after all these years, scare you witless and delight you with it's classy construction.  In fact I would say that it has slightly crisper visuals than its Gamecube Parent and evidently a great deal of time has been spent on it.The Bad -Unfortunately the controles, be it keyboard or joystick, are even more clunky and unresponsive than the Gamecube version was, and that was an absolute nightmare to use!!  The clipping here is truly horrible for the Jill character, slightly better for Chris, meaning that by the half way mark, just when things start to get interesting, when you need exacting and quick actions for the more confined locations such as the caves, this offering becomes quite literally unplayable.Sorry guys but this should have ben taken care of before release."
76561197973876899,Recommended,304240,15944648,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mr.Electric,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8hp_P7wrYEnuff said
,Recommended,304240,26330311,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,aSS BLOOD,Resident Evil Outbreak remaster plz Capcom
,Recommended,304240,14111547,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,iddqd,I died and got an achievement for that.9/11
76561198312533948,Recommended,304240,28850934,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Reactivity,<3 Jill
,Recommended,304240,23775836,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Scrotweler,I'm actually writing a review for a videogame for once. This game is worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY!
,Recommended,304240,23732177,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius ©,Good.
,Recommended,304240,29866340,Posted: 11 February,all,Maledictam,"The camera may want you to stab someone but other then that, it's a great game."
76561198206330403,Recommended,304240,24117366,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nonestro,I like it
,Recommended,304240,14088098,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ahmed el-Jaheeb,"About an hour into the game, I picked up a key and a statue came and crushed me. I had to restart the entire game.10/10 would get crushed again"
76561198094501978,Recommended,304240,25010462,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tyers,awesome but how do you play full screen :(
76561197990458954,Recommended,304240,28901668,Posted: 1 January,all,oldpainless,Love this game
76561197980241343,Recommended,304240,28493904,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198123148189,Recommended,304240,34320995,Posted: 17 August,all,Jeremiah Weed,10/10 Would have a crimson head kill me and lose all the progress I made
,Recommended,304240,14297341,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Berry Smol,Dark Souls is too easy compared to this babe
76561197987071663,Recommended,304240,14113833,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,kanesaref,not bad but my pavililion g6 latptop with a105750m apuand 8gb high speed ram and a 250gb intel 530ssd was laging like crazy suck so much but still happy capcom doesnt forget the fan base we want re1-re3 please but please add proper cpu support thank you kane
,Recommended,304240,14173959,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Takumoru,"Insanely good game, made even better! Get it.. Get it now, ya wimp!"
,Recommended,304240,14080257,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ghoul,10 Jill sandwiches out of 10!!! Would eat a sandvich!
,Not Recommended,304240,14303135,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Danger Fox,Capcom took a game from 2002 and made computers from 2015 not be able to run it. Wasted $20 on a game that doesn't work and the devs won't even respond to anything going on in the official forums. Thanks again Capcom
76561198079346220,Recommended,304240,14127740,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,biohazard,"Best game ever, the new RE games are a ♥♥♥♥ing joke! Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥right Capcom ffs."
,Recommended,304240,31230137,Posted: 18 April,all,REEF X mr,No freakin way this remaster came out two years ago.
76561198127718878,Recommended,304240,14756776,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hunted-by,أنصح الجميع يلعبهاإسترجاع أيام بلايستيشن 1في إنتظاررزدنت إيفل 2&3
,Recommended,304240,14107262,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Basement Guy,Best. Game. Ever
,Recommended,304240,14098518,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,*TaKamoto ;),"Jill Sandwich11,524/10"
76561198015007901,Not Recommended,304240,22294587,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Fox,"I hate to say this, but I presently cannot recommend this game.  I had a fun time trying out the originals back in the PS days.  Later on, I was right on time for the GameCube remakes with better graphics.  Years later, I'm more of a PC gamer than anything because I just can't afford to have 3 game systems and a computer.  I was excited to see a game I couldn't play any longer finally made available to me.I'm used to playing games on their lowest settings.  I don't need full screen, so I usually just play smaller so everything runs fairly smooth.  The Visual options in this game don't help me out at all.  Doing everything I could to make this game playable for me (and I'm not playing on the worst gaming laptop in the world.) the game was unplayable.  It took forever for characters to move.  So until I have another $2500 to shell out for a ""newer model"" computer when I bought this one just last year, or they update options for someone who plays in windowed mode with no shadows and graphics set low, then I can't really give a fair say to THIS version of the game.If you have the GameCube version, I can recommend that.  It was playable.  Maybe in a month, if I have time to play around with options more, I can give this version another chance."
76561198097652306,Recommended,304240,30636155,Posted: 20 March,all,For the Horde!,+18 Patch Works Great.10/10
,Recommended,304240,14101578,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gatsu,10/10 Amazing game from the fantastic Resident Evil era. A must have for any fan of good old survival horror :).
,Recommended,304240,20670181,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,gthomas,"Good Game, need i7 processor to play. if you don't have it,  don´t buy it or will have Slow Mo."
76561198032048631,Recommended,304240,14079196,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cloudwalkr,"What this game is to me...When i was 15yrs old i heard about this game that was banned because it had cutscenes that were to grousome for ratings so it had been changed from the original version to what we had on the store shelves.  I didn't get the chance to buy the game, just rent it from the local blockbuster.So many memories of the next tree nights sitting in horror 3ft away from my tv in my dark room with the sound up.  I wont go into details because i dont want to ruin it for anyone that has never played this game before.This remake has not let me down.  The graphics are amazing and top notch.  Controls are smooth and responsive.  Scare factor is still there through the atmosphere.All in all well worth $20.  Buy it and remember the good old times or enjoy a classic for the first time knowing this game set the standard in so many way's."
76561198085215235,Recommended,304240,23119353,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kajusxx2,can't play game got fatal erorr when try lunch a game
,Recommended,304240,14083355,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ageing Stormtrooper,"If you love nostalgia / retro-gaming, then this is a no-brainer.Great HD-characters and monster, but not textures of scenery, that is unfortunately blurry scaled up and is a bit of a shame.If you never played Resident Evil games, keep in mind that they have nothing in common with modern ""survival"" horror games, as in collect, build camp, etc. This is more of a puzzle/adventure type of game with some action elements.for the price of 20 euro, recommendable. I wouldn't have payed more though for it."
,Recommended,304240,14089751,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,S7.RainbowDash,"A great classic brought to pc.Solid 60fps, high rez options, suprisingly amazing m+k controls, more then a solid port.Still as the creepy atmosphere of the mansion, with better graphics.One of the few negatives would be some of the puzzles got remade to be easier.100% worth its 20$, includes achievos and cards !"
76561198041186226,Recommended,304240,14078142,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sketchy,"I'm sure it's great, but everything's in slow motion for me."
,Recommended,304240,14077975,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Balaclava Bandit,"Its mother ♥♥♥♥ing resident evil 1 in HD, what the ♥♥♥♥ else do i need to say."
76561198213828119,Not Recommended,304240,32876872,Posted: 27 June,all,Yekim,"Loved this game on the ps4, but I dont recommend this game on steam because this was a terrible port, I got the slow motion glitch and audio sync lag like many others, capcom probably wont ever fix it but luckily a fan made a patch for it and after jumping through hoops and fiddling around with the settings alot, I finally got this game working. All in all i rate this game 3/10, at least for the steam version. But it was'nt worth all the trouble."
76561198029701383,Not Recommended,304240,26286597,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NDPX,unacceptable render problem that causes the game to run in slow motion. Voices are not sync with video.This problem was reported more than 1 year!!!
76561198052812849,Not Recommended,304240,14099936,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Kinslayer,"Same problem like a lot of other players... No matter how low i put the settings, videos are always in slow motion. It's just purely disappointing... i hope this will be fixed"
76561197997687985,Recommended,304240,14116070,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Hysterical Normie,I crapped my pants the first time I saw a Crimson Head.10/10 would run again.
,Recommended,304240,14079147,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,GT4tube😼,11/10
,Recommended,304240,28470476,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JasonEvil89 (DEAF),Awesome 20th anniversary good scary games if you fan RE let play it :D
,Recommended,304240,24716661,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Abathur,"Don't buy. FPS is even lower and slower than my grandma's walking speed, and there is no official (also non-official) fix to be found.Here's a workin' unofficial fix. Found it on steam discussions but it was for RE0. Thought I could give it a try. And it works.https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4GQBygqK9jITzltWFNpSF9jbXc/viewJust slap the .dll file near the .exe of the game in the main folder.You can play it only with this.""Will be changing my opinnion as recommended..."""
,Not Recommended,304240,14340837,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gannon,garbage if you can find it for gamecube it runs smoother. how you can ♥♥♥♥ up a port thats a decade old beats the hell out of me. if you like playing the game in slo-mo then this games for you. capcom have updated a few times but they insist that its all client side. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i've seen posts where folks have serious rigs and the game still slo-mo's. don't bother save your money.
,Not Recommended,304240,22090346,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Guntario,"I know I say this about a lot of games, but this is so hard it's on the level of ridiculous. And it's not hard because of the enemies or anything present a challenge, it's hard because of the game's mechanics. I played with Chris, and he can only hold 6 things in his inventory. If you want to save the game, you need to hold a typewriter tape and that takes a slot. Your gun/ammo takes 2 slots. Your knife takes a slot. So, I'm already down four slots. Along the way, you'll find objects but don't put them in your inventory because they take up slots as well. If you don't do everything in the exact prescribed order, you'll have to start over simply because you can't hold enough items in your inventory. That's stupid. That's not a challenge, that's hard for the sake of being hard."
76561198011364651,Not Recommended,304240,19299213,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Aethian,The game is not supported by Capcom. They posted one topic and then just abandoned any further technical support. For my system it has been rendered completely unplayable. Others are not having the same issue and you may find the game playable.  Buyer beware. Capcom doesn't at all care about the many issues some of us are having.
76561198048974498,Not Recommended,304240,28945181,Posted: 2 January,all,rjmacready,"It's with a heavy, heavy heart that I write the following words, but they do need to be said:CAPCOM. YOU ARE AN EVIL, IMMORAL PACK OF MONEY-GRUBBING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Mere words, on the other hand, are insufficient to describe how huge a place this game holds in my heart...and the original game it's a remake of, even more so. I'd by-and-largely lost interest in video games during my teenage years, until I found myself in the home of a Playstation 1 owner in my mid-twenties (I'm 43 now, feel free to do the math). They weren't playing Resident Evil, nor did they even own it, but they were showing us some trailers on a disc and among the more usual fare was a preview for this game which actually looked SCARY. I'd played a couple of roughly ""horror""-themed games in my youth, but didn't really conceive of any game ever being genuinely suspenseful and frightening. Not long after that I owned my first Playstation, and guess what my very first game on it was?No, it wasn't Crash Bandicoot.Long story at least vaguely shorter, Resident Evil filled a hole which had been in my life for some years prior: it made the horror genre SCARY for me again. I'd watched so many horror films by that point that few had any impact on me (beyond light-hearted entertainment), and I frankly pined for that sensation of (fictional) terror in my life again. Fast-forward a handful of years, and I find myself buying some new console called a GameCube, just so I could play a then-exclusive remake of one of my all-time favourite games. Fast-forward a little over another decade, and said remake is being released to PC in a spiffed-up HD format. Reason for celebration, right?Right. Except for one small problem, namely: CAPCOM ARE A PACK OF USELESS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S WHO COULD NOT BE ♥♥♥♥ED FIXING THEIR ♥♥♥♥♥♥, BROKEN PORT OF THIS CLASSIC GAME.Yes, it's just a simple HD remaster of a console game released way back in 2002. But Capcom has notoriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥ porting policies, and even ♥♥♥♥♥ier customer relations, which means that they have made little to no attempt to allow this game to run on an absolute shedload of customers' computers. Just look at the reviews and forums if you want proof that I am FAR FROM THE ONLY PERSON TO HAVE THIS PROBLEM. On TWO DIFFERENT LAPTOPS, what's more.You wanna check the specs of the first laptop I attempted to play this on? Toshiba Satellite P70-A. Feel free to Google it. I tried to play this port on that computer, got nothing but lag even once I dialled it down to something silly like 1280 resolution, and after that first attempt it just simply DID NOT START UP AGAIN.This is my brand new laptop: HP Omen W007tx. And guess what? Worked like a charm with all settings maxed! That is, the FIRST time I loaded it up and played through a bit of it. Second time I tried to start 'er up...blank screen, had to reboot my whole computer. Third time...same thing. Un-in-♥♥♥♥ing-stalled, mother-♥♥♥♥er.Now, a quick look at forums and whatnot will illuminate a possible source for this problem: both of these computers have NVIDEA graphics cards, and apparently many people with such cards have had problems with this game. Some forums even suggest fiddling with your NVIDEA settings to ""fix"" the problems. This is all good and well, especially if you know what you're doing when you mess with your graphics card, but the problem is simply this: LOTS OF COMPUTERS HAVE ♥♥♥♥ING NVIDEA CARDS. IT'S ONE OF THE MOST COMMON GRAPHICS CARDS OUT THERE, ESPECIALLY ON HIGHER-END LAPTOPS. What kind of big business fails to take that kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥into account?!This isn't the first review in which I've written words like this, and it probably won't be the last. If your Steam-released game requires someone to be an I.T. expert in order for them to play it, YOU DON'T DESERVE THEIR BUSINESS. If you then go on to mock people in forums and refuse to fix your stupidity, YOU DON'T DESERVE ANYONE'S ♥♥♥♥ING BUSINESS. Sure, I'm gonna eat my words in no time at all by buying (and probably praising) the imminent RE7. But I won't be buying Resident Evil Zero, given that it's another GameCube product recently ported to Steam. And I cannot, in all good conscience, give a positive review to a game which won't work on any computer I try it on, no matter how great that game once was.Congratulations, Capcom, for releasing an even ♥♥♥♥♥ier port of one of your classic games than the RE4 ""remaster"". At least that one managed to START UP every time...Verdict: 0.5/10 (9.5 for the game, minus 9 for the appalling port)."
76561198053540921,Recommended,304240,14308433,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Fatty,"I do recommend this game for anyone who is a Resident Evil fan.For starters, this is the game that started the series, were it not forit's popularity, the series may have never occured.For me the game runs great.(I have seen some issues with others in thier comments).The only bug in the game that is kinda annoying, is the mouse cursorstays on screen unless moved manually to upper right, or lower right corners.I believe (Hope) this will be patched since everyone dislikes it.Great spooky Mansion, Tons to explore if you don't race through the game likea zombie is chasing you or something :-)   I give it a 9 out of 10 rating !"
,Not Recommended,304240,29565076,Posted: 29 January,all,Domaho,"I so wanted to give this 10/10 cause this was 1 of my favorite games of all time, unfortunatly i to got the slow mo bug and the constant Err08 message making the game unplayable for me :("
,Not Recommended,304240,14306013,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Para,only runs in slow mo.
,Recommended,304240,14078336,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TrinaWolfy,"I can't run it as smooth as of yet, at least not until it's better optimized. It ran absolutely slow for me and I have a high-end computer.Even so, the game from what I've seen looks absolutely incredible. I cannot wait to revisit this game after not playing it for 8 years."
76561198145033308,Not Recommended,304240,14165260,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ucancallmemister101,"Stick with the console version... This is a beautiful game but a hot mess on Steam/PC here. Lag, Framerate, crashing, amongst other problems take away a wonderous and nostalgiac experience I was wishing for while awaiting a playable PC port. However, this is not it. DO NOT waste your money on this tragedy... I wouldn't even recommend if it were a free download as the bugs and isues are not worth the time"
,Not Recommended,304240,14137889,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,^1G^2i^3b^4s^5o^6n^7039,I having random heavy slow mo while playing. Looks like I'm not the only one. Capcom need to update soon because it is unplayable.
76561198132135433,Recommended,304240,14110601,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"Gladly bought this, but it is NOT issue free!!!!!!!!!!!! This game has SEVERE frame rate drops if you set this to max settings,my PC is HONESTLY beastly, and it struggles at times. But it's just a minor issue, and so far, the only one. When youperform certain actions, you lag tremendously. Bought this game to beat this CLASSIC game. It is challenging, this is froman era when games were actually hard, not this call of dookie CRAP! Now, can we PLEASE get SILENT HILL REMAKES?PLEASE SHINJI, ANYONE! PLEASE! Silent Hill girl, changed my name to, ""Heather Mason"", middle name is classified.Sorry, forgive me, I am going to wrap this up, I only slept 3 hours, and I have lady things to do, well, just shave.The game is almost flawless, but there IS SPUTTERING. This is the only issue I had. For 19.99, if you are a horror fan,and ignore this. You actually ARE dumb. This is Shinji's TRUE return to horror. Please, Silent Hill 2 and 3 HD, please don'tmess them up this time, I will pay whatever you ask within reason! Best with a controller. Even acheapie."
,Recommended,304240,33037398,Posted: 30 June,all,Cheeseblaster1,i pee pee my pants ;(
76561198232585072,Not Recommended,304240,26315603,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Deets,"This game I have been waiting to play for a long time and now that I do the game often crashes if I take a  screenshot or save a game, I say that if you want to play this game which I advise you do play it on a console."
,Recommended,304240,14078562,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton",game is hard
,Recommended,304240,28460631,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Chwanjj,Good Remaster
76561198049532430,Not Recommended,304240,34024662,Posted: 4 August,all,dodger,"This game doesn't work. Thanks to  Capcom's incredible porting skills, the cutscene audio is out of sync and the game plays in slow motion. I've looked for fixes but nothing works. Steam is selling a broken game. This is ♥♥♥♥ing awful."
76561197988780152,Recommended,304240,25066926,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Gaboon,"In my opinion, this is one of the best zombie, ""anything"" you can buy.  I love the feel of the zombies in this game and I also love the set camera.  This is a 10/10 for me.  Still a very creepy game after all these years and the remake only makes it that much more creepy."
,Not Recommended,304240,14497448,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Black'n'Decker Fanny Wrecker,"Broken Cutscenes. Please fix, I desperately want to give this a postive review."
76561198026367817,Not Recommended,304240,14182867,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Vivaldi,Games runs in slow motion have a high end computer....:(
,Not Recommended,304240,14965109,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,PCConsoleGamer,"To be honest and fair, this is more of a point and click game. I know this has been a huge seller to Gamers, but, Just not my thing. I'm more of a First Person/Third Person kind of Gamer. If this seems negative, it's not meant to sound like it, just wasn't what I was expecting. Thanks for reading."
76561198034978807,Not Recommended,304240,14256346,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,HazeAndFire,Was having a grand old time until I made the gigantic mistake of trying to play this game without connecting to wifi first.  It  created a new profile that overrode my save data!!  Why does this game even need to connect to the internet?!  I'm going to go dig up my gamecube.  Full of fail.
76561197984460154,Not Recommended,304240,14165386,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pope Killdragon,"Completely unplayable in the current state. I have a Gamecube emulator that runs this better than the ""optimized PC port."" Wait for a patch before purchase."
76561198021148423,Not Recommended,304240,14251795,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Law,"I honestly wish I could recommend this game, but in a lot of areas I slow right down from 60 FPS to 1 or 2. I was having a lot of fun with the game right up until it started to slow down. I tried updating my drivers, overclocking my graphics card, and lowering the settings all the way down (which SHOULDN'T be necessary with my card since it can run RE5 and 6 at full settings no problem). This game is an extremely unoptomized port and needs to be fixed. If they release a patch fixing this bug I will change my review. But until then I will continue to tell my friends NOT to buy this game."
76561198118356069,Not Recommended,304240,14174605,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Radd,eh. 5/10
,Not Recommended,304240,14268703,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,originated_life,The game is great but the slow motion bug is in this one as well. Wait for a patch before you buy this game.
76561198202206348,Not Recommended,304240,14304172,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,kylekeyes123,"i pre order this game, im a big fan of residen evil , the  only thing is  wrong is why my  pc runs 9 to 10 fps on gameplay  my pc has core i3, 4 gb rams intel graphics, windows 8.1 . on the reccomendations says OS: Windows® 7 SP1 / Windows® 8.1Processor: Intel® Core™ 2 Quad 2.7 GHz, AMD Phenom™ II X4 3.0 GHz or betterMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 560, ATI Radeon HD 6950, or betterMonitor Resolution: 1280×720 or higherDirectX: Version 9.0cNetwork: Broadband Internet connectionHard Drive: 20 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectSound compatible (must support DirectX 9.0c or higher)Additional Notes: Controller: Supports Keyboard +Mouse. Genuine Xbox 360 PC compatible controller or comparable XInput-based gamepad recommended.Then why runs so bad, most of my game runs la 60 fps :("
,Not Recommended,304240,14195345,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sparkling Grimm,"Not sure if it's my computer or just the game, but it seems to run VERY slowly, and the tracking is off."
76561198066370049,Not Recommended,304240,14168496,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,G_O_O_B_E_R,"This is the first time I have ever written a review.This game has made me so angry that I felt I had to warn would-be purchasers of Resident evil hd remaster. This game needs a patch immediately. I spent half an hour messing with the settings and still nothing has changed. I get everything from voice syncing issues to fps drops. My computer isnt even 2 years old, this game should be a piece of cake to run. It has been made unplayable until Capcom fixes these issues. I know I am not the only one with these ridiculous problems as I've seen many people on the forums complaining that they have the same issues. Do not buy this game until it has been properly fixed."
,Not Recommended,304240,22228936,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Thewjuice,"just no, its like a slo mo game in some parts."
,Not Recommended,304240,14301198,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Voridor,"Poor remastered version. While the characters are stunning in their looks the same can't be said about the background. Some rooms have nice looks, while other are very ugly and old. Gamepad support is lame, and keys can't be configured properly."
76561198019806099,Not Recommended,304240,14344228,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,aaron11892,"The game is in slow motion. I meet the minimum requirements for the game and even on the lowest setting, it still plays in slow motion. And the audio is out of sync. Hugely disappointed as this was one of my favourite games from my childhood."
76561198094031903,Not Recommended,304240,14359666,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ArtieGamer,"I am very dissapointed in this game, in CAPCOM in general. The intro scenes, and opening cutscenes are running in a kind of ""slow mo"" form of lag. the sounds run fine, but the frame rate is extreamly slow. I can't even get past the first cutscene! If i could figure out how to do it on PC, i would imediately return this game for a refund! Plus, I pre-ordered the game, which was supposed to come with extra content separate from the game, never got any of it. I am never buying a CAPCOM title again."
76561197970609018,Not Recommended,304240,16910030,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,eyesuck,Don't waste your money.
76561197972276575,Not Recommended,304240,14301624,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,marclev,"This game seems to be getting very favourable reviews, but ugh you need to know what you're getting into.You do not get to control the view. Every room / area has a static camera and you watch your character moving about from this camera.There is no hint as to what you can and can't pick up.The game offers any resolution, but letterboxes the view on higher resolutions!I died with the first zombie I met because even though wildly swinging my knife at it, nothing happened, and the camera changed view about 5 times because I was crossing back and forth across the area boundary.I gave up at that point, definitely not for me. Feels more like something out of the 80s instead of the 90s, except with a fancy paint job."
76561198052308341,Not Recommended,304240,14577165,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lojkoaleks,"I wasted $20 on a game that has issues that make the game unbearable to play. I literally played until the encounter with the first zombie. The entire game is in slow motion and it makes it unplayable. It actually made me dig out my Nintendo Gamecube so I could play this game. It's sad that the Gamecube version works bette than the PC ""remake""."
,Not Recommended,304240,34801879,Posted: 7 September,all,Erwin Rommel,Game moves like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ handicap person with no legs try to swim a olympic race. The newer Resident Evil game however run pretty smoothly.
,Recommended,304240,14090598,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Thomas the Tank Engine,"This is the remaster the series needed. Great port, no frame drops, and just overall beautiful/dark atmosphere. Really great job CAPCOM, thank you for a fun game that will haunt my nightmares for good time"
76561197979193118,Not Recommended,304240,14280549,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Drewshbag,Screen resolution doesn't go up to 1440p. Looks like sub-par on larger monitors.
,Recommended,304240,14077966,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ottman,Great port so far!!
,Not Recommended,304240,14456729,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,CasultY,jesus christ my fps drops like a rock.I cant play it
,Not Recommended,304240,14599546,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Demeschik,"review theme:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kcF7E69C6QI think all of us have heard of Resident Evil in one way or another, it doesn't really need any introduction. Yeah, the gameplay is solid, the script and acting are cheesy, et cetera. All that has stood the test of time in it's own way. If I was reviewing only the game itself, I would totally give it a thumbs-up.Now that Capcom has finally decided to grace the PC masterrace with a re-release of the REmake (Jesus, that's a lot of RE's), what I'm going to talk about is the port, and it's not good. I have tried my best at outlining the problems in nice, clean bullet-points:Optimization: First of all, it renders at 1440p, regardless of your choice of resolution. VSync uses double-buffering and eats away like 10 FPS. The port goes through loading and computations every time you switch the camera angle instead of pre-caching. 60 FPS mode causes slow-mo even if you're just a couple of frames short.Graphics:  Capcom did a really bad job upscaling the textures - they literally just ran them through a noise removal filter in Photoshop. Some locations look both good and atrocious - the East wing bathroom is a prime example. Others look downright terrible, like the Aqua ring. Character models are good, sure, but they clash hard with those poor textures.Sound: They messed up mastering the OST. It is way too quiet in comparison to voices and effects, you miss out on a key piece of the atmosphere unless you turn up the volume. If your PC can't handle the port, audio will go out of sync, even in cutscenes, or, rather,especiallyin cutscenes. It's going to sound terrible.Proofreading: wtf man its been like thirteen years they still havent fixed spellingmistakes in the sbubtitles..Why am I giving this glorious game a thumbs-down? Only because of the port. I realize that they are not asking full price for it, and I am glad for that. You have to look at all this from a different perspective: with this recent re-release trend Capcom has been trying to thrust into the PC market, making the same mistakes every single time. Looking back at the RE4 re-port, I see the same problems, from sluggish optimization to bad texture upscaling. Until the community fixes Capcom's shortcomings, it's just not worth it.If you are ready to mess around with fan patches, or your hardware can handle it, or you just want to tough it out because it's one of the best RE games ever, then by all means, buy it. My advice is, wait for a sale."
76561198295454848,Not Recommended,304240,34703533,Posted: 2 September,all,nldavis74,Crap controls. Don't waste your money.
76561197995783686,Not Recommended,304240,14183119,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,boreal187,"If you haven't played the original on GameCube and are a fan of pure survival horrors, this game is probably one of the purest and last real ones of that kind.If you did play the GC version and expect a really revamped experience, I presonally wouldn't recommend it. I am one of the people having serious frame rate issues, on a gaming rig that runs far more demanding games.The static backgrounds in my opinion look blurry and overstretched on high resolutions, you are still having to wait 6 seconds in between each room when I thought that the door loadings would have been removed or at least sped up. Going back to the old tank control system is a real trauma, and the new control system is just awkward, with your character constantly snapping to different directions in between screens, without any transition or turning animations to mask it or make it look natural.The PC version doesn't have a good variety of settings for you to customise the graphics and, aside for a new costume for Chris and Jill, so far, I can tell you that absolutely nothing has been added.I am a few hours in and I am wishing I never picked this up as I regarded the GameCube game as one of the most beutiful and immersive game experiences of my childhood. With this port I am feeling like ""was this the game I played??"".I am going to put this aside and stick with the memories."
,Not Recommended,304240,14341375,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,"Imagine as a Special Forces Unit, u have been sent to a mission but can't hold 2 room keys together which eats your 2 slots of inventory.  which makes u a spastic special forces unit. But the excuse of the game is to be an OLDSCHOOL game.- ""yeah Mrbigtime u r  a stupid kid cod fan boy. this is a serious game♥♥♥♥♥you, u moron""Ah yes, a very oldschool game to satisfy ur needs. have fun."
,Not Recommended,304240,22032960,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Zealot,"This game is literal dogshit. A whole lot of run around grabbing a convoluted series of items, trying to avoid inventory restrictions, and bland/boring combat which consists of either running around in circles trying not to get grabbed while you slowly carve a zombie to pieces or using what little bullets you have. The abysmal camera angles make combat an even bigger chore than it oughta be, and I didn't feel particularly tense once I realized the game devolves into closet sized zombie grappling. Worse than that, the only horror I felt was inventory managment and hoping I didn't pick up the wrong thing and screw myself over, since you can't drop items (can put them in chests - but can't drop them on the go, so enjoy backtracking). At its simplest form: You run around a big mansion gathering items, periodically having to fight off a monster or two. Enjoy dying and losing a half hour plus worth of progress due to limited saves and having to run the same household errands over again.I like challenging and deep games, but this is quite the opposite. The updated control scheme, along with a few other quality of life changes do the game well - it's just a shame that the same can't be said for the game as a whole."
,Not Recommended,304240,15761605,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mirror Sabotage,There is a sound synce issue. Not worth playing unless they fix it.
76561198123896913,Not Recommended,304240,16884613,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Emperor Ansem,Do not recommend buying. Game was poorly optimized for PC so it's hit or miss whether it runs good on your system or extremely slow. Did not have this issue with RE: Revelations. If Capcom ever fixes this i would recommend.
76561198085319492,Not Recommended,304240,29169019,Posted: 10 January,all,rfbmwfan7,"game is stuck in slow motion. my system specs are more than enuff to run this game. even tweeked gpu setings, and still will not play.  cant beleve capcom could make such a bad port for this game.  i would recomend it to anyone running a desktop but will not run on almost any laptop."
76561197970953842,Not Recommended,304240,14335619,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,xarchon,"Dont believe the the HYPE that this game got.This is CRAP and when you play games like Farcry4 and Dying Light and  Alien and the Assins Creed Series and Dradon Age Inquisiton it makes you realise that a good game is what it is and Residident Evil is just a game that is not only up to date inall aspsects but is is back about 10 years ago.If they would have done it in FPS which is how you are looking at it ,it might have survived  but with the CRAP controls and ASPEC Ratio then they are just looking for MONEY for NOTHING  (who sang that)  DON'T  BUY IT!"
76561197992351513,Not Recommended,304240,14563297,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Gursen Braslald,You are constantly battling the user interface.  Any fun to be had with this game is overshadowed by the frustrating UI.
,Not Recommended,304240,14139251,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,mistab1983,"Expected this game to just run ok on my laptop, but the game goes into slow motion after the first movie."
,Not Recommended,304240,24640523,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hound (Dat Rick Guy),"A poor port.  Despite meeting the minimum requirements of the game, I like many others are unable to run it without significant frame rate issues.  Until Capcom attempts to fix the issues with this game, I recommend that you do what you can to avoid it."
76561198036124867,Not Recommended,304240,16245965,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jmyers,"The Resident Evil for PC series must have the worst game engine out there. My computer can play far cry 3 and 4, Witcher 2, all the Crysis games, Splinter Cell Blacklist, the Fear games, and on and on the list goes. All of those games are newer, larger and much more complicated, open-world games than any of the Resident Evil games, and yet I am virtually unable to play this mess of a game. I have the game on the lowest settings possible (tiny window with max pixelation) and yet the characters still move in slow motion (though they speed up a little bit as I lower the settings from best to worst). It's ridiculous and unneccessary. It's not actually true of all the Resident Evil games, as I can play RE 5 fine, but RE 4 and this one are impossible. Unless you have the newest machine with the exact right video card, I cannot recommend this game; beware. And Resident Evil developers . . . get with the program, please!"
76561198051270376,Not Recommended,304240,15889083,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jonzych,"I was looking forward to this for awhile and waited to pick it up on sale. Now I am a big fan of the original on ps1, so i figured this would be awesome.pros- feels just like the original both atmosphere and control wise ( this may be a con for those with issues with the original)- great graphics for a remaster- tons of fun enemies to killcons- original voice acting still being used= very corny at times- original camera angle/control issue ( sad that if you take a tight corner and don't drastically change your direction your character can do a 180 ( not a huge issue for me but i would have that they would try to alleviate this problem)- crashes often ( i have tried running this several different ways, only to think i fixed it and have the game crash an hour into a no save play through :( )love this title but i would be fuming if i purchased it at full price, if they can patch the crashing issues i will recommend it but till then you may want to pass on this classic."
76561198058986934,Not Recommended,304240,14769764,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,VIsix6,"I love the game and how scary it is BUT i refuse to recommend something with a constent slow mo and  audio desync. Hell id rather watch Higurashi, at least id get horrer without those problems."
,Not Recommended,304240,14702300,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RadianceRenegade,"I'm saying this as fan and huge supporter of Capcom and the Resident Evil series since I could speak, this is disappointing... I had been overwhelmed with the promise that this release was going to make the horror and gameplay even more exciting. I guess the horror was that I get to play and watch the entire game in choppy slow motion. The out of sync audio and subtitles in game and cutscenes from start to finish is more torture than being scared to death, it is unbearable. Even after adjusting the settings to their lowest and and attempting to update my drivers it did not improve the least bit. This is depressing and I shouldn't have to give my favorite series a low rating, but, until Capcom wakes up and realizes this is a serious problem with several other fans and players, it's going to stay at a low rating. I do not recommend getting this at it's current state unless you're unrealistically patient and can handle playing snail in a mansion."
,Not Recommended,304240,14180793,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,LaFemmeNuit69,"How can i change the settings,its really slow motion and the audio delayed aswell... so bad :("
76561198095697840,Not Recommended,304240,17538439,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,MiMii,why my resident evil is to much delay and its very laggy how can i fix this
76561198157768965,Not Recommended,304240,15855002,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,King_Isard_of_Io,"I don't hate the game play itself, in fact I could barely play it.For starters, it took 2 days to install because of crappy internet connection. Then I started the game and the opening cut scene was slow and the audio was off sync ( I have more than enough RAM to run the game). When I get to the game play, everything seems like in slow motion. It takes forever to move and forever to examine anything. So after two attempts in trying to play the game, I write this review. Though I do have a Laptop, I am still disappointed in the game's performence. Until I can get a good gaming Pc, this review will have to stay. This may be a great game, I won't know unfortunatlly."
76561198054828520,Not Recommended,304240,17413978,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ives,Full of bugs but not a single patch or update has been released.
76561198205018444,Not Recommended,304240,14707813,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,froggy,"Too small inventory.  Unable to dispose item ( if your bag is full,  you cannot pick up ammo even when your mag' is empty). I cannot understand why this game has so many compliments. 20$ is too much for this game."
,Not Recommended,304240,15994460,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,I Major Dave I,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It has a major bug that makes it unplayable for all but the most inhuman gamer. Basically it runs in slow-mo... everything that happens onscreen from walking around to dialogue and cut-scenes, is either at a snails pace or happens after the fact. No fixes, no engagement from Capcom."
,Not Recommended,304240,14874823,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,fleety21,"Ahhh Capcom. You lovers of corrupt scandals of never ending stupidity, I mean...DLC locked content on Disc? Haha, oooooh Capcom you stupid, stupid company and - *Sniff*, oh- ooooooh I smell more♥♥♥♥♥♥coming my way now, Capcom you did it again didn't you? Bad boy! Shame on you!Now I'm not crazy, but I see a lot of reviews on this site from alllllll sorts of people. Praising the game to hell. 'IT'S AMAZING', to quote, 'THE BEST RESIDENT EVIL GAME EVAAAARRR!!X!', to quote another. But when you guys are reading through these reviews (if you do, I'm not sure), and you see all those lovely blue thumbs up, does it ever occur that maybe its too good to be true? Well as I found out, that old phrase is still around for a reason.Before I go into the meat of things I will start off by saying this. THIS IS BASED OFF THE LAPTOP!! I know that high end desktop users haven't had any problems and I know that. You guys found the game great, and that's good. Cudos to you, have a muffin on me. But I want to bring attention to a more important issue...or issues.1* The game does not work for laptops, period. Even if your laptop is the bees knees of the bees knees, chances are high that you will run into a very common problem, extreamly low game speeds and lagging issues. This was an issue from day 1, and still is to most people (you have my sympathies). Now despite messing around with system settings and laptop settings for hours and hours on end, they made no difference at all. Now oddly enough when I tested on the desktop it improved but only by so much.Now you may be saying to me, - ""OI SO WAT, U USED PC SO Y U BASHNG BOUT TEH GAME? RESI EVIL IS PERFECT,UR A NOB""That's because not eveyone has a desktop PC, but a lot of people do have high end laptops that avery capable of playing these games. So my issue is, why does Capcom feel the need to port a game soley for desktop gamers?? Why no love for laptops?? I think partly the reason could be due to budget constraints, or just simply a lack of competence from Capcom's support....which very neatly leads me on to point number 2.2* WHERE'S THE DAMN CUSTOMER SUPPORT?! Well quite simply there isn't any. Months down the line and not one word from Capcom about patches, or bug fixes. After months of torture and wasted money however, we were finally given the light. The word from Capcom, the almighty sign of change!!! An image of the mansion.........wut?You mean, the first thing we hear from Capcom after months of silence about the port, about all the bugs, the lag, the frustration....and all we get is a shi**y picture???You know, there is a joke somewhere about guy who buys a Capcom game, and suddenly the joke isn't funny anymore.And that's the experience that I'm left with in the end, that this was a joke. Don't get me wrong, the game is great, fantastic and is one of the best resident evil games out there, if not THE best.But seriously, the amount of trouble I went to get this game working, and the lack of support there is for the wider gamer community out there, just leaves me with a sour taste. It shouldn't be this convoluted just to play a game in my little spare time. And that's why I don't recommend this game, not because its a bad game, but because it is from a very bad developer. Buyer beware in deed."
76561198147772112,Not Recommended,304240,14221574,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hitchman,"Unfortunatly it's unplayable, the game is slow as anything, it's totally slowmotion, shame really because I love this game but this PC port is not good, I have a new PC and even with the settings at the lowest it still runs bad. Save your money. 2/10"
76561198131799380,Not Recommended,304240,14454145,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jrbrown27,okay so anybody who says this game is good is obviously lost in his childhood by todays standards this game is dated and the constant switching of views is annoying I will never trust any posts about games anymore not worth anymore than $5 what a shame
76561198053844197,Not Recommended,304240,14149204,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,who ha 32,game has a bug in it game geos in slow motion shame on you capcom
,Not Recommended,304240,14121718,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kōshaku,You move so slow in this game AND for some reason the entire game runs extremely SLOW. Even in cut scenes your characters lips move like 5 seconds after they talk! This needs to be fixed immediately! Its unacceptable especially from Capcom. 1/10
76561198032680458,Not Recommended,304240,14104964,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Fkingluvpizza,"I love the Resident Evil series, and I have almost all of them.  I know that the first Resident Evil game does not run on slow motion.  There is no way a comuter that runs Battlefield 4 and Total War: Rome 2 can't run a simple 3D game with improved graphics."
,Not Recommended,304240,14651325,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,gelionhelix,"Sadly as many others have already mentioned this game is NOT readily compatible with certain systems, the stickied thread that capcom themselves posted received tons of comments identical to mine. I've tried endless setting adjustments and it's still in slow motion after entering the mansion. Completely unplayable.I'm using a new, high-spec computer, so I know it's not my computer that's at fault.. Sort it out Capcom! Total rip off of my sixteen quid, I'm tight with my money and this was a slap in the face to me and no doubt many others who've had their money plucked from them for a game that doesn't even run properly, it's been months and yet still no kind of official fix or patch.."
,Not Recommended,304240,14314868,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,NinesThousand,"UPDATE: Its been 5 months scince the release of this port. I have gotten a newer and better computer upgrading from my already high end one to an even better one. I came back to see if the problem was patched or fixed. I can tell that in some ways it is slightly faster but still quite choppy even on this computer. Seriously what the hell? I even tried some of the suggestions from the community having to do with changing graphics cards settings and it still didn't work.Also I find it rather comical that the other reviews warning people about this issue are rated as less helpful when some of the highest rated reviews are one liners with little to no sustanance or merit in their reviews. I really don't get it. Seriously, I'm a fanboy of Resident Evil myself and I LOVE the franchise to death but this port needs alot of work and clearly isn't optimized well if at all for PCs.This is simply a warning to people thinking of spending money on this. It didn't and never worked for me personally and other people no matter what I did. Take it or leave it but knowing that they did not yet fix this properly with a simple patch after all this time has made me lose respect in them and I will rethink purchasing games from Capcom on here in the future. As for this game, it's completely unplayable for me and I will be requesting a refund.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Resident Evil HD is a fantastic game unfortunately this PC port is not. After trying to play it off my high end gaming laptop all night at a friends I couldn't get it to run properly and there was horrible stuttering and lag even in the cinematics. I played around with the options and even setting it to the lowest possible configurations I could get it still would not run properly. I tried playing it on my desktop PC later and had the exact same issues even on the lowest settings.I googled the issues and apparently alot of people are having this problem even users with high end PCs like mine. With all this I simply cannot reccomend this port until perhaps a patch comes out fixing these problems. Pretty much every other game in my library runs fine but this one. The game is completely unplayable for me and I would say DO not buy this port until they patch it."
76561198159653313,Not Recommended,304240,29744495,Posted: 6 February,all,aajmscott,Slowmo bug. Turned everything to minimum. My computer should be able to handle this game. No real support or patch from Capcom.
76561198024369797,Not Recommended,304240,14149372,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fever252,"One of the few times I preordered a game, my mistake I guess.A game from Capcom, the EA of Japan, my second mistake. Never again.Here's why: horrible, really horrible optimization.One time, I changed for lower settings, and I got lower FPS! That made me laugh, which is not what I expect from RE. This is how bad this port is.And when you check the textures and shadows, well it's far from a 20$-2002-game optimization.Of course now there will be patches. But I started playing, and I stopped very quickly. I was really upset.From now on, I'll get ported games on PS4. You know you ""only"" get 30 FPS, which is fine for RE, but I don't have to wait for one or several updates to get the experience. And right now, my only experience is frustration.Therefore, I do not recommend this game on Steam/PC."
76561198165544353,Not Recommended,304240,14117666,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,omegam31,until they pach this game i cant review it.....
76561198047247489,Not Recommended,304240,20194194,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Regina Guendolina VII,"Low fps no matter what I try, my specs surpass this with ease, no updates from capcom, steam removes the thread with the fix.10/10 would refund if I could."
,Recommended,304240,14090433,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Grenadeh,"Don't be fooled by the hype.Yes, the game has better graphics than the Wii and GC versions. Barely. While some of the bullshots may have looked good, guess what - they weren't real.In the first half hour you can see upon a few seconds study how every texture and model in the game seeps with 13 year old ""quality"". This is most definitely just a touch up. It's not a bad touch up - and it's the best looking version you're going to find anywhere - but make no mistake, it's a touch up. The only true additions are the new control scheme and the enhanced lighting. Other than that, you can see the rigid low poly models like Jills hat and shoulder guards, Barry's solid metal vest, Barry's HORRIBLE looking magnum for one thing...it's just silly. Obviously they weren't going to go back and re-remake it again, but come on. I've worked with the original GC models, ripped from the game, and these don't look very much better.Other than that...boob physics, and achievements. Same great retcon-full story that all of these Steam ""reviewers"" are accrediting the success of Resident Evil and survival horror in general to, ignoring the fact that when REmake came out, the survival horror genre was actually finished, and has been dead ever since with very few exceptions. If you don't believe me, well, then that doesn't affect you because you didn't actuall play RE since day 1 to know the original story.Buy it but do it for 14.99 and not 20. I myself bought it and a copy for a friend, believing all the rave reviews, and wish I hadn't waited an extra couple of hours and missed the discounts."
76561198071170937,Not Recommended,304240,14105036,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mental Zombie,"I loved this game as a child, but theres some seriouse issues keeping me from playing. the cutscenes as well as everything in game move very slow compared to the audio. Try as I might and turning down all the graphics did not save it."
,Not Recommended,304240,22017898,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,troy4u,"This is not a game for everyone. I always wanted to dive back into the first Resident Evil since I enjoyed part 4 and 5 so much but this is just not the game for me. Here's why:1. The awkward controls makes the game feel like you are playing in slow mo2. The way the camera works makes the screen jump from scene to scene and is jarring3. I get this is a ""survival"" game but the need to use some stupid ribbon to save is just annoyingI ended up returning this game cause there's just better games for my time."
76561198043728145,Not Recommended,304240,16326091,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Nolan,The game is very buggy and the price i got it for was a waste of money it was so buggy and incredibly glitchy that it crashed everytime i used it even with the support and reinstalling
76561198257233036,Not Recommended,304240,19463208,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Uzzi413,this game is slow i dont what it no more my pc cant run it at normal speed :(
76561198258048621,Not Recommended,304240,20275554,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bambanghimawan,"NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALLI know the gameplay is great and the graphic is awesome, yet all of them mean nothing when everytime I play the game, it runs in super slow-motion. My laptop's specs is AMD A10 5750M 2.5Ghz, RADEON HD 8670 2GB, 4GB RAM. Even TOMB RAIDER can be played smoothly on my laptop.When I searched this matter on the internet, I found lots of gamers experienced the same issue. Just don't buy this game for PC, play it on your PS4 console instead."
76561198254912131,Not Recommended,304240,25182430,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,trainer_deijs,"Runs like glitter glue down a carpet wall. Pretty to look at, but slow as a proper curse word. You're better off sticking to the GameCube version. Same can be said for RE0. Just don't bother. Honestly, Steam should be appauled that their selling such garbage."
,Not Recommended,304240,14319588,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,atom0s,"While this game does bring back a great game play time, story, and memories.. this game shows how poorly a port can be done from a console to PC. CAPCOM seems to have released this game with little testing done as there are some pretty stupid issues between the FPS problems to the control mapping limitations. The game looks great but runs fairly horrible regardless if your system meets the requirements. (Some extra work done can help bring performance up, but the ""slow-mo"" problem this game has is very wide-spread.)I would not recommend buying this until CAPCOM releases a patch to make the game run better."
76561197979650023,Not Recommended,304240,19570862,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,lucifer78b,"no 1440p  or 4k support , no optionns for the graphics i have to play this game ith black bars on the sides =( WTF CAPCOM you suck"
76561198190158759,Not Recommended,304240,21024175,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lakkiiz,"i found problem when i launch gamescreen black and pop up message ""D3DERR_DEVICELOST.....how can i fix it?"
76561198257736382,Not Recommended,304240,19078377,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,robbo719802,can't use this game lags and slow. i am running amd radeon quad core 8gb ram windows 10 and it runs like crap. what a waste of £15 quid
,Not Recommended,304240,17896499,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Catinthebrain,"The doors aren't as creeky as the original console version; the upgraded graphics aren't as good as i'd hoped they would be.Overall, i'm not that impressed with this updated PC port, definately would be more enjoyable using a gamepad.If you loved the original, from playstation 1 days, then i'd advise pick it up when it's on sale.They did change stuff in it, the intro is longer. But controls are definately made for gamepad. Surprised they didn't upgrade the controls for the upgraded HD pack, to make it more enjoyable on pc.If its on sale, and you loved the first one i recommend it otherwise pass it. There are better survival horror games these days."
76561197966087021,Not Recommended,304240,18898278,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,∞ Climax,"Resident Evil is an amazing series. If you know Resident Evil... thenThis game is amazing. Great visuals, atmosphere...But here's the thing. Controls. No, the new scheme IS GREAT. It's setting up the game.Capcom has so poorly optimized their Resident Evil games for PC that it's clear that there is no need for them to do much more than throw an emulated game on and not fix bugs.The game comes out riddled with bugs - such as having to COMPLETELY remove OR disable software that enables use of a controller in order to CHANGE your control schemeDoes that sound bad?  It sure does.Great game. Terrific video game.Bad for the only thing that enables you to do anything. Get the game though - just get rid of motionjoy and other software to get USB controllers working if you want to use keyboard."
76561197974181504,Not Recommended,304240,18496216,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr.Pinkshoes,Tried to like it....just couldn't do it.
,Not Recommended,304240,18862012,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,SCORPION2000,"Great Classic i love good old Resident Evil BUT! this ""HD"" edition sucks! this is NO HD graphics nor is i really an remastered game! NOT worth it even on a sale!"
76561198083998216,Not Recommended,304240,17298630,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Samurai Bill,I mean its a great game but it runs too slow than my audio and i cant play it cause of how slow it is. So i dont recommend this game unless you have a very good computer
76561197992453705,Not Recommended,304240,14204283,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,"As many might have guessed, the controls haven't been ported to PC correctly. Then again you could just use a gamepad but then why wouldn't you just buy PS1 + RE1 and play it since the GFX aren't that good either. If you love Resident Evil, pay maybe $5 for it."
76561198130735805,Not Recommended,304240,14203147,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Oddball,"Probably great for the nostalgic. Personally, I bought this game thinking it was something much different. Knowing the story, but nothing of the Resident Evil games, I thought this would be a good start. It's just not my type of game. This game has a great feel and I probably could get into it, but having to locate the typewriter just to save ones progress added a lot of frustration in the very short amount of time I played. Probably better with a controller than a mouse and keyboard."
76561197967770939,Not Recommended,304240,19516114,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,FalloutSiren,Absolutely terrible port. Runs like its in slow motion even with good specs. Audio and video are not synced.
,Not Recommended,304240,16903893,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Make America White Again,"If you loved the original Resident Evil (Director's Cut) game like I did... or even liked it, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!I bought it thinking that it would be nostalgic from my days of sitting in my room for hours on end killing zombies, solving puzzles and being scared sh*tless.But... this is the sh*tty remake of the sh*tty remake (yes, a remake of a remake) from 2002 on the Gamecube where they unnecessarily added things and just made the game terrible.This game is really not much at all like the original. They added the stupid crimson head (or whatever they are called) zombies, they made it seem like you're in Baywatch running through shoulder deep water (meaning you are slow as hell to do ANYTHING, even turn around), the voice acting is atrocious (it was bad the first time around, but it was at least funny bad (don't. OPEN. that. DOOR!)), the lip movement does not sync up with the spoken words at all (there is about a three second delay), and so on, and so on. Really, I got about 20 minutes in and I'm really regretting wasting money on this piece of crap of a ""game"". Seriously, do NOT buy this.1/10.*Edit: Shooting a zombie in the head four times doesn't kill it for some reason. I would like to write a few more negative reviews for this game, but unfortunately I believe you can only write one.Raising your weapon and actually firing at the zombie takes about 25 fu*king seconds. By that time, it's already on you and you can do nothing about it.Oh, wait, with the crappy system they added where you have a defensive weapon I supposed you can shove a dagger in their head after they bite you once, if you can find daggers. That system is stupid, too. As I recall, in the original game you could push the zombie off of you. In this game, you must endure a few bites before you can.*Edit: Seriously, this game is sh*t. Even with specs way better than needed, running at 60 FPS on High Performance, it's like you are syrup floating uphill in winter. The lag is ridiculous and I'm not the only one having this issue. The devs need to fix this sh*t, now."
,Not Recommended,304240,28647162,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hikari.ws,"The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥thing won't work. On my PC it just doesn't save, when trying it reports ""Failed to save data"". When I enter the game and to to typewriter, it fails to save and close the game, with no option, wasting all the advancement I could have done!I tried verifying integrity of the game, uninstalling and reinstalling, deleting AppData's folder, running as admin. It's always able to create new files after I delete them, but never able to save in-game.I tried to run it inside my vmware VM, and saving worked. But the game was damn very slow. When tried again, it just started crashing after first cutscene.This game is a complete garbage. Try other means to play it."
,Not Recommended,304240,14107340,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Dr. Loggins,"Here is the deal. I have installed this game, removed and re-installed it, toyed with the settings, and no matter what the game lags and my audio/video is off sync and I have a BRAND NEW laptop.Unless this is fixed, I would NOT recommend getting this game."
76561198091035130,Not Recommended,304240,14117676,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Treykhetheslayer,I was realy wanting to play this game but there was a voice delay and game was playing slowly. I wish i could get my money back but thats not gonna happen. I heard this game was fun but i will never know. (leik if u crie evry time)
76561197960346510,Not Recommended,304240,17564816,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TheCinC,"I just bought this game, after having it on my wishlist ever since it came out, but after playing it for less than half an hour, for the first time ever, I applied for a refund. This game, unlike any other RPG or FPS I have ever played, uses fixed camera angles all the time. There is no first person or third person view. You can't even properly use the mouse, even though the mouse cursor is visible. So your character walks around facing you or facing to the left or right, but you can't see what it sees. You get a cutscene of it encountering some kind of disgusting creature, then you get control of your character back, however, the character is looking to the right and the attacking creature is, from your point of view, hidden by a wall. Good luck trying to hit it. Even if you can't see it, you can't aim for its head or torso. Even simple tasks like checking a door or inspecting an item are made hard, as you can't properly judge where your character is pointing.Another thing that bothered me, in the little time that I spent playing it, was that the cutscenes show my character looking completely different, they show the default character instead of the one I actually selected. Sloppy. Was it that hard to re-render the cutscenes, even using the in-game resources? Then why bother with the new look at all?I'm sure it is a great game, it must be a classic for a reason. But if, like me, you are probably unable to adapt to this kind of playstyle without completely losing any feeling of immersion, then this game is not for you. Too bad they didn't make the effort of turning this into a proper remake instead of just updating the graphics of a console game from 2002. The graphics sure look pretty though."
76561198025160466,Not Recommended,304240,22532813,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[ChocolaTeam] Khasstou,"Can't play to this ♥♥♥♥ING game since ♥♥♥♥ING windows 10.Game lunch, ♥♥♥♥ING capcom logo apears, then NOTHING ! NO-THING ! N-O-T-H-I-N-G !!!!!!I read all ♥♥♥♥ING pages of world's ♥♥♥♥ING internet, tried everything...I'm fed up of ♥♥♥♥ING HD REMASTER who ♥♥♥♥ING doesn't work anymore when there is a ♥♥♥♥ING update of ♥♥♥♥ING windows."
,Not Recommended,304240,34873676,Posted: 10 September,all,Funa,"For some reason, my keyboard does not respond at all in this game, I'm not sure if anybody else got that problem, but I got it and if it's happening it should mean the PC port is not that good and that's why I'm giving a bad review, I'm not saying the game is bad, it's probably very good, I just can't play it"
76561198004022855,Not Recommended,304240,35233206,Posted: 26 September,all,maldorf,"Unless you want to play for nostalgia I dont see a good reason to play this game. I put many hours into this when it first came out and loved it. In fact this game is why I bought the Playstation. Today though this game is very dated and this remaster really isnt much different at all.I tried playing for a few hours but got sick of the bad camera angles and scarecity of saves. My main complaint is the bad control of the character and the very bad camera angles. Sometimes you find yourself shooting at a target that you cant even see because it is off camera. Same as it was way back when, but back then it seemed state of the art.The environment is fairly low resolution and cant be raised much. It is the characters and other animated objects that are HD. The rooms you are in are pre rendered and you cant crank those up. No ultra widescreen support, but I wasnt expecting that anyhow."
,Not Recommended,304240,16337711,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lt. General Longstreet,"Horrid voice acting, would not be bad if they fixed the camera, it's like a monkey♥♥♥♥♥♥and then through it the developers and they said ""this is good!""6/10"
76561198050211039,Not Recommended,304240,14136137,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,nicollous357,game will not load past the opening 'capcom' image... black screen and aparently capcom dont want to fix any of the multiple problems arrising with this game. would not reccomend
76561198009029513,Not Recommended,304240,14137398,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[BDM]Fon1X,"I want to like this remaster. I keep getting game crashes with ERR808: out of memory. I'm not out of system or video memory. Bug in program please fix. Core i 920, GTX 780 ti. Fix and will update review."
76561197999102269,Not Recommended,304240,31632514,Posted: 8 May,all,Akrep,"It is nice and all, good graphics, remake of a nostalgic piece...But I have seen that the nostalgic RE gameplay is no longer for me.It is so slow paced (which is completely normal since this was originally a game of '96 as far as I remember).And the only issue with the game was that I could see my Windows cursor on the screen all the time.Other than that no problems.I am giving a negative review because it felt so static and very slow paced (being a remake of old game that is).Modern game players may find themselves disappointed with this title.But if you think this is your thing or you want to live the nostalgia of it, go ahead and give it a try."
76561198064765670,Not Recommended,304240,14095590,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,joshua.bradbury,UPDATE! PEOPLE HAVING PROBLEMS PLEASE READ!My previous review is still below. Basically for whatever reason my computer decides not to use my graphics card when playing the game. \using NVidea control panel I was able to force it to do so which has then resolved the slow down (excpet for the beginning of the opening cinematic). Hopefully other people will manage similar success!Just puchased this game and for no apparent reason it runs at half the speed it should. The graphical settings have zero impact on this happening and the audio behind runs perfect. Its just all the 3D animations. This can only be the result of poor optimisation for the PC and upsets me to no end. I do not reccomend purchasing this game till Capcom has issued a patch. 0/10 for being unplayable!
,Not Recommended,304240,14123358,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Blakey48,"the game plays in slow motion on my pc for some reason, i tryed fiddling with the graphics options in the game, but no inprovment, still plays in slow motion, only that needs fixing and it would be a great game. Can some one help me please?"
76561197971350553,Not Recommended,304240,14099579,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wotisgoingon,"I am a huge fan of the REsident evil franchise and have enjoyed playing since ps1 and have played on all formats .I was looking forward to this game so much for nostalgia reasons and have just got home from work to find it runs in slow motion mode , my laptop is well over the recomended requirements and plays everything else fine but not this why............................. ?????.Please dont buy yet hopefully they will release a patch or something because as a lot of other people have stated ""its currently unplayable "" and certainly no enjoyment.Had my pants pulled down yet again thanks CApcom and thanks Steam !!"
,Not Recommended,304240,33297689,Posted: 5 July,all,Sustainna,They changed the only line of dialogue this game was good for.10/10 would mistranslate again.
76561198081501253,Not Recommended,304240,14121884,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JonSnow,why so lag one ?msi ge70 apchegtx 860m
76561197990939198,Not Recommended,304240,25425150,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Freebird,"Unplayable. Capcom needs to patch it asap.If you buy it and don't have the commom low fps and slowmotion problems, then you'll probably enjoy it. Or else just ask for a refund, like i did."
76561198162604814,Not Recommended,304240,14133532,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,wpgann,What a waste of time and money!!!!!
,Not Recommended,304240,14224332,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,HazelS,"1: Take the GC version and scale the textures up2: apply an ugly filter to make it look smooth3: Call it ""HD Remaster""4: ???5: ProfitYour usual mediocre cashgrab"
76561198079260022,Not Recommended,304240,14097414,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,FinSaku,best slow motion game evr <4
,Not Recommended,304240,16234828,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,"John Nada, sans bubblegum","Sorry, but this _NOT_ an xbox game. This is, and always will be, a Playstation game. It's completely anathema to try to play this with M$'s piece of junk controller (and I sure as hell ain't gonna buy one for it). Whoever decided to code the controls for an xbox controller instead of a PS-style one should hang himself in shame.I literally cannot express in words the incredulity I feel over this absurd, indefensible decision. Unacceptable. Unbelievable. Ridiculous."
76561198121136598,Not Recommended,304240,14495101,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Talon,♥♥♥♥ you Capcom
,Not Recommended,304240,28200282,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LordShadowNWolf | kickback.com,"1st I open the game set it up to fullscreen and try it out (because i needed to go) and works fine... then after a long night  on college, i said... im going to play the great remaster of a game i love and played years ago in FULL HD... but then problem starts... game have a black scree n and after 2 days looking on the internet... i could fix it, then 2nd i have fps drop like HIGH FPS DROPS... LIKE THE GAME WAS IN SLOW MOTION... then looking again i see how to fix it... 3rd but now i dont have fps drops... i have fps overload!!! the games goes a little a bit fast... also notice the Capcom Costumer Service have a threat on the forums to ''solve problems'' on the game... and by the community post they have the same problems as me since at least jan 20 2015... and capcom havent fix with a patch tose... then they said to stop calling them CRAPCOM"
,Not Recommended,304240,26619293,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,feudaler,I thought its a remake of the real classic and first appearance in 1996.But this came is the HD Version of 2002 which is by the design completely different and also the dialogs are changed.For me as original resident evil player the 2002 and this remake lost its fascination. Its very dark and I liked the kind of trashy graphics. Menues also look different but not better. wasted my money. I wish back 1996 lol
,Not Recommended,304240,14134658,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chip,"Auto aim is gay and there is no way to turn it off, the camera views are annoying, and every door is a loading screen."
,Not Recommended,304240,14429983,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kuehnau,"I really hate to do this, because frankly, this game, the first one, was one of the BEST Resident Evil games. All other games after it kind of fell away from what made this one such a good game.If you have never played Resident Evil, or the Gamecube Remakes, then you should pick it up, no questions asked. But for people who have already played this game and played the Gamecube Remakes, you are going to be unhappy with what you get. It's pretty much the same thing. The game suffers from all of the same problems it had in the past and is really more of a emulated version of the game then anything else.I don't know WHY I thought this was going to be a remake instead of a remastery, but the reality is, the first Resident Evil game suffered from some pretty big problems, like lack of a real aiming system, the controls and the wonky camera angles that refused to actually allow you to see your enviroment.This would have been a thousand times better if it had been remade, even using the Resident Evil 4 engine, but as it is, I feel stupid for even buying this game."
,Not Recommended,304240,14118308,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TSA.Roadkill,"Nice graphics but that is about it.   Would make a good movie, but simply terrible as a game.   Worst Steam purchase I've made since Nether."
76561198050627124,Not Recommended,304240,14092738,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shibuya,"cutscenes are laggy, gameplay is in slowmotion, until these are fixed it will stay in the negative."
76561198025482128,Not Recommended,304240,21863606,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Marco,Horrrible! Horrible! Impossible to play. Did I really spent money for this horrible game?
76561198165305244,Not Recommended,304240,14092461,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,UncleReyRey,why is the game going on slow motion for me? i dont think im the only one having this problem.. i have a pretty good laptop ive played resident evil 4 perfectly fine: no problems. i just hope this gets fixed somehow. i really wanna get to play this childhood game of mine
,Not Recommended,304240,14140139,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HãppyCãt,"1st time user and controls are horrible in this game, i wish i knew this before i bought this pos game. $20 down the drain. if i could get a refund i would. i might aswell dispute the charge with my bank to get the money back.. not what i was expecting this to be like on the pc,..."
76561197970944641,Not Recommended,304240,14142408,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Old Fart,crap
,Not Recommended,304240,14238442,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,envoy23,"if this game is hd and remastered then omg the old one must have been♥♥♥♥♥♥ because this one is unplayable if you are use to playing decent games  using a controller,  here you cant aim, you move like a tank, no press x to open, you just have to guess you are close enough to open, the list goes on and on, dont buy this game, even in the 1990's this game would be classed as♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have played re6 and it was good, but this one and re4 hd are♥♥♥♥♥♥in moving and aiming areas, it was a huge suprise to me because steam claimed full controller support pfffffff they should have a patch to disable controller and let us use xpadder so we can move freely. but still it would suck if you expect to aim at your targetshame on makers and shame on steam for selling this♥♥♥♥♥♥in 2015, maybe 20 years ago people would accept this standard but not now"
,Not Recommended,304240,24959251,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Curly,"Can't review the game/plot itself, since I could not play this because of the awful port/slow motion bug. Was really excited to pick this up on sale but honestly it's a waste of money. Will have to resort to playing this on some other platform, because until Capcom fixes the bugs the PC port is completely unplayable."
76561198201782547,Not Recommended,304240,29598796,Posted: 30 January,all,jazzykmreed,"It is super lagy on my computer. The talking does not line up with the videos. I just thought that it was my computer but I ahve a new one now and im still experincing the same thing. Due to the lag the game play is slow as well. I reccomend you saving your money, and i'll stick to playing resident evil on Playstation."
76561198129285639,Not Recommended,304240,14092494,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Zach Bell,"Incredibly disappointed. The game looked really good, but it has far too many graphical issues. I am running on low settings, with nothing else running, on a high end computer, on low resolution, and I have tremendous issues hitting even 15 frames. I literally cannot even play yet."
76561198043230363,Not Recommended,304240,14096449,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gin6erFury,"I am a huge fan of the Resident Evil series but I was having trouble with this game at the start. I have a brand new Asus gaming laptop and my character was moving very slugishly, the scenes where slow and not matching the dialog. maybe it was from preloading it before it came out. I am currently reinstalling the game and hope that fixes it. i also tried lowering the graphics and still had the same results. If i can play games like skyrim and borderlands 2 with no problems this game should have no problems running either. for now till it gets fixed i'm rating it as a no go, I can't to play this game so i hope it  starts working the way it's supposed to."
76561198013675423,Not Recommended,304240,23609707,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Antonio,"The original ""Resident Evil Director's Cut"" was the first video game I ever played.  Over the last 20 years, this game has always been one of my favorite series.  I do have some issues with this game.  It remains true to the original game.  Some of you may like that.  I'm sure most of you do.  As time has passed, many of the game's functions seem archaic.  The save system, storage managment, fixed camera angles all make this a difficut game to play in 2016.  If what you're looking for is a true graphical update that still plays like the original, then look no further.  If you're looking for a game that plays like something made in the last decade, pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,304240,14156772,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,OvenBaked,"I regret buying this. I didn't know it was a game from 2002. It's clunky, slow, and I hate the way the camera is fixed... it's just not for me. Can't understand all the positive reviews. Note to self: ""mostly positive"" reviews doesn't mean the game is good."
76561197997517952,Recommended,304240,14077759,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Super Madbro 64,Itchy.  Tasty.
,Not Recommended,304240,14089616,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BIG-BAD-BEAR,"I have a computer which actually passes the reccomended guidelines to play the game but yet the framerate is terrible on it,its just constantly slowmotion and the cutscenes or anything dont match up! Even turned everything down to low and still made no difference!! Fix  the game Capcom or you've lost yet another customer because I see other poeple are having the same problem!!"
76561198006520694,Not Recommended,304240,14108107,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,cali game 115,is ok k boring !
76561198363538459,Not Recommended,304240,29432372,Posted: 22 January,all,tb77brickhouse,i dont find this to be a great game seems very slow and does not play well . my pc has 8gb of ram and intel i3
76561198060760163,Not Recommended,304240,14090290,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kyina-lok,"Sure you have seen the other reviews say the same, the game won't go above 20fps on my rig no matter what settings I change and honestly, I'm shocked, seems to be an issue even with higher end PC's so it seems a issue with the game itself.On the plus side it does look great and I had plenty of time to enjoy the look of the shadows as I ran down the hallways in slow motion. Would happily change the recommend to a Yes if it gets patched properly but until then, buyer beware. Literally the last time I will pre-order a game because of this."
76561198008894817,Not Recommended,304240,24114332,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Why We Can't Have Nice Things,"I guess this is a classic, and people are playing it for nostalgia, but for a modern player, it's basically unplayable: cramped, bad camera angles, unresponsive controls, almost no tutorial, meaning you'll die again and again as you figure out things like how to equip a knife that does no damage to zombies. Save your money and buy a newer, better game."
76561198119187041,Not Recommended,304240,14084210,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Silver_Six6,"I would advise a word of caution for users looking to play this game on a laptop. I got the HP Envy 17 2.0Ghz (3.1 w turbo boost) , 12GB Ram, and geforce 2GB 840M GPU, with these specs I can't even run the game on low settings which is sad, because I did Lords of the fallen just fine at medium. Going through the forums I've encountered many users with high end pc rigs reporting the same issue. Looks like CRAPCOM ported yet another buggy chopped up resident evil game to PC. Don't buy until this game gets patched up!!!"
,Not Recommended,304240,22484068,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"Oh look who is here! Resident evil game! Not just an ordinary resident evil game, but a remake... Remake of a remake, sorry about that!Crapcom finaly pull this off, and by pulling this off i mean making the worst remake in gaming history!This hd release have absolutely no graphic re-work at all, as it was the same in 2001 as it stays the same. What a shame Crapcom!Okay maybe gameplay is a cool thing? No! First thing you gonna do, is trying to smash your keyboard. Controls are disaster. Did a ♥♥♥♥ing monkey port this to a PC?! I paid good money for this pile of crap! I want it back! But i cant, steam refund is also a disaster, but its another topic anyway...Characters! This eternal dumb look on Jill's face, will always be my nightmare, i can't sleep well after this you know!Voice acting is a mess, do you ever watch a B-movie once? Well it feels more like F-movie quality acting, what the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Crapcom?!Sorry for language guys, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥really getting on my delicate nerves1/10 :)"
,Recommended,304240,14077768,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Vanta Black,HD remake of a Jill Sandwich10/10 master of unlocking
,Not Recommended,304240,14091821,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Draol,"Please read this before you buy it!!i have played other RE games looking for the experience I had so many years ago but this one still the best of all. I bet that many of you think this way and makes me real sad to say that there is a BIG ""but..."" to add to this HS remake.1st of all before buying it check any website that tells you if your pc/laptop can realy run it!!!I went all excited for this game and just purchase in a blinded way just to find out that my graffic doesnt work with this game. I have a Radeon (TM) HD 7690M XT that equals the game recommended settings, and by this it meas it should work with normal or even higher settings and the thing is that not even with everything low i can play. My search says that my graffic doesnt support the game but still manage to equals or surpass the recommended settings.I know my laptop isnt the best in the market and even with my average knowledge i looked to the minimum settings and thought: ""ah no problem, even if it isnt high in everything it should be ok"" but then, i was realy wrong!So realy check it 1st so that you end up like me.I hope that they can optimize it so that many of us can enjoy and remember the old and realy good games.Until then i will stay with this negative recommendation!Have a nice dayDraol"
76561198037645022,Recommended,304240,14077809,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,imrathan,My childhood has returned.
76561198134720393,Not Recommended,304240,14093329,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cottoniscomfy,"what a load of garbage. You would only enjoy this game if you enjoy constant ""bullet time"" mode. Laggy, slow motion crap. Really? I am so disappointed. What is wrong with you CAPCOM? Shame on you. I can play RE6 on my laptop but not a remastered PS1 game? I just don't know what to say. Feelin bamboozled......."
76561198066062627,Not Recommended,304240,14091272,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,linkk98,"laggy as hell, can't play"
76561198067197719,Not Recommended,304240,14088219,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dr. Shotgun Surgeon,I really loved the original resident evil. but i went to play this today and it was running with a really low framerate so i tried to lower my settings to lowest they could go but it would not run without getting at the max 10fps
76561198002429792,Not Recommended,304240,14089771,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SomeSortOfSomething,"As for the game itself? It's a beautiful game. If you've got a rig and no compatibility issues and you love classic survival horror games, you will love this HD Remaster.Haven't gotten to play it properly. Played RE4 on here before perfectly fine. Even had an old emulated version of REmake, which worked fine as far as I remember. The HD Remaster runs in slow motion, rather than super low FPS, constantly, save for the intro FMV. Even cutscenes are slow. On high or low textures, resolution, FPS lock etc, it's all the same.As for me, well. Guess it's back to the original RE1...+ Touched up player models+ Alternative appearances for Chris and Jill, their RE5 models in addition to the original REmake ones.+ Added features in terms of aspect ratio and controls- Gamebreaking techincal issues, seemingly with compatability- Control scheme may not be for everyone, but for me it's fine.- Some of the backgrounds don't seem to have been given a makeover."
76561197983871679,Not Recommended,304240,14090064,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tealord,"I would recommend people to wait till they patch this game. The game runs in slow motion for me, even with the lowest graphical settings and it's just absurd. I still own the original gamecube version of the game and I absolutly loved the game back in the day. Hopefully this will be fixed soon for the Resident Evil fans.Edit: Friendly user named Spawn01234 knew solution to my slow motion problem and i'm gonna leave this as not recommend review, just in case someone else has the same problem.Spawn01234 wrote:""Simply Right click on the desk top and select NVidia control panel, from here its very simple just select Manage 3D settings under 3D settings column, under the tab programs settings There should be 1.select a program to customize click the button under that, that says add and find where the game is located then select the game program. under #2 select High Performance NVidia Processor and hit apply and that should fix it!"""
,Not Recommended,304240,14090976,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TombstoneTWA,"I am a huge Resident Evil fan, but I'm just a little disappointed. I wanted to record this on my channel but the frame rats are terrible no matter what I do to fix it. I'm hoping the developers do a patch up or something to fix this. I don't want to feel like I wasted money for this."
76561198209698581,Not Recommended,304240,28813848,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cancer patient,The game doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work.
,Not Recommended,304240,14087391,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TOMCAT,I'd hold off until the update for the game comes.  The game is a bit slow to process and the cutscenes are off too?  Like the audio and visuals don't match up.  Still 2 spooky 4 me tho and I'll play or try to once more when it's not as bad with lag.
76561198045265166,Not Recommended,304240,14093487,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,wicked kangaroo,I love this game i love this franchise when i saw that a hd remake of the original was going to be released on steam i screamed like a typical fanboy . i got less then an hrs play time cause the character movements where slow and horrid and the lip syncing was even worse . thanks for ruining one of my fav games capcom
,Not Recommended,304240,31159454,Posted: 15 April,all,Adokas,"OK, I had the original one for PSX back in the day, but I couldn't play it. Being honest, I was a kid and it scared the hell out of me. I remember watching that cutscene where the first zombie appears, turning and watching you. Yes, that was the point my dad said ""Not for kids, not at all"". So, from that day, I had this idealized idea of this game where it was the scariest one out there.But I think it would be fair to analyze the game without the nostalgia factor in mind. And, if you do that, man it is bad. Like, bad bad. Why do I say that? Let's summarize:- Controls are bad. Even with the remastered ones, where you can use your controller sticks in a moder way, in which left means left, not just turn left, the control is confusing. Because the camera system is. So you push forward to advance, the character moves to the next part of the room, where a new camera angle is set and now you are running towards the camera, so left, right, up and down get all mixed up. And the shooting seems clunky for today standards.- Transitions. These are a house brand. You click a door and a cutscene starts where the door opens and you expect something to be on the other side but it's never there. Well, there is a transition for EVERY SINGLE DOOR. And sometimes you have to go from one side to the opposite one of the mansion and, in the process, get through six or seven doors. I think the main reason for this is to make the game pace slow and to avoid the speedrun feeling. But man, it is way too much.- Inventory. Six slots and that's it. And for the survival component is fine. I don't like games where you can carry an arsenal with you at any time. But this is plain frustrating. There are times where I shot to spend the ammunition so I could free a slot in my inventory to pick an item. Combined with the transitions nightmare, it is an unpleasant experience indeed. I mean, you are in a room with your inventory almost full. Find a herb and say ""why not pick it up?"". You do and then you find a quest item. And you can't take it because your inventory is full. So you say ""OK, let's head back to the container with all my stuff to make some space"". And that's four doors away, so you know it's going to take way too much time. So you curse, throw the controller away and quit the game.- Bad story. And, if you don't agree, I am sure you have played (and loved) the original one. Because, let's be serious, it is not good. At all.- Cheap puns. This is the worst and it kills the mood.But there were good things too, don't get me wrong:+ The atmosphere. The horror is not constant, but I was tense the whole time.+ Difficulty. It is a fair game. Even though hard was too hard for me, I think it was fair. It is just that it requires more focus on it that I was willing to give.+ Eventually, it is over, and you could say ""I finished that"", and then you uninstall it and forget about it, just remembering the good parts when it pops up in a conversation with friends."
,Not Recommended,304240,14089312,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Japo,The videos are in slow motion for some people and we dont know how to fix it.
76561198202547984,Not Recommended,304240,14087413,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dementron,This game doe's not run satisfactory. It's laggy and buggy for no reason.
,Not Recommended,304240,28512983,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ScarletGungnir,Bad optimization. No patchs since de launch.
76561197982935336,Not Recommended,304240,14084687,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MADFCK,"This game is complete load of♥♥♥♥♥♥it says ERR09 unsupported function when you try and go into full screen i have a660 GTX video card, what a waste of $20 morons selling a broken game."
,Not Recommended,304240,14089566,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SPC D.O'Connor,"so when i heard that they were remakeing Resident Evil i was all excited remembering the hours of fun suspense i had playing the Playstation version.  And since its 2015 and all the new Resident Evils (from RE4 on) are over the shoulder and some are even walk n shoot, i was hoping that they would make that an option for the new remastered Resident Evil.  But sadly they did not take that route and just left it with controls that are almost 2 decades old.  For me this is a big let down and my only hope is that someone will make a mod for this game to make a better aiming system and over the shoulder camera angle so i have better control over the character.On the otherhand the graphics, textures and modles look great and the fact that the mansion has a different layout is probally the only reason im actually gonna spend any time playing this game.When i first installed this game i was able to run it then i closed the game and tried to run it again and i got bhd.exe crashes as soon as it tried to start.  i uninstalled reinstalled and restarted my computer and still the bhd.exe would crash.  Then after trying to start it 15 times or so it finally started and i was able to play.Overall i give this game a 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,304240,14092198,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ceb,The only scary thing here is the port
,Not Recommended,304240,25759890,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,COCK,cant play fullscreen
,Not Recommended,304240,28543498,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zogged,"♥♥♥♥ing disgusting. I can run far more demanding games than this and it's melting my ♥♥♥♥ing PC! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING HELL HAVE YOU DONE, CAPCOM??? Literally ♥♥♥♥ off and die."
76561198138376768,Not Recommended,304240,23362282,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dffcaroli,"Was really  looking forward to playing this  game again, shame the keyboard controls do not work.Would not recommend  buying."
76561198079030650,Not Recommended,304240,14085377,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,AngieRaye,was really looking fowards to playing this but its a broken mess right now so please fix the game!
76561198073431466,Not Recommended,304240,26590521,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,zaemanfx,"I never checked this game out in it's original incarnation so I thought I would check out this revamped version.Well after near 20 hrs download Then set it up, sit through the intro, at last game start.Go to first room, movement sysytem sucks big time, check out room find trypewriter ribbon (appropriate) can't find anything else to interact with can't leave room.So end of gameSelect quit game crashes.Delete 20hr download. End of story."
,Not Recommended,304240,34319436,Posted: 17 August,all,Corrosion,"better graphics than the original but still horrible camera angles and horrible control system. played this when i was really young on my ps1 and enjoyed it but still hate the camera angles and how ridiculous the simplest tasks are in the game. good nostalgia feeling with modern graphics but hard to play due to never being able to see what is going on. hard game to play but if you stick with it, it's not too bad. i just hate the camera system so much that i refunded. i thought they might have updated it since even the devs said how awful it was in the original but no.fanboys spamming comments will be blocked and all their comments will be deleted immediately. im entitled to my opinion and I will not be harassed for saying it. Go use your energy to do something productive for society instead of being useless pieces of crap."
76561198081967869,Not Recommended,304240,14080284,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,HorrorCreature,Pls fix slow mo !
76561198008052961,Not Recommended,304240,14084565,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kjeldgaard,"do not recomend. this is a sad excuse for a remake the sound dosent fit the voice ackting and combat is aful, its more like a joke cba that this took money to make cuss its really not good. i would rather play the orginal where combat works and the voices match the actors, ohh and why must the game run in slow motion cant hardly be the way they want us to play it, every time you hols shift to sprint i really have the urge to Yell Adrianne....."
76561198151992073,Not Recommended,304240,14084471,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pajakus,"1080p and 60fps is great but the rest of this so called ""hd remaster""is scam"
76561198044713453,Not Recommended,304240,14080661,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Busy_Pegasus,Better skip this one if you are playing from a laptop...With everything on low i got 20fpsCapcom is historically bad at porting for pc and this one isn't different
76561198135146215,Not Recommended,304240,32184571,Posted: 4 June,all,OPSpectrum,"Okay, so I have 40 mins in the bag but really a lot of that was set up and pratting about while on the title screen.Now, initial impressions. Let me walk you through it.- Game starts (obviously)- I meet the first Zombie- I die- I reload- Game starts (again)- I meet the first zombie (again)- I die again (again)- I rage out and quit the game immediatley- I start writing the this review.**** this game....until I calm down and turn the difficulty off of 'mountain.'"
,Not Recommended,304240,14084564,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shinotama™,"DON'T BOTHER IF YOU LOVE THE ""ORIGINAL""I was really excited to play this game, being a fan of, and have played since, the original game came out in 1996 but I am sad to say that I am rather upset about it.Now, I am a huge RE fan, sadly for reasons out of my control I was not able to get a game cube / an oppertunity to play the original remaster to experience the 2002 remake, it saddens myself because if I had then I would have been able to avoid spending £20 for the price only to drop after purchase (My problem, I know) and I would have also known about the severe game altering changes made to its both plot and design.I say this in a light hearted way as I'm sure if I grinned and beared it, the game would be absolutely fine (For myself I have had no issues with the graphics / frame rates, I guess I lucked out, unlike my other gamers here on steam) but what did they do to my beloved mansion? Why did you add extra rooms and change the way I access rooms?Enemies can now be countered with a 'one shot' knife, even though you carry one on yourself all the time that has infinate slices? Don't even get me started on 'Crimson heads'..I appreciate that the game has been updated as so the glory of HD models can be oggled at for the masses but why was not EVERYTHING updated? A majority of the mansion still seems to have that 'soft' feeling to it, like its been stretched (I was playing 1920x1080 on a 1920x1080p monitor so thats correct).So even if I stop to talk about the 'Extra's', I was rather excited to have a OST soundtrack to hear the old mansions creepy theme.. this was shot down in a moment as the soundtrack isn't a full one and the game has lost its 'creepy' edge with the pipe organ tones.If you are playing this for the first time? You will enjoy it, I'm sure I would rate it at a 8/10 for the small portion that I bothered to play.If you are an original RE player spawning from the PS1 or PC I'd give it a 3/10, they shouldn't have messed with the game enviroment.Its like someone who now watches 'Dr Who' and complains about old series vs. new series I suppose, but thats just my 2 cents, I just think this game wasn't changed for the better.Not to mention if you havn't played it yet, but you have played the original, don't open the mansion's front door."
76561198009575354,Not Recommended,304240,14079660,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Yellowstone,"I just can't play the game!The optmization is such a sad, sad thing. I can play games like Tomb Raider 2013, Dead Island Riptide, PayDay 2 and Resident Evil 4, 5 and 6 just fine, but this one is unplayable! The cutscenes, the character's movement, everything is too slow!I really need help to figure out what's the problem here, 'cause I know some people are able to play it alright and I'm not!UPDATE: I can finally play the game in minimum setting if I turn off the V-Sync and that AA thing; it's not perfect yet, some parts still run slowly, like the first corridor at the first floor, to the right. The cutscenes are still lame.The game is fun, and the fact that the voice acting is kind of pathetic is just a minor detail. It's a really great game, but I still don't recommend it 'cause even if you have the recommended requirements you may still be unable to play it.By the way, I'm not using a laptop."
76561198025073052,Not Recommended,304240,26079170,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ShadowMIB,Graphics look good but if you run out of ammo you might as well delete the game because you cant win
76561198096274339,Not Recommended,304240,14081836,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,LynseyLeigh,"Gutted!! Absolutely GUTTED!!! Frame rates suck!! Couldn't wait for this game now i am devestated! Currently playing MGSV with perfection, so how my PC can't handle this game sucks! Sort it out Capcom!!"
,Not Recommended,304240,14081819,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MeowIzm,"Okay, Capcom should change the minimum requirements of this game to more than GeForce GTX780 for graphics card.Otherwise this game gonna be like GTA5 which always getting slow mo mode."
76561198192636701,Not Recommended,304240,29677502,Posted: 3 February,all,barrymai,i like it but still racomand playing RE zero first
76561197961141880,Not Recommended,304240,14080451,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Sloth,"Well, I have only played it for 20 or 30 minutes, but what I thought I was purchasing was the original Resident Evil for the PSX, but I guess it was remastered and completely changed from the original.  So all in all, the game is fun, but I wanted my  Playstation Classic Redone.  I didn't realize they just copied it from Gamecube or something.  Either way.  It is a fine game, but not what I expected or else I would rate it better.  I MEAN CMON Daggers?? What is this crap.....?"
76561198085926417,Not Recommended,304240,14078582,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Coleco_84,"Unplayable in day 1, fps drops to 5 in cutscenes. Wait for a patch.Update, well, just beat the game. Aside from having to skip all the cutscenes and having to play the game at 20fps, I would NOT recommend this game at all. It only looks a bit better than the Gamecube version (which was released 13 years ago), the widescreen is a lie, the camera is just zoomed in. There are no extras, you can only re-watch the endings, the Wesker Reports are nowhere to be seen...if you already have the GC/Wii version, stick to that, if you dont...wait for a sale, when the game will most likely be patched.Or at least I hope so."
,Not Recommended,304240,28523666,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hermit,I didn't like the awkward camera angles or how you have to earn the right save your game.
,Not Recommended,304240,14078213,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,OneeSama,Was gonna 10/10 but then opened front mansion door :(
76561198351109640,Not Recommended,304240,30712893,Posted: 24 March,all,Cornholio,Waste of my money. Im used to being able to customize controls the way  I do for modern first person shooters. This requires left and right strafe option which I usually assing to left and right keys. This game does not have strafe and therefore could not set up the way I want. I do not use controller I use mouse/keyboard for all gaming. I started game and just kept turging around in a circle. Very poor controls in my opinion and very limited customization options. I will not even play this game. This game came out in 2015 and doesnt even have strafe? Very poor controls!!! Waste of my money!
,Recommended,304240,19165998,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Nihilanth Non Serviam,"I absolutely recommend this, if anybody missed out on Resident Evil 0, go ahead and get this version, it's optimized and runs smoothly, has all the grit and terror of the first one, but with decent graphics, it kept all of the essence of the first game imo, beautiful way for newcomers to start the franchise as well as a chance for old fans to revisit a HD remaster of the old classic."
,Recommended,304240,19160466,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ascalde hellcase.com,hehe
76561198047232755,Recommended,304240,19177012,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,c y r u s  t h e  v i r u s ☠,What's the most atmospheric game you've ever played?This remake will prolly take the cake. By a mile.
,Recommended,304240,30591829,Posted: 18 March,all,jon-h86,great reboot
76561197970482328,Recommended,304240,18838015,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,"A fantastic remaster of a classic game, back when Capcom used to put thought into their games with good puzzle solving elements instead of being a boring QTE/shooter mashup.  Highly recommened."
,Recommended,304240,18830739,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,osricen,"Wonderfully remastered. Plays like a charm as it is very well optimized. The best entry on the series finally able for all the people who couldn't play it on its original system... and rejoice, as it's the best version as well! Simple, interesting, a few good scares and highly replayable. Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,304240,18831916,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,xXS0UNDXXW4V3Xx,its a great game but i need to upgrade my gpu this game tottally rapes my card
76561198041806778,Recommended,304240,19055056,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,JackDeRipper,"Classic survivor horror, grandfather of the modern era, re-made for PC with an HD rendition.Tank controls, though you can switch that now to a more standard control scheme.Awesome story, it's a must try for mature gamers or anyone nostalgic for that creep factor well-done.WELL-DONE, i'm looking at you RE6, you piece of %#%#%@"
,Recommended,304240,30610057,Posted: 19 March,all,Bip,"Never played the original, love the HD remake.Game mechanics boils down to exploration, puzzle solving and a bit of resource management/combat on the side. Story and environments are paced really well where you never really feel bogged down and have a vague idea on where to go. The only minor issue is that you will be running laps back and forth to do things and get items.Top tip, avoid combat if possible, otherwise remember to burn those bodies."
,Recommended,304240,18790888,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[Dizzy TecHniColor Panda Blur],beautiful nostalgia
76561198027720987,Recommended,304240,18978172,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Brian.,"This is the pinniacle of the highly recevied resident evil series IMO. It is an atmospheric, puzzle-horror game with the ♥♥♥♥♥est controls you'll ever come across but somehow the controls are what contibutes to the inconvience that ends up being a pleasurable expirence."
76561198018137949,Recommended,304240,19002768,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Oblivion!,"""it's Magnificent""-Albert Wesker"
76561198017149751,Recommended,304240,19362097,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dirtyd,epic remake
76561198002954610,Recommended,304240,19400740,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,War_Machine_01,Years ago I went out and baught a Nintendo Gamecube just for this game and look now!Pros: Resident Evil Gamecube version HD remastered in all its glory!Cons: Not the PS One version that made the series famous.
76561197987671217,Recommended,304240,19406427,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Redman,Great remastered version. Can't wait for the RE 2 Remaster!
76561198046566344,Recommended,304240,19548055,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,godzilla_7,I LOVE THIS GAME  !!!
76561198182202329,Recommended,304240,19534112,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nostromo,bh♥♥♥odhjbjovdpvdpopvc dgipgdigd g7gd8yg 7d08g gd08g 8d0p g
,Recommended,304240,19546054,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Quakerino,"♥♥♥♥♥my pants while playing it the first time on psx. (10 years old)♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants the second time playing the DS version. (16 years old)♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants the third time while playing the PC version. (21 years old)Timeless classic would pay for Super, Ultra 4K Hulk HD Version Version 24"
,Recommended,304240,20152980,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,swordking35,exactly as the original ps1 game!!
,Recommended,304240,20080202,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ObscureEdge,"Love seeing the original Resident Evil's coming back and even better seeing them come to steam, this game is totally worth $20.00 hell it's worth easily double that if your a old school Resident Evil fan then you most likely will already own this, as for any RE5 or RE6 fans out there well this is 10x better then any of the new 1's.P.s I hope Umbrella Corps gets canceled"
,Recommended,304240,20169618,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,LB,grew up with this gem <310/10 would play over and over again :D
,Recommended,304240,20180159,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,poxtops,"A dictionary definition of Survival Horror. Resident Evil 2002 is one of the best games in the genre, period. This is a quality game, remaster and port.The game brings back the beautiful memories of limited investory, careful useage of ammo, puzzles & riddles to explore into the next stage of the game; and ofc, a revist to a beautiful game for any of those who have already played it and can preview the characters once again!For the younger players out there, if you have played newer resident evils and havent tried this, beware, it is a complete old school horror and not pure action, and actually has zombies!But trust me, you will not regret this experience.Amustplay for anyone intrigued by this genre, or wanting to feel nostalgic."
,Recommended,304240,20038662,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Drafty Backpassage,Deserves a sequel.
76561198021763379,Recommended,304240,20074241,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,Que emocion fue volver a la mansion donde todo empezo.....Gracias por hacerme recordar lo que era el miedo de estar encerrado en una mansion sin saber que estaba pasando y a la vez imaginarte lo peor....Excelente todo !
76561198001609347,Recommended,304240,21513823,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Michael,Good Game
,Recommended,304240,21781076,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cacilhas,"Cool game, but way too different from the original Resident Evil. Seems like a different game in the same mansion. Some performance issues, I usually play it with 25 fps.I would love to be able to play the old game in the PC, they could make an ""original game"" option. I really hope they dont change the game so much if they remake the second and third."
,Recommended,304240,22439324,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,REECE,"Things I frequently said while playing this game..Are you Fu-king kidding meWowFu-k you!Man fu-k thisAlright, I'm doneOMFG, what a bichYou motherfu-kerNOOOO!!!!!10/10"
,Recommended,304240,22146376,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Pimba Na Beiça,"I played this game in my cousin's house when it came out for the PS1. Well let me say that it still has that same old charm it had back then. And as someone who never played any other Resident Evil game besides this one, it was still a hard and worthwhile journey."
,Recommended,304240,22063846,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,☭ zloj ☭,"Dear Santa, thank you for this Remastered gift, i also wish to receive Remastered Resident Evil 2, please."
76561198023949708,Recommended,304240,22221855,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Possessedkitten,You have once again entered the world of steam user reviews.Good luck!Will you recommend the game?          > Yes          No
,Recommended,304240,22195923,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FeLix400,"My ideal remake for any game is something that will make you feel like you are still playing the same game - just a little more up-to-date. Overall, this remake has managed to do just that, although maybe a little TOO much. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:- There are brand new puzzles, and although they are all fairly easy to solve, it feels comfortably familiar if you have played the original.- The graphics have been improved and the colours have been dulled down to fit with the creepy, dark mood of the game.- They have kept the style of (almost annoying) creepy camera angles, setting you up for plenty of jump-scares since you can't see around most corners, and at some point even using reflections to creep you out even more.Cons:- Although the camera angles set you up for jump-scares, I often found myself walking around a corner with nothing there. The level of fear hasn't really been amped up for this remake, which I found disappointing.- The updated graphics don't really match how new this game is. It's certainly not what you would expect on new consoles, for example.This last point could be a pro or a con, depending on your own view:- If you remember the original voice acting that was so bad it was funny... well, it's still bad, and still funny.If you loved the original, I would definitely recommend this remake. Just don't expect a vast difference. Perhaps wait until the price is lower..."
,Recommended,304240,22391454,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pharquetue,I forgot how damn scary this game was. You just know the zombie is going to either burst through the door or stand up and attack you.
76561197996848919,Recommended,304240,22339493,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,AlgoRhymes,"As a huge fan of this series I must admit this remake is a masterpiece.If you remember liking the original RE, just get this one.10/10"
76561198062297348,Recommended,304240,22314400,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,midianmistress,"I do not have a new computer, but it is pretty fast, and I definitely recomend that you make sure your comp is fast enough to keep up with the game.  Now, as for the game itself, I don't care what others have to say, I very much enjoy this version, it looks good.  Its also been so long since I played it that it feels new somehow.  Or maybe my memory is going.  If you liked the original, and want to play it again, choose this version, the graphics have been spruced up, and visually its nice.  The only thing I have to say that might be bad is that the subtitles and voice over isn't sync'd to the video.  Oh well, still worth.  This game doesn't come on sale often, so if you can grab it when it does, don't hesitate.  I wish I'd been able to buy it on sale."
,Recommended,304240,22077765,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mochalatte,"When a game gives you an achievement for dying. You know you are going to cry a lot.If you're a fan of survival horror, you'll probably enjoy this immensely. The addition of the Crimson Heads into this remake makes playing the game even scarier (you'll think twice about killing zombies now) than its predecessor (then again, I miss the horrendously cheesy lines and the even more horrifying character intro video from the first game).Ambient sounds are disturbing, haunting music echoes through the mansion halls, and of course, very limited ammunition and healing items makes this a stellar survivor horror experience.My only complaint is with Capcom's failure to rectify the resolution issues. So many have commented about the errors in adjusting screen resolution (a.k.a. black screen bug) and the developers haven't done anything about them. Also, there are segments in the game where frame rate experiences noticable drops (while it isn't significant to kill gameplay, it's really a bit of a nuisance.) If you're playing on the keyboard like I am...... well, the controls are possibly more horrifying than the game itself.It's unfortunate that such a great game has to be met with so many issues, really. But for all it's worth, RE:HD is definitely a game worth investing in for old and new players alike."
76561197998570156,Recommended,304240,14408832,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,"Really good remake looks better than the Gamecube version. If doors get too tedious, you can download mods to skip them thanks to this being on pc. I'm hoping for a remake of re2 which is my favriote of the classic series. well worth the $15. It's worth playing at least twice with jill and chris, their stories are diffrent enough to make it interesting the second time around. I really like how it dosent hold your hand that much unline most modern games.9/10 for no built in door skip."
,Recommended,304240,14409817,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DaPope,"The Resident Evil gamecube remake in glorious HD. This game is nothing short of spectacular. Despite me being a big RE fan, i've never played the original until i got this. It was an amazing experience I have not gotten from a game in a very long time and I was constantly compelled to play it. It was also one of the only games that could scare me good. It is also definitely on my top five favorite games i've ever played. So now the question is,do i recommend this game? I think that goes without saying. Hell yes I DO!"
76561198045652131,Recommended,304240,14409819,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,deadman557,awsome game just like the original resident evil for ps i kept some credit spare and got this on day of release great game scary but my pc lacks in specs a little as it struggles with certain scenes.
76561198018184220,Recommended,304240,14432285,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Harkkyn,"It took me a while to get this game to run, but when it did i didnt suffer from any bugs except a few slow motion when i'd open and close chests really fast. The game itself is a throw back to the to the 90's and with it you shouldnt expect anything fancy like you do from modern games of today. Yeah the voice acting sucks at times and so too can the environment but the game still counts where it needs to be."
,Recommended,304240,14423226,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BIZARREBOT9001!!!,Perfect nostalgia
,Recommended,304240,14425173,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dark_Assassin91,"This is such an amazing game, if you played the original on ps1 or the remake on gamecube or even if you just like survival horror this game will not dissapoint.Your first playthrough of this game will take between 5-10 hours depending on how well you know the game from past experience, what difficulty you play, even which character you play will change how the game plays in terms of puzzles and additional enemies.Graphically this game is also very pleasing and if like me; you only played it on the ps1 in the past then you are bound to  find the graphics even more of a reason the get this game in your library.I highly recomend you get this game if you are looking for a survival horror or just some nostalgia. For the price this game in my oppinion is definately worth it, not to mention there is a lot of replay value with unlockable game play modes, as well as rewards for various chalenges such as completing the game in 3 hours or less."
76561198045111128,Recommended,304240,14441487,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,MegaDeath1981,Badass Game.
,Recommended,304240,14442273,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,exo,"This is a very well done remake of my favorite survival horror game.The last time I played this was on Playstation 1, that was when I was a teenager and it scared the crap out of me. Surprisingly the remake still does the same! :-)It's the same great survival horror game that it was back then with updated graphics (full hd, 60fps, 16:9) and a couple of new features.I have not played any of the other remakes (e.g. GameCube) so I can't compare it to that.I would recommend this to both players of the original Resident Evil and also people that have never played it.If you are interested in some more ingame footage you can check out the playthrough I am doing with my wife below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po7ieE0MHww"
,Recommended,304240,14484806,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Endparty,"Playing Resident Evil on the PS1 and being scared out of my kid shorts is one of my fondest memories as a child. My father and I played that game for weeks, unlocked every secret, the cheat items like the infinite rocket launcher, and would even do silly challenges like ""only use the pistol"" runs. Resident Evil made me the gamer I am today.I was never much a Gamecube guy, so this PC version of the remastered classic is a VERY welcome addition to my Steam library. I've always wanted to play it, and now I can! Its a lot different than the original thats for sure. The PS1 Spencer mansion layout is forever ingrained in my mind, so the many changes made to the floor plan of the mansion definitely threw me off at first, but they are nice. The graphics are amazing. Quite a few times I've been startled by dancing shadows down the hallway. The sound effects and voice acting have been improved, but not changed in a way that takes away from the classic B-movie style of the original.You get a new control scheme to use, which allows your character to move in the literal direction that you press the key. While some people might like it, it did seemed to figgity when chaging screens, so I kept it off, preferring the old tank style controls that I'm used to from the original. You can use items called ""defensive weapons"" to stab into monsters who grab you, giving you a second chance at avoiding or killing them without taking damage, which is another welcome improvement that wasn't in the original. Also, auto-aiming is a godsend, though I can't remember if that was in the original or not.CRIMSON HEADS. These things scared the bejezzus out of me the first time I encountered one. Definitely a new welcome addition. After killing a zombie, you either have to burn the body or decapitate them. If you do not (or don't have the ability to), they will eventually come back as a super-charged zombie that stalks you and will silently ambush you from around corners. They are tougher than regular zombies, and have sharp claws that give them a very fast attack to wittle you down quickly. Not pleasant, but once again, a fun change from the original game that threw me out of my cocky ""I know what I'm doing"" attitude.So far, I'm loving this game, and I think that fans of old-school survival horror should definitely purchase it. Send Capcom a message, vote with your dollars! Let them know that people still love true survival horror, and that the Resident Evil franchise was one of the forerunners of the genre, and not some typical run-and-gun shooter like the recent ones."
76561198096872062,Recommended,304240,14492329,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,☁ N.Ê.Ê.T ☁,"Remastered RE2, 3, and CV when Capcom?"
76561198045366853,Recommended,304240,14492468,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Commander Pootis,"This is easily the best resident evil game ever made. If you don't buy this game a zombie will nom on you, BUY EET!"
,Recommended,304240,14437800,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Forte of Gray,"The original Resident Evil was remade for the Gamecube. This is an HD remaster of that remake. Even though it's been many years, this game has not lost a single step. I fell into the world of Resident Evil big time with the Gamecube remake and this HD remaster has drawn me back in. This game reminds us of what Resident Evil should be. Not some Gears of War rip off with laughable characters and designs (Jessica Sherawat) and linear stage-by-stage progression. No, instead we're taken back to the glory days with a giant free-roam area. This game sees us enter the fabled Umbrella Mansion. Sure, the dialogue has barely (in some cases, not at all) improved but we need to remember that this was a Japanese game translated to English in the 1990's. That rarely went well, especially in film. The dialogue needs to be overlooked. Accept it for its cheese factor.The gameplay is your standard RE stuff. You have tank controls which means you move forward, cannot strafe and have to turn left and right. This is not RE 5 or 6. You only have a few inventory slots and the only way to drop items is to find a safe room and use the storage chests which are all linked unless you play the locked mode that makes the game harder. Monsters may seem slow and stupid but if you go into a room and don't take them seriously, you'll get overwhelmed. They did change some things. If you kill a zombie and do not blow his head off, he will turn into a Crimson Head and get back up later, then chase you down and he will be much faster and have claws that do more damage. There is also a new flask that you can put oil in and burn the corpses. Doing this or killing zombies with the incendiary rounds will prevent resurrection. There are other types of monsters but I'll not spoil that here.Some might complain about the controls but I'd argue that the fact you have to be super careful with the limited ammo you find, the limited inventory space you have and the fact you have limited control over your character and zero control over the camera makes the game more challenging. You will have to plan everything you do, from what items to carry between visits to chest to what ammo to use. The problem with modern RE games is you have too much control. Over the character who you can move any which way, the camera... even being able to piledrive zombies. There is no challenge, you're never scared of anything because you're too powerful and you have far too much control over any situation. In RE1 HD, you are the prey, not the predator. You can play with alternate controls akin to modern RE games but going into different spots changes the camera angle and disorients the character movement, so I don't recommend it.There is a ton of replay value as well. Beating the game in certain ways offers new unlockable content and you can even get different endings based on your choices. You have the option to play as Jill or Chris, both lead you down varied paths. There are even mods you can experiment with. Definitely a buy for this price. Capcom is obviously trying to make up for its mistakes and we, the fans, are grateful. 9/10. This is survival horror at its finest. Now if we can just get RE2, 3 and Code Veronica remade..."
76561198165146124,Recommended,304240,14437941,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dopey,"Well done capcom, just waitig for the remake of RE 2"
,Recommended,304240,14521771,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr. Big Dick,It took me one hour to find the room where you ahve to replace the shotgun with the broken shotgun. Torture.10/10
76561198176895237,Recommended,304240,14522014,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,rocchettimachete,it wouldnt let me edit my graphics when i clicked video option it says it stoped working so i delted it and re downloaded it now it wont even open can anyone help
,Recommended,304240,14523543,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SRV7792,"Having never played this Resident evil I ws very excited to play it for the first time. The controls were a little wierd with some of the camera angles but I love this game! Resident evil is my favorite series tied with TES. I am very happy I bought this, when i beat the game the first time it felt like a real accomplishment! I love all of the resident evils and hope to see more of them soon! I have never played 3 so hoping to get that soon also!  This is a very hard game which is nice but deff worth it! Also I love Jill <3 it was nice to see her back"
,Recommended,304240,14551558,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Goldshire Footman,Dining room simulator 11/10
76561198096350641,Recommended,304240,14554372,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,etherealessence,"TL;DRThis game is great, runs great on pc and whether or not you've played the original games or not, is thoroughly enjoyable. Unless you hate backtracking done right. Then you'll hate this game. If you aren't sure wait for the inevitable sale, if you were ever a fan of the older resident evil games and don't already own this, turn in your resident evil fan card now .... no really.....Back in the late 90s i was a huge resident evil fan, however I drifted away from the series when silent hill made it's appearance. Fastforward almost 2 decades and this game showed me exactly why the first 3 resident evils were my favorite games. I truly didn't realize how much i enjoyed these games until i played this remake, and I hope the success of this game will clue capcom into what fans of the series want.Objectively (rather as objective as i can be), this game is a remastering of the game cube remake of the first resident evil. This game's graphics are quite nice, some noticible low res textures here and there but everything looks good enough to me (granted I played this on a tv 12 feet away not a monitor 2 feet away your milage may vary). It has the atmosphere which made this series famous and thank god they improved the voice acting lol.For those who don't know what resident evil series used to be like, here's a brief run down. You are set in a claustraphobic and relatively small area, in this case a mansion, with very limited ammo and healing items available. Even more limited is the inventory space you have. 6 for Chris 8 for Jill. You explore your very well crafted environment solving puzzles finding keys and other items, backtracking to store these until you find their use and generally avoiding what enemies you can while kill what you can. The camera angles are fixed and very well chosen  and the controls are clunky.Honestly this remake is damn near perferct and I'm glad to see it go multiplatform rather than nintendo exclusive. This is so damn good. The two characters have more differences than simply being an easier or harder difficulty selection. Chris, while having a prohibitively small inventory and fewer weapons as well as needing to find small keys for simple locks, has the advantages of having a better unique defensive weapon. The mansion is very well designed. Yes you will be seeing lots of it with a ton of back tracking but in this game it works. You get to know the mansion very well and if you pay attention to the actual design, it is made in such a way that if you pick any two points on the map, you can get from one to the other in about five minutes or less. There are other areas that you gotta go to which help to break up the monotany.Last thing I want to touch on is the controls. The series was famous for its ""tank controls"" which are clunky and pretty dated. They do make sense in the fixed camera world but are awkward, which you can argue was the point. With this up is forward and left and right rotate the characters relative to the character's facing. Alternate controls are available which gives you more logical controls but cause problems when the camera angles switch to extremely different angles. I'd still recommend this control scheme however.Long story short, this game will remind you exactly why you loved the older resident evils, and if you've never played them before, will still be a very enjoyable survival horror experience."
,Recommended,304240,14555717,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,OOT! SHOOT!,"Extremely fun and satisfying to play through in different ways with different challenges when you start learning your way around, and an absolutely terrifying but rewarding experience on your first go. It's survival horror in every sense of the phrase, and there will be consequences if you are careless"
,Recommended,304240,14560758,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Donald J Trump 45,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,304240,14528882,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Zaman,Resident Evil / HD REMASTER is a game where your character can't carry anymore items ...NO POCKETS sim 2015
,Recommended,304240,14644737,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rob27shred,"I can finally recommend this game as they have patched it sufficently enough to run within the stated requirements. I had pre ordered this since RE is one of my all time favorite games. Well on release it was a terribly unoptimized mess, I'm running an i7 4700MQ 2.40MHz, GTX 770M 3GB, & 16GB of RAM & had to actually turn the res down to 720p to get playable framrates. I just gave it a check to see if they had patched it to resolve any of the problems & can say they have. I now can play this at 1080p max settings & keep a stable 60fps with v-sync enabled.That said the game itself is great, if you have already played the original RE, RE Director's Cut, or the RE remake on Gamecube you know what you're getting into. If not I strongly urge you to get this game as it is on of the classics, that IMO everybody should play through at least once. Especially if you're a survival horror fan, this is the game that started the whole genre."
,Recommended,304240,14656193,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Red Ranger,"Capcom F**ked up RE Revelations 2... and now Resident Evil HD Ultra Ultimate 1080p 60FPS Remaster Version is Capcom's  (rightfully owned) best selling digital game ever.If this doesn't wake them up and tell them to start making survival horror then I have no idea what will.  It just makes me extremely sad that the only ""recent"" RE game that has had good review scores is a remaster from a game that came out almost 13 years ago.If you're crying youself to sleep praying that RE7 is a survival horror game, then play this in the meantime. It'll make it less painful. I promise."
,Recommended,304240,14657294,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,smeagol swartzeniger,Classic resident evil horror always wins!
76561198097141085,Recommended,304240,14642746,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Watsfosupper,an execelent hd remaster of one of my favorite games. the new hd graphics are really good minues a few areas that didn't seem to get as much attention and if your pc is pretty decent running the game at 60fps looks amazing. my only real gripe is that every once in awhile the frame rate will drop for a few seconds but other than that it's a must buy for fans of classic surival horror games.
76561198076128336,Recommended,304240,14647659,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Cool Beans,"What more can be said about this game then its that good old Resident Evil with upgraded new graphics and some additional content.Costs 20 euros but i think its well worth it, only issue i've found is that sometimes FPS is dropping - during my very first 11h Chris campagin i've encountered like maybe 4 times this issue happening but just for few seconds (not sure why this keeps happening)I surely recommend REHD, its a must have to any selfrespecting oldschool Resident fan.Let's just hope that Capcom will remaster second part of the game."
76561198034246084,Recommended,304240,14635659,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bishop,"This game is brilliant, it was brilliant and still is, not much has changed since the gamecube release, but nothing needed to be. Fun though provoking puzzles, tense action moments, giant killer snake. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,304240,14641522,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,EFDRO,Beautiful
76561198013289358,Recommended,304240,14641826,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Dragon Dicks are Neat,This game is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥and I love it
,Recommended,304240,14667259,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Nastumi,"Good old RE, everything's said ! No real changes since the gamecube version, but still as nice to play as when i came out for the first time.Only one big complain for that game : WHY did they change the intro into a crappy CS while we had a marvellous film with real actors when the game was first released ? I'd pay to get the old intro back ;_;"
,Recommended,304240,14424428,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Slav,"Resident Evil Remake on Steam is a perfect example of how to port over a game that was originally console-exclusive to PC. And for an affordable price, at that! This release has stayed true to the original GameCube release, while still adding a few fun things in for PC players. Notably the ability to cloud-save your progress, and ability to see your steam friends clear times. Here's a quick breakdown of the actual game:Pros:- The character models look great, and the audio has not suffered at all in the process. You can still expect the same cheesy dialogue from the GC release!- The Mouse+Keyboard control scheme is wonderful. But at times can almost feel TOO responsive, more on this later.- The game is optimized fairly well, it runs pretty well on a toaster and cruises on mid-tier PCs.Cons:- The backgrounds have not aged well, the models are high res running against low res backrounds. However, this has been addressed by player-submitted mods. Look into these if they bother you.- The new control scheme almost feels TOO maneuverable, it removes some of the challenge the original sluggish-tank-control scheme gave you. Zombies are much easier to dodge and maneuver around, this goes for other enemies too.- Health items and ammunution are extremely common on even the ""Normal"" difficulty. Even as a new player i'd reccomend Mountain Climbing, so you get a better feel of the game.All in all, there is not much here to complain about. This is a wonderful release, and i'd wholeheartedly endorse it to my friends, REfans and fresh blood alike."
76561198051622130,Recommended,304240,14462480,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Magrão,"Epic, thanks Capcom Dev Team..."
,Recommended,304240,14490915,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nezchrynliir,"This version shines in every regard, it's challenging and graphically a great game.  Though I do like the gamecube version which this is based on as a player of the playstation era I do miss the old path through the mansion.   However this so far is Capcom's best PC port yet as it is solid gameplay and controls, it is on par and beautifully done graphically, as well as maintaining the atmosphere to a tee.I would say start with Chris's game if your looking for an easier time initially, as Jill has less carrying capacity but the lockpick on her game is very handy.Overall 10/10 with a funny glitch on release, you hear them talking and then you see the subtitles and mouths moving.  One thing they need to fix, video and subtitles synching with audio.  A must have for any resident evil fan who prefers the older games.  Those who hate complex puzzles and not being able to shoot everything with ammo abound need not apply!"
,Recommended,304240,14496456,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DawnOfBuddy,"If you're a fan of the Resident Evil series, then this is a game to buy.If you're a fan of horror games, then this is a game to buy.If you're a fan of Jill sandwiches, then this is a game to buy.If you're a fan of an original title, then you probably shouldn't be looking at a remaster of a remake."
76561198169146409,Recommended,304240,14579471,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BOHICA69®,sweet game still
76561198093687420,Recommended,304240,14581595,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,gmakk,"THIS is how a Zombie-horror game is made. Unlike EVERY zombie game nowadays, this game doesn't require you to simply wade through hoards of Zombies in a mindless slaughterfest. This game actually needs you to think, plan and prioritise. I played the original version back in 1996 when it came out and loved it then too. The updated graphics are well-done and fit well with the game. It's tense, atmospheric, and yes, it can be difficult so if you are one of the many modern gamers who like things spoon-fed to you then don't bother with this game as it'll be too hard for you.This game is a classic and is still fantastic to this day! Developers should make more games like this rather than churning out the same old crap all the time."
,Recommended,304240,14586263,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,jaimecastillo1201,i have played RE 4 and 5 but this is my favoritei only play 1 hour and i love it
,Recommended,304240,15841078,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Diddy Trump | Lets build a wall,"K.I no skuped zumbies, was wurth it."
,Recommended,304240,15880842,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,P.N.0.3.,"Left The GameCube Version on my closet somewhere, Too Lazy To Find it. Bought this and is exactly as i played it before , but with more content and 60fps and same Amazing Graphics that had me awed for the gamecube but more revamped !! !!!! 10/10"
76561198068519026,Recommended,304240,15884267,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,JackofKnaves,Jill Valentine boob simulator.( . Y . )/10
76561198049564434,Recommended,304240,14258359,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Purplefairy22,"Good Game but gets quite repetitive.Seems hard at first but in little time you'll be doing speed runs like others to get your name on the hall of fame.Hopefully, Capcom will eventually remove all of the cheated times on the leader boards with 0 second times.Pros - Good Game / known issues are moddable / easy achievementscons - Repetitive / leader board cheats"
,Recommended,304240,14259491,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ELECTRIC_WIZARD☢☣👽,Great port.  Best Remake of alltime
,Recommended,304240,14232759,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Neonstriker,Classic Survival Horror at its finest and looking better than ever.
,Recommended,304240,14232862,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mike Horrorible,What are you waiting for? This is only $20... Buy It! Even being 13 years old its still better than alot of the junk you'll pay full price for.+ Nostalgia+ Looks incredible and blows the GC version out of the water+ New game-modes add quite a bit of replay-ability+ The voice acting is a wee bit better than the original 1996 version+ This game is a bit more difficult than the ACTION PACKED Resident evils they've been releasing latelyIf you're a Resient evil fan but never played through this REmake... pick it up. Hopefully we can expect to see an HD re-release of ZERO or a complete Remake of 2 n 3
,Recommended,304240,14233551,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Viktor,"This Game is a great Step towards Remastering old Resident Evil Games on PC, the same should be done to Resident Evil 0, Resident Evil 2, Resident Evil 3: Nemesis and Resident Evil CODE: Veronica X, which are my top favourite Resident Evil Games."
76561197997050323,Recommended,304240,14233585,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Ioannes,It's great.  Its the best version of a gamecube classic.1080p and 60fps.It's Resident Evil buy it.
,Recommended,304240,14234012,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,WildCard,"Probably the definative version of the game, but still suffers from some issues (most which were already present on the original gamecube release).  Its the best ""modern"" Resident Evil game but still falls far short of the first three games on the original playstation and even RE:CV IMO.The bad first -1. The characters control like they are moving underwater.  Gone is the tight, percise control of the original tank control fixed camera angle games, and capcom even changed the controls for the worse in the remaster edition, (right trigger to shoot ?  WTF ?)2. The mansion looks like something that was built in the 1860's, not the 1960's.  The ""lab"" looks like a converted dungeon that the nazi's would be using in a wolfenstein game.  so much for a state of the art bio-weapon research facility.  The PS1 game did both better even considering the graphics limitations of the day.3. Why is Umbrella now an evil quasi-cult organization instead of simply an amoral, money hungry coporation ? (this was made even worse in RE:Zero).4. The added backstory of the Trevor family felt shoehorned in and added nothing to the story or gameplay.The good -1. Graphics look nice with the ""HD"" upgrade and the widescreen option is well done.2. You don't need a gamecube or backwards compatible Wii to play the game any more.3. Its not an over the shoulder TPS action game like the more recent RE games.If you liked REmake then i would recommend this version, or if you wanted to play it but missed out on it the first time around its worth a purchase.  If you were ""meh"" about REmake back in the gamecube day like i was or already have the original GC version, this really dosen't add anything groundbreaking and you might want to pass."
76561198036247599,Recommended,304240,14235194,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Acido,"Amazing remaster version, i'm really surprised on how well they made the polishment and the enhancements overall (includes 60 FPS option by the way)If you havent played this already, you should. One of the best game designs, environment, difficulty (tough but fair) and immersion i have ever seen. If you have played the previous versions, do it again.100% worth your money."
76561198086024139,Recommended,304240,14236484,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MadBroYolo,To anyone who is a fan of survival horror games I would really recommond this one its been so long since the last time i played it but it still holds its place as the best resident evil game to ever come and the fact that they remade it but still kept the orinigal chill factor to it just made it even better then before
76561197960443123,Recommended,304240,14106271,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Flugsaft,Makes me squeeze out all kinds of D butter. 9/10.
,Recommended,304240,14166535,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,sixty8k,"This is a fantastic remake of the original game. I highly recommend this version of Resident Evil 1 to any hardcore Resident Evil fan, like myself. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥and is one of my favorite classic Resident Evil games to play. RE HD Remaster > RE 2 > VERONICA X > RE 3. Good game, enjoy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,304240,14166911,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"To my shame, this is the first time I've played the original RE.Even without the nostalgia most players would have going into it, I had a brilliant time. The suspense and atmosphere I can only imagine was present in 1996 is definitely not lost throughout the various remakes this game has had. It had me gripping the controller as tightly as any other modern survival horror game I have played recently. In fact, the modern controls and resolution make for a very smooth and enjoyable experience.Definitely recommended for any fan of survival horror, or the Resident Evil series in general."
76561198059532563,Recommended,304240,14168220,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,WinterSniper,The Masterpiece of the survival-horror game.I love it!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,304240,14169520,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,gattings654,"Still a very good game to play. The HD graphics really bring the old classic back to life. A modern classic! if you enjoyed the first RE, youll love this remake."
,Recommended,304240,14170603,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HeartlessPrince,"Absolutly amazing remastered game. If you are a big fan of the original Resident Evil series aswell as the Gamecube Remake of Resident Evil 1, This is a must buy! Without a doubt."
,Recommended,304240,14170920,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rockatansky,"A Remaster of a Remake of a classic game!REmake was already a perfect version of Resident Evil, with some great additions and changes to the original game, improved visuals and less cheesy dialogue, the game was amazing.This remaster is the same game with slightly touched up visuals, an optional new control scheme alongside the original tank controls, and a new 16:9 widescreen mode which zooms in slightly rather than stretching the image, as such in this mode, the camera pans vertically to show off the rest of the scene thats out of view. This mode comes alongside the original 4:3.All in all a great port of a great game, if it aint broken, don't fix it. I for one am glad this game is finally on something other than nintendo. I bought a PS1 for Resident Evil, and when REmake was announced, I bought a gamecube purely for it.The port itsel runs smooth as silk on my setup, and have so far experienced no bugs or glitches. There was a minor issue where some scenes ran slow so I adjusted my settings and the game now runs flawlessly.Great port at a great price, some people are a bit miffed that nothing was added or changed, but why mess with whats already perfect!"
,Recommended,304240,14170965,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mast3rl3ss,"**waits for minutes pressed against a wall for the zombie to appear that he can hear but not see.......too uncomfortable to move......just a little longer.....**Great remake of a game that I've waited for, for a long time. The characters look very smooth and the atmosphere is just as tense as i remember as a kid. The puzzles still remain as challenging as ever and it still makes you jump!Switch off your lights, turn up the sound and enjoy the horror!"
76561197993247079,Recommended,304240,14171608,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,SWindleFeD,"If you love zombies, horror, survival and a good story then you are not doing yourself any good by not playing this.Pros:-easy to use controls (made even more so by the fact that you can use the analog for free movement or the d-pad for tank controls, I reccommend you use tank controls for everything other than action moments).-highly appealing graphics.-Music that provides an amazing atmosphere.-multiple story paths (it isn't in your face about though, just that if you do things a slightly different way then you'll get different interactions with each character).-60 frames per second (they don't help much in this game but it does make everything play smoothly).-the return of the crimson heads (they are imo a very fun enemy that will startle most).Cons:-the amount of item management does get tiresome after having to rush to storage room so many times.-lack of hints as to where to go in most cases (now this doesn't happen very often, but there are times in which you may have no idea where to go due to not being given a lot of info).-what seems to the lack of any way to increase your inventory space (it would certainly make the item management less of a chore.Despite the cons I've still had plenty of fun with this game that can put dread into your heart at the mere sound of anything other than you.9/10"
,Recommended,304240,14171820,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,EveofDarkness87,Truely a blast from the past. with today's graphics
,Recommended,304240,14173077,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Reaver,Resident Evil should of stayed survival horror and made more games like this.. 13 years later and its still one of the best horror games out.. CAPCOM REMAKE RE2/3 IN HD !
,Recommended,304240,15212694,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,JakeyPoo,"I have all the original Resident evil games, killin zombies. They did an amazing job on this remastered version. Same game but with amazing upgrades to the environment. If you liked the old game but hated trying to play it due to its old degraded graphics, then you've got to try the Remastered version out."
76561198018841747,Recommended,304240,15550396,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jakewhoreflake,"This is Resident Evil as I remember... stupid inventory system and horrible controls. Actually, playing it on PC is worse. Every time the camera angle changes you loose the direction you are walking in and wind up running around in circles like an idiot. While that can be worked around for the most part, puzzles that require you to push a button and run around a moving wall with 4 camera angle changes trying to shove a statue into a notch.... well, I'm done. If they had updated the inventory and control system it would have been a nice blast from the past but as it is it's just a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥***Update: I switched to the alternate controls (duh...) and WOW what a difference. It still has the stupid inventory/save system and screw the pooch camera angles... but the controls make a world of difference. I can actually recommend this now."
76561198029447906,Recommended,304240,15257141,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Hoko,"Found my first bug. So I tried Jill's Campaign on normal, but when I got the part where Barry gives you the lock pick, I tried to skip the cutscene and the game then says ""Unsupported Function"" and boots me out. Happens repeatedly! Other than that nice throwback!"
76561197984326920,Recommended,304240,15411606,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,shamburocketstr,Great remake of a classic! I enjoyed replaying this game with the updated graphics. The old gamecube version was a great remake as well.
,Recommended,304240,15692678,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,codyheadshot,"Amazing, I love how this is so true to the original. It was a Fantastic experience, and had fun elements that this series has been missing since the PS1. Please remake RE2 & RE3, but no rail shooters or 3rd person action games. Stay true to the originals like with this one, and I'll be a day one customer everytime."
,Recommended,304240,15508937,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,The Oracle,"1 - Capcom could fix the "" cutscenes slowdown/drift sync"" (with audio and subtitles comming late, because video slowdown on cutscenes) wich happens with some slower (not so slow...) machines.2 - To read a file is not a smooth process, when you want to browse fast the pages. The feedback could be reduced, so the pages could be ""turned"" faster with the ""action"" or ""right"" button. And the animation of the text passing from right to left, could be more smoother.3 - Same issues of damage detection cooldowns that we had on gamecube version. When you fire a shotgun, hit a zombie, or a hunter and it falls on the ground; if you fire again when it's getting up, there's a high chance that this hit doesn't do any damage, as if the targed was ""immune"" during the animation of getting up - wich I called the ""damage vulnerability cooldown"".4 - The mouse arrow should not be visible on the screen. Actually, the idea of making the left mouse button the default attack button, was really bad, since you really don't need a mouse to play the game.5 - The attack and investigate buttons should be the same. No need to separate them in 2 different buttons. This just makes things more complicated, even more when you want to customize the controls, to stop using the mouse, that I mentioned earlier. Also, a ""cancel"" button should had been added. It's awful having to hit the ""esc"" button many times on the menu/inventory operations, when your hands are relaxed over the ""w/s/a/d"" region of the keyboard.6 - It would be so utopic to have the old GSc remade as well? Like the draining swiming pool one, the fountain, and the others..? In fact, some locations, seem to have the old resolution from gamecube version, like some sreens near the stairs and water control room (near the sharks)...7 - Very unfamiliar and non-intuitive system to save the changes done when you alter the control configurations... (you have to hit enter, esc, click on ""resume game"" and not esc again... so...) This just could be more simple.8 - The game is wonderful and brings back many good memories... Oh, the achievement page here on steam needs some repairs... It seems to be unfinished/glitchy.Thank you for reading my comments. A guy who played and finished the original game, in 1996, with eyes closed, with the time of ""1:11:27"". Despite of the ""issues"" I reported on this review, Capcom, you did an awesome job! Thank you for bringing to us again this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,304240,15511980,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Neil2244,This has to be by far my favourite Resident Evil this is the Gamecube version of Resident Evil but the first one I ever played was the PlayStation 1 version which to be honest this one is a big improvement if you heard the dialog of the PlayStation 1 version you will know what I mean but other than the dialog I find the controls easy on PC even though I would of much rather brought it on PS but ehh I didn't mind as long as I got the game! but I highly recommend this Resident Evil over the others well maybe not 2 and 3 since they are good too and I really hope they get a HD version too!
76561198129523861,Not Recommended,304240,15499069,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,weegeethegabumon99,"For people that have a slow/low end computer, DO NOT buy this game! I have one medium end desktop and a low end laptop that both can not run this game without it being in slow motion and 10-15 fps. Other people have had a similar problem. See here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/304240/discussions/0/620703493322333489/"
76561198191514786,Recommended,304240,15571440,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,abfalter4205,"The overall look of the game is cool, with the exception of the slow frame rate idk how to fix it any help or sugestions would be nice thanks"
76561197997528288,Recommended,304240,15120125,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sharkgull,"See below. Those problems solved by following advice on support page. My machine specs are plenty good enough, but even the lowest game settings were crappy UNTIL I did the graphics card optimization.Not sure what the problem is, but it runs in SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOW MOOOOOOOOTIOOOOOOOOON. Not worth playing until that is fixed. Anyone else having this problem??"
76561198005555358,Recommended,304240,15659785,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Wolfology,"It turns out my laptop can't run this port (which is odd - it can run most modern games on full settings without a problem); the optimisation could have been way better. That being said, I already played this game on the GameCube and it's brilliant. Although it is not my favourite RE, it is definitely the scariest one of them all.Side note: The pre-order bonuses are hardly noteworthy."
76561198139268939,Recommended,304240,16018086,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,redman,Really brought back the memories. As soon as i got use to the old school controls again the game was fantastic. I had forgotten how cool survival horrors use to be. They did a great job bringing it up to today's standards felt like a brand new game. Hoping they will remaster resident evil 2.
,Recommended,304240,16019948,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,lestat,This game scared me to the point of never sleeping again10/10 would suffer from insomnia again
76561198109639262,Recommended,304240,16007059,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CapRum,"The only reason I've bought the licensed copy of the game is to support the developers. I think the idea of remaking old RE games is one of the best that Capcom ever has. I want to see RE 2 and RE 3: Nemesis remodeled in the same way. And I'm sure a lot of gamers want the same thing. So I hope that these little contributions (game purchases) will be noticed by game developers. Maybe one day, those guys from R&D team will get together over a bottle of whiskey/vodka/juice/milk/whatever and one of them will say: -Hey, look how much money we got from our RE hd remaster!, and the other one will say: -Cool, let's remodel Resident Evil 2 sometime!, -Cheers!The game itself is awesome, by the way, no point in reviewing it, just install and play, this is the best Capcom creation since RE 4 or maybe earlier..."
76561198046096269,Recommended,304240,16012571,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Enchanter,"Having only played the original RE on the Playstation 1, I was looking forward to this version.The game has been expanded significantly and looks more grown up, the aqua ring area in particular is a welcome change.The reply value is good as well with achievements and costume unlocks.Genuine scares and a great sound track make this atmospheric experience.Graphics could have been better but the is the case with most games, I myself do not need top graphics for the best enjoyment and this game is a great example of that."
,Recommended,304240,15787357,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DigitalSoSaltyFrog,The father of survial horror...This game is a master piece that i will rememeber playing forever...9.5/10
76561198174179517,Recommended,304240,14246455,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tahlseth,"Still retains the survival horror feel that the Gamecube version created.- New controlling method was something to get used to, but makes it easier to play.- Fixed camera displays give an even better feel than they used to.- Worth the cash? Absolutely. I didn't think I needed another HD remake of a game, but this made me change my mind."
,Recommended,304240,16047404,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,xXSnakExX,Loved the game as alwaysss
,Recommended,304240,15926505,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ThePhillyCheesequake,"If you liked this game when it came out on Playstation or the first hd remake on Gamecube, then you will love this game. If you have never played Resident Evil games before number 4, you'll be slowly driven insane by the camera. It would have been nice to see a couple new weapons or an ""Assignment Ada"" type mode or something to indicate that it's really any different from the Gamecube version other than a resolution upgrade. However, that being said, I'd gladly buy an HD remake with no new content and the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera for Resident Evil 0, 2, 3, and even Code Veronica. As an incredibly biased Resident Evil fan, 10/10"
,Recommended,304240,15890513,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pukas,Good old RE. Runs perfectly. All I wish for is for them to make remakes of all other old RE games.
,Recommended,304240,18594686,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Door Knocker,This game is scarier that Tommy Wiseau. 10/10
76561198071978698,Recommended,304240,18647898,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MrBean3180,The classic we all love but in HD.  The controls can be a struggle at times but otherwise a great game!
76561197973270891,Recommended,304240,14144852,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Terminator,"Resident Evil was originally released back in 1996 on the PS1 and is credited with bringing the "" Survival Horror "" genre to the main stream masses. It blends a good mix of puzzle solving with a bleak B-Movie plot about survival & betrayal. This release is a HD remastered version of the 2002 Gamecube remake boasting crisper pre-rendered backdrops with improved Dolby 5.1 audio. Capcom have also tweaked the layout of some rooms & puzzles, and added defensive abilities. 13 years on, it holds up well despite it's age, and still ranks as the best in the series. Exploring the gloomy Spencer Mansion all by yourself can be a lonely experience which somehow boosts the tension. A true classic."
76561198054192115,Recommended,304240,18173511,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,chronic.chris,One of the best Resident Evil games.
76561198027991904,Recommended,304240,18703274,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,appS,Perfect
76561198073642212,Recommended,304240,18714019,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,BOUNCE,awesome game.
76561198109230753,Recommended,304240,14227058,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DemonikAn6el,This game is a classic and I bought it just to have it in my collection. Its always worth playing if you can get used to the clunky old school controls. Always having to go back to a chest to get something reminds me of old school gaming frustration. We are definately spoiled as gamers now a days.
,Recommended,304240,18754480,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Notorious,"Great old school, over-the-shoulder horror game. If you like horror movies, puzzles, and actually having to think, pick this up. This game doesn't hold your hand, you have to figure out things for yourself."
76561198042238596,Recommended,304240,14087009,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ynnad,Holy crap! This game is just like the originial with some modifications but not too much that it breaks and looses the feel of the original. I gotta say that i am loving this RE Remastered and i now love Capcom once again for bringing us this beauty back!
76561198013698621,Recommended,304240,14087065,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,All-pig-must-die,If you never played the gamecube version you will have a lot of surprise. feel good to be back to Spencer mansion .must have! super fluid constant 60 fps
,Recommended,304240,14087073,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Eld,"Just as good as the Gamecube version. Was great before, still good today."
76561198063468841,Recommended,304240,14089090,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,gamer199x,"Even with the lowest possible settings it still lags to the points where you hear dialogue before characters mouths even move. It's a shame, I was really looking forward to this but Capcom apparently doesn't care about people with lower end machines. It's a great game and I still recommend it if you have a good enough machine I'm just irritated because I got my computer only a couple of years ago and it won't run this game properly. Approach with caution."
,Recommended,304240,14089412,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Boarnett,Original Jill = Best GrillHench Chris a♥♥♥♥♥♥Rebecca is pristineMuh Barry
,Recommended,304240,14089503,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SomeGuy,"It's a video game. Haha see what i did there..... you know when Barry says it's a dining room... or Jill or whatever.HOLY CRAP!!! I remember playing this when I was little... never got that far... Anyways this is awesome.Backround graphics arent the greatest but better than the gamecube. Controls are still weird to me, i never got used to them but im learning.Ohh and them jiggle physics."
76561198057649654,Recommended,304240,14089507,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Venom800TT,"One of my all time favourite game, we meet again.Capcom finally did a decent job of bringing back the classic RE to live.  I was so tired of the new RE titles that this is a breath of a fresh air.Graphics looks beautiful running in 60fps and the whole gameplay is fluid.Now we need the RE0 HD remake and i'll be a happy camper."
76561198007622695,Recommended,304240,14089493,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ErvisVlora,"I fell in love with this game way back when i first picked it up, however i just now realized how amazing this game truly was. I was young when i first played this and i never apreciated it properly, now thanks to Capcom at the price of a medium pizza  (2 for 1) 20$ i am reliving  the days that made me fall in love with Survival Horror.RE was the first ever game that made me want more, now in HD i am playing it while currently fighting of a cold, what i am saying is i couldn't put it down! I don't need to tell you to buy this, because if you truly are a gamer you already bought it. I just hope they remake 2-3, i would buy every single one of em in HD remastered version.Thank you Capcom! it's been 10 long years since i find myself facing challenges while playing a real survival horror. I've had to choose wisely betwen what to carry,weapons, fight or flight, and amunition types. I am in love with the series once again, i know this went on a bit too long but i can't help myself this one game made me love the survival horror genre for 15+ years now. And nostalgia is not the only reason i wanted to replay this, HD truly made this baby shine for me on my PC, i want more Capcom!"
76561197968864794,Recommended,304240,14090998,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bungle,"It's good, y'all. Some of the bg textures are a bit disappointing but the atmosphere and game mechanics are there and it looks great at 60fps. Voice acting is redone. It's still cheesy but not as bad as the original.Resident Evil 1 is one of the best games ever made. I've been waiting for a remake like this for a long time."
,Recommended,304240,14091127,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,chris2guns,"I am a Re player from way back this is by far the best port i have playe, No bugs except for the mouse icon wont go away just move it to the side of the screen poof now gone fixed. Now with that being said like i said best RE game still Capcom if you do, do a remake of 2 and 3 it would be greatly apperciated if they are this freaking good I mean Damn this is Awesome thank you for so many years of this awesome game for the PS1 to the saturn with exclusive monster to the directors cut to the gamecube remake we as the resident evil commuinty thank you and shinji mikami We love you.10/10 ugly face so killed him tasty."
76561198027380415,Recommended,304240,14091168,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,billy_blue69,"I've played all the RE games since the first one on the original playstation.  This is an excellent port from the gamecube.  Heck it was the reason I bought the gamecube.  Running AA 3xHQ with high textures, 60fps, and 1080 really makes a difference.  If your a fan of the orignals that were not all duck-n-cover run-and-gun then pick this one up again.  Hopefully they remake Resident Evil O."
,Recommended,304240,14091266,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,[AB]Belmonte,recomendo!!! Da pra ver uma diferenca Nitida entre o game do Gamecube/Wii e esse. vale a pena!
,Recommended,304240,14368352,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,gogettao,da hora xD
,Recommended,304240,14320089,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Truly Baz,"If you loved the Game Cube version (obviously we all did) then you'll love this PC port even more. Beautiful HD prerendered backgrounds with upgraded character polygons and upgraded sound. This is the definition of a true Resident Evil game and it's near perfect, i said near perfect because the game does have some lag issues in certain foggy areas.But despite some lag, this version is a clear example of how Res2 and 3 should look like when they are remade.10/10"
,Recommended,304240,14320690,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,kobkrepent,great title and awesome remaster the game play is the same which makes it a great repick up
,Recommended,304240,14325420,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Danny,"This game is fantastic. I played the original when it was released and it gave me chills. The atmosphere, noises, effects were just excellent. This brings all of that back. Hopefully they re-release the others too, Nemesis being my favourite.Pros:GraphicsAtmosphereCos:Voice acting (nothing changes there though)"
76561198056890154,Recommended,304240,14302572,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Spirit Warden,"It's great to have such a classic game avaliable for PC, this is truly one of Capcom's best Resident Evil games. Many people have noted glitches, slowdown and other issues while playing this game. I'm not sure if Capcom have patched it but I haven't had any issues and I have 3 playthroughts completed with both charcters. The only thing I can note is the Magnum shots sound weird (doesn't affect Barry's Magnum).All in all i'm very impressed with this game, something any Resident Evil and Horror game fan will enjoy. I hope Capcom starts going back to their horror routes, I also hope this means we'll see PC releases of RE:0, 2. 3 and CVX. Fingers crossed."
,Recommended,304240,14304361,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,HEEL_TEM,Hopefully the game will do well with sales this time round unlike the original GC version. Hopefully this will be the start of more original RE games coming to Steam!
,Recommended,304240,14304696,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DaedalusWren,"After playing several hours of this I can say I am enjoying it more then when I played it back on my PS. The controls are smoother and equals more entertainment value to stress ratio. This is what needs to be done with the next two games in the franchise. 4 and beyond are not the same game but 1,2 and 3 need the full updated HD treatment. and who can beat the price. This is a Grab'it, and Enjoy'it, title. 10/10"
76561198123176681,Recommended,304240,14306951,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tali,i really love everything about this remake i recommend this. if you like the original then this one's for you.
,Recommended,304240,14307093,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Spookars,10/10 Remastered Remaster
,Recommended,304240,14307116,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ThunderChild,ITCHY/TASTYWOULD ITCH AGAIN
76561198057745441,Recommended,304240,14281745,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DustyMech,"I've played all numbered RE... except this one. Finally got the chance to and wish I hadn't. All other RE now seem like♥♥♥♥♥♥by comparison. 10/10.Btw 1080p, 45-55fps on a decent laptop. Enjoy."
,Recommended,304240,14273764,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Noor * بسم الله *,"So.... I downloaded the game, and was very excited to play the Original Resident Evil that started the famous franchise. I never played RE 1 but I have played 2 and 3 and I loved them both. I bought the game, but the frame rate is so slow. My game is lagging, and the cinematic videos are fine in the game, but when the game starts everything moves so slowly. When the commentary starts in game, I hear the voices first, and then the video lags behind. I have an Nvidia 525M card... is it outdated for this game?"
,Recommended,304240,14284041,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Retro Renegade,"Resident Evil is a timeless classic that many of us have first experienced on the PSX. It was then remade on the GameCube, where it was met with favorable reviews and acceptance by the RE community. In short, this Steam release takes the NCG remake, gives it higher resolutions and widescreen support (take that, crappy Wii re-release), achievements, and a few other small things like more skins (BSAA costumes for Jill and Chris, for starters) that one can appreciate. My brother and I went through the entire game on an HDTV with an Xbox 360 controller. You have the choice of playing the old fashioned way, tank controls style, or there's a newer one where you can just move your character with the tilt of the joystick in any direction. We stuck with the old school controls, perhaps because of nostalgia reasons. When I played with the new style, I liked it, but at the same time, it has its drawbacks, namely when the screen switches and the direction you're pushing in begins to feel awkward. It's difficult to explain, but like I said, the options are there, and that's always nice. I experienced no bugs or crashes throughout my entire near 17 hours of going through the game. Capcom was nice enough to include a feature that backs up your saves over a cloud, as well. Just to make this review as brief as possible: if you're a fan of the original Resident Evil, the remake, or the sequels, get this. If you want a high quality experience complete with challenging, but rewarding puzzles, a mysterious and mind-grabbing story, and a bunch of classic scares that don't feel in any way cheap, get this. Now. As for you, Capcom, take this idea and run with it. Fans love this re-release and I'm sure you've heard it plenty of times, but remake RE 2 and 3. This is the best way to make a comeback, aside from doing anything with Mega Man."
,Recommended,304240,14285597,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Atomic Bane,I would've happily paid $60 for this game because it's good. But I'll take the small price tag as an apology for 5 and 6 and all the other knock-off ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games that didn't hold a candle to the first 3 Resident Evils.
76561198004152509,Recommended,304240,14286102,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,rainbowlizard,"This is a really enjoyable game throughout. I played the original on Gamecube and it's definitely fair to say that the graphics have aged well. A nice HD polish-up certainly does the vision of the game great justice. The sound design is as good as ever; every zombie moan and footstep still feel as inherently creepy as ever, and the music is perfectly placed and atmospheric. Gameplay wise, I'm a supporter of the old method even though there is an enhanced control scheme available, the clunky controls are as integral to the experience as the zombies, and everything is suitably creepy and uncomfortable.In terms of pros, I would say that the game's graphics are great, its sound is fantastic and it's overall a triumph of design; this is how Resident Evil should be. The atmosphere is only helped by the remasters and the improvements and it's still by far the brilliant remake it was. It also runs well, I have a very weak laptop, but it runs this game perfectly without even trying. I tested my comp on Can You Run It, and it said I couldn't, but my laptop more than managed it. It's fairly generous in terms of system requirements and if you just take a look at the specs and use common sense, it is probably quite likely your computer would run this smoothly and with no problem.However, I did find the 60FPS mode seemed to run in slow-motion, which was probably due to the weakness of my laptop, but it was still frustrating considering otherwise it can run the game on very high settings.Cons, I would say that the game has a HUGE filesize for what is essentially just a HD reskin of a Gamecube game. I find it hard to believe that it wasn't possible to cut the game down from the massive 16.8GB download that it turned out to be. The controls are not for everyone either and the story is still on the wrong side of cheesy, though it's arguable that this is the point of Resident Evil (I personally enjoy the story). I would also say that while it is an improvement on the original remake and a very well-made remaster, I wouldn't say this is that much of an improvement to be shouting home about.Still, it looks beautiful and this is certainly the best version of the REmake out there, I would easily recommend this over the Gamecube or Wii version of this game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes atmospheric scares, some action and those who are interested in seeing one of the biggest influences on the zombie genre. It's a good price at £15.00, so I think it's more than value for money. This is simply a game that, if you're a fan of horror, you must play."
,Recommended,304240,14288487,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Little Uzith Vertical,"This remastering of the already remade Resident Evil 1 game is pretty well done.  If you enjoyed the first game a lot then you'll most likely have fun re-playing this with better graphics and added/changed stuff.  If you have never even touched this game (or even played it a little bit when you were younger but were too scared to complete it like me and other people who grew up with this game) then this game is very well worth the 20 bucks they're asking for if you've never fully experienced it.  In my opinion I'd like to see a RE2 remake rather than this since I enjoyed that game just as much, if not even more.In summary... BUY IT FAM."
,Recommended,304240,14290421,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,"The best RE game in the series. RE1-3 are amazing and I grew up playing the REmake of the first resident evil on the GCN and this HD port to the PC does it justice. Awesome game, it's not garbage like 5+6."
76561198129126530,Recommended,304240,14290816,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Thousand Year Trumpenreich,Outstanding game. Twenty years since last played and scared the hell out of me. HD update is very well done.
76561198126047700,Recommended,304240,14290912,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mooleytuna,Always a treat to play this game... The HD Render is amazing compared to the original..  Kick back and Conserve your ammo while you trek through your favorite mansion!.
76561198097360369,Recommended,304240,14294310,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Majki,"This game is awesome on so many different levels. First of all, everything that made original awesome is still here, improved. Second, new things only added to how great this game is. Atmosphere and voice acting are improved, some puzzles are different, some are totally new, new locations on the map. All in all fantastic game. I enjoyed original but if you didn't then maybe you won't like this game very much, it has a lot of back tracking, but I don't have a problem with it. Oh,almost forgot, its HD. Can't find anything wrong with the game.10/10"
76561198033719770,Recommended,304240,14189585,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Neo-Rio,"I missed out on playing the original Resident Evil when it came out on the first Playstation many a year ago now. People raved about it being a new genre... ""Survival Horror""... at the time, and in hindsight it's a game that I should have played already. Anyway, I get to play it it FULL HD now, and I have to admit that the graphics really do create an amazing atmosphere for this game. It is really nice, but it probably didn't need the revamp - more on that later.Some reviewers aren't old enough to know the origins of the game design, but being the old grizzled gamer that I am, the gameplay inspiration is easily recognisable to me. ""Survival Horror""? Well,  erm....not really! Gameplay-wise, this isn't too different from a classical ""mansion"" text adventure! We played loads of these in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and they were text-only on the early 8-bit computers of yesteryear. You'd get a text description of the room and you'd type in commands:  EXAMINE PICTURE, GET CANDLESTICK, GO NORTH, etc. Eventually we graduated to the likes of ""Uninvited"" and then on to ""Maniac Mansion"", and then PC got it's feet wet in full, blocky 3D with ""Alone in the Dark"" and adventures were never the same ever since. In any case, Resident Evil is essentially the logical evolution of the classic ""mansion adventure"", but with some really awesome atmospheric graphics, sound, story, and plenty of action thrown in!All the elements of a classic adventure are here. Good old examine-everything treasure hunts, key-opens-door puzzles, limited inventory management, mazes of rooms, switch-here-opens-something-elsewhere puzzles, booby traps, can-only-go-this-way-so-many-times traps, figure-out-how-to-use-the-objects puzzles, using-something-somewhere-opens-doorway puzzles, etc.etc. Really oldskool and cliche gameplay elements, but tried and tested stuff. Resident Evil has some amazing design (although the dog whistle thing was pushing credulity). In any case, you are not stuck scratching your head for too long. It reminded me heavily of my halcyon days of playing adventures on the Apple II, swapping tips and solutions with the kids at school in the playground, and then sneaking into the classroom at lunchtime to try and complete ""Sherwood Forest"", ""Crowley Manor"", and ""Transylvania"" !Aside from adventuring, we have the ""horror"" aspect of fighting and (usually) running away from zombies, monsters, and the like. Fighting the zombies is made tricky by limited ammunition, so in many occasions you'll be relying on your knife... and oh boy, this isn't simple. Aside from the claustrophobic rooms, probably your WORST enemy in this game is the darned CAMERA. You go to move away from a zombie, and then the camera chages to show the other direction. You think you're walking away... but OH NO... now you're WALKING STRAIGHT INTO IT! .....YOU'RE DEAD.... reload.Really, this is just disorentating and frustrating. It's tolerable initially because if you're good with your knife, the zombies will walk around in circles and you'll manage to pick them off by dancing right behind them! However, it only gets worse when the zombies get angrier. Then you'll need to have that shotgun....In short, if you haven't played this game before... BUY IT NOW.If you HAVE played this game before, and you liked it but want more of the same, then fire up a Commodore 64 emulator and play these classic text adventures... ""Haunted Manion"", ""Cavern of Riches"", ""The Great Pyramid"", ""Bastow Manor"", ""Miser"", ""Miser II"",  ""Elderberry House"", ""Uninvited"", ""Maniac Mansion""? ... THEN you will come to appreciate good game design and realise that you NEVER really needed the fancy graphics! Your imagination and some well-thought-out puzzles are just as fun!....Now geroff my lawn you damn kids!"
,Recommended,304240,14411594,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Bobjizz,Always crack a fat playing this game
,Recommended,304240,14412401,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DroWnThePoor,"It's interesting that the only game I've been truly addicted to lately, is a game that I played when I was 10 or 11.This game was recreated beautifully and faithfully.Some of the textures in the layout look slightly out of place and dated in HD,but all and all it looks very modern.I didn't like the voice acting of course,and that took away a bit of the horror vibe.I liked the originals better they were more suspensefulThis was my first time playing this game with a keyboard and mouse so all of the controls were new to me,they can be pretty antiquated but I think that adds to why I love the game all the more.In summation WORTH EVERY PENNY.You could even like this if it was your first time,it can be quite challenging at points."
76561198030710503,Recommended,304240,14412869,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,[DH]lynchy,wow just wow wow wow. this was my first playstation game with my consol loved it and love it even more now. great job with the controller support. re2 and 3  remake would just be freakin awesome
76561198100032895,Recommended,304240,14413180,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Trixie_Racer,i love re1 best story ever i just wish it had co op like in re5 when they went into the house that woul dbe so fun to play with my friends really.
,Recommended,304240,14415787,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MythicDawn,"10/10by far one of the best RE games ever made, this game will forever be remembered as a classic and perfect remake in the series. Absolutley the most PERFECT REMAKE of any game i have ever played.you can now control your character in a modern non tanky way. in other words....you can run around like in Assassins creed freely with no limits like you are in a 3d environment.the pre rendered backgrounds still look spectacular even today and the character models have definitely been improved.i definitely recommend this game to anyone who is thinking about purchasing it."
,Recommended,304240,14404429,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Giraffe,Graphics are much better than the original. You still get that resident evil vibe though.
,Recommended,304240,14136584,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,WandomWill,"i pre ordered this on the promise i would get the soundtrack and art book.... when do we get the stuff?otherwise would recommend this game, its awesome"
76561197965211443,Recommended,304240,14137439,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,R!0t,"A+++++MAZING.  This is by far my favorite series of ALL time.  Right up untill Capcom started to butcher it by removing fixed camera angles and turning it into a shooter.  This was a breath of fresh air.  Unfortunatly, all of us die hard fans have played this too many times to count, granted they threw in a few changes ;).  I am praying that capcom is doing this to get an idea of how well a remake of Resident Evil 2 and 3 would sell.  Obviously that is what the fans want and I will throw my money at them if they do this."
,Recommended,304240,14137488,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,30-Day Free Trial,"Love this Remix, a Remake of a Remake. 10/10 thinx senpai-Lizard Squad"
,Recommended,304240,14136771,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Máximo,Best door opening simulator I've ever seen.
,Recommended,304240,14137966,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zombie Brew,"A very nice update to one of the greatest survival horror titles of all time. Regardless of your stance on the original tank controls, love em or hate em, they're (thankfully) available, but not the only way to get around. Some textures leave a lot to be desired and the game is rather large (16.8 gb) and so far, I'm having a hard time seeing why exactly.That being said, fans of the series will be doing themselves a favor by picking this one up - well worth the price of entry for a trip down memory lane or those looking to see what started it all. Now, seeing as the original is on its second remastering, can we get a first remaster of Resident Evil 2? Is that so much to ask for!? :)Buy the bloody game already!"
76561198026236139,Recommended,304240,14138019,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Regen752,"This game is what Resident Evil truly is, not the terrible action games with non-stop zombie killing and huge amounts of ammo aka: RE5 and RE6 (RE4 was pretty actiony, but I felt it still held some Resident evil style). Everything about this game is what Resident Evil should be, the puzzles, lack of ammo, mystery, and the fear of never knowing if a dog is going to jump through the window, or if that corpse laying there will stand up. They should stop dumbing down the new games and keep to the RE roots. I hope they remake all the classic RE games, I'm sure to buy them."
76561198165254068,Recommended,304240,14138171,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Norbs,"I ahve played this on my gamecube, and i loved it, and i love now thats in 1080p, 60fps I cant get enough of this game its just perfect you should defitnitely buy and play this game (for the best exprirence play by yourself/alone, and headphones) you might be skeptical at first believe me so i was but i can tell you its was the best decision i have ever made.10/10 in my opinion"
76561198129287871,Recommended,304240,14140833,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pentatonic,Was expecting less got way more!! Awesome release..thx!
,Recommended,304240,14199265,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Immune to Sarcasm,"The pinnacle of survival horror, and a delight to play. The definitive version of the game that started it all."
76561198135601896,Recommended,304240,14224836,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,YaS$ B0ss,"just completed jills campaign and its brilliant good story proper survival horror like it used to be and should be!if you want a challenge play as chris on hard without saving ill give you gold medals for that.only bad thing is (with me anyway) that when using a 360 controller the running is messed up it says x is to run but it dont do it so it runs automatically and slows down at random and its anying at some points but ill still give this game a 10/10 ""just pure brilliance"" cant wait till revilations 2 :)"
,Recommended,304240,14228551,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Player 1,Great Game!No technical issues with an relativly old PC.
,Recommended,304240,14229574,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Conqueror,"One of the best survival horrors of all time. Constant tension, jumping at every little squeak in the floor, and always praying that you have enough ammo/health to get through the next room. A masterpiece."
,Recommended,304240,14216878,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Resolution,Amazing game and one of my all time favorites. Great remastering and the game has aged well it's a must buy.
76561198081542893,Recommended,304240,14110355,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Thommyvandyke,A zombie threw up on me on a staircase.Great Remaster  10/10
,Recommended,304240,14110378,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,CHAVER28,amazing :D full LP on my channelyoutube.com/chaver28
76561198083257228,Recommended,304240,14286394,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Cpt PikPik,This will be my exstensive review on Resident Evil HD remake........IT IS AWSOME!.
76561198084836965,Recommended,304240,14150137,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,smokinbowles,"Highly recommend for people that grew up playing this when it first started, I was plesently surprised by this remaster since the last couple kind remakes kind of sucked.  In addition, I was concerned that major bugs would be present since that seems to be the motive for most large developers these days. Im running with no issuesI5 3570kGTX 970 FTWSamsung SDDwin7 64bit16 GB ram"
,Recommended,304240,14150445,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cry4Me,Game wont start after resetting my whole pc..... TT-TTI enjoyed playin
76561198018732143,Recommended,304240,14151014,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Okinage,"The original resident evil possesses the quintessential survival horror experience that laid down a template for many of its successors. Having the HD remaster placed on steam meant an immediate buy from me. There are few modern horror games that can match the daunting, ominous and outright creepy atmosphere that the mansion possesses. Many of the diehard RE fans will be pleased with this port; I have not seen a single technical slight against the title. I also invite newcomers (or those who have only played RE games past 4) to give this a shot; there has even been an additional control scheme implemented to give the game a more modern feel, which ultimately makes the experience less clunky.Lastly, I would like to extend a hand to those who have not played a game with pre-rendered backgrounds before, and make a case as to why you shouldn't be deterred from such a title. Pre-rendered backgrounds are essentially static images (with certain elements animated) that make the game look like it has been shot from different camera angles. In effect, this lends the game a very cinematic feel whilst also increasing the tension: you don't always know what lurks around the corner. Furthermore, the backgrounds are incredibly beautiful, though perhaps somewhat dated. It makes the gameplay play out very differently to many contemporary horror titles, and I personally found a return to this style quite refreshing.All in all I would say any horror enthuisiast should leap at the opportunity to put this game into their steam library. Here's to hoping that good sales from RE1 will encourage them to at least port RE2 and RE3 to pc."
76561197972340657,Recommended,304240,14154053,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SurveillanceSociety,"For those of us that didnt have a playstation, gamecube, or a windows 95/98 computer, we cant play the first RE game on widnows xp/vista/7/8.  This version not only enhances the graphics but allows you to play on more modern Windows systems bug free.  On top of that if you did manage to get RE1 to work on your computer, you did not have controller support.  I am now able to use a controller pad for this on PC, which is how all the RE games should be played."
76561198000647567,Recommended,304240,14154159,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,iTry,I only played for abotu 15 minutes now and already ******* love this game--the classic biohazard with old school graphics only slightly better for pc. dont expect top of the line mind blowing graphics but amazing game overall
76561198004615084,Recommended,304240,14154288,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,OoodlesNNoodles,"The good old days!If you are a Resident Evil fan and a Surival Horror fan, you must pick this game up! Compared to other classic HD remakes, this is was well implemented. Plus, achievements for completionists :D !"
,Recommended,304240,14955666,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Schmaples,...Having grown up with the very first original - this is an A+ remake in my opinion. Loved it.
76561198000586665,Recommended,304240,14957198,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Driftwood,"I hadn't the opportunity to play the Gamecube version but was a massive fan of the original. I would say that yes this is a great remake to get feeling of nostalgia as well as something new. I don't think you should bother if you had already played it on Gamecube.What's new is a whole lot of extra rooms in the mansion, its like everywhere they hit an external wall they made it a big bigger with an extra door leading to another hallway or an outside terrace etc. This stuff was all very nice. The puzzles in the mansion are different enough from the original that I was quite satisfied. Ultimately the new areas provide a new experience getting through the mansion. Also noteworthy is that the courtyard is hugely expanded. The Guardhouse and Lab have roughly the same amount of stuff to do as the original. All in all I found just enough extra puzzle work to tickle my brain and I thought I was stuck a couple of times, tempted to check the internet... but glad I didn't.The mechanic of burning zombies was really awesome, though playing the game as Chris that fuel flask taking an extra slot, and only able to burn 2 zombies before needing to refuel, was slightly annoying. But only I think because in the past I would have had that extra slot for health or items. Honestly its a good extra challenge, and I came to the conclusion that I would burn some of the zombies in well frequented areas and the others, well just hope for the best. And I found out the hard way what happens if you use all your ammo killing every zombie in the mansion without bothering to burn any. Good gosh I had to restart the game I got myself in such a health/ammo pickle.Actually the first run through the mansion is the main challenge of the game, and beyond that it is frankly really easy for the most part. I played as Chris on the hardest skill level btw. The Sharks and Plant42 were the only enemies I found threatening once I got out the mansion for the first time (wow the sharks, such an impressive scene compared to the original equivalent). I'm sorry to say, the snake boss was really easy on both occasions. I used to get swallowed by that thing in the original but now he seems just easy to dodge. The spiders and hunters seem to have trouble hitting you too. I never died to them once, whereas in the original I couldn't count the number of times a hunter had swiped my head off my shoulders. You get all these blue herbs and I'm not even sure why, you might get poisoned twice by spiders and that will be it for the whole game. And the end game tyrants are slow and easy to dodge. I don't like spoiling it but I think people ought to know, the second half of the game you could pretty much play without using an ink ribbon. I had about 50 shotgun shells left too. I collected every first aid can in the game but didn't use one of them. I used most of my herbs but probably 10 mixes left over.But that first run through the mnsion, holy hell I thought that this was setting the stage for a really really tough adventure. I died so many times to the zombies and the super zombies that I nearly gave up. I ended up killing all the 'slow' zombies with the knife just so I wouldn't run out of ammo. Might not have been neccessary, you could dodge most of them, but this was just my playstyle I guess. By the time I was finished with the Guardhouse though, just felt like going along for a cinematic ride after that. Some mental challenges remained but no creature challenges. I actually felt guilty dispatching or ignoring the hunters so easily.There is a lot said by others about the mixed bag that is the 'hd' backdrops. Personally I found that this did not bother me, The lower quality backdrops were in there, but if I hadn't read about it I might not have noticed. The character models look good and in general the game feels nicely polished in terms of storylines, cut scenes and just enough differentiation from the original to keep it interesting."
76561198091590268,Recommended,304240,14897454,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Alex,"After 15 hours of gameplay. I would say its pretty fantastic, would play again. CANT WAIT FOR 2. PLEASE CAPCOM"
76561198052280492,Recommended,304240,14899834,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Turok,I bought this game because I never had a Gamecube.Was thoroughly impressed for a game that came out 10 years ago.Hoped Revelations 2 would try to compete with this but I was thoroughly disappointed.
,Recommended,304240,14926971,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,fearlessbeatle,"In case you have any doubt whether not this game is worth your $20, this review may convince you.Maybe you're like me, you have the PS1 version of this game, and you feel the tank controls are a little confusing, and you'd like to go around the mansion without fumbly controls (many like these controls as it makes the camera angles alot creepier.) you can now do that by using the alternative control scheme. The only down fall of this new control scheme is in some camera angles its a tad weird. But other than that its great, it also still allows you to use the tank controls all the Resident Evil veterans love and know by using the dpad. A controller is greatly recommended for this game. Great graphics for a remake of a remake. Some textures arent 1080p natively, but upscaled from the gamecube version, which isnt bad because the gamecube graphics were ahead of their time on this remake. Overall the game has a good story behind it, scary monsters like crimson heads, hunters, and last but not least, Lisa Trevor. The game should take anywhere from 10-15 hours for first timers. But once you get going youll know the mansion really well. The game has a nice way of confusing you though. Its definitely worth the pickup. Heres hoping for RE2 and RE3 remakes for the people who never played those. Great job capcom, cant wait to start playing as chris."
,Recommended,304240,14941453,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Thirteen Is The Forever Number,"This is where it all began and even though I cannot play it, I still give my five star approval & must-play reccomendation. Seriously, play this instead of another Five Nights At Freddy's. You can still play F.N.A.F., just give this game a chance too."
,Recommended,304240,15200306,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ryzen_Core,"thid is definitally an awesome remake of resident evil, but this remake should have been released years ago, at least no more than 1-2 years after this remake was released origonally on Nintendo Gamecube! but no we had to wait ! HOW LONG CAPCOM? i know more than 5 years???but still this was finally released on PC and i love it, i actually have played this awesome version more than the original on PSX!now all we need is a remake of Resident Evil 2 - CAPCOM - PLEASE, just make a RE2 Remake by just adding all of Resident Evil 2's charactures and area's with each playthrough as DLC, like Leon's & Claire's A scenarios, and B scenarios, EACH AS A SEPERATE DLC or have an all in one DLC Package, also adding Resident Evil 3 : Nemesis and Code Veronica also as seperate DLC, using this games, game engine, hell the SELF destruct sequence audio can be used in each one,PS: CAPCOM, COULD YOU PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PRETTY PLEASE GIVE US LOYAL, AND LONG TIME RESIDENT EVIL FANS A REMAKE OF RESIDENT EVIL 2, AS MUCH TO THE ORIGINAL GAME BUT MAYBE A SLIGHT FEW ADDED DETAILS AND YOU COULD EVEN TIE THE sLANT SIX GAME OPERATION RACOON CITY TIED IN AS IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN,HELL, YOU ALRADY HAVE ALL THE AREAS DONE FROM NEWER GAMES LIKE , ORC, RE:UMBRELLA CHRONICALES, DARKSIDE CHRONICELS ETC,, JUST USE THOSE, DAMN, GIVE US AN RE:2 rEMAKE JUST AS YOU DID WITH THE RE:1 REMAKE HD REMASTER ON PC, IT WOULD JUST COMPLETE MY DREAM OF HAVING A BETTER VISUAL RE:2, ALSO WITH ALOT OF EXTRA♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND U COULD ADD CLAIRES REVELATIONS 2 OUTFITS, EXCEPT GIVER CLAIRES FACE THE ORIGINAL RE2 LOOK, NOT HER UGLY FACE AS IN REVELATIONS 2, AGE SUCKS, BUT GAMES DONT HAVE TO SUFFER AGING, REMAKE RE2, AND POSSIBLEY RE3 AND CODE VERONICA, IF NOT, AT LEASE REMAKE RE2/ AT MOST,HELL IT BE AWESOME TO REMAKE RESIDENT EVIL 2 & RESIDENT EVIL 3 : NEMESIS INTO ONE FULL GAME AND TIE THEM TOGETHER IN CHAPTERS AS RESIDENT EVIL 4 & 5 WAS, NOT THIS EPISODIC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T LIKE RESIDENT EVIL REVELATION'S 1 & 2, NICE IDEA, BUT I MISS THE GOOD, OLDY TYPEWRITTERS SAVE SYSTEM.IF CAPCOM, IF YOU CAOULD DO A RE2/RE3 FULL REMAKE LIKE THIS RE1:HD REMAKE/REMASTER AND TIE THE WHOLE GAME TOGETHER OR EVEN DO IT AS ADD ON DLC FOR RE1 REMAKE HD REMASTERAND ID GLADLY PAY $60 BUCKS FOR A DISC/STEAM COPY, OR CHARGE $6.99 PER SCENARIO OR $ 28 FOR ALL 4 LEON/CLARE A & B SCENARIOS, OR WHATEVER, ILL PAY THE DAY ITS AVAILIBE ON PRE-ORDER. ASAP.. DO IT DAMNIT... IV PLAYED RESIDENT EVIL SCENCE RESIDENT EVIL 2 CAME OUT ON PC IN 98, AND LOVED IT, NOW WITH THE NEXT GEN GRAPHICS CABABILITIES, I WANT A COMPLETE OVERHAUL OF RE2 MINIMUM PLEASE... C'MON CAPCOM..."
76561198163921749,Recommended,304240,15203633,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,A Bacon Strip,Amazing game love it its almost like the original brings back awsome memories!
76561198186381123,Recommended,304240,15203818,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,badrobott888,it takes me back in time to 1996. those bad angles are epic even now almost 20 years later!
,Recommended,304240,15272008,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Panda,"Holds up surprisingly well, and truly a survival horror. Its difficult in a way that is very different from the newer RE titles. This game is all about planning ahead, inventory management, and very little about actual fighting.There are maybe less than 50 enemies total in the entire game...and you don't have enough ammo to fight even half of them. Good luck =)I am extremely impressed with the amount of progression and puzzles they managed to squeeze into only a few maps.Only a few downsides:1. Once you unlock the ""one enemy"" that follows you around, the game gets frustrating. Its not more difficult its just...annoying. Really dislike this feature.2. Old keys are obnoxious. Also, Chris is really, really dumb heh. Jill can play the piano, learn chemistry, pick locks, survive deadly poison, and use a rocket launcher. Chris can...punch boulders...[RE5 only =D]? I know Chris' playthrough is meant to be more difficult, but man is he useless.3. No analog stick movement (at least with my PS3 controller). Getting used to the D-pad again was a bit jarring.4. On that note, playing the game with the keyboard is horrendous. Do yourself a favor and use a gamepad.All in all, a fantasticly difficult RE game, the classic that launched the series."
76561198127555848,Not Recommended,304240,14158084,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Shadows Edge,"No support.Can't play on anything before Windows 7.Can't change the keyboard layout.Well, wasted 20 bucks on a game I can't even play.Changed my recommendation to not recommended."
76561198009248361,Recommended,304240,15263560,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,scandalx4,"I bought this game wanting to see if it was worth the time and IS IT EVER!. Being a Resident Evil fan, this remastered edition is even creepier and more suspenseful. I'm hoping for the same with the other RE titles."
,Recommended,304240,15272735,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Erebar,Not sure why but the game crashes if skype is opened.
76561198035155952,Recommended,304240,15235849,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Doctopus,For a game originally released in 2002 this remake of the original Resident Evil holds up incredibly well and remains my favourite game from the entire series. Like the title says this update gives the game that HD coat of polish a lot of games do now making a game that always looked amazing even better as well as a new control scheme for people who could never get into the whole tank control thing. This release also provides new unlockable costumes and retains the multiple game modes from before to help extend what is realistically a fairly short game.This version of Resident Evil remains one of the finest games of it's genre and anyone who likes or is interested in the older style of survival horror games owes it to themselves to play this game.
76561198025459065,Recommended,304240,16307876,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,gamer11,"Resident evil is the classic horror survival game i still like the original this HD remake version is a bit like theGamecube version.Big issues i got with this game is first of the bad translation into german i played it in english.Its pretty hard- you get killed a lot of times.The item system is terrible- if you had taken to much with you and your item is full you cant take more and youcant realy give away the things.The saving points- you only have 3 color inks for the typewriter if you choose to save to early in the game you cantsave again till you found another color ink and these are realy rare in the game.The keyboard layout is ok but not perfect- xbox 360 controller is also pretty unconfortable to handle- i use my ps4 controler.The game is frustrating at the beginning nearby all the doors are locked til you get a house key or the lockpick-wich you cant use everywere-the game says you dont need it.So after playing a wile im cool with the riddles and the darkness of the game, to get through the gamein normal mode is staying patient with this game the key.If i will complete the game in under 3 hours nope sir- even i know the old game wich i never finished completly-i will finish this game hopefully sooner or later.The game is fine but is has real issues with its controlls."
,Recommended,304240,16350407,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,WHEN YOU SMILE I AM ALSO HAPPY,its SPOOKY
76561198010112719,Recommended,304240,16199431,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mr. Eff,"A good way to experience the game if you don't have access to a Gamecube. If you can get past some poor resolution backgrounds and cutscenes, everything else functions as it should."
,Recommended,304240,14155342,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Vengicus,"Resident Evil is the epitome of Survival Horror gaming and the remake was nothing less than stellar in my personal opinion. It has everything the original had and more, new game modes, more unlockables, new areas and just overall a lot more replayability. Well that is of course with the exception of Deadly Silence, I mean it was a great DS Port of the original game, but it only really added just a knifing game to the mix and a few DS related puzzles not much else, remake however soars above and beyond all expectations. Ever since I bought the remastered copy I have already beaten the game on easy Jill, normal chris and real survival jill in just nearly four sittings. Although all glory aside there are TWO FLAWS that prevent this game from being a 100% perfect on my list despite how many hours I've clocked so far.[Number 1]Now, I am more of a classic tank control person myself, it just kinda brings back some nostalgia for me, but I did have my hand at trying out the new modern control layout and there unfortunately are some minor flaws with the new control system.First and foremost the animation is noticeably clunky and unblended primarily when using the keyboard (I use a PS3 controller myself but I tried out the keyboard before all else to see if it was comfortable). The animations just kinda take away from the immersive environment not to mention the whole always running thing can sometimes be a hassle in my opinion.Secondly on the control scheme and I have noticed this on a few let's plays I have watched on youtube, the controls still are a bit well wonky. That is to say that the modern controls only apply for that screen, so if you start holding the down key and you move to another screen, sure it will still be going forward, but as soon as you press down again you'll actually be going down. It's hard to explain, but basically it is mostly prominent when the camera changes from facing your front side to your backside that the controls get a bit iffy.[Number 2]Now this one is a bit of a personal issue for me primarily out of preference. After one completes real survival mode and unlocks the Kamikaze zombie there is no way of turning him off, he will always be in every game you play from then on out unless you start a new game. I personally like to make my own resident evil challenges like say, ""Handgun only, no First Aid Sprays"" etc. So like for example I unlocked Barry's infinite handgun for completing the game in under 5 hours, now I wanted to play using just that the same game I have been playing and try to speedrun through it. Well no matter what I do now the Kamikaze Zombie is just always there with no way to turn him off.Basically what I wish this game had was a way to deactivate the kamikaze zombie because basically as soon as you unlock him it is basically a permanent death sentence the next times you decide to play the game. Please Capcom, implement a way to deactivate kamikaze zombie if we don't want it, it is an issue that remained within the original remake as well.I dont want to be nitpicky, but other than those two issues the game is a masterpiece so don't let my review detere you, definitely get the game whether you are new to the series or a returning fan, especially considering it provides support for XBOX and PS controller support despite the nostalgic feel of the gamecube controller. Not to mention buying it for the computer means you dont have to whip out the good old 2 Disc game from the gamecube you can just play the whole game through without having to get up and change the disc.Now for the big underlying question, with all these modernized improvements capcom made to this game, will they REMAKE, not just remaster, but REMAKE one of the franchises more classic titles such as RE2, or will they end up pulling another Mega Man Legends on us, only time will tell."
,Recommended,304240,14155904,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TrueMetal,Resident Evil Remaster is a refreshing escape from the homogenization of modern games.
,Recommended,304240,14156454,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Protagonist csgolive.com,Can recomend it enough.One of the few scary resident evilsIntricate Puzzles
,Recommended,304240,14156676,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lyriok,"A door scared me, this game good"
,Recommended,304240,14157031,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TryTheVeal,"You should play this game if you consider yourself a fan of Resident Evil. I don't care if you don't like the tank controls, it doesn't take a genius to get used to them and the game can be played just fine. It gives it a certain charm. Sure controlling the character feels robotic but it gives it a certain feel navigating the prerendered, yet beautiful environment. This remaster does the series great justice. Some parts of the game get added parts of the environment that are rendered real time in 3D such as plants and lights. Though some of the environments show their age, they are still upscaled beautifully. The character models look great too."
76561198042519313,Recommended,304240,14173099,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dangleberries,Excellent game loved the graphics amd game play havign a hard time finding out if i need to play as Christ  to get the key without Jill dying and hwo to get both of them to the same place i assume they meet up but starting as Chris would mean no ammo or gun starting as Jill is way better other then difficulty figuring things out it's a great remake of the first game
76561198037155358,Recommended,304240,14173246,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,-STARLESS-,CS GO bought me this10/10
76561198118654108,Recommended,304240,14158960,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,RockNinja21,"This game defined the Survival Horror Genre, seeing that is was being remastered was exciting. The game is still as great is it was almost 20 years ago and with updated graphics and a few slight addition (that don't get in the way of gameplay) it was perfect. Playing it brought me back to being a terrified 7 year old kid playing it with my older brother. Having beat it again with my brother I can say with utmost honesty that this version is definately with every penny and only being 20 bucks its a steal.BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,304240,14160362,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AgentAtomic,Only played a bit of the director's cut before but now this is one of my favourite games of all TIME. Maybe even better than RE4. Still holds up well today and it genuinely scared me a good few times.
76561198034344558,Recommended,304240,16535732,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bear Face killa,4 itchy tastey
76561198039644766,Recommended,304240,16461656,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Eek-a-Mouse,Great game that relies on actual player agency to be completed. Less about scripted sequences and more about bonkers puzzles and exploration. Its pretty scary too.
,Recommended,304240,16388825,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,=OAP= Wigamondo,Very nice remastering of the game
76561198020581519,Recommended,304240,15927646,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,lazyporter,"Same as the original just much better graphics, that makes it easier to see the details I missed playing the original. Getting use to the direction in which the character moves and where to aim the weapon is all part of the experience, frustrating but makes the game more challenging. A good game that drains your patience away but also rewards you."
,Recommended,304240,15932101,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,7AGOL,Brings back scary memories.
,Recommended,304240,15934052,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,HoppaJuice,Looks better on an old CRT but still the same damn enjoyable game.
76561197969797581,Recommended,304240,15985857,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,searden,"Utterly stunning remake... I last play this back in 1996 on my PS1 and still remembered how the story gripped me then. Now almost 20yrs later and with a new coat of paint as it were, not only have CapCom revamped one of the best (IMO) 3rd person, puzzle/horror/shooters there is, but reinvented it! Everything from the sounds, lighting, graphics, difficulty and character models are near perfect. I cannot fault this game on any aspect. The original one was a dream to play back in the 90's when 32 bit consoles ruled the roost. With this remake, CaPCom have now realized that dream.11/10 - Just buy it play it and enjoy!The only thing I ask now is that RE2, RE3 - Nemesis and RE Code Veronica get the same treatment!"
,Recommended,304240,15981956,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,jerry,cool game
,Recommended,304240,16407635,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,korruption,great game played 1st one one ps1 and loved it this one is same feel but better!!!!! RESIDENT EVIL FANS THIS IS A MUST HAVE
,Recommended,304240,16321848,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Your Ugly Vagina,Bought this game to scare the sh*t out of myself.10/10 will play for Jill Valentine's booty again.
76561198074207834,Recommended,304240,15893112,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,𝓗𝓪𝓸𝓵𝓵𝓸𝔀,"Such a GREAT GREAT classic horror game.I wish If some of the developers stop making new games and go back to old great games like this one and remake it.About play through;It can be so difficult and challenging.Make sure to save the game always when it is possible and use your ammo carefully, and enjoy solving the riddles."
76561197983784591,Recommended,304240,15945835,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DirtyStiv,Best old good horor game
76561198024917151,Recommended,304240,15961038,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ahzrael,Great nostalgia marathon
,Recommended,304240,15874515,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Pujols.heh,"PlayStation, 1996 year...This is time machine :)"
,Recommended,304240,16435746,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chu4Lyfe,dont forget to double tap
,Recommended,304240,15730600,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,tdmfan_09,Just as good as I remembered. only thing I wish I could see happen is bring RE 0.
76561198019710121,Recommended,304240,15731717,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Avitus,"This game is so scarry. I played the first one of this game to playstion 1 and this is just as scarry, but way better graphic ofc.The only down side and it is a little thing, the controls can be a little annoing when you change camera view point.But it is a great game. and a must have, for  Resident Evil fans."
,Recommended,304240,15853290,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,First Viscount General Allenby,"Quite honestly an HDR version of the 2002 Gamecube remake, and still worth it.  I have a PS2 to USB controller adapter and the control scheme feels just like the  PS1 version.  If you are using a Sony DualShock controller on the PC, set the control scheme to type e original and youll feel right at home.Words of wisdom for those who have not played this version yet on PC....you do not need FXAA to used, and yes there will be some slowdown here and there.  THis is not an action game, it is an adventure game."
,Recommended,304240,15847602,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Don't Ask,well now we wait for RE2 remaster (if cashcom loves our money enough)
76561198124810348,Recommended,304240,15700145,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ATF_Smokeykiller2,I love the Resident Evil franchise. The remaster was just even better. Hope you decide to do 2 and 3 as well!
76561197965776680,Recommended,304240,14246697,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheBedWetter,"so much fun,  played the original for PS1,  this one is just as good. graphics look great.   sounds is great.  it was much easier playing with a controller than keyboard.    other than that.  9.5/10"
76561198061597921,Recommended,304240,14264302,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lord Poopenmyer,"Sollid looking remaster.  The game itself hasn't changed from the Game Cube remake, but it's great for those of us nostalgic for the original, suspense filled style of Resident Evil instead of the shoot 'em up nonsense they seem to focus on now."
76561197974632484,Recommended,304240,14264702,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Towelie,"Killed by a Zombie, chewed up by doggies, crushed by a ceiling, eaten by a shark, decapited by a big frog.... 10/10 would die again."
76561198038291837,Recommended,304240,14266163,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MonstrousGirlie,Well it's resident evil. If you used to like resident evil and want to play it again go for it it's a really good remastering of a remake. If you want to try it out for the first time go ahead theres two different control styles so you can see which you like better and easier difficultys so you can get used to it. It's really well made and tons of fun and tends to keep you on the edge of your seat. Though there are problems that can make it a bit dull and tedious at times.
,Recommended,304240,14266171,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spartan X025,A remake/remaster done right. It aged well. Recommended for everyone.
,Recommended,304240,14268288,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TaoTao,Resident Evil fans shouldn't miss it.
76561198139966187,Recommended,304240,14270329,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,daklgg,"get this game if you like the original or remake or any of the first 3 - if you didnt play these games i am sorry for you but youve prob got 15 years more life left than me - great game if you have not played it, its full of gaming excellence and such a great time exploring  - this is an excellent game - worth the money for sure - very pretty - to run at full throttle it is quite demanding but runs well and looks great on med/high settings at 30fps - capcom have stayed true to the original and added more (i think since i didnt play the remake for gamecube-there is more for those who only played the original or directors cut) - hope RE2 is next as i will be buying it if they make it - capcom have done us fans proud - hope they can bring more of what they did/do best (original resident evil ps1 era) - maybe they'll get evil within/re creator back on board for some more survival horror! NOTE -  mouse pointer on the screen if you move the mouse but this is easily over-come by mapping the aim and fire button to what ever keys you want - they should really patch this as it creates a bad first impression :)"
,Recommended,304240,14287360,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Oskulock,"It was a great game back in 1996.It was even better in 2002.And it still holds up in 2015.What more do i need to say? The inventory management is a bit dated (As in, poor.) and the camera angles might get a bit annoying at times. But other than that it's a fantastic puzzler/horror game. Just don't buy this looking for a game like RE4 or anything later than that in the series."
76561198015752247,Recommended,304240,14185015,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hellenic_Au,The Resident Evil Re Make with updated HD graphics. This game is a classic and a must play.
,Recommended,304240,19218004,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,HazNut,spook 2 stronk
76561198029810867,Recommended,304240,14357805,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Dee,Survival Horror at its finest. Once you play this you will know why so many RE fans have been outraged by the direction RE went.
,Recommended,304240,19385504,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Malz,"This is a must-to-have game for all fans of this amazing franchise. If you are considering to buy it, don`t think twice!! I am a big fan of this version since my first contact with it in meanwhile of 1999 and I must to say: this game was INCREDIBLE on that time, and now is just majesty after have been finished up in High Definition. I definitely recommend it! :)"
,Recommended,304240,19461017,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TunaTunado*BK*,"i dont know if there are any cons.This game is amazing, the graphics, the controls, the game is fluid very smooth. brings back that fear we felt playing horror games as a kid.Definitely if you are a resident evil fan, buy it, you wont regret."
,Recommended,304240,19503207,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Megiddo,The most scariest game I've ever played. Scarier than the rest of the other Resident Evil games.
76561198032340339,Recommended,304240,19389590,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BaKoFFiCeR,"As a Resident Evil fan since the day it was lauched on the Playstation in 1996 this Episode is perfection. Unfortuantly i never owned the Nintendo GameCube to play this when it was originally launched and clearly i missed out for many years. Anyone who enjoyed the Original Resident Evil games on the PS1 this is a must buy, it will not dissapoint you!I look forward to the Remastered version of Resident Evil Zero next early 2016! :D"
76561198075685300,Recommended,304240,19469434,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Leviathan,"This is an absolute MUST for RE fans across the globe, I cant wait for RE0/RE2 remastered"
76561197999229506,Recommended,304240,19469805,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,IEF4,A HD Remake of a masterpiece.Pros- Replayability- Good Graphics- Fun Gameplay- Playstation Classic/Game Cube- PC PortCons- Graphic settings tend to need to be tweaked for most computers- Poor Leaderboards- Capcom hasn't made a Resident Evil game like this in a long time
,Recommended,304240,19853029,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Karl,Baixei só pra colocar nude mod.me julgue
76561198154101165,Recommended,304240,17762068,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,manute,my top 5 resident evil games :1 - resident evil remake hd -PC ( jill valentine !!!!! love u !!..)2 - resident evil zero hd - PC (coming soon !!! )3 - resident evil 4 hd -PC ( chainsaw guy rocks !!! )4 - resident evil 5 -PC ( i love this game !!! )5 - resident evil 6 -PC ( i love helena harper !!!! )
76561198083598316,Recommended,304240,20020423,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Horrible Andy,A classic survival horror RE. GG.
,Recommended,304240,20296696,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Merely Pretending,"Great Remake, of a remake. If you liked classic Resident Evil, you will like this. Same thing with better graphics, literally same thing. Still horrible voice acting, moments of "" OH SHOOT "" and constantly searching for ink ribbions."
,Recommended,304240,27942911,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Calamitation,"I absolutely love this game. I never played this until this very Steam version, I had only played the classic PS1 Resident Evil and holy hell; THIS is how you make a Remake. REmake, hehehe.I got tricked by the few twists and changes from the original and this game still even today holds up well, especially this PC version which is probably one of the better ports of a classic game I've ever played. To be completely honest I didn't play with keyboard and mouse so I can't say much about that, but with a controller this is truly an experience and a hella replayable game that ages very well.10/10 Not IGN. Or is that meme dead now?"
76561198070044445,Recommended,304240,27838927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Monki,Brings back some good memories
,Recommended,304240,25270619,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ransu,Same great game you remember from 2002.  My only complaint is that Capcom didn't optimize this version like they did for DMC4.  At least if you have a higher end PC you can run the game ta 60fps.
,Recommended,304240,27071729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(J.D.I.R.) K.K.,It'll never be this good again. :feeling:
,Recommended,304240,27418746,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mizu,"There is a lot I could say about this game but mainly it's a remake of a remake of the original game and there is nothing really different from the remake and very different from the original.In other words, it's not a bad game."
,Recommended,304240,27365075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shin 真 Caragenan,"The original horror house with zombies and guns.+This game is oozing with atmosphere+Still scray as the original+Nice puzzles+Graphics are well done+Changed with some new content-Bad controls-Fixed save spot (ink ribbons)-Story elements are sparce and could have been touched up more-Backtracking with the bad inventory management-The FMV intro, ending, and trademark bad voice acting are no more and have been replaced :(This is an old game with a fresh coat of paint on it. The original game design stands up well and it shows when playing. I had a ton of fun while playing this."
,Recommended,304240,27530561,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stolf,The game that I'm too scared to play
,Recommended,304240,27530074,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sethnemo,Still holds up after all these years and an important milestone for videogames at large as well as the horror genre. A must play and of historical value. The HD remaster of the Dreamcast version is the best version that is out there.
76561198071613135,Recommended,304240,27526639,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrWhiteYo,"Classic Survival Horror at its best! In this game you explore a creepy Mansion as Jill aka ""The Master of Unlocking"" or as Chris (before he took Steroids and started punching Boulders). I can fully suggest this to every Resident Evil Fan out there or in other Words: ""Wow. What a Mansion!"""
,Recommended,304240,27514506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Redacted Lemur,"The Father of Survival Horror has return.Resident Evil is probably one of mine most influential games I have ever played. Returning to the halls of the mansion is probably the most nostolgic feeling ever.Those of you who already know that has already bought the game. This remaster is really good, the backgrounds are more clearer than before and the fire effects are completly new. So thinking about by the game is diffinently a must for fans of the original.Those of you who are thining about buying the game and haven't played the original, should give the game a shot. If your interested but hesitant about the controls, don't worry. Capcom added a new controler layout for the players who shudder at the sound of 'Tank Controls', they also added in a easy mode for those feeling not so confident in the 'Survival' part of Survival Horror.Currently the price is at $19.99, but i've seen sales of this for as low as $9.99 maybe lower. So if you are thinking about this game go ahead get it, try it out and see if you enjoy it. Chances are you will."
76561198036333962,Recommended,304240,27509182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mariguana,"Perfect REmake of the original game. Some new additions and routes have been added, but it still feels as authentic and viable as RE1 did back in the day. Updated graphics are amazing, controls are great too. Buy this."
76561198016512741,Recommended,304240,27451268,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MarquisCross,"I mainly writing this review for the nomination, but it is a flat out awesome title. I selected it for ""test of time"" award, eventhough this particular remaster came out relatively recently, the game itself is much older, and I've enjoyed it time andagain throughout my gaming life. A fair bit of nostalgia is wrapped up in that, but I still think it is a staple game for thesurvival-horror genre, and definitely one you can't miss as a fan of the series or game type.The visuals, as one might expect from a remaster, are crisp and look fantastic. The mechanics are better than ever, withthe option of going with the classics, or a new, smoother set of controls for new players, or those who just flat out hatetank type movement controls. And the audio holds up, even if the dialogue is chessy as hell, but hey, thats RE.Basically, if you like survival horror games, like resident evil, but never played the first, or if you just want to re-live oneof the most iconic games you ever played (and at a great price honestly), you won't regret this purchase."
76561198063852969,Recommended,304240,27451956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Raindy_,玩过之后发现一代果然是经典，好玩，赞
76561197997614564,Recommended,304240,27235644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrostRunner,Best RE game ever(or atleast untill they remake 2 and 3) this game took the best from RE and made it insane.Buy it and thank me forever :)Only thing missing is the funny dialoge.
76561198031048331,Recommended,304240,14390798,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nero,"A close port of the GameCube version.Graphics are improved over the GameCube version but they're still nothing special.There's a small amount of mods available as well.Gameplay is focused on solving puzzles while dealing with enemies.Limited resources encourage avoiding combat, however on the lower difficulties there's little worry.Whether you're new, or have a nostalgia itch, gameplay is rewarding over multiple playthroughs.Worth the buy."
76561198058073663,Recommended,304240,27290992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clockwork Detective,"Despite being a remaster, this is still a great game. First, the game just looks amazing. While it may not be the best, I still think it looks fantastic compared to the older versions. And they even improved the controls for the remaster, making movement much more fluid and easier. But, if don't think it's the same with new controls, they still have the old-fashioned tank controls to use as well. All that aside though, it's still the same Resident Evil. So if you've played and liked the old verisons, then you'll probably enjoy the remaster."
,Recommended,304240,15817650,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Itchybum,"If you're a fan of the series or the genre this is simply a must have. Looks good, plays good and all the atmosphere and everything that made the original so great has been untouched! Higly enjoyed every single minute i've played so far!This is just an all time classic brought up to todays standard."
76561198020398157,Recommended,304240,27046096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mastermatross,"Best remaster i've played. Usually they will mess up something, like the controls will be twitchy, but they hardly changed anything and the controls are smooth. The game is exactly like i remember it, just in HD"
76561198204274008,Recommended,304240,20215636,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Master Miller,"This is a classic survival horror game with limited inventory space and ammo/items, backtracking and no handholding.Don't expect any hints on what to do next and the puzzles in the game are satisfying.Graphics overall are very good but with some inconsistency in quality concerning the surroundings plus the atmosphere of this game is amazing.It is recommended to play this game with a controller and you can use the old ""tank"" style with the D-pad or the modern style with the analog stick.I highly recommend this game for everyone who wants a great old school survival horror experience and anyone who has not played the REmake on Gamecube."
76561198070026159,Recommended,304240,27214802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knight Hawk,I glad I was wearing brown pants while I was playing this.-Nominated this game for the Need New Pants award.
76561198051245201,Recommended,304240,20379060,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Squish,"To those who dont know WTF is this: its the very first installation in resident evil series done with improved graphics.If that didnt ring any bells then i hope you'll decide to give it a try because horror games dont get any oldschool that this any time soon.If you already gotten used to the action-packed RE 5&6 then i simply cant guarantee you will have as much fun.Stuff to be prepared for:-Inventory management.An annoying aspect of this game but back in the day people used to call stuff like this a feature.For majority of times you will be biting on your fingers thinking if you;ll need to take a certain non-combat item with you or will it be just taking up space,forcing you to skip picking up some items (mainly healing herbs though,lol) and either come pick them up later or just continue ahead.You WILL have to stick to 1,maybe 2 weapons when you explore the morbid halls so you have enough space to pick up new items.-Backtracking. Yeah these games were all about it and it did give them a certain charm.So be prepared to mash the map key quite often as you will be going back and forth throughout the game.-Weird camera angles.Often times you will walk into a room and first thing you know is there is a monster there with you,only a friggin camera shows a close up of your character and you have to take few steps forward to see whats going on.Again,makes the game ever scarier to play but is also ♥♥♥♥ing confusing.♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks.The game is full of ""BOO"" moments but i personally dont think lowly of them,especially if they are so well implemented.And yeah,the camera angles.More often than not you will know when♥♥♥♥♥♥is about to hit the fan.8/10 for me,with 2 points removed for terrible voice acting and occasional framerate drops"
,Recommended,304240,20361225,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Luck,"Otimo game!Mesmo tendo jogado o clássico, o jogador se sente em uma nova trama, sem contar a perfeição que ficaram os gráficos."
,Recommended,304240,20392709,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,cfalcon,The gold standard for remakes and a timeless classic of survival horror.
,Recommended,304240,20394431,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Allison Snow <3,"A very good remake of legendary game. Resident evil 4 onward is piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥It;s good that they keep all the elements from the original.Graphic is dazzling too, a very well done remake."
76561197966632480,Recommended,304240,20445616,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"This game is a work of art. If you can learn the tank controls, it's hard not to enjoy it.  It will garantee you an authentic and classic survival horror experience. Resident Evil Remake knows what people wanted and delivers on every front. It's a beautiful port of a beautiful game with the beautiful HD treatment. It's just... Beautiful.If there was anything to complain about, it's that there isn't much new from the gamecube version aside from the  graphics and some costumes. A lot of the old prerendered cutscenes are also still very aged and not remastered like everything else.Anyway, the original gamecube version is a timeless classic that took the foundation of RE1 and built it up to be one of the best survival horror games out there, and this version is definitly a top notch/quality port and update. Seriously... give this one a shot, even if you are new to Resident Evil, because it's one of the best examples of the series (Probably the single best pre-action themed Resident Evil)."
,Recommended,304240,20480398,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr. Wobble Spanky,Good game. Played as the dude. Will play as the dame at some point.
76561198060421127,Recommended,304240,20496261,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,S1ickReed,"Great game back in the day, even better now with sweet new graphics and performance."
76561198035712740,Recommended,304240,20319086,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ultra-Violence,One of the greatest Horror Games of all time and in the top five of the best Resident Evil games.
76561198046985566,Recommended,304240,20494742,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,OogaBooga!,"One of my favorite game of all time. Takes everything that was great about the original and gets rid of all the cheese (You were almost a Jill sandwich!). The remaster looks incredible, especially the Lighting and shadows.A classic horror game."
,Recommended,304240,14082856,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,$☾☮⋓✟€尺,i like the game and i wait for the 2 old hd remaster game pls make it
76561198198271450,Recommended,304240,20525920,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Jbmc117,"This is a true horror game, this game was released back when capcom actually made games that were worthwhile playing. The only downside to this game for most newer gamers is probably the camera angle and some of the puzzles. Otherwise this game is great!"
76561198046525109,Recommended,304240,20516732,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Daedric,BEST
76561198036945692,Recommended,304240,20501835,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Jordomav,"As a big fan of the series I was very excited for this game. I had played all the other Resident Evil games and was looking around for the original gamecube remake of RE1. Luckily they released the HD version of it for PC and next gen consoles. Overall this is an amazing game and very much worth its asking price for anyone who is a fan of survival horror or wanting to get into the genre (which I highly suggest you do because it is a fantastic genre to play). Personally my favorite RE game to date and I am very much looking forward to the furture remakes to come out. That being said, buy this game ASAP 10/10."
,Recommended,304240,14156974,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Auris_-,You need More BUllets Patch PLease
,Recommended,304240,20031554,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,itsACoppa,They put in an achievment to finish the game using only the knife.....
76561198081028544,Recommended,304240,14475112,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Daddy Donald,A good remake of a good game. Not for the faint of heart. 9/10
76561198035015119,Recommended,304240,14476591,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pilot,sip
,Recommended,304240,14272188,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,CloudPoint075,"มันใช่เลยยยยยยยย .... เป็นการเอาของเก่ามาทำเป็น ของที่ โคตรเก๋า (เจ๋งได้อีก) คิดถึงบรรยากาศเก่าๆ Gameplay แบบ Classic สุดยอดLet The Justice Be Done, Though The Heavens Fall !! ใครที่เคยเล่นเมื่อตอนที่ยังอยู่บนเครื่องเกม Cube แล้วยังจำได้ ... จัดเลย"
,Recommended,304240,14273148,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Resistance,Does anybody know how to putit into fullscreen?
76561197998825270,Recommended,304240,14278922,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The Dorf,"The original Resident Evil made its debut on the PS1 in 1996 and is considered to be the genesis of the survival horror game genre. It was very well received critically and commercially and it of course spawned many sequels, spin-offs and movie tie-ins. Starting with Resident Evil 4, recent entries in the series have been more action/shooter than survival horror, but the original Resident Evil is certainly true survival horror. As important and influential as the original is, the game I want to specifically talk about is the 2002 remake for GameCube that was then ported to a bunch of other consoles. The 2002 remake contains completely redone visuals and cutscenes, alterations to gameplay, completely different puzzles and re-recorded voice acting, sound effects and music. This sounds like total blasphemy, especially to remake a game as iconic as the original. But the remake is SO well done; it's faithful to the vision of its predecessor and it's a testament to the quality of the remake that the remake is arguably even more well received than the original. Aside from more immersive sound and graphics, probably the most important thing the remake did was re-record the voice overs. The voice acting was, well, pretty terrible. I think the enhancements made in the remake enable this game to age a little more gracefully and stand the test of time as a horror game masterpiece.If you've ever played any of the other entries in the Resident Evil series, you know that the story is kind of ridiculous and throw away. There's all sorts of plot holes and inconsistencies and it can get pretty absurd at times. Most of my other favorite horror games use excellent writing to help create their creepy mood, but not really so with Resident Evil. What it lacks in storytelling, it makes up for with superb audiovisual presentation and excellent game design. One of the first unusual things you'll notice when playing the game is that it uses a fixed and stationary camera. The game is still rendered in full 3D, but the camera never moves, only the the player and enemies do. This can be a little disorienting at first, especially when changing scenes, but I'm surprised I haven't seen this elsewhere in other Survival Horror games. It makes the game feel very cinematic and gives the designers complete control over exactly what they want the player to see. In first person games or games with an adjustable camera, the designers have to design set pieces and jump scares around knowing or guessing where the player's camera will be. Resident Evil is freed up to design its scares however it pleases, and it does so very well.Resident Evil does a great job of not only creating creepy atmosphere with its audiovisuals, but also by creating stress and nervousness through gameplay. Encountering an enemy in is scary in its own right, but that fear is also accompanied by the stress of considering how to deal with the enemy. You may have a pistol, but ammo is limited. Should you still shoot it? Knives don't consume ammo, but are also more risky as you have to get close to the enemy in order to kill it. And even if you do manage to ""kill"" a zombie, it will actually eventually reanimate and become stronger and faster. You can prevent a zombie from reanimating by burning their corpse, but that means you'll have to carry around kerosene and a lighter which take up precious inventory slots. Burning corpses will also consume kerosene which is preciously finite resource. Is the corpse in a key corridor that you'll have to walk through frequently? It might not be worth your kerosene. And if ammo or health are low, sometimes the best option may be to simply run away.Another smart game design choice was the limitation of the player's inventory slots. You'll eventually find a giant crate in the game that can store all of your items, but you can only take so many of them with you at a time when you leave. You'll have to make strategic decisions about how many healing items you want to bring, how much ammo you want to bring, whether or not to bring the kerosene/lighter and you'll also want to think about how many inventory slots you want to keep open in case you find something interesting while exploring the mansion. There's also a finite number of saves you can make while playing Resident Evil, which is a really interesting mechanic that I'm surprised more games haven't copied. Your character in the game saves their progress by typing on an old-fashioned typewriter, but using a typewriter requires ink ribbons which are then consumed. When you burn through all of your ink ribbons, you can't make any more saves until you find more ribbons in the mansion. This keeps the player from just killing a few enemies and quickly running back to a save their progress. There's an ample amount of ink ribbons to find in the mansion as to not make the number of saves an annoying issue, but it still makes you think twice before making a save with minimal progress. Very smart game design.Resident Evil is a horror game classic, and the remake is a masterpiece. You absolutely must play this if you're a horror game fan, but if you call yourself that you probably already have. For those looking to test the waters of the survival horror genre for the first time, the Resident Evil remake is a great place to start. It excellently builds and maintains tension through superb audiovisual presentation and smart game design. In the most Capcom of moves, I hear they're remaking the remake for next-gen consoles and PC and it will be out early 2015. I think this is just going to be an ""HD remaster"" of the remake, but this will still hopefully give more people a chance to play this game. Shinji Mikami, the creative director of Resident Evil, also has his latest game ""The Evil Within"" coming out later this month. From what I've seen of the game so far, it looks very interesting. Hopefully he can recapture the terror and suspense he created so well initially with Resident EvilFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,304240,14253835,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,mgarro385,"If you played the first release of Resident Evil Remake on Gamecube in 2002, play it again. If you played the Wii port ""Resident Evil Archives"" play it again. This game is just a masterpiece. Capcom did a fantastic job 13 years ago in the remaking of the original 1996 classic Resident Evil. Althought some may feel the controls are ""clunky,"" it's still an amazing game and the controls are easy to get used to.10/10 - Would play over and over and over and over and over."
76561198009609307,Recommended,304240,14254295,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,coungx2,Like Old Memories! Nuff said :D !
,Recommended,304240,14254432,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,timbone86,"I was wondering why they were putting out this game again. It's essentially a remake of a remake. I kinda think that game developoers are running out of ideas and they use their best games as cash grabs. With that being said, I am actually really happy at the fact that they re-released this game on Steam. If you have a good video card then the graphics on this game looks GORGEOUS. The game itself is fun to play. It brings me back to my childhood of when I played the original and then when I played the first remake as a teen for the gamecube. I strongly recommend if you haven't played this game then getting it because it set the standard for console horror games back in the day and this remake gave it justice. It is fun to play and a must have if you love the Resident Evil games."
,Recommended,304240,14296090,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Matt,"Been waiting for this game for a long time. I'm so glad to see it's finally here. I could play this multiple times and not get bored, despite the game being so linear. That says something.It looks great and if you haven't played the game since it was released on GC many years ago, you'll probably think it doesn't look all that different to what you remember. That's a huge compliment, because how many times have you played games from the past and it wasn't what you remembered graphically?Let's hope the sales were great and Capcom sees there's enough of a market for this style of game and they redo Zero, Two and Three. Perhaps even whole entire new RE games using this style.A must buy for any RE fan, whether you are new to the series or not."
,Recommended,304240,14296814,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Xarcolt,Wanted to see how they remade what happens if I try and go back outside; got eaten. 11/10
,Recommended,304240,14299162,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Granham,"No performance issues at all on my very old pc, awesome port."
,Recommended,304240,14300032,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Sage Fist,"This game brings back so many memories, the graphics are amazing. They tweaked it from the original so it also felt like a brand new game and it brought back the feeling of ""oh crap *pause game, walk away, take deep breath* this is some scary stuff. I fell in love all over again, bringing back real horror."
76561198005978911,Recommended,304240,14301808,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Stormbringer,"If you love the game from the 1990's then you better get this one. Its awesome, and yes its scary when the zombies jump out at ya. runs great, looks great, must get it!!!"
,Recommended,304240,14255072,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Psych0Kyller,Game is as epic as always and despite being the second remake it still has much replay ability in my eyes.All they need to do now is remake RE:Zero :)
,Recommended,304240,14255904,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Floofy_Borker,"Games good. Feels just like the old one. Which it is. Exactly the same, no different, that the GC REMake.Pros:Looks nice (somewhat? Feels like Capcom polished the Mansion but that's about it. And it's a visable polishing too. Mansion looks beautiful: outside? no so much. Especially late game)Weapons feel good. Probably the best feeling guns all series. Plus you have the added bonus of headshots with EVERYTHING.Achivements! Although this is also a con.Cons:Game has some serious sound issues at the start. Voices out of sync and what not, like every other review says.Some shadows are out of place, some reflections are changed and stuff: things that WEREN'T pressent in the GC release.Achivements. Some are god damned stupid. Like the ""clear the game with just the knife"". Now I like to think of myself as a somewhat decent Resi player (not to brag but I've clocked RE3 on hard more times in one day than you've taken a dump in a week). But this ""clear the game with just the knife!"" Is stupid. I mean, Jill's armour is made of styrofoam and her knife is a bannana. I mean serriously, I died about 5 times trying to kill a single zombie with her. Not worth my time. Now I won't be 100% clearing this game like RE4. Which is a shame, because it'll anoy me.No really bad Barry puns! No Jill sandhwich's or masters of unlocking! What's going on?? (it's a joke...)The music sometimes doesn't play at all. Or sound effects.I was running this on a GeForce 660 card fine at 60 FPS. Now I'm on a 980 and this game has the same slow-motion as many other people are saying. So maybe wait till a patch until getting this if you have a powerhouse like me.Current status: 6/10. It's a good game, don't get me wrong. I love it. But the con's do drag it down a fair bit. But if you can look past it, then it's certainly worth playing (And certainly worth $20)"
,Recommended,304240,24678420,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,UsagiPrime,"This game still has the charm and atmosphere as the original with a few things mixed in. if you choose to play on ""Original"" the game is the same as the Gamecube Version if you play on Arranged it's different.I have played this game the full way through but I wasn't online so it didn't track my playtime or achievments. I did like it so much I bought it for myself and my father. We both love Resident Evil and this still gives us our Original Resident Evil fix.Pros:- Resident Evil's Roots- Actually creepy due to atmosphere- Native 16:9 and 4:3 Aspect Ratio Support- Different Modes in Difficulty and Puzzles- Price is fair for a Remaster- Few twists added in from the original 1990s release- Infinate Grenade Glitch still works if you want to have fun with it (I didn't to beat it) *It's been patched out :(*Cons:- Absolutely no support for 21:9(UWHD) and 2K-4K Screens...- Keyboard controls are meh.Reccomendations for playing the game:- I highly recommend a controller even if you never played the originals with a controller.Other Thoughts:You can streatch the 16:9 aspect ratio (Mine is 2560x1080) to fit your screen in RADEON Settings and NVIDIA Control Panel and it dose not look terrible.I managed to keep my frames at a solid 60FPS forcing  8xEQ AA + Edge Detect in the control panel with VSYNC on in RADEON Settings to help with the streatching of the 16:9 to the 21:9. (Video Card Used: MSI Gaming R9 290)"
,Recommended,304240,24660757,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Wanted to play this game for a very long time finally its on steamhighly recommended
76561198144050453,Recommended,304240,19454912,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mount And Do You,"Look, I've tried many times over the years to enjoy the original Resident Evil games. Despite being consistently praised time and again by critics and gamers alike, I could never understand why they were held to such a high regard. However, to say that I'm ""Pleasantly surprised"" by this latest entry, would be a gross understatement. I am blown away! I suppose I'll cover three areas in which I believe this game succeeds.Firstly, I cannot write this review without addressing the absolutely stellar musical score. Pacing down the main hall of the ""Spencer Estate"" all the while listening to an original score of pure musical terror, really establishes the ambience of this creepy and eerily familiar atmosphere. Every bit of music in this game is superb. However, it is the ""Save Room"" music that is especially haunting and extraordinarily unsettling. So much so, that I often mute my system completely just to avoid the inevitable painful memories that this brilliant piece of music appears to conjure up every time it is played within my vicinity. I Can't praise this score enough, It truly must be heard to be appreciated.Secondly, the ""iconic"" tank controls (that rendered the original game unplayable in my opinion) are no longer mandatory, but rather optional. This was an area that truly contributed to my satisfaction with the product. One of the main reasons why I could almost never find enjoyment in playing the original game, was because in my opinion... ""Fixed camera angles plus tank controls equals unnecessary frustration"". Well I'm happy to say that this MAJOR problem has (finally) been rectified by Capcom. Nostalgic gamers and newcomers should rejoice and take solace in the fact that now, everybody is happy!Finally, I simply must address the overall atmosphere. To be quite perfectly honest... I am at a loss of words. I guess that the worst I can say about the atmosphere is that, at certain points in the game, it unfortunately feels a little inconsistent. For instance, it is a little confusing how: one minute I could be draining a bathtub in a dark and creepy bathroom, and then the next minute be running from a shark in a brightly lit indoor water tank area. But honestly, that isn't all that important. The overall atmosphere is fantastic and usually consistent yet simultaneously varied.In conclusion, no words can describe my sheer amazement. The music is fantastic and remarkably unsettling. The controls have been greatly improved. And, the atmosphere is very reminiscent of a ""Haunted Mansion"" type rollercoaster ride. If you could never get into the franchise, I urge you to give it one more shot.A-"
,Recommended,304240,24795945,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,PhoenixJape da Big Boss,"This is, in my opinion, the definitive Resident Evil experience, as far as the classic games go.There's not much I can say that everyone else hasn't already. It takes everything positive about the original game and polishes it. It takes everything bad about the original game and rebuilds it from the ground up, making it good. On top of that, it adds dozens of new features and details. There's quite a bit of replay value here.This is THE Resident Evil game to play for newcomers. It offers classic gameplay without feeling dated or obsolete. It will probably remain my favorite game of the series until Capcom releases the Resident Evil 2 remake. That's assuming they use the same formula for remaking that game as they used for this one.Score, as a Resident Evil game: 10/10Score, as a remake: 11/10Score, as a game in general: 9/10"
,Recommended,304240,24838220,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sekrit Agent Jokie,The remaster of the remake of a classic. It one of those games you just have to have played.
,Recommended,304240,24915398,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Fleshgrinder,I played the original Resident Evil Directory's Cut on the PlayStation and I loved it. Definitely one of my all time favorites back when I was young. It is really awesome to see this HD Remaster version blowing new live into an old gem. Capcom did a really good job here. Highly recommended! Let's just hope that RE2 gets the same treatment.
,Recommended,304240,25491444,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Of Micra & Man,"As creepy with the familiar yet again dark corridors of resident evil, the one thing that was terrified of the crimson heads. The time when I first encountered them, it was frightening everytime they reanimate themselves to life to try and tear a hole in my fear, they are a brillant example why the main resident evil series is still keeping up."
,Recommended,304240,25230301,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Drowsy Ko,Wow! What a mansion!
,Recommended,304240,25405233,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,EskimoWolf,A classic brought back to life.
76561198204481713,Recommended,304240,25445548,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Anabolic Horse,I played it first when I was 13 years old.And I can still remember those classic music and the gigantic mansion.Playing it again on HD version really freshen up those old memories.Will play it again when I complete it.
,Recommended,304240,25477158,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,[USF4] ricky,Best game ever.
76561198051105746,Recommended,304240,24623257,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Badger,"Old school Resident Evil, puzzles and all"
76561198029125872,Recommended,304240,24664311,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,nick022,A classic game rejuvenated with fresh graphics. The atmosphere is spooky and the changes made make it a little more difficult in the beginning in comparison to the original RE. The survival horror returns.
76561198074111738,Recommended,304240,24562456,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Guesticles,What needs to be said? This game is a classic! Everybody needs to play it at least once.
76561197970554803,Recommended,304240,24526315,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"Awesome! This is almost like playing an entirely new game. I mean it's RE1 but it evokes the same feeling of dread and newness I had from when I first played the original.I did happen to play the gamecube version years ago and was super impressed but this is the final must have version, very crisp!Graphics are excellent and the pre-rendered backgrounds really make it a proper Biohazard game. The lighting is nicely done too, in fact I think half the reason the atmosphere is so good in this game is because of the quality of the lighting.Sounds and music are redone. Some of the tracks are recognisable, I was a little dissapointed that the dirty kitchen music wasn't as in the original but never mind. The gun sounds pack a punch.Gameplay is new! Well it's old but it feels a lot less clunky than any of the old RE 1,2 or 3 games. The quick aim is great, I didn't really enjoy the tank controlls but the ability to switch between targets with a button makes it much nicer to play. The game isn't as the original, the areas and item locations have been mixed up a little.Story wise, it's Resident evil man! I will say there is additional information regarding the resident evil/biohazard lore but in no way does it change the original story, it enhances it.A great game!"
,Recommended,304240,24401735,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Diet Mountain Dew,This game is playable as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,304240,25331348,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Capulera,"Gamecube was not one of my systems so to try my first Survival horror tile Remade from the unplayed remake was a treat! For all the prerendering and neat new unlockable costumes and items, definately worth the time to expeience a worthy HD salute to a then leap in horror. Thank You, Amen!"
76561198059680510,Recommended,304240,30862953,Posted: 31 March,all,DatBunBun,Still i think one of the best overall RE game of the series except maybe a very close second to 7 only cause both have a immerse story line and stay on task! It is well recommended to re play in 1080HD!!!! must have for die hard fans and even comes with RE 0 which is also great.
,Recommended,304240,25785141,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,GuardianIan,loved it years ago still love it today
,Recommended,304240,25649676,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sviskebisk,got so terrified of zombies popping out of corners I couldn't see that I decided to finish the game strictly following a Youtube walkthrough8/10 for the sp00ks
,Recommended,304240,24819313,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ElectricGentleman,Never have I feared ground floor windows more than in this game.I was actually reluctant to explore the outdoors. It was amazing.Plenty of spooky backstory to unravel.The graphical update is amaaaaaaaazing.Controls (old and new) are a little bit awkward at times but it might just be me.Overall 10/10 can't get over how much fun this was.
76561198224784180,Recommended,304240,25665841,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Bashful_Killer,Great game loved it alot it brings me back to the days where ps1 was barely released.
,Recommended,304240,25629175,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,H2Doom,THE survival horror game.
,Recommended,304240,14092044,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Jambies (PC needs fixin'),That feel when you will never become a Jill Sandwich
76561198169364666,Recommended,304240,25863960,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GrowinGanja,Absolutely the best remaster of the best resident evil to date. The original game is asthetically remastered to be visually stunning. They didnt remove anything or ruin anything. 10/10 Capcom keep it up and bring us 2/nemesis!!
76561198078680444,Recommended,304240,26049954,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BassaM,"Oh boy! i've wasted so much time on this game when i was a kid, but i ENJOYED it. And yes! am gonna play the whole series once again <3"
76561198044003384,Recommended,304240,25973608,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,C.M.,Almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when an enemy burst through the door while I had little to no ammo and hadn't saved in a while.This is survival horror at its finest.
,Recommended,304240,25979064,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Williamtx900,i love resident evil remake it always been my favorite survival horror series well guess what i beat it in 2 hours and 23 mins on hard without saving once its always been my childhood game on the gamecube and i cant wait for resident evil 2 remake  and resident evil 7! :)
76561198078403659,Recommended,304240,26008948,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,terae7,"Great remake, but they could have done a way better work for graphics.This game for sure deserved FULL HD.The history expansions for the Trevors are nice, but the little twist on Barry's, is vague and poor...Very enjoyable game.I'm glad to have bought it."
,Recommended,304240,25595151,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jonnyboy,"Most epic of all the Resident Evil games! I played the Original Resident Evil on a ps1 until I bought a gamecub played the remake of the ps1 version, and now I have it for my computer and love it.."
,Recommended,304240,24619638,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Kuki,"Remakes typically suck but this one is truly stunning. Compared to the very original version this is not just a graphical makeover, but they also have fixed stuff and added features. The game runs absolutely flawless and just looks fantastic. The 3D models of the characters are beautiful, I prefer them over the ones in the later iterations. Good cutscenes and generally good animations. Only the zombies come off a bit silly in their animations but that's acceptable. All in all this game builds a genuine atmosphere that the newer RE versions (4-6) dont manage to touch even remotely. The only downside of this game are the occasional jumpscares (not a fan of these in general) and the inventory hell that regularly forces you to revisit your nearest chest to move on in the level."
,Recommended,304240,24731779,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FoxClubNiner,One of my favorites games. A perfect remaster. A must play for fans of the Playstation or Gamecube version.
76561197984765152,Recommended,304240,14196036,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DarthPostalDude,"This is a remastered remake of the original resident evil which is the DOOM of survival horror games. (If you don’t know what I mean by that, it’s where it’s not the first but one that was really defining and popularised the genre)The story is that there has been several cannibalistic murders in the spencer mansion, S.T.A.R.S bravo team has been sent in and the helicopter has crash landed and S.T.A.R.S alpha team has been sent in to investigate and support bravo team with their investigations with the murders.In resident evil, you either play as Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield, the differences being that Jill has two extra inventory spaces, has a lock pick and is frequently assisted by another S.T.A.R.S member Barry Burton. With Chris, he only has six inventory spaces, he has to find basic keys to open all of the locked doors you could of opened with the lock pick if you were playing as Jill, he is much tougher and can take almost twice if not more than twice the amount of damage Jill can take, he is much better with a knife, and he is all by himself until you meet a few members of the bravo team.Resident evil’s gameplay revolves around puzzle solving, exploration and taking out monsters if you have to. The entire game is spent on going around completing puzzles to gain keys to get the next area to progress the story which these areas will be filled with monsters ranging from zombies, crimson heads (which are zombies that move quicker, have grown claws, the zombies turn into crimson heads when you’ve killed one and you haven’t blown their heads off or burnt their bodies), snakes, giant spiders, giant bees/wasps/hornets, sharks, zombie dogs, large bug things, and hunters (which are these human sized lizards). Items and ammo are really scarce and you can store items you’ve collected in boxes found in safe rooms since you have a very limited inventory system where one item or weapon takes up one space, the game is played from a third person perspective where there are only fixed camera angles. This game is also about constant decision making. This game also has really, really awkward controls with movement where it’s as difficult to drive a car only using your elbows. This remastered version also comes with a camera oriented control system, you can switch back to tank controls if you want, there aren’t any advantages from either of them, both are still very awkward, it all comes down to which one your used to the most.You have a small set of weapons in this game ranging from, a knife, a handgun, a magnum revolver, a shotgun, a modern shotgun and a grenade launcher. The knife if you are playing as Jill is more or less useless, but if you play is Chris it’s quite good for the zombies since it has a better reach and deals more damage than Jill’s knife, the best strategy for taking out zombies with the knife is to stand still and keep slashing and when the zombie gets hit once move back so it doesn’t grab onto you and repeat this process. The handgun is to be used on all enemies such as zombies and anything smaller than the player, the shotgun is to be used on bosses and all enemies larger than the player and for enemies such as the hunters and the crimson heads, or if you really want to you can blow the zombies heads off but that can be costly for when the more dangerous enemies show up and boss fights because ammo is very limited. The magnum is to be used on bosses. The Grenade launcher has several ammo types and it can be used on enemies and bosses. You also get one use defence weapons which are knives, Tasers and grenades for when an enemy leaps on you or grabs onto you.The difficulty is quite interesting, you have four difficulties to choose from, extra easy, easy medium, and hard. With this game the higher the difficulty the higher the enemy count and less ammo, so by the time you leave the mansion on anything but hard (if you look for it) you’ll have twenty to thirty shotgun rounds, when on hard you’ll only have around twelve, also the damage is slightly increased. This game is in a strange paradox with the difficulty since it’s really cruel but at the same time not so much, since you have to find ink ribbons to save and if you die you can be set back an hour or depending on the last time you saved, and with the damage from enemies most can be avoided if you know what you are doing and are prepared.There aren’t any problems with this game, pretty much all issues with the original game have been fixed, though if you are a very impatient person and/or thinks running around the same locations to unlock all areas and that you will be going back to the boxes to swap out items that you need is boring or if survival horror really isn’t your thing then you might not have such a great time playing this game, you'll possibly hate it, but otherwise if you like old school survival horror this is great and you should play this game."
76561198081966238,Recommended,304240,14790783,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,berderder,"Loved the original. And love this remake. I would only ding the developers for the difficuly in navigating the fixed camera environments and the dialog and voice acting are still pretty bad. Nonetheless, loved it. Already played through 5 times for the achievements."
,Recommended,304240,14801715,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Wolf - << Rawr !,100% worth those 20$ i only regret not having enough time to play it !
76561198156326552,Recommended,304240,14803560,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TinMan,excellent remake of a classic horror game. Really do hope they remake the 2nd and 3rd ones too.
,Recommended,304240,14804428,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,old ganso,Top3 best games ever made. GIVE RE2 REMAKE CAPCOM ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045817145,Recommended,304240,14714485,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,gh0st,"A great remake.  I was expecting the same play through, but it is different at some parts which is acutally pretty cool.  Worth getting if you enjoyed the playstation 1 verison."
,Recommended,304240,14766313,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Solidus Steve,"Enter the best game in the entire Biohazard/Resident Evil lineup. Enter one of the better non-psychological survival horror games in the industry. Enter one of my favorite games of all time.The dialog ain't cheesy anymore, but that's fine. This game does too many things right and almost nothing wrong. Seriously. This game is worthy of your time and money. Don't let the fact that the first camera anlge is centered on a typewriter in the foreground, trust me, it's not ACTUALLY that big of a problem. This game is one of the great ones, it did poorly on the Gamecube because it was released for the wrong console (nothing against Gamecube in general tho). It deserves to do well now, please buy it. If you're at all interested in having a new experience or a decent survival horror game, this NEEDS to be a purchase. I give it my highest recommendations."
76561198073908145,Recommended,304240,14426422,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Benzin,"awesome! just awesome! it brings me back to the fisrt time i played RE in Play Station One! so many memories, so many good times!!! this game it`s just great! well done capcom finally well done!!i pray for resident evil 2 and 3 remake!!!10/10 would enter the mansion again!"
,Recommended,304240,14755733,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,genervt,"It´s old, the graphics are aged, it has many flaws. Why do i still prefer this to some of the newer installments?Nostalgia? Maybe, but that´s not all. It´s the pacing. Sometimes i´m running wild to escape a beast, then i stop thinking about a puzzle or where to go next. The newer action packed REs never got the pacing right. They randomly throw me out of the immersion with end of stage statistics. Why Capcom? This is not CoD!"
76561198090142570,Recommended,304240,14736601,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,handwalker12,i've only played a little of this game but i highly recomend it to anyone who is a fan of survival horrors and I have played it for my youtube channel and it overall is a good game.If you want to see me play it on my channel here is the linkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_FIQko4ScI
,Recommended,304240,14738319,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,PookPunk,"For some reason I feel at home with this entry. The Spencer Mansion is the blueprint for the series and quite frankly the most staple setting in the Resident Evil franchise at it's entirety. This is the original Resident Evil restored in HD and oh so beautiful it is. The 2d pre-rendered backdrops still hold up well as they did back in 2002 and ooze with atmosphere. The lighting effects and camera angles make you feel like you're in a classic horror film. Ironically, perhaps something along the lines of George A. Romero's Night of The Living Dead. The atmosphere helps create a unsettling mood that is missing in recent entries of the franchise. Also, there is a new option to use analog controls which was not present in the 2002 Gamecube version or 1996 PlayStation version. I find myself using this new control method mostly for the fresh experience, but to be honest you may find that the old ""tank"" controls suit this game much better. The only thing the analog controls seem to be good for is dodging enemies. Other than that, they can get a little wonky when camera angles change. However, it's not a huge flaw, but it's a present one. Capcom hasn't optimized the game very well and many have experienced framerate drops. Luckily, the game runs smooth on my PC at high resolution and settings. Make sure you meet the required specs listed on the store page. I still think the required specs are a bit high for a game that's over a decade old. With that said, I totally think this game is worth the purchase. This is truly how I remember playing survival horror and I guess I'm one of those nit picky Resident Evil fans that prefers nostalgia over the newer action oriented direction the series has taken. In my opinion, I really wish Capcom would go back to this sort of formula. This is how I remember Resident Evil...this is what gott// me...itchy....tasty. Seriously though, kudos to Capcom for releasing this. Screw Resident Evil 7...I'm already ready for the Resident Evil 2 HD remaster!"
,Recommended,304240,14239382,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,AristeiaX,"As good as I remember it. Great atmosphere. (And dumb script... I'm a big fan, but jesus these lines are incredibly awkward.)  I finished the game in the original GC version and I'm glad more people can appreciate Rebirth now. I customized the setting (arrow keys instead of wsad, etc.) and it handles much better. RE doesn't require a lot of moving in battle unlike its successors, and the game isn't designed to have you fight all the enemies anyway.If you're uninitiated in the old RE series you might find this game a bit annoying since you have to move back and forth between the storage room and where puzzles are. But it adds more to the thrill of discovering enemies in rooms once believed to be safe."
76561198039141869,Recommended,304240,14240825,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Panos,What to say about this game..it brings back memories..In few words a must have title for every horrors fun library!+Amazing story & remake+Outstanding Visuals & Monsters+Playable Value+Many Unlocks (like different Difficulty modes & Survival)+Customes- Nothing..The only thing i wish is someday to make an hd remaster for resident evil 2 & 3..Go get it now the price is good & you will have a lot of fun ! 10/10 :)
76561197983625658,Recommended,304240,14241031,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Friar_Berger,"Really nice that they made this for computer. Have been wanting to play this for a long time, but didn't have the old game or the console for it. I give it 10/10 where resident evil 5 and 6 gets 1/10 because they suck so hard."
,Recommended,304240,14242566,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,topzeed,exclent game franshice of all time.
,Recommended,304240,14244464,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chelleesi,Fantastic remake of the first game. I'm really enjoying it. Worth the money.
76561198059785040,Recommended,304240,14381231,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,DoppleChrist,"This is amazing and beautiful! To the people complaining about slow-mo mode, it did it to me when i first started it up. For some reason, this game defaults to your intel graphics. To fix it? Go into your control panel for your graphics card and change it. Took me two minutes to figure out. Now it looks and runs amazingly with all the highest settings! Hope this helps."
76561198028184579,Recommended,304240,14383753,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lexy,"The quintessential survival horror, if you havent played this game you are really missing out. One of the best remakes i've played so far."
,Recommended,304240,14357399,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jollins,Amazing. Finially got to finish the game. It is well put together and fits in nicely into the modern day. Well done Capcom
76561198023773907,Recommended,304240,14359196,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Breytak,"I am a huge fan of the original and although this close to it, it is very much its own game aswell I have had tremendus fun playing this and it was a pleasure to play through.I think it was a good tribute to the Resident Evil I know and love but I still wish I could play the original with thses updated GFX."
,Recommended,304240,14360461,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nite_Traveler,"Great remaster of a great remake of a great game.I'll start by saying I'm a huge fan of the remake, so for that reason I'm a bit biased. I just love the mansion - exploring it, unraveling its secrets, and ultimately surviving it. This is a solid horror game, and stands the test of time to this day.For anyone who has not played the older versions, here's a quick synopsis. You and what's left of your team arrive in a decrepit, yet extravagant, mansion in the woods. You go off on your own and start to explore, one room at a time, before realizing that the place is filled with zombies and other unpleasant creatures. Armed with what you can find and with limited storage for weapons and tools, you continue to explore as you unlock your way deeper into the mansion. You'll find items which must be used or combined to solve puzzles, but remember that you can only store a few items at a time. Saving the game requires a typewriter and an ink roll, which are also in limited supply. So in addition to making your way through the mansion and solving puzzles, you'll need to manage your inventory regularly, balancing the speed of your progress with your overall safety and well-being. And the more puzzles you solve, the more the plot thickens, and the more dangerous your enemies become...This first Resident Evil has a much slower pace than many horror games these days, especially when compared to more recent installments in the series. Every time you go into a new room, you watch an animation of a door opening. The intention here is to build tension, and this worked very well back in the day, also concealing the fact that the game was loading the next area during that time. These days, that loading time isn't needed, and we're getting less and less used to loading screens, so this effect can feel a bit tedious. This is especially annoying when you're making many trips back and forth, from new areas back to your item chests and save spots. If it weren't for the limited inventory slots, the game could probably be completed in half the time. So be prepared for a slower pace - this game is not all about action and thrills.This remaster is based on a remake which originally released for Nintendo Gamecube, and this version is essentially an update on graphics, the addition of a few new features, and a port to PC. It's a joy to play this old classic once again.Now as far as this new version, let it be known that this is not a huge overhaul. While there are some graphical improvements, many of the textures and environments have been somewhat lazily upscaled using a filter. This leaves many textures looking somewhat blurry and stylized, which sometimes adds to the dingy feel of the location. While this does bring the game closer to HD, some rooms and areas really show their age, and deserved better. The recent HD remake of RE4 was upscaled in the same way. What's especially sad is that there's a whole community working on remastering RE4 with even higher resolution textures (which looks amazing), and they're not even making any money off of the project. So while this game looks good, I feel they could have done better. But for $20, I'm really not complaining.Overall, this game does look better than the last version, and runs like a dream. It ran solidly on my machine at 60fps and the character models look fantastic. It's nice to have this in my Steam collection, and there's a huge amount of replayability now with new features added for competing on the leaderboards. I'm not really the speedrunning type, but I've looked into this a bit and there are some people with some serious talent for this game. This is definitely a fun game to try again with a different character and settings, and consider making some different choices. I didn't realize how many choices and possible endings even the old remake had until now. So it's nice to have all of this wrapped up in a nice little package on my PC.Highly recommended for fans of Resident Evil, as well as newcomers who enjoy classic horror games."
,Recommended,304240,14362181,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ToMo,"This game was amazing when played on a PlayStation1 with a 30cm CRT television back in my uni days. It gave me continuous scares and chills back then (probably didn't help that I lived alone in a gutted out old shop that looked like a room from the game).Playing it now on a 32inch UltraHD monitor with an OC 260x is absolutely amazing! Still getting scares and loving that I am getting stumped in spots even though I finished it on all difficulties when I played the original. There are still parts where the graphics haven't been worked on as much and give a real feel of the 90s, but other parts are nicely textured and have had extra lighting effects added (love the mirror reflecting light near the crow cage).This should be played by new gamers and old alike. It is a history lesson in survival horror that betters some of the current crop for scares, atmophere and problem solving."
,Recommended,304240,15885507,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Noira6th,<3 Jill Valentine
76561198132271690,Recommended,304240,15863604,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Egi 23,Looks great and plays great. Recommended!
76561198339003125,Recommended,304240,28581114,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MobiusDestroyer,"As being one of my favorite horror games of all time, this is definitely the definitive way to play, 14 years on and this game has stood the test of time and age beautifully from the spiced up character models to the analog stick controls everything feels new again. If someone had to decide between the ps4 and pc ver I would tell them to get the pc ver, the 60fps helps alot. I hope when the resident evil 2 remake comes out it surpasses everything that was built on this remaster, cause its gonna have alot of shoes to fill. 10/10"
76561198006959774,Recommended,304240,14080558,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,M@R0O,"Very good game! An old fashioned survival horror, having the same atmosphere but yet with many new things. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304240,23916959,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Michael Jackson,"Played this a long time ago, met a zombie that scared me so bad I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Promptly didn't play it again.10/10"
,Recommended,304240,31146657,Posted: 14 April,all,GreenSkull,"This game is awesome, it can get very difficult managing your ammo and dodging zombies. Resident evil throws you a challenge , especially if its your first time playing the game. This is not an action horror survival game and you need to plan out your moves carefully or youll either run out of ammo or die so choose your battles. The puzzles took me a bit because you have to use the vaugue clues around the area to get it without a guide. I also loved the envirnoment, very eerie, made my heart pump but overall very entertaining. Im gonna play it again. Might as well there are two different characters to choose from and both Jill and Chris have different perks to change the way you play the game."
76561198013892843,Recommended,304240,28067616,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mannis - ShiningPhoenix,I played the original as a child in 1996. I've been afraid of wardrobes ever since.
76561198159070746,Recommended,304240,30181951,Posted: 25 February,all,i luv bombs,Great Resident Evil game to start with
76561197997709219,Recommended,304240,31331204,Posted: 23 April,all,drrrtysanch,"Good port. First time I ever played it. Was spooky when it needed to be, due to the locked camera. Fun to play. Might play it again in a year or so"
,Recommended,304240,31208552,Posted: 17 April,all,-Octavian_Emilius LXXVII-,"This is a classic, a must play. 8/10"
76561198277161055,Recommended,304240,28350513,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dr. Jan Itor,Honestly this game is one filled with memories from my childhood. I played the 2002 remaster when it came out and i can remeber hours i spent tring to figure out the highly detailed landscape and puzzles. This and Silent Hill 2 are the best that the survival horror genre have on store. This is a must play for everyone. Its sad that the series begn to decline after 4 but the revitialization of the series will hopefully lead to equally great games comparable to this on.-Amazing lore-Beautiful/spooky atmosphere and scenery-Survival means something in this game-More about survival than action but if you're an action hero type you can totally do that!-Ability to examine every inch of the Mansion-The more you explore the more the plot is revealed-Jill SandwichHonestly this game is a must play a serious 20/10
,Recommended,304240,31490165,Posted: 1 May,all,justinroffol,Lve this game.I just love Resident Evil series
76561197978636729,Recommended,304240,30513787,Posted: 14 March,all,SkyRunner33,"I love the ""Resident Evil"" series and my favorite episodes are the first and second. The first time that I played this remake (this version is an remastered of an remake released for GameCube) was many years ago on GameCube, when I played again this game some month ago I felt the same ancient emotions. The mansion has more rooms (and the game more locations) respect the original game released in '98. In my opinion the graphic e sound are not so bad, the pre-rendered backgrounds look photorealistic and the music makes the game even more frightening. I hope Capcom will make a remake like this one for the second episode, anyway I really liked Resident Evil 7 in VR."
,Recommended,304240,31936376,Posted: 24 May,all,DiaoBee,Classic and that is what I'm looking for
,Recommended,304240,29322795,Posted: 17 January,all,that ice guy,i want jill to crush my head with her legs
76561198045389894,Recommended,304240,32068891,Posted: 30 May,all,James Earl Cash,"Timeless classic! Some old-school flavour might annoy younger players (saving system, item boxes)"
,Recommended,304240,32214169,Posted: 5 June,all,Glacier Wolf,"Have had experiences with the early Resident Evil games before and I can tell it still holds up in terms of giving players, adrenaline rush and paranoia. The fixed camera angle that is used in the game also gives players the extra fear since it makes everyone feel vulnerable and the camera angle usually does not change until you have turned the full corner with the possibility of a zombie or some other BOW waiting to kill you. For some reason though it does not go full screen whenever I play it which is not really a big deal, but it is annoying since every other game that I have played besides Resident Evil 0 can go full screen."
,Recommended,304240,32214482,Posted: 5 June,all,OGMoney,"Awesome game. Enjoying it a lot. Makes you think, it's not just a shooting spree. Hope steam gets more early Resident Evil games."
,Recommended,304240,29042102,Posted: 5 January,all,Cosmic,"How remasters should be done; an excellent, highly curated, well paced game of tension from beginning to end. Great for those wanting a nostalgia kick whilst still getting a few surprises, as well as a history lesson for newcomers on classic survival horror."
,Recommended,304240,28656730,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Diggler,"When I was growing up in the late 90's I was always a Nintendo kid. They were the first experience I had with gaming....I loved Mario 2 growing up I can still jump across whole levels with Luigi. But when Playstation came out I had little interest I saw Crash and thought he was a cheap rip off of Mario. Then I saw Resident Evil.I had never seen anything like it. I loveddddd horror movies as a kid and still do today I was blown away. It was bloody and spooky games werent supposed to be like that. I simply had to have this game.  And after I finally saved enough money for a Playstation I got my first copy of Resident Evil Directors Cut and everything changed. That was 1997 I was 11 years old then.Now fastfroward to when I am 16 years old starting high school and I saw a Resident Evil remake for the Purple Lunchbox and I knew I had to have it. Again it was a game changer.....I could only play it during the day time at first the game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me! The more I played the better I was getting just dodging zombies saving ammo getting all the guns. Even starting to speed run the game playing the additional game modes like Inviusible Zombie Mode and speed running that. I loved this verison of the game so much reminds me of high school sneaking out to smoke some pot and playing RE on my Wavebird Wireless Controller.Fastforward about a week ago. I am now 30 years old and I was crusing the shop and I saw this got a HD remake for the PC along with Resident Evil Zero and they were both on sale for under 20$. I knew I had to get them just like the old feeling  back when I was a kid. I love this game Resident Evil, Resident Evil 2, and Resident Evil 3 are classics.I really loved 4 but it took the game in another direction that I didnt really care for at the end of the day. And well  7 is going even further away from what I think makes the series amazing. It may sound dumb and maybe I am just getting older but these titles that were basically the Racoon City Arc if youre following me is what makes Resident Evil an enduring fan favorite.I love this verison of the game. Its once again a great port to the PC and works very nicely with my Steam Controller beautiful graphics and again another great telling of the game that started the whole Survival Horror game genre. One down side of the updated verison of the game is all the updates to the opening of the game and re wrties to the games dialogue. I loved the old Live Actors in the 1996 verison of Resident Evil. And no Jill Sandwhich? Come on.Pick this game up if you have never played it or even if you have. Its awesome youll love it."
76561198121756933,Recommended,304240,28700577,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pwaddell4891,loved it ! highly recommend!
,Recommended,304240,28329021,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,wallcrawler93,"Of course I was excited when I heard Resident Evil was coming to STEAM, honestly wish CAPCOM would put all titles on STEAM, CAPCOM would definitly profit from it... However, this game is bugged and has slow-motion in some parts of the game... some people claim it's fixed but my game still has this problem. I would definitly recommend this game if you can look past that bug. I still play it regardless!"
,Recommended,304240,27579294,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alkimical,The best survival horror.
,Recommended,304240,20723763,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DG | Tom Da Bomb [S] [D] .tv,"★ ★ ★ ★ ★K for Resident Evil games i always try to look at them in terms of how good of a game it is of that genre, and how good of an RE game it is.1) This 3rd person survival horror game features puzzles and problem solving tasks as well as some mild paced action, the camera angles help hold suspense as well as constantly wandering through the same areas to find new creatures have appeared and with limited ammo it can get intense and insanely frustrating lol. Definitely a game for those that like an adventure and to figure things out.2) As far as Resident Evil goes this is about as good as it gets, has that great 3rd person camera and mild paced action that made RE popular. Not that i dont like the new RE games coming out now but now its just straight up 3rd person action horror with no real relation to the original story other than they try to use the same characters.The only thing better is getting out the old playstation and the original RE1 directors cut and jamming out. The Remaster was done decently well, unfortunatley they changed some stuff from the original RE1 that came out but all the important stuff was left the same, so original Resident Evil fans get ready!- Has all the graphics options and doesnt require a fixed fps, so you should be able to adjust the settings for lower end pcs."
,Recommended,304240,28712863,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Albert Wesker,"This is how you remaster a game.Being a massive Resident Evil fan, I had high expectations for this game, but I didn't expect how good it would actually be.For those who don't know, REMaster is a fresher, more detailed version of the Gamecube release, which was a remake of the one and only, Resident Evil 1, which was, in it's time, one of the most popular games on the Playstation One. REMaster stays true to it's former self but at the same time, looks and plays like a totally new game.Most of the puzzles have been revamped, so much that I found myself searching the forums for solutions. I expected to whiz through this game as I thought my knowledge of Resident Evil 1 would carry me through, this was true in only a couple of occassions.The game itself is very well built, it ran very well on my laptop (GTX 950m, i5 2.8 GHz, 8GB RAM) and only crashed once. It has full 1080p support, and gives the player the option to use the classic '4:3 ratio) that was utilised in the Gamecube version.The only complaint I have with the game is that the pre-rendered environment backgrounds look outdated, these were not updated unlike the game's textures.I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is brave enough to play it in it's entirety ;)"
,Recommended,304240,29129300,Posted: 8 January,all,Discreet Noob,Great game but the inventory is too damn small.
76561198044517522,Recommended,304240,29135380,Posted: 8 January,all,DrippyPen,"""I wanted to play this game to be festive in October for Halloween.  However, I couldnt figure out the first damn puzzle so I youtubed a guide to beat it before the month ended.  6.3 out of 10 because I found myself jumping at those scary little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean Sea-Men!"" - Lance Bass"
,Recommended,304240,28946227,Posted: 2 January,all,Scotch_Egg,"A good trip down memory lane. For those that never played the gamecube version, there is actually a nice bit of new content. I'd only ever played this on the PS1 and was quiite suprised at the way things were mixed up. Controls are still a little clunky but not as bad as before and the graphics look suprisingly decent thanks to the lighting. Very enjoyable version of a classic game, if like me you haven't played this for going on 20 years, it's an enjoyable experience with some fresh little twists and mix ups."
,Recommended,304240,28951675,Posted: 2 January,all,Luna Luck,"Amazing remake of the very first game I ever played on the playstation! Excellent game, better graphics and voicework!~"
,Recommended,304240,28954658,Posted: 2 January,all,kamiltutor,"The Resident Evil 1 for the first Sony Playstation is my most favorite game ever. This originaly Gamecube remake is a great restoration of the pure survival horror experience. It have an absolutely great visuals for the original release time, but now some pre-rendered background scaled to the HD feel little bit outdated. But this game is about an expirence and thas amazing! Best Resident Evil game ever realeased. For me."
76561198002561766,Recommended,304240,29024819,Posted: 4 January,all,Sherbert T Cat,"The game has aged well, thanks to one all important change, the controls. You are given the option of dumping the old tank-style controls, for proper ""left is left, up is up, etc"" control setup. While it can get tricky in spots where the camera changes, it makes the gameplay feel fresh. That's especially important considering the source material is a bit on the stale side itself."
,Recommended,304240,28317455,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,chris,"Resident Evil / Biohazard HD REMASTERA Classic Never DiesBY CHRIS--> As I creep though the familiar-yet-eerie corridors of Resident Evil, I can't help but feel terrified of Crimson Heads. Even 12 years after I first encountered them, it's genuinely frightening every time they spring back to life to try to tear a hole in my esophagus, but they're also a great example of why Resident Evil still holds up. While inconsistent art and persistent clipping problems give away that this is an update of a 1996 survival-horror game, the scares, puzzles, and atmosphere of the creepy corridors of Spencer Mansion are as potent as ever.Ever since the tweaks made in the 2002 GameCube remake, Resident Evil has been a tense game of resource management. The makeover to the many rooms, puzzles, and monsters give it an edge that significantly surpasses the original game. Every zombie you spend precious ammunition to kill becomes a ticking time bomb that’ll turn into something much more deadly if you don’t dispose of them properly with fire or headshots.That persistent danger is what makes the frequent backtracking through this labyrinth of locked doors something more interesting than typical busywork. As Resident Evil uses adventure game-style design to send you looking for keys and objects that have to be examined closely to solve puzzles, then brought back to the right location, you can feel the stakes rising as the chances of getting mauled or caught without the right resources increase.Resident Evil is a gauntlet of twisted monsters and hard decisions. Make the wrong choice or take too long on some objectives, and sometimes you’ll pay for it with the death of a comrade or missing out on precious resources. It’s punishing at times, and managing the different inventories of two playable characters forces you to be smart and frugal with regard to what you carry with you. The constant pressure makes it a difficult game to play by design, but one that still manages to be fair.This HD remastered edition of Resident Evil looks pretty good on the new-gen consoles, thanks to 1080p resolution and some nicely touched up backgrounds and textures, with the PC version offering the highest settings and a nifty option to switch between 60 and 30 frames per second. The biggest improvement across all versions is the ability to scale the experience the way you want to play it. You could choose between 4:3 or 16:9 aspect ratios, and you can swap the original “tank-style” controls for a more modern setup that moves your character in the direction you push the stick.As an old fan I prefer the original controls, but the new controls help make Resident Evil accessible without sacrificing the tense nature of combat. You still have to stand your ground in order to shoot zombies and deal with the pressure of enemies getting closer. Since most face-offs happen in tight spaces, it’s not super easy to pull a juke move on multiple zombies, even with the new controls. Purists can have it the way the designers originally intended. Newbies can jump in and not completely break the game.Dimly lit rooms with ambient effects like lightning or floating dust particles are some of the best to look at in this update. However, some backdrops look garish under a lot of light, and there are some noticeably blurry textures and pixelated art. I’m also disappointed that the major clipping problems still haven’t been fixed. Maybe in the next remake, Capcom?--- The Verdict ---I love coming back to Resident Evil, and this version does a good job of updating the look and feel of an old game for a modern audience. Some of the older visual flaws detract from the experience and pulled me out of tense moments, but the gameplay hooked me right back in. Resident Evil relies on atmosphere, tough limitations, and danger creeping around all corners, and this port recaptures the formula of a classic, relentless survival-horror game."
,Recommended,304240,29008554,Posted: 4 January,all,Bootydoo,"This is a beautiful remaster of an excellent game. There's puzzles, theres shooting, there's running, and then there's all three mixed together. The story is interesting to follow and the item system is wonderfully done. There are two main character's story lines that you can follow, and they do differ slightly, however, it's generally the same layout. This game has replay value and can actually take awhile the first time through.It's the perfect starting point for newcommers to the series as it shows the more original, classic rendition of resident evil, along with its more inquisitive gameplay."
76561198000364532,Recommended,304240,30802398,Posted: 28 March,all,Gunsalves,The best resident evil in my opinion. Although I really liked 4...but the games became action games from 4 up. For a game that was released in 96 this remaster looks pretty decent. The little amount of items and saves in this game make it a real challenge. The game left me clueless and wandering a few times. You really need to pay attention to everything around you.  Really the only bad thing i can say about it is all the time I spent backtracking because of the limited inventory space. I haven't played 7 yet but sounds like it's no challenge to it. I've read that there are basically no puzzles so I'm sticking with this one for now.
,Recommended,304240,23192469,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BlownHappyKid,"This remake of the original 1996 version doesn’t restrain itself from entering territory to cause audiences to experience revulsion and consternation while still being enlivened by its irresistible story and characters. The retelling of this horrifically flawed masterpiece is engaging, immersive, and truly delivered what the fans of the Resident Evil franchise beloved and hated since it began.Though not a perfect game by featuring constant backtracking, fixed camera techniques, and limited control scheme, there’s enough bonus material including exploration among the decisions players are responsible for at their own risk to keep the replay value sustained for hours.If you have the willpower to accept a challenge - enter this world of survival horror!"
76561198049018683,Recommended,304240,24082785,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dyana Banana,All time favorite series! Great game!
,Recommended,304240,26666057,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[EXE] Dimiri,"A great remake of a game i have played on GameCube a few years ago. Good controls, very instinctive."
,Recommended,304240,29132029,Posted: 8 January,all,B34N0,Everything from the atmosphere to fighting the stationary camera angles makes this a tense experience from start to finish. Graphically most of the environments look great with a few that are lacking texture but overall the game looks much better than the orginal version.The controls take a little getting used to and it is quite frustrating when your trying to run from something and your character changes direction everytime you encounter a new camera angle but I think overall that just adds to the games charm. The rather slow pace and confusing puzzles wont be for everyone but overall the REmake is a great way of understanding and appreciating the franchises roots. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,304240,29812590,Posted: 9 February,all,Imperial_Bacon,Definately the definative version of one of the greatest horror games ever made. Just buy it and not regret it later.
76561198062481627,Recommended,304240,29777662,Posted: 8 February,all,ScolioReset,"I've beaten the Resident Evil Remake at least a year before the Remaster was confirmed by Capcom so I can definitely talk about it.I consider this game, specifically this one, to be close to absolute perfection... if it's not already perfect. No, it doesn't have the best emotional moments. No, it doesn't have the most serious sequences of action of intensity. When it comes to puzzles, design and threat... everything is married together in a way that most horror games... if not any horror games... wish to. In fact, I don't even think that, 15 years later, any game has come close to replicate the atmosphere and the beauty of the tense gameplay from the REmake.We can all appreciate the Amnesia or Alien: Isolation or even the FNAF or Outlast... something about Resident Evil Remake makes it clear that it was built with effort, integrity and passion: the Crimson Head! Shinji Mikami loved his project, he loved what he did with Resident Evil despite the fact that Capcom has rushed the multiple ports including the ""uncensored/Director's Cut"" editions. The REmake is THE Director's Cut of any game, the ultimate REMAKE. It's more than a dumb remaster with graphics being the only upgrade yet having the issues of performances or controls. The Crimson Heads are the definition of Resident Evil. They are scary!The second you go in the first cabin in the woods after discovering the secret from the Crypt, you know you're up against something creepy and... I can't say more.The Remaster Edition of the Remake is a little too colorful in my opinion yet the product is perfectly playable, for me, on the keyboard and mouse. I just wish we had the same original music for the dining room sequence. Other than that, I've little to no complaints. Yes, there's a lot of fetching but it serves a purpose in this game. It was built around fetching. After all, most horror games don't allow you to interact nowadays. They are as dumb as they get.Besides that, I'm happy that this game exists for others to appreciate. This is the BEST that Resident Evil ever got. Easily in my personal Top 5 games of all time. If you never played a game from this franchise, this is the title to begin with. I don't think you will need to play another one from this franchise after this because... you won't find any better."
76561198235154516,Recommended,304240,26592303,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dubz1944,"It's not Resident Evil 2 Awesome but it still kicks♥♥♥♥♥ The best part? There is a Mod that puts the original 1996 Bad Voice Acting Director's Cut Dialogue in. Basic you get hear ""That was too close! You were almost a Jill Sandwich!"" Could use more Hunk. #NeedsmoreHUNK"
,Recommended,304240,29734679,Posted: 5 February,all,DxG|m0nk,Brought the fear back to Resident Evil in my opinion.Excited to see what Resident Evil 2 Remake will look like.10/10 - A great game that is a must play if you are a fan of horror
76561198012312326,Recommended,304240,29756130,Posted: 6 February,all,QF | JediLink,Great game. The Spencer mansion is like one big puzzle box that's both terrifying and thrilling to explore.
,Recommended,304240,14175130,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,thehuskygt,"This is the third time I erase my review and write a new one. My finally review is a definitive possitive!After a bumpy start due to a tricky software setting, I am finally enjoying what I already knew was a masterpiece of gaming history. If the 2002 Game Cube Resident Evil Remake STILL looks up to date and could easily give a PS3/Xbox360 game a run for their money, this Remaster version will absolutely blow your mind.The textures are so beautiful, the reworked light effects impressive, and the new sound is crisp as it can get. It is still the old 2002 Resident Evil that we all love, which is good, but it's gotten a new shiny paint job!IMPORTANT: This game is surprisingly demanding. If you get this game, make sure that you meet at least the recommended requirements.Also, after you install the game, make sure your computer is running it through your GPU and not an integraded graphics chip.Don't be fooled by the fact that your PC can run more modern games. If you don't take these advices, then get ready for the ultimate lag fest.EDIT: 4/8/2017Even after that possitive review, eventually the game started lagging again on my old rig (gtx 750ti some 3.0ghz i5 and 12 gigs ram). Gave up on it for almost a year. I got a new gaming rig now (gtx 1070, i5 6600k @ 4.2, 20gb ram). It took this kind of hardware power to finally get rid of the lag and slow-mo.Honestly, with a higher resolution, bigger monitor and better hardware, I can't really say this game looks as good as what they did with RE Zero Remaster. Just beat that game, ran flawless and the graphical improvements were near perfect. This game... not so much. Lots of low res backgrounds, and even the fully remastered ones are  a bit blurry. Other than that, the game runs perfect."
76561197972442783,Recommended,304240,30062107,Posted: 20 February,all,Skarhead,"I still prefer Resident Evil Director's Cut on PS1 (or PSN), simply for the nostalgia.  That said, the gameplay remains the same, however it is longer and more detailed than the PS version since this is based upon the Gamecube HD release.  Resident Evil 1 and 2 will forever be favorites of mine, can't wait for the remaster of RE2.  Anyone into the Resident Evil series should own this, while it's not action oriented like 4,5 and 6, or as terrifying as 7; it's a classic/gem all to itself.Played perfect, never an issue on my i7, GTX 960m, 16gb RAM, xbox 360 USB controller."
,Recommended,304240,29290602,Posted: 15 January,all,BallisticCrow,"AWESOME GAME!I played this game back when I had a gamecuber and did it again with my awesome PC it runs at 1440p with no issues whatsoever....The OG Resident Evil is one of the best Survival Horror games ever made, this game defined the genre...$20.00 is not a bad price for such a good game"
,Recommended,304240,29433272,Posted: 22 January,all,Fluttershy,"Before you read this note that I've played and beaten the original Resident Evil.Not a bad game. I'd personally give it a nice 9/10. It kept me entertained for hours (even though it says I played it for a whole 7 minutes at the time I wrote this), and it had good puzzles. The only thing I didn't quite enjoy was the Crimson Heads. Yes, the infamous, well known, Crimson Heads... Sure I left every last one of them alive through the game, that wasn't a problem. However when they showed up for the first time, I was just thinking, ""Really? I killed you already... You're actually kind of boring..."" Other than those, the game was fun. The Tyrant fight took a whopping minute to complete. Mind you this is the final boss fight in the game, and arguably the hardest to fight... I don't care who you are, you shouldn't be able to destroy a boss that easily (especially if you're as bad as I am...). I beat the game in a fairly casual time of about 13 hours. Go ahead and say I'm slow, I don't care... All I know is that when I beat the game, I expected ""Once Again Mode"" to be a sort of New Game+ feature like in Resident Evil 4 where you load your save and continue with what junk you unlocked the first time around (seeing as you save after you beat the game), but no! No, you actually just get a new menu screen, you unlock Hard difficulty, and you can tell more easily what difficulty is what (even though they're fairly obvious). But yeah, I rationed every bullet, gas can, and healing item until the end, just to be told that I can't play with them next round...All in all, the game was nice, graphics are pretty, the defense items helped, the new music was cool, and the gameplay felt much easier than the original version, but if the New Game+ feature was in this game, I'd give it a solid 10/10, it is that good..."
76561198100439658,Recommended,304240,29494902,Posted: 25 January,all,Gerald_Tiger,"A classic game reimagined...and now on HD. This is really a masterpiece in the survival horror genre. They also included a couple of costumes from Resident Evil 5, which is a nice addition. Overall a very good game if you are into survival horror.9/10"
76561198312189234,Recommended,304240,29133620,Posted: 8 January,all,Taybro,I still have my physical Gamcube remake copy of this in like-new condition with my receipt from EB Games. Love this game. I'm glad that on PC now I don't have to repurcahse every remake in case my system dies or my copy breaks or whatever. Amazing game. This is survival horror.
76561198334780589,Recommended,304240,29307963,Posted: 16 January,all,idkHowToPlay999,"I love this game! With around 14 hours played on this game for the Xbox One and no where near the same amount of time played on the PC version of the game, the game is still amazing, I running a decent resolution and 60fps, the game looks great. But more importantly the game is creepy as hell! This game defines the words ""survival horror"" with limited carrying space, great music or sometimes no music at all, terrifying atmosphere, the zombies look awesome and the monsters are great. The most terrifying thing for me in this game are the Crimson Head zombies, wow they are scary. For example, you walk into a room or hallway, there is no music in the background and all of the sudden you hear running in your speakers, the camera angles are fixed so you cant see what it is until its right behind you. Thats the worst part, you can see them until they right in your face. The puzzles are great, there is a lot of backtracking, there was for me at least, that can get quite annoying, but overall, this game is why I am a Resident Evil fan in the first place! Too bad Capcom drifter away from this type of survival horror after Resident Evil 4, but this game folks...is a must own for ANYONE who is a fan of survival horror or if you're a fan of Resident Evil in general. Have fun!FYI: For full effect, play with the lights off, and if you have a great pair of surround sound headphones, use 'em! That is the best way to play this masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,304240,29315387,Posted: 17 January,all,KOOPY SANDWICH,Spoopy/10
,Recommended,304240,29421265,Posted: 22 January,all,Aravzil,Haven't had the time to play it a lot yet but I'm loving it!It brought back so much memories from the first game on PS and yet there's just enough new stuff to surprise you again. It looks like the GameCube reboot game that I never had the chance to try because I never owned one.I would definetely recommend the fans of the early games to pick it up!
,Recommended,304240,29409003,Posted: 21 January,all,Pimpollo,Excellent survival-horror experience. Play as Jill to minimize inventory frustrations.
,Recommended,304240,30056896,Posted: 20 February,all,|LZ| Caleb,"Same as the original one, except this one is beautiful.Also, Jill's♥♥♥♥♥is in HD 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,304240,31033513,Posted: 8 April,all,drowZebra,"As someone who started the Resident Evil series at RE4, it was cool to experience the origins of the games.Some of the puzzles are fun, and give you a good feeling of accomplishment when you solve them.It is a lot more puzzly than a lot of the other games, and some of them have not aged well. A lot of puzzles rely on the player knowing whether or not they interacted with all background objects in the room, and later on in the game where there are multiple rooms with red zones (items not yet picked up), it gets annoying to run back and forth to check rooms.Locked doors work nicely to limit your search area to check at the start of the game, and focus player exploration.Another issue is early on in the game, when the game does not keep track of which doors on the map are unlocked by which key, and there are 4 types of locks or more depending on how you include them.It's honestly one of the scariest RE games I have played. You run past enemies a lot and limited ammo/item slots is always a concern, so it makes just getting around the house incredibly tense. Enemies just off camera can lunge out suddenly, which keeps exploration really exciting.Limited item slots, even for puzzle items and limited save items, does get frustrating at some points though, as it leads to a lot of backtracking to swap out items.Overall, I would say that if you are a fan of any of the other RE games or if it is even your first entry into the series, it is definitely worth a try."
76561198072016257,Recommended,304240,32300474,Posted: 9 June,all,disol1712,"Resident Evil classic from PS1 remodelled, retextured and remastered in HD with no damage to original atmosphere. What are you waiting for? Grab it!"
,Recommended,304240,31675768,Posted: 10 May,all,(F19) SmarOneNine,"If anyone doesnt like this game im sorry but i have little to no respect for you because this game is a true classic and one of my favorite games ever!  Going back to my childhood with this one it was the very first game ive ever beat start to finish and it was also the first game that scared the crap outta me! Remember the dog through the window? OMG!  lol , The game definitly still holds its own after all these years and i highly recommend it to anyone who likes the franchise and this being a HD remaster makes it that much better!   if i had to knock one thing about the game it would be the horrible voice/acting lol i forgot how bad it was , But still VERY playable!"
,Recommended,304240,32235184,Posted: 7 June,all,Aya,one of the best survival horror game with spooky environment and music
76561198053077312,Recommended,304240,32401974,Posted: 13 June,all,torkt,"Do you remember (an like) the original residents?Do you hate dodging attacks by performing overcomplicated acrobatics?Do you love not being able to control your camera?Can you help running away from anything that midly resembles a threat?If you answered yes to any of the previous questions, then this game is for you"
76561198091934139,Recommended,304240,31939812,Posted: 24 May,all,RobKa,Great game. Decent port.
76561198029207480,Recommended,304240,14117260,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mr.X,Must buy if you played original! Its a back in the past trip.
76561197995196273,Recommended,304240,33556708,Posted: 15 July,all,j.lmcmaster,"a remasterded version of the original this game is very good.the story is as good as i remember all those years ago.but like the original, there are some puzzles that you will just wish would go away, never to return.Add this game to your library and relive the horror in HD"
,Recommended,304240,33549184,Posted: 14 July,all,Chitsuki,Good Game
,Recommended,304240,33558359,Posted: 15 July,all,Childofrock,"They sure don't make games like this anymore. It's the best way to relive the original as well as the best way to simply step back into an era of the video game industry full of inovation and creativity.It's less is more approach to horror still works to this day. Atmosphere and location is everything in this game.The voice acting is a step above its live acting B-Movie source material (the original Resident Evil/Biohazard) but not by much. Still, I believe that adds to the charm.Play if:You like puzzlesChallengeCreepy atmosphereExploringDon't play if:You are looking for a quick game (though time running this game in under 3 hours is possible)Want something like RE4 and aboveDon't like slow paced gamesAren't good with puzzlesLet's hope the RE2 remake is just like this. Faithful to the original while expanding on it in ways that don't fundamentaly change it."
,Recommended,304240,33562117,Posted: 15 July,all,meteorpunch,I played the original Resident Evil on PS1 extensively and the Remaster definitely does it justice.
,Recommended,304240,33582697,Posted: 16 July,all,Cheles,"This game is pretty addicting.I never had a chance to play the original (the first Resident Evil I played was RE3:Nemesis - which was awesome, btw) so I picked up this game at the first opportunity I had.If you have played any Resident Evil that came out before the 2000, you already know what to expect of this game.Newcomers be warned that this is nothing like RE5 or RE6. In this game you have to plan ahead. Unless you play on easy difficulties, you have little amunition and health items, so sometimes you have to avoid fights entirely. You also have limited inventory slots, and have to combine items to solve puzzles (and some of those puzzles are a little challenging).On a side note, the camera angles are fixed and sometimes I found myself walking on the opposite direction of where I wanted to go, due to the sudden transition. Other than that, I have no other issues with the game. I found zero bugs or glitches.Summarizing, it's a classic survival horror game. If you like this kind of genre, pick it up. You won't regret it."
76561198184726013,Recommended,304240,33574394,Posted: 15 July,all,Termutis,"Very hard and terrifying. If you are a fan of survival horror games, this is a must."
76561198049220168,Recommended,304240,33709579,Posted: 21 July,all,Puppy Wehtam,"This game is the best remake I have ever come across though I'm a bit bias since I love Resident Evil since the original. If you hate tank controls and don't like the classic Resident Evil static camera angles then this is not the game for you. This is a remake of the original Resident Evil now in HD and it keeps true to the original games with controls, static camera angles, and everything else. Some people say these controls and camera angles are outdated these days but I find this system still holds the charm it had and always will be my preferred method of playing Resident Evil games. I still enjoy Resident Evil 4,5,6, ORC, and the other games with their methods of play but if a remake of 1,2,3, CVX, Outbreak, or any others with the classic set up was done I feel removing the tank controls and static cameras would change the entire experience and it just wouldn't feel as good as the originals.So please Capcom use this game as the example to follow when making remakes of the older titles because this is how they should be done. If you ever remake Resident Evil 4,5,6, ect... that use over the shoulder then keep them over the shoulder, if you remake Resident Evil 2,3, CVX, ect... that use static cameras and tank controls then keep them that way.I rate this game a 9.5/10 since it works perfectly on the PC as it done on any other system, it plays out just how a classic Resident Evil game should play, and still a very beautiful game graphically. I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone."
76561198411211213,Recommended,304240,34469904,Posted: 24 August,all,Jie.X,I like the full japanese audio.
,Recommended,304240,34470167,Posted: 24 August,all,OGToilah,pretty good
76561197965046644,Recommended,304240,35100460,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,I highly recommend getting this. I remember playing the Classic with my brother and was terrified from my experiences with it....but now I love the series and was so happy they made a HD and brought it to the PC. Again if you never played Resident Evil before then I suggest playing this to get you started.
76561198354565318,Recommended,304240,35168302,Posted: 23 September,all,Zelda,"Don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥, kill some zombies"
76561198059791889,Recommended,304240,35153585,Posted: 23 September,all,Lordjoro,"This game didn't feel predictable, i constantly keep wandering the hallways, looking for clues, trying to figure out the artitecture of the mansion while solving the puzzeles.Whenever i thought i've firured out something or was getting close to the ending, the game pulled the rug under my bots and said, nope here's more areas to explores, more clues etc.It was a real blast that never really faded, the game keeps  itselfs fresh by throwing new stuff at you all the time.I was not disepointed with this game and i strongly recommend it"
76561198052368485,Recommended,304240,35184567,Posted: 24 September,all,davidmvp010,"From the first few minutes to the last, I would chant a prayer for survival every time I opened a door:'No zombie no zombie no zombie, pleeeeease no zombie no zombie no zombie.'It didn't always work but it kept me breathing."
,Recommended,304240,34387134,Posted: 20 August,all,JCgli∔chmas∔er,"So heres my first impressions.DISCLAIMER. I have never played the original resident evil (With the exception of about 5 minutes on my psp) and therefor have no nostalgic ties to it in anyway. I have played other resident evils with 4 being one of my favourite games of all time having completed it over 10 times across the PS2 and PC. I love the resident evil universe as a whole and also enjoy resident evil 6 so I am not one of those 'Oh you are stuck in the past resident evils only wanting them remade' bellends that review resident evils.First of all something that NO review I have seen address or even mentioned. Jill has jiggle physics and they are quite obvious. Now I don't care if you give me outsits with boobs or whatever in them but when you are trying to give me an atmospheric experience expecially with horror jiggle physics just ruin it for me. There is no need for these to be in the game and it takes away from the experience personally and is a problem I have with dead or alive 5. These weren't in any other resident evil to my knowledge and adding them in has done nothing for the games immersion. You're going to tell me Jill, an agent working for the government is going to go to work in a bra that makes her boobs jiggle like she isnt wearing one from walking the pace of a snail.Secondly The game being a 'remaster' is.. questionable since from the screenshots I saw I was expecting a fully 3D environment with fixed camera angles. However it feels more like a skybox still image background kind of effect with some 3d rendered models in it such as the characters and certain key items. This however doesn't take away from the atmosphere it creates which I can compare to the first time I played resident evil 4. It would have just been nice for these environments to be 3D.Thirdly the camera angles are weird. Now I dont mind them being fixed at all and I dont mind it combined with the tank controls. However, I have played for about an hour and its already killed me twice since aiming snapped the fixed camera to a different position and walking down a hall while being chased by a zombie snapped the camera to another position and made me walk back down the hall into the zombie.However. Despite all of this I would still recommend this game. The animations can be abit slow sometimes but do add to the immersion and the overall atmosphere is really well done. And learning the whole story of resident evil is very interesting and can see why alot of people are nostalgic about this game. There is clearly alot more to this game then where I have gotten up too and am looking forward to completing it. If this is read before I complete it or am just too lazy to update it then this sentence will still be in."
76561198075266398,Recommended,304240,34360817,Posted: 19 August,all,Chaka,Great game! i recommend it to any one who wants to revisit a clasic with better graphics.
76561198113948632,Recommended,304240,34406331,Posted: 21 August,all,Kain,"A great remake for the best RE ever made with adding new features and much better graphics plus keeping everything great about classic RE's like great atmosphere, lovely fixed cameras and tank controls. things that RE is known for!"
,Recommended,304240,34510175,Posted: 26 August,all,Kondorr,"Resident Evil Remake 10/10– MUST BUY FOR FANSREVIEWThis remaster of a remake of a classic is pure gold, instantly substituting the previous versions into nonexistence. Of course it is not perfect by todays standards.The characters although great and cheesy charismatic cannot hold a candle to todays stars, like Hellblade, but they do not need to, because the backgrounds are doing all the work.The puzzles are not to complex, but are still a challenge. As are the slow walking zombies.The story is pure Resi-Cheese with golden quotes like the Jill-sandwhich. You get one campaign from two perspectives. The game design does not change much, but the cut scenes are worth the replay with the second character.This is a must play. This is literally the Shakespeare of survival horror. This is an ancient classic in very handsome new clothes.Thank god for CAPCOM remaking and remastering everything for every platform there is. I so hope Code Veronica will be next after RE2make (am playing it on PS3 right now and it really deserves/needs a major update)."
,Recommended,304240,34483955,Posted: 25 August,all,ReligionFlag,"My first horror game as a kid and still one of my all time favorite, I'm glad capcom decided to revive this game!"
,Recommended,304240,29316963,Posted: 17 January,all,mrrr cat,Do yourself a favor and play hard.
76561198069955974,Recommended,304240,34784534,Posted: 6 September,all,AlexeY,"Resident Evil on his absolute peak.Perfect Balance of Atmosphere , Level Design , Puzzles , Horror , Soundtrack and Gameplay.Resident Evil 2 has better Character development but overall i thinkResident Evil HD is the best Survival Horror Game of all Time."
76561198043150682,Recommended,304240,34787740,Posted: 6 September,all,Supa Hot Fire,"My favorite Resident Evil game, might actually be my favorite horror game of all time. Everything in this game is fantastic the atmosphere alone is enough for me to give it a perfect score.I recommend playing this with the lights off, playing with a good pair of headphones and cranking the volume up!10/10"
76561198034708031,Recommended,304240,34434327,Posted: 23 August,all,MasterH0,"This is the definitive version of this game as far as I'm concerned.  Resident Evil is my favorite game series of all time and it all started with this game... Well the original version of this game the one on PS1 that looks like somebody took a pixelated sh!t and dropped it into the ps1.  This version is beautiful and still holds up today even on steam.  Plus you can download mods and make Jill Valentine a topless, cigarette smoking, babe.  10/10 game of my lifetime."
76561198105541788,Recommended,304240,34455583,Posted: 24 August,all,Darkbahumet,"This remake is everything that companies aspiring to create remake should look to.They haven't drastically changed the gameplay or story, they've instead polished the game up, this means that new players and veterans of the original can both enjoy a fun and at times (talking unexpected crimson heads) completely terrifying experience."
,Recommended,304240,34697516,Posted: 2 September,all,Drewkemia,A great remaster for a great game! It was fun to relive the great gameplay experience! (1 playthrough = 28 hours)
,Recommended,304240,34805757,Posted: 7 September,all,GODSER1.COM,"""That was too close! You were almost a Jill sandwich!"""
,Recommended,304240,35272282,Posted: 28 September,all,claytonbeeney,"An absolute masterpeice. I rarely say this but dude, this game will rock your socks. As a kid I played the PSX triligy to DEATH almost every day after school and to this day i can still pick this guy up and beat it all over again and never get tired of it. Its that good.PROS+It runs the way it shouldCONS-they stopped making RE sequels on the gamecube"
,Recommended,304240,35250872,Posted: 27 September,all,Seiji,My fav RE
