user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197999862818,Not Recommended,304390,30226860,Posted: 27 February,all,Guru,The gameplay is great. The graphics are great. The presentation is good. The story is alright. So why am I giving this game a thumbs-down?I lost Internet and the game kicked me out of single player. It won't let me play because it can't connect to ubisoft servers. A game I purchased for 60 bucks.Choke on this thumbs down ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,31415660,Posted: 28 April,all,Shapechanger,"I honestly want very much to be able to recommend For Honor. The core gameplay is absolutely unique, taking the spirit of the fighting genre and turning it into something new and exciting. It's smooth, intuitive, heart-pounding action with the depth to keep you constantly learning and improving and getting better. And when it all comes together, it feels amazing. Not to mention how astonishingly beautiful the animations are. We as gamers tend to gloss over games having unrealistic animations so it's truly mind-blowing when you sit there and realize just how incredibly realistic your characters move around in For Honor no matter what they're doing.But the heart of this game is tainted. Tainted by greed. And it truly does ruin an otherwise fantastic game.Now to start, For Honor has an in-game currency called ""Steel"". You get Steel by playing the campaign, or doing daily ""orders"", and you even get a little after every match. And this would be all well and good if Steel was just for buying cosmetics. It would be a nice progression system to keep you playing and drip feed you extras as a reward. But no, that's not where this story ends. Because this game also has another very important progression system: gear.And gear is not just cosmetic. Gear has stats. And this gear can have a lot of stats. The difference between a fresh character (0) and a fully upgraded set of gear (108) is nothing short of downright unfair. When you first start out, you'll be playing against other players playing the same exact hero you are but hitting twice as hard, taking half damage, using almost no stamina, getting revenge four times as fast, or many other numerous advantages depending on what stats they invested in. You can win if you're the better player, sure, but you have to be a MUCH better player.So this system in concept is not terrible. It allows you to choose strengths and weaknesses for your hero to fit your playstyle. That's great! But the problem is that getting maxed gear is a massive, massive grind. It took me roughly 70 hours of gameplay to finally fully outfit one single hero in 108 gear. Does that sound bad? Well that's still not it.Gear is divided into 3 rarities: grey, blue, and purple. So if you want to accelerate your gear grind, you might figure that you'll just blow all your Steel on gear crates until you get a full purple set, and then start upgrading. Seems like a solid plan, right? But whoops, purple gear can't drop until you're Reputation level 3 or higher with your hero, and this information is NEVER PRESENTED IN GAME. So in effect, trying to buy gear crates before you're Reputation 3 with a hero is a complete and utter waste of Steel, and you have no way of knowing this unless you read guides or other community resources.And here's the real kicker: the matchmaker literally doesn't consider your gearscore when making a match. Ubisoft fully intended for brand new players to be getting put up against maxed out players. So if you were thinking ""well if I just get matched with people who have similar gearscore to me, this doesn't sound so bad"", consider your totally reasonable dreams crushed.Because if you haven't guessed by now, Steel can also be bought with real money. Ah, now see with that in mind, all this seemingly senseless game design suddenly starts making a very sinister kind of sense. Why con people out of Steel by intentionally providing only vague descriptions of how loot works? To get them to buy more! Why have a matchmaker that regularly puts together extremely imbalanced, one-sided matches? So that players get frustrated that they don't have good gear and potentially spend money on Steel to accelerate their gear grind! Why lock purple gear behind Reputation levels, anyway? To get people to spend money on Steel to spend on Champion Status so that they can grind Reputation levels faster!And that's how they see For Honor. They see it as a way to milk money out of you. This is easily one of the most innovative and fresh competitive multiplayer games of recent years, but Ubisoft has mutilated and perverted it into the sick and twisted cash cow that now stands before you. I am truly heartbroken at what could have been, and I can only hope that with enough critical feedback, eventually Ubisoft will give For Honor the respect it deserves as a video game and not as a psychologically manipulative microtransaction machine."
,Not Recommended,304390,30278505,Posted: 2 March,all,Elin.,"Alot of stuff changed, i wrote a bad review bit-ching about stuff that has now been somewhat fixed.They at least try to balance stuff, the connection issues got sorted out to a point where you had like 1 disconnect a day ( at least for me but a i have a really good internet connection ), and i somewhat started to have less reasons to ♥♥♥♥♥ about anything.But now the connection issues are worse than ever, my game keeps telling me that i disconnected my ethernet cable apparently or i just get really bad resyncs.They also added a in my eyes completly useless quit penalty. I leave 1 game and get banned for 10 mins ?! wtf. you see i rarely play anything else besides 1v1 sometimes you just meet people again and again and again, you know each other well and know that its no fun fighting each other, or you just notice midfight that the opposing guy does nothing but respond or you just fight naruto and you're fed up with it, so i leave, why shouldnt i leave when i get bored and i want to look for a maybe  better fight. its not like i impact my team in any way nor is this ♥♥♥♥ing ranked.never have been this close to deinstalling the game, it just gets worse again.Other thing is the community, i just cant stand it anymore, i disabled chat already and it pisses me off that i cant turn of quickchat, its just distracting.I am probably part of the community problem since i ♥♥♥♥♥ about it again but whatever."
,Not Recommended,304390,30268738,Posted: 1 March,all,Unhappyslave,I trust internet browsers telling me theirs hot singles in my area more than I trust Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,30216683,Posted: 27 February,all,Satsujin,"Fix servers and matchmaking problems. What's the point in having brilliant game when it's unplayable?Quote from Ubisoft support page:''The objective of a good matchmaking is too find the right balance between waiting time (as short as possible) and match quality (fast connectivity between players and same level of skill).'' -exactly and your matchmaking is the opposite of this phrase.Edit:Here, I found example of how it looks like.https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=38sPNZ8QHO4It still doesn't show NAT type problem. It shows lags itself but thanks to this video future customers will realize what they will have to deal with."
,Not Recommended,304390,29923489,Posted: 14 February,all,Horus,"Good game mechanics. I played betas, I preordered etc. But.- P2P servers- microtransactions in AAA costly title- season pass- premium-account (are you crazy or what, Ubi?)Edited from this line, to those who don't understand.---------------------------------------------------------------------------Any premium features in MMO games (except for purely visual stuff like skins) are not made to make game experience better, - they are made so your experience is not WORSE. For example, if we take basic game experience as 100% - u're not getting 120% with premium features. In reality devs just take 100%, cut out 20% (sometimes 80% lol, check mobile titles) and sell it separately.In this game, for example it means that you have to invest 3 times the time to buy anything than you would have within a normal progression curve by a sane gamedesigner. Because they WANT you to buy it. They NEED you to buy it. And they will TWEAK your natural game experience so you buy it. I know what i'm talking about - I literally do this every day (working with free2play titles).Do you realise that you are protecting the attitude that sees you purely as garbage with pockets?And again, for free2play this is fine, because basic experience is free. But here - it is not.Because if we tolerate this crap and don't even say anything while getting screwed it will become much worse and very soon.This happened to free2play. This happened to seasonpass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This happened to early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. And it will happen again with buy2play.As for p2p servers, I can PROMISE you a hell of cheats within a month. I can check packets with CE right now and it's purely undetectable. And also there's stuff like 0 ping for the host and disconnects and network errors."
,Not Recommended,304390,29917186,Posted: 14 February,all,Borshki ButtToucher,"The gameplay is not bad.  The fact that it is peer to peer is just ludicrous given that servers do not cost that much to a company as big as Ubisoft.More frustrating is this:60 dollar game.40 dollar season pass.Microtransactions in line with an F2P product allowing you to FULLY skip progression within your talent trees, costing roughly 30 dollars to boot.Paid cosmetics is one thing.This is not an F2P title.  Get that crap out of there, Ubisoft.  This is the last product I am buying from this company for a long, long time."
76561198079441161,Not Recommended,304390,29920118,Posted: 14 February,all,DMG,£39.99 Base Game£29.99 Season passMicrotransactionsBut no dedicated servers? Yeah ♥♥♥♥ offIf Ubisoft weren't so greedy this could of been a great game instead its barely functioning multiplayer and a boring single player campaignI'll be refunding then
76561198071630204,Not Recommended,304390,34005347,Posted: 3 August,all,demeyesred,"My GF bought me this game as a present. It hurts to have to tell her that the game that I was talking so much about turned out to be a complete waste of money concerning the game itself - the present as a lovely gesture I do appreciate to the fullest of course. If I had to chance to get the money back, I'd spend it on a nice dinner with her.EDIT: Thanks a lot for your comments. I appreciate your kind words guys."
,Not Recommended,304390,29918530,Posted: 14 February,all,jon,"Server and matchmaking were bad in beta. The game was addictive and fun.Now, you can pay $30 to unlock the entire skill progression as well as $5 for a pack of 5,000 steel.The mechanics are cool, but everything else is wrong."
76561198328896100,Recommended,304390,32198234,Posted: 5 June,all,BEEMO,Imagine eating the best food you´ve ever ate with plastic cutlery that breaks every 5mins.
,Not Recommended,304390,30217645,Posted: 27 February,all,778.pkm,"So recently there's been buzz around town for a very tasty lobster dinner,""Pour L'honneur,""from the local 5-star restaurant,Subioft.You go toSubioftlooking to try it. There it is on the menu, right below the other recently added dish,""Chiens de Garde II""(which, by the way is an excellent entrée, I recommend that to everybody, even though the first rendition of that meal was not so good, they actually improved upon it drastically.) You order the meal and wait for it to come out. About thirty minutes later, the waiter collects it from the kitchen and brings it to you. (He seemed to have had a little trouble balancing it while he was walking it to you, but luckily didn't drop it.) He sets it on the table.Itlooksamazing.But where's the cutlery?The waiter hands you a plastic, off-white fork that feels and looks like it's part paper or less-sturdy-than-plastic-material. He says it's all the restaurant can afford to give its customers. Wait, what? This is Lobster..? Shouldn't this warrant at least a fork AND a knife??? Metal cutlery, too, perhaps-- isn't this a 5-star restaurant?? (I mean, they don't specialize in seafood, but-- they should technically have had a lobster cracker and special utensils, but apparently this kind of behavior has become expected of Subioft???) The waiter stays silent to these questions. You confusedly shrug it off, and continue to the task at hand-- eating delicious lobster.You go to grab your napkin and get ready to attempt to chow down with your plastic peer to pe-- I mean cutlery. You realize your napkin is a stark white piece of tissue paper.The waiter brings up a large corkboard that displays an assortment of fine napkins of assorted colors and materials. There's a label on the top of the board; ""Premium Napkins."" He says you can pay small amounts of money in exchange for exclusive currency called Steel used to purchase and use their premium napkins, otherwise, you'll get a tiny amount Steel earned for eating the dish, which can be used for, say, a used low-rate polyester hankerchief.Whatever. You don't care. You just want to eat the very tasty lobster dinner. That's what you came for, what you came to eat, came to experience, came to enjoy.So you try. Some of the experience was rather pleasant, and the dish, itself, was indeed very tasty.Other times, your fork chipped and snapped and fragmented and broke into the meal, and you would end up tasting that plastic later, or the fork wouldn't properly grab food, or it would just fall apart in your hand. The fact that the restaurant couldn't even provide at least a knife was demeaning. The lack of a proper napkin made it messy at times, and you couldn't help but wonder if paying for a better napkin might've been worth it. Also the seasoning was a little inconsistent, sometimes it'd taste a little salty, other times... was that cheese? That definitely tasted like it. Bleu, perhaps.In the end, it was a very tasty lobster dinner. But only when you could enjoy the meal itself, and not be bogged down by the lack of real cutlery where there definitely should be, or a proper napkin instead of being prompted to pay even more than 60$ on, say, a silk lavender napkin imported from Japan. And you couldn't help but feel bad for the chef, who clearly made great efforts into the presentation and taste of the dish itself, which would have only been truly realized had the restaurant,Subioft, made any effort to provide better services and emphasis on the quality of the things which accompanied the meal, such as the utensils or the napkins. If you had a nice napkin that came standard, a proper set of cutlery accomodating a crustacean dish, you would have, without a doubt, truly enjoyed the dish.Later that night, you got on your computer and went on Nudle Chrome and went to Nudle Plus, where you updated your review of the restaurantSubioft, stating that the cooks must be great, but the restaurant itself was not, for it was clearly not the cook that ruined the dish you ate. When you commented about""Pour L'honneur""specifically, however, a random commenter responded,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYeah, they had a taste test of that dish earlier this month because they had planned to add that to their menu, and we complained to them about the exact same things!!This made you suddenly feel very uneasy and concerned for the new dishSubioftwas pushing to add to their menu soon,""Terres Sauvages.""You also wondered whySubioftis even considered a 5-star restaurant at all."
76561198007533049,Not Recommended,304390,30509761,Posted: 14 March,all,LinkZeppeloyd,"Do not buy.Most of the positive reviews of FH came from very early on. And FH can be quite intoxicating, especially early on when you are learning the mechanics, and finally pulling off a hard won duel is truly an epic feeling. So what's wrong?1. Devs aren't fixing exploits. This might appear to be a ""fighting game,"" but it's actually a Super Saiyan Magic Spells game. The community, which is awful, has discovered how to exploit and abuse a few flawed mechanics. Now everyone does it. No patches, and Ubi rarely mentions any hope of a patch.2. You'd be incredibly lucky if you fought a match where you swing mideival weapons at each other and block/parry with shields. Unfortunately, that almost never happens anymore in FH. Instead, the enemy will have figured out their ublockable, chainable, cheese combo and just do it over and over and over.... and over and over and over and over. Allegedly, you are supposed to be able to dodge these moves. In reality, they are lightning fast, and it's a p2p game. So everyone always does this now, and you're only hope to win is to do it back. Fun!3. Magic spells, tactical nukes, etc.: FH has a system called revenge, which long story short means if you've blocked enough or been injured enough, you can go super saiyan when the enemy attacks you and it knocks them down. You can now kill them easily. Does this super saiyan transformation have a cooldown? Nope. Once people figure it out, the entire game is nothing but revenge. There are ""feats"" (which are spells) you can use in the 4v4 modes. Including a tactical nuke... er sorry I meant ""catapult."" Again, FH rarely includes sword fights. Mostly it's super saiyans and nukes.4. Preposterous Ubisoft p2p. Want to play with friends in a group of 4? LOL! It takes us about 20 minutes to figure out who can invite who, and if it will work. Half of the time on player can't join a friend's invite... but if he invites that same friend, the friend can join. Now multiply that by 4. Enjoy spending 20 minutes grouping only to get into a game, which then disconnects, and guess what? It BREAKS UP YOUR GROUP! This is insane.5. Full priced game, with immediate expensive cash shop plastered all over every aspect of the single worst UI you will ever experience. Insane grind to unlock even the tiniest aesthetics. Normally I don't care about DLC, Season Pass, cash shop, etc. as long as there are some sort of reasonable limits. But once you've paid full price for this game, then immediately see that 99% of the unlockable aesthetics are locked behind A) an expensive cash shop even though you just paid full price for a AAA game, or B) play the game for 500 hours to unlock a paint color for your armor.For Honor is Ubisoft in a nutshell. The core game idea is good, then they seemingly hired people whose sole mission is to make it as unplayable as humanly possible. The worst UI, matchmaking, stability, exploits, and community of any game in years. I ended up getting FH because even though I know Ubi sucks, R6Siege gave me hope. But that appears to be a one-off. If you buy FH for more than, say, $9.99, you are being stolen from and you will regret it. Back to other, functional games now. Peace out."
,Not Recommended,304390,30281872,Posted: 2 March,all,[Princess] Moon Moon,"One day you wake up to see a new game on horizon, interesting in design and ideas. You start to be interested.You try close betas and then open beta. And you are still thrilled about this concept.You can see flaws and wrong decisions, but you know this is closed beta and theres still months before release. So you dont think about it.In open beta you find out, there is nothing new added and much of the game still broken in same way.You think, the lack of content is normal in beta, after all its to test not experience full game content. And that is correct thinking.You think that the bugs, weirdness and no servers are still part of beta. They are about to fix them right? They dont have servers, because its beta not full product, it will be in the game later right?Then the day comes and it gets released. You had fun in betas, so full game must be even better. You wanna experience the full load not being restricted by beta boundaries.And then a truck driving 200km/h strikes into your home and smashes you into next dimension.You see that its exactly same as is beta.Same stupid menu.Same P2P connection solution.Same low rewards for matches.Same mods.Same boring faction wars.But you jump back to your dimension with your last breath, becouse you still believe in that good gameplay.And if you close your eyes, the gameplay is good, really fun and good.For the next 30 hours.After the 30 hours you start to realize something. You like your main hero, he is fun, but now you wanna make him unique, to stand out.But you cant, because after 30, 40, 50 hours, your hero will look the same as others. Becouse there no customization variants. Every hero has 3 ""set"" variants which looks kinda same. Want more sets? Try play 70 hours with the same hero, to get 4th set, which is just recolor of the default hero look. Want one more set? Maybe after 90 hours ...After this time, you would expect to have maybe 10 sets and mix them to make unique look. Not here. No matter how many ""mirror"" matches you will have, you will look the same as the other guy with same hero.But but ... the gameplay is still pretty good eh?It was on the start before you played more than 30 hours. After this time, you will face the real problems of game mechanics.People using certain heroes, using infinity combos which are harder to avoid and if you do, its matter of time, before they will initate this infinite combo.But what about other heroes without these combos?After the time, new breed of players will appear. These players will stay passive, not attacking you. Because they wait for you to attack and when you do, they parry you and punish you with unavoidable damage. And they will do this until end of match.And we are not even speaking about people expoliting ways in certain heroes, that allows them to bend mechanics.And if this is not what ruins your gameplay experience, dont forget about Peer2Peer multiplayer system, where errors, synchronization rollbacks and disconnects are more than you would expect in non indie game in 2017.And there you are, you have +- 60 hours of gameplay.You sit there thinking.Connection is bad.Life improving features nonexistent.Gameplay is bad and boring.And then you notice one more thing that you did not notice.Ingame currency.The slow gaining ingame currency, people can buy for real money and then buy a lot of gear to get advantage in more than half of mods.And there goes ingame economics being bad.Now we are on end, you sit there, yelling at your screen, because people exploit the game and its mechanics. And you forgot, how much the game was fun, when you had 10 hours and did not know, what all is wrong with this game.We could continue talking and talking about these things, but theres not enaugh space here.So lets make it simple for those who dont like to read.Pros- Gameplay is fun first 10 to 30 hours.- Movement physics is great.- Graphic looks good.Cons- Gameplay is toxic, boring and broken after +-30 hours (Explanation: People start to use exploits and unbalanced combos)- Gameplay is still buggy and not polished.- Main menus, aftermatch menus and etc.- 4v4 mods are Pay2Win.- Very low customization.- Unbalanced matchmaking.- Peer2Peer connection only. (Bringing a lot of issues with latencies and reaction times)- Reputation system with no real rewards. (Every 20 lvl you get 1 reputation level. 1 rep lvl takes about 20 hours, theres 20 rep lvl in the game for each hero)- Sometimes nonresponsive controls.Would I recommend?NoOnly if Ubisoft wakes up and repairs all of this.And so far, after two weeks after release, there have been no repair so far.In numbers?40/100"
,Not Recommended,304390,30755134,Posted: 26 March,all,Mentalcake,"Don't listen to the reviews, I thought.It can't be that bad, I thought.Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was wrong.I'm a very forgiving consumer, I don't care much about the P2W aspect and the horrible matchmaking, which puts me up against players with 100x the experience and gear than me. But ♥♥♥♥, when you read all those reviews, saying that this game is actually unplayable, because you'll disconnect throughout 50+% of your matches, let me tell you:LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS."
,Not Recommended,304390,31147855,Posted: 14 April,all,DanDahMan,"Let me tell you a little story.Once there was a land called Steam. Steam had many kingdoms on it. Some were large and very rich. Others were small, and trying to obtain their wealth. In an decently-well established kingdom known as ""Ubisoft"" the king was very greedy. One day a peasant made a discovery. He had spied an island off the coast which looked to be filled with gold. Enough gold for everyone in the kingdom one might even say. So the king gave everyone in his holdings a crate of wood with which to build a boat in order to retrieve their gold. His only wish was for a small 60$ tribute from each person as payment for the wood he had supplied. Before the people set sail they each gave this greedy king his tribute. They then set a course for the island now known as ""For Honor"". Everything looked great as people were pushing off from ""Beta"" pier, where each person's boat was kept. Then as they neared the island things started to go wrong. Some boats sprung leaks and began to sink. Some boats fell apart, leaving their passengers treading water. some boats simply dissapeared as if they had suddenly ""disconnected"" from the universe. In the end most people made it to the island. ""Most"" people. Some people recieved wood full of termites and could never build a boat to begin with. Either way most had made it to the island, but without a boat they had no hope of retrieving any of the gold plentifully piled around the island. But as they were grieving the king mysteriously appeared on the island declaring ""Do not grieve my humble subjects! For a mere 40$ I will give you a 'Season Pass' which grants access to my royal treasure fleet which will happily stow your riches for you. What do you say?"" But the people knew better now. They stored whatever they could in their pockets and swam back to Ubisoft kingdom where they then bought passage to various other kingdoms, never to come back again. Until next year's Assassin's Creed that is.Hopefully you enjoyed that very accurate representation of what For Honor is. It is a pile of gold on an island that we can see but can't actually obtain. Ubisoft had the gall to try and sell us a season pass along with a bunch of microtransaction bullcrap after taking not only our 60$, but this amazing game that I know they have hidden somewhere. Before a few minutes ago I was still hopeful for this game. Maybe that's because I didn't seem to be suffering the same lagging and disconnecting as everyone else until a few minutes ago.Don't buy this. They don't deserve any more money until they get their act together.For Honor Youtube Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c2KoWsdOEg(A bit dated but more in depth about actual issues. I'd call it self promotion but I really don't care for likes or subs.)"
76561197960270777,Not Recommended,304390,29935106,Posted: 14 February,all,MamasBoy-[Inc],"I read the positive reviews, I read the negative reviews and then decided what the hell let's try it.TLDR:If Ubisoft fixes the connection issues, I would switch my review to 'Recommend'PRO's:- great graphics and it runs well- interesting team base modes- great environments- there is a learning curve which is not a bad thing.  As your skill grows, so do the possibilities.- overall, its pretty funCon's:- Sorry folks, the negative reviews to do with connection issues are real.  Frequent drops, connection errors, maddening lag that always hits at the worst time.  Dropping from games though is not excusable.- Game play is a bit repetitive, but to offset that is tremendous oppurtunity to customize and level your character.  Also, multiplayer is where it is at, but then you run into the connection issues.If Ubisoft fixes the connection issues, I would switch my review to 'Recommend'"
76561198564122036,Recommended,304390,30476395,Posted: 12 March,all,Constantine,Imagine trying to eat a delicious meal with a plastic fork that breaks every thirty seconds
76561198037719791,Not Recommended,304390,32644172,Posted: 22 June,all,SIGMAR BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY,"This game could've been great. I honestly feel betrayed by this game and the dev. The early-beta had a very distinct feel to it and now I am barely playing this game. On a full moon I might go on to duel my friend 2 or 3 times, but that's it.This game is a heartbreaking disappointment and the devs deserve every single bit of rage the buyers are giving them. They don't even aknowledge that their game has problems and they basically said that the 95% drop is a lie. It's just 95% steam users they said. The game is doing just fine they said. Well ♥♥♥♥ the 95% steam players, let them play with themselves, the game is in perfect condition.Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ, this is the last time I'm buying anything from Ubisoft"
76561198061841892,Not Recommended,304390,32677083,Posted: 23 June,all,J.Bitar,"Well where do i begin with....This game is beyond salvation, it's quite clear that the developers don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it or about the community itself, hence why the player base is dwindling.To start with, I'll talk about the game's pros:_ Story is meaningless yet it's a neat addition for a multiplayer game._ Graphics are generally good especially when set on max settings._ Gameplay is exciting and invigorating.. at least at the beginning._ The Soundtrack can be repetitive but it does have its sheer intense moments during battle... And that's pretty much it.. now for the cons:_ Gameplay, despite being innovative, becomes overly repetitive especially after 30 hours of gameplay for a full priced game._ Community is toxic, you will meet certain types of players that will infuriate you, you will also meet players that are extremely hypocritical and boastful, often criticizing you with non-sensical profanity._ Matchmaking is broken, new players will often be put against players that have played this game for hundreds of hours._ Characters (or heroes), are absolutely broken. Some of these characters are imbalanced like the shinobi and the centurion. There's also spamming or otherwise known as 'cheese' where people would exploit these characters and repeatedly use the same goddamn unblockable attacks like the warden's shoulder bash, or valkyrie's shield bash then her top heavy attack._ Multiplayer, at its core, is sickening.... and that's the main problem in this game. Servers are broken, so you will randomly lose connection to the server without warning whatsoever and lose all of your hard earned progress during said match. These disconnections will be frequent, i'm talking about a dozen in an hour and it doesn't matter if your NAT type is open or not. They also happen frequently when you play in larger game modes such as dominion, elimination and skirmish._ The game is also grindy... it's not P2W but it is to some extent grindy and requires a lot of commitment. It has taken me the majority of my game time to level up my lawbringer (a character) to prestige 5. And there's gear, cosmetics etc._ P2P networking system. You remember when Call of duty modern warfare used to have P2P servers? For honor has excatly that and is surprisingly worse (maybe more or less). Therefore, there are no dedicated servers whatsoever._ Player base is low.. there aren't a lot of people playing this game anymore (can't blame them). As i am typing this, there are currently 1173 gamers playing this game on steam (mostly veterans or die hard fans). Now don't tell me that people play more in the ubisoft launcher because that's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I could go on and on but you guys clearly get the picture (especially with the overwhelming number of negative reviews). There are countless of cheaper chivalry games that you can easily get on steam and are way worth of your time than this piece of garbage. It took me over 100 hours to finally figure it out...Stay the hell away from this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30158096,Posted: 24 February,all,Cleric Beast,"You need only look at the reviews to realize how amazing yet terrible this game is. While the game can be one of the most entertaining fighting games you'll ever play, it is guaranteed to also be the absolute worst. Ubisoft has decided to make the Ubiconic move of shooting themselves in the foot by crippling their mostly online game with peer to peer hosting and bad servers for anything non-match made.Speaking of matchmaking, Ubi has decided that they'd throw in fake matchmaking settings instead of actual skill based mm. This means that launching pvp will typically result in lower level and/or low skilled players being pitted against highly skilled or no-life players sporting maxed gear scores and heavily leveled characters. This is less of a problem in 1v1 and 2v2 match-types where skill is the only factor that determines the winner (aside from Meta move spammers). On the other hand, 4v4 game-types are wildly unbalanced by this, as they take gear score into consideration, allowing that maxed out player on the enemy team to near one hit kill you through the magic of min-maxing.As for the campaign, it’s pretty good. It’s not incredibly surprising or anything, but it is fun and can be played in 2 player coop. The collectibles are mildly rewarding and finishing each portion of the campaign on the realistic difficulty will net you some (usually) cool cosmetics.All in all, just wait until it gets the Rainbow 6: Siege treatment and becomes less aggravating to play before you invest in this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30052003,Posted: 19 February,all,Seethe,"This is what happens when you pair a beautiful, well made game with the worst and most atrocious netcode and connection architecture (p2p) to boot.The game is great other than the horribly expensive season pass, full 60$ price + a store full of microtransactions, etc. But the real gem is how every other match gets randomly disconnected because the game relies on the playerbase to randomly host matches.Now, Warframe also does that but guess what - their free to play game's netcode works, this full priced game's netcode simply does not.Oh and no steam achivements, because ubisoft."
76561198104808002,Not Recommended,304390,30243011,Posted: 28 February,all,InsertNameHere,"The game in it's current state is, for me, not even fun anymore. It was wonderful in the beta stages (I played both) and I praised it highly to my friends. But ever since launch the game has gone down hill for me. Between the spamming of moves, the toxic community, the simple over poweredness of classes, and the now infamous peer-to-peer connection, the game just isn't fun. Something else has happened too, I don't quite know how to put it into words, but the closest I can come up with is that there's a lack of satisfaction in the matches. You leave feeling more frustrated than when you started. Even if you win a match you leave feeling upset at the game or the players around, whether it was because someone threw you off the map four times or the p2p went out twice (both of those are common place) the experience of playing in itself is dissatisfying. I regret my purchase of this game right now, and maybe I'll come back to it in three or four months with low expectations of anything having changed.UPDATE: Season 3 about to begin, it's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as always."
,Not Recommended,304390,30133510,Posted: 23 February,all,Karen Kujō,"I played the beta and I owned the game for two hours and I'm sad to say that I loved it. The game that is, everything else about this thing is an abomination. Every game either switches hosts like 3 times or you lag out completely, not to mention the fact that I had 3 crashes in just two hours of gameplay.The game is fun, but Ubisoft as always can only deliver half of what the consumer actually wants."
,Not Recommended,304390,32069845,Posted: 30 May,all,ShrimpMilk,"Wow... Just wow... I love this game so much. It's concept is amazing... But the execution of the concept... Is so damn bad. It's sad really. At this point there are so many bugs that you can't really play the game. It's truly broken and I feel as if the devs just don't care. Their trying, but not hard enough. Clearly. If these bugs get fixed, I will gladly recommend this game. As this game is among my favourite medieval games ever to exist. But as of this moment (05/30/2017)... Stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from this overpriced garbage."
76561198003433840,Not Recommended,304390,29924813,Posted: 14 February,all,MoldyToast,"For honor is one of those games that treats the paying player like scum. It feels like a genuine free to play experience for a game you just paid 60 dollars for. Also I hope you enjoy 'microtransactions' in your premium game, because those are here too! As if the slow progress wasn't enough, the game is also plagued with constant disconnects, despite mostly relying on P2P connections.All in all, it feels like a mess that actively insults its playerbase. If you really want the game, at least wait until a proper sale, because this is not a 60+ dollar game."
76561198104741189,Not Recommended,304390,30354456,Posted: 6 March,all,Tabula Rasa,"The game in a nutshell: ""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""Don't waste money and time until this gets fixed."
76561198073186632,Not Recommended,304390,33454501,Posted: 11 July,all,Vestort,"EDIT: Yes I play the game alot because I do enjoy it and have friends to play it with daily. That still does not mean I recommend it for what it gives.I've played more than enough of this game with 500+ hours of hate and love for it all.But time and time again this game keeps putting me off, infuriating me after I've invested time and defended both the game and developers.For Honor is the first fighting game of its kind, with a good reason.I simply think that this type of combat does not workas evident in gameplay and many of the other similar reviews: It promotes defense and only punishes those who try go on the offensive, and by god is it easy to defend. So if you'd like to have fun, you will not win period.If all high tier play is defensive play waiting for your opponent to throw out something easily punishable, there is actually no point in fighting at all. This core concept is broken and cannot be fixed without redoing the entire combat (which won't happen) leaving this game as a really cool idea yet very bad execution. In Ubisoft's defense they have no other game or gameplay to fall back on. Making it the common judgement of this game being a ""cash grab"".I do believe the most fun I've had in this game is fighting AI bots with friends, which even then gets very boring very fast as expected.Now the lists.Pros:Good graphics and beautiful scenery.Unique visual characters with a huge amount of customization. (This alone kept bringing me back)Intricate combat system never done before which is thrilling, at the beginning however.A story mode, however it's not anything very special it is a neat addition for an online orientated game.Cons:Uplay matchmaking. Peer to peer is not neccesarily the problem, but its abyssmal netcode and constant server downtime.It's huge array of unbalanced characters while only having 14 (at this moment of the review) it can come down to a battle of character picks and not skill.As stated before; The combat however new is also not functioning as intended and has core mechanics that promote turtling making ""high"" level play really ♥♥♥♥ing boring.Lack of updates addressing it's many problems as well as lack of communication on said problems.Not alot of content with only having 5 basic gamemodes with repetitive gameplay.Bad game functionality.$60 price with a somewhat useless season pass for another $40, as well as ingame microtransactions for cosmetics.I do hope, like many others that For Honor can adapt with its time span of upcoming content and can address alot of these issues similar to howRainbow 6: Seigewent. But I cannot recommend the game in it's state at all."
,Not Recommended,304390,30562829,Posted: 16 March,all,Doogle,A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)
,Not Recommended,304390,29968960,Posted: 16 February,all,ChilouX,"How to cook a very nice meal Spaghetti Carbonara ""For Honor"" edition:1) Choose any multiplayer game mode and press ""play""2) Go to the kitchen, grap a bowl and mix four eggs, parmasan cheese and some cream to a nice mix.3) Go back to your computer, press ""Continue"" on the pop up saying ""Unable to connect. Error 0004502040""4) Choose any multiplayer game mode and press ""play""5) Go back to the kitchen and start preparing the spaghetti. Take a pan and start boiling water. Meanwhile open up a bag of bacon and (optional) any desired vegetables.6) Go back to your computer, press ""Continue"" on the pop up saying ""Unable to join the match. Error 0043560000""7) Choose any multiplayer game mode and press ""play""8) Go back to the kitchen and begin preparing the bacon. Make it semi crispy and add the optional vegetables. Stir it a few times.9) Go back to your computer and now, choose your hero and press ready. Meanwhile the match is loading you can prepare your plate, salt and pepper + fork and knife in the kitchen.10) Game is starting. Weee! Now press the pop up saying ""Session lost. Returning to menu. Error 000403000050""11) Choose any multiplayer game mode and press ""play""12) Go back to the kitchen, finish the boiling pasta- and begin mixing pasta, bacon and the mixture of egg and cheese your made in step two- into a pan and make it nice and juicy. Stir it on low heat.13) Go back to your computer, press ""Continue"" on the pop up saying ""Unable to join the match. Error 0043560000""14) Go back to your kitchen and serve your nicely made Spaghetti Carbonara ""For Honor"" edition.15) Sit by your computer and repeat step 1,3,4,6,7,9,10,11,13.Enjoy your meal.[EDIT 17.02.17]After 1 hour of google searching for :""NAT problems For Honor"""" Router name """" Router Access"""" Router Password """" IP's """" Ports to open ""I finally managed to change my NAT from red to Green which made the multiplayer part work on a scale of 7/10.But I would still not change this to ""recommend"" since NO one has to do all this to be able to play a AAA game.Currently eating left overs from yesterday.. Still good.[EDIT #2. 23.02.17] (Before the patch)To all of you who comments about me being a ""XboX noob"" with no knowledge about router, internet or likely- go jump a cliff. :)It's not ""only"" a port problem - there are MANY problems for MANY players.Fact is, if you buy this game, there is 50% chance you wont be able to play it correctly, being D/C'd or get a Ubisoft ban because you have a ""screen capture device"" installed. That's apparently not allowed by Ubisoft and ban's you straight up for a week or more, with no warning.Yes, I have 100 hours playtime since I finally got it to work - but 3 out of 4 friends still can't play this game. Thats why its still a big ♥♥♥♥ing ""NOT RECOMMEND"".But if you are willing to pay full price and gamble with wether you're able to play or not - go ahead, be my guest.Looking forward to the patch saturday to see if they actually fix problems or still leave it broken af.[EDIT #3]After patch:The game now begins to fail very hard.The matchmaking now takes even more time to find a game (Dominion).The amazingly unbalanced gear problem, now when everyone is rep level 5+ with maximum gear, makes it 120% cancer for new players to join as they get ganked x 100.It's not enjoyable for new players or new chars.The entire Revenge system is now a joke since EVERYONE has a ""revenge build"" which is just being spammed. No chance for ""non revenge builds"" to take down players without the help of 3 other guys.The matches are now being interupted even more frequently.Final words :Do NOT waste your money on this broken game.Maybe one day they'll fix it, add more content, balance the gear and classes. But untill then - stay away from this cancer."
,Not Recommended,304390,30354227,Posted: 6 March,all,Bob & Steve Ross,"*fifteenth attempt at completing a game, finally about to kill the last guy*A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.*breaks down crying*"
76561198115361102,Not Recommended,304390,33102703,Posted: 1 July,all,Phantasis,"After 282 hours of palying this game my nerves are finally being broken and I decided to write full overview to this game.NOTE: I'm not a professional gamer. But nor am I a dirty casual that complains to every single problem there is, but since this a full review I will mention if not all but most of the core problems of this game.Also I must mention that I've been palying this game with both sides - as with non donating services so as with donations later.+ Lets start with good part:+ The very CONCEPT of the game is pretty unique and awesome. 3 most interesting factions that haven't ever seen each other in real life get to measure their strength on the battlefeilds of For Honor. If you like armor, swords and medieval times all in general - this is your game;+ DESIGN and GRAPHICS are outstanding! As visually, so and sound and surroundings - it's pure art. Game looks GORGEOUS! Theres nothing left to say - it looks amazing, I can only praise Ubisoft for how game feels;+ Gameplay is incredibly bewitching. Rather you lose and grieve or win and celebrate - this game will not leave you emotionless; combos and unique skills of every character are done insanly well - every one of those are memorable and for a fighting game its already a lot;+ There are already 14 characters in the game and there will be more with each season passing; you will definitely find the one you enjoy;+ Character adjustment is pretty solid - you will have 6 item slots that you can change to what your heart desires (and what game allowds),  2 finishers, 4 emotions and 3 additional surrounding animations to your choices;+ Freedom of choice is pretty simple: you have 2 modes on 4vs4, 1 mode on 1vs1 and 1 mode for 1vs1 - paly anything you want, nothing stopes you;+/- Solo campaign; now this is some sort of  middle part of the game because its not the best one, but I have to mention it:1. It's in the game;2. You don't have to play it, but if you decide to you will have many good awards;3. It serves a good tutorial-like purpose, if you're new to For Honor - play it, it'll help ya;4. Thank you, Ubisoft, for awesome cinematics and pretty good acting voices in campaign - those are gold;5. Gameplay though is nothing special, by the 3rd part of it you will wish it'd be over soon.- Now we get to the bed part; All the negative features that this game has.And let me start the the reason why I decided to post the review (the shout of soul that I can no longer hold:- Connection. It's pure GARBAGE. The person who decided that the game (that fully depends on the frame rate, the game where 1choice, 1 second decides whether you live or die/wheter your entire team lives or dies) would be using Peer2peer connection is a straight forward imbecile; I cannot list the amount of times where I could've won, but I didn't because my partner's conncetion is crap. Now you can say that P2P makes people on the same side of gaming expirience and it would be worse if you and your opponent would be playing on different side of the world. And I would agree with you... If you could actually PLAY THE freaking GAME. You literally can't play the game because of the connection - every 3rd game crashes in the middle of the match, or maybe even in the start. And it'd be okay if it was rare, but HELL NO it happens every 5 minutes. Do you know how many times I got crashed before this review? 6 times! 6times IN A ROW! I had 6 games each and every one of them simply crashed while we were playing. This is THE MOST stupidiest connection issue I've ever met in my entire game expirience history. I don't care if I have problems with my fps, or my internet speed if I can't play the god damn game! And you know what is worse? Ubisoft will not change it! There will never be servers for this game, Ubisoft will not remake entire connection system for this game - its too late for that, thus leaving us, it's consumers, forever be punished for playing this game just because of some guy that decided to go with P2P. Thank you, Ubisoft Guy, good freaking job.-Also I have to mention that another game (Rainbow6Siege) had the same problems on its start. Why does it matter? Because Ubisoft keeps stepping on their own rakes and not doing anything about it.- Balance; There is some sort of balance, but it almost doesn't work. Don't get me wrong - in 1vs1 scenario most of the classes are balanced (not equal in strength, but balanced all around), but in a 4vs4 - it's a ♥♥♥♥fest; Every time there's a blance fix more problems pop up; before the patch there were balance issues and after 2 new heroes came up, even more issues came; Spam abilities classes, spam fast attack classes, too high damage classes, too well-round classes - many of those. I belive they will be fixed eventually, but a.t.m. it's just a ♥♥♥♥fest.- Also there's ITEMISATION. Yep, this thing also influences the balance (only in 4vs4 though). So when you play a new character that has nothing in inventory and play vs fully epic-itemised super hero, well... let's say ""You are going to have a bad time"". In the past this situation was worse, but now Items almost do nothing after certain  stage which makes them almost senseless. So instead of balancing all of the items over and over you have only 1 question: ""Why wont you make option ""item's characteristics in-game off""?Items also supposed to create different builds for different playstiles. Forget it. Theres 1 build you will allways use, thus making this idea automaticly a failure.There's also 1 more problem that comes with items in this game- Microtransactions. In a full-prices game we have microtransactions that actually influence balance. 1 mode though, but still. Personally for me it's not a big problem - I just don't play characters with low item lvl in 4vs4, but in GENERAL game-design view all of this balance/donation part of the game makes this game alternative characters unfriendly;- Matchmaking; there's almost none. There's some sort of it, but you won't feel it. When you play a high lvl char you'll most likely face low lvls, but when you take low lvl char you'll face high lvl enemies; Maybe I'm the only 1 so lucky? I don't know - I'm just sharing my expirience. And it's ♥♥♥♥ed up;- Core gameplay is fun. But you know what is not fun? WAITING (turtling). Entire battle mechanics is based around anticipating of one's adversary, countering its move and then punishing it. Do you know what that includes? Standing on the same spot, staring at each other and doing NOTHING for minutes. Does it sound fun? No, I don't think so. Dev-s are trying to fix this ""turtle"" meta but it doesnt really work just yet. Maybe in the future?- Prices. Everything you can buy in this game, all of the cosmetics such as emotions and finishers and special effects- they are freking expensive as hell. They cost from 3000 to 7000 steel (currency in the game); its obnoxious; It's absolutely evidently made for the cash purposes because Ubisoft is not enough you to PAY to PLAY, you should also PAY to ENJOY. You say I can buy those for free for cash I make in the game? In theory, yeah. But in practice it will take you about a week of unstoppable playing to fully customize 1(!) character. I'm not saying what you'll have to do if you want to play 2/3/4/5 characters at once. And if you're a working person and you play around 1/2/3 hours a day? You can forget about it - it'll take you a few months if not year. Donating is much easier and it's freaking wrong for a Pay to Play game.All in all I have to say that the game is playable. But holy hell does it hurt to play this game. You think Dark Souls is hard? Play this one - you will hardly find a goddamn match to start with.It's an awesome game and it's too bad that it's own Dev-s are killing it. So many choices are just so bad and make no sense.I LOVE this game but I also HATE IT infinitely.Right now I cannot advise to buy this game, but if you do... You've been warned."
76561197961784388,Not Recommended,304390,30056937,Posted: 20 February,all,hlxino,"If you live in china or russia DO NOT BUY.  language is region locked but also matchmaking is locked. matchmaking is extremely slow, drops most of the time and you can spend whole afternon just trying to get in a laggy game. been on steam for many years and this is my first review of a game because i feel ubisoft is trying to scam its customers."
76561198062165534,Not Recommended,304390,29916391,Posted: 14 February,all,☼†Dj†☼,"I will soon update my review, but for now i really do not recommend the game if you dont have a beastly internet connection due to the P2P(Peer to Peer) connection but if you do? hmm... its still 50/50 because you will end up connecting to people that have slower internet connection. Then you will experience some not all of these, the lags, Disconnection(DC), a lot of  errors in connecting to GAMES and PLAYERS(so much of these), cant play with your friends if you have different NAT statuses (i hate this the most) for example your friend has yellow NAT(can connect to green and yellow only) and you have red NAT(can connect to red and green only), you will not be able to play together, for me it is like LOW PRIORITY in DOTA 2 but not the same of course. Yeah thats pretty much what the multiplayer is right now. I can say though that my internet is below average but in games like, dota 2, CS:GO, Overwatch, League of Legends, some MMOrpg's i face minimal issues. yeah thats all i could say. So Cheers guys.And i have played the hell out of the Open beta, and not much have change besides the story which i have not tried yet but i will cover that soon. i hope this can help."
76561198012280488,Not Recommended,304390,30133626,Posted: 23 February,all,RamanShaman,This P2P matchmaking is a cancer to this game that needs to be removed. So much lag and in games like this those split seconds are difference between life and death.
,Not Recommended,304390,29999521,Posted: 17 February,all,ChewChew,"1. Peer-to-peer <=== A lot of connectivity and security issues to players.2. Game trying to join full lobbies. (Wtf?)3. No penalties when you leave a game, leaving your team with an handicap.4. A lot of salty players (Nothing to do about it. Players may want to know if there's a good community in a game)The game is really good in my opinion. Good graphics with good gameplay (Some bugs here and there but there's no game without flaws). The big issue here is the connectivity issues players have. There's a lot of complaint on For Honor forums. I know dedicated servers costs a lot but Peer-to-Peer for a AAA game is... really not good.I'm not recommanding this game until Ubisoft fixes their ""server"" problem.EDIT: I made a post on Ubisoft's forum to talk about security issues related to Peer-to-Peer. I think that's something you should consider before buying the game.http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1583329-Why-you-should-use-a-VPN-when-you-play-For-Honor"
76561198048518201,Not Recommended,304390,30276967,Posted: 2 March,all,Nevo,1. Can only finish every second game due to disconnects from the ubisoft servers.2. Peer to Peer in 2017 LUL3. Game is poorly balanced4. All the money went into marketing instead of developing the game.GG Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,304390,30078396,Posted: 21 February,all,Crater  Face,"THE SALT grows on you...The core game is pretty fun and addicting, the game looks amazing and a decent campaign is a plus, but that's about it.For Honor is the worst matchmaking experience I have ever had, and I play a lot of multiplayer titles.I like the gameplay but when you can't even get into a game before it throws you out, it doesn't help much.I can barely finish a match, without some form of matchmaking error, disconnect or lag. No rejoin feature to speak of, you end up with bots in pvp mode, witch gives the team with the bots a disadvantage in most of the time.and you always have to be online even for the single player.its a full price game with micro-transactions, and it feels like every bit of cosmetics is a bit more expensive then it has to be.NITPICKS:- somthing i found out is that you can`t change the look of your story mode avatar ones you have chosen one, EVER. ( because of how Ubisoft stores that informaiton on their servers)- every character can go up to reputation lv 30 and each rep has 20 lv, thats 600 lv for each of the 12 characters. thats an insane lv of drip feeding content-  if you are in a group witht a friend or 2 and matchmaikng fails it throws you out of the group most of the time.- there is a team chat in 1v1 duels.....If this is the Ubisoft experience, im not spending anymore on this type of BS in the futureIn its current state, i can`t recommend this"
76561198044391127,Not Recommended,304390,29917179,Posted: 14 February,all,Aum-Psy,"Let me write a review while i still have the game in my library. I was very dissapointed to see the matchmaking issues from Alpha and Beta are still presnt with so many errors and disconnects I lost count. Fun game yes but if it take 10 mins avg to find a match with servers on ""high or very high"" poulation is unacceptable.Edit:  3\2\2017 I added a new comment to provide more insight. Spent 40 hours + on my Ubisoft account and finally saw through this pile of garbage completely. There is no skill involved here, it is straight PAY TO WIN and unbalanced as all hell. I still cannot recommend the game in the current state.With its complete disaster of a matchmaking system, errors worse now after latest patch and very limited depth beyond the mechanics, that are very much just abused to find a way to win. revenge, Gear stats, the list goes on.I will also add the game is lacking content a bit. Seems like another game where they hide content behind a season pass."
,Not Recommended,304390,30842008,Posted: 30 March,all,KhaTtab khalafa,BY FAR THE WORST MATCHMAKING SERVERS ANY GAME EVER HAD
76561197969733354,Not Recommended,304390,30064244,Posted: 20 February,all,Wokmaster,"Gameplay is awesome but peer to peer will ruin the day, all day, every day. Good job shooting your foot."
76561198096236576,Not Recommended,304390,29968351,Posted: 16 February,all,{Δ} Achilles,"This is a game that shines in gameplay, but by business practices, was shoved deep into the mud. It had so much potential to be something amazing, but either ignorance, or greed, has destroyed it. I shall explain in detail all of the positives/negatives of this game.Positives:- The gameplay is magnificent, smooth, and well designed.- It is extremely well optimized for Nvidia, and I can run it on a relatively low-end GPU.- The customization is there, with a lot of options to choose from.- The classes all feel extremely unique as well in their playstyle.- The story mode is of moderate length, and can feel fun on the harder difficulties.- The game itself also looks utterly beautiful.- AI is actually very competent, and quite fun to play against.- If I were to rate this game on gameplay alone, it would be a solid 9/10... but unfortunately...Negatives:- Peer to Peer connection is atrocious, and should absolutely be changed. Some people (such as myself) can't even play 4v4s, and I have a solid connection. Other times, you will randomly get disconnected from a game despite having 0 lag.- Mouse/Keyboard controls are unacceptable for a game of this decade. It feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port from console to PC. Anyone with a controller has an immediate defensive advantage in almost every way. You can immediately determine who has a controller, and who is using Mouse/Keyboard. It feels unresponsive, and honestly worse than Dark Souls' control issues. (This was a problem during the Alpha, Closed Beta, and Open beta, yet unresolved) It actually feels cheap when someone who spent money on a controller has a ridiculous advantage over you.- No offline mode? Really Ubisoft? Not even an offline practice mode? That is atrocious. Some people around this world do not have godly internet connections, and allowing them to hone their skills in a practice mode during the down time would have been a natural step. The lack of ANY offline features is another example of Ubisoft's bad business practices, they ruin an otherwise good product because of piracy, and hurting the actual customers who want to enjoy it.- The Microtransaction whoring is to be expected, and I honestly would expect it for the cosmetics, however Ubisoft offers a complete level-skip, which you can go straight to unlocking everything... which is a disgusting practice.- Environmental kill worship? Let me tell you, this game has more environmental cheese than Smash and Soul Calibur combined. I died more times in the Story campaign on the hardest difficulty to straight up random environmental kills (One particularly bad one, I walked back 1 inch at the start of the duel and got insta-gibbed by a geyser and had to restart the mission) than I ever did to a bot. It also encourages players to use these cheesy tactics rather than using the well established fighting mechanics that already exist. Especially when you take into account the difficulty of escaping a guard break (which suffers in the P2P lag occasionally), one can find themselves winning a fight, only to eat a random guard break that passes through your swing, and insta-kills you by way of ring-out. Which is very different from a game like Soul Calibur, where only a very small amount of moves on each character ring out, and they are easily defended against.- Lack of Tech information is really irritating. Almost all fighting games that you play, will list out everything from frame data, to COMPLETE moves lists of each and every character. This game just has icons, and minor information that you're apparently supposed to figure out yourself. Not to mention, minor details that are missing, like how long some characters get stunned for after a parry based upon your class. This game *really* needs an explanation of frame data, so you can know what attacks you can land and when, because in many cases, it feels like guessing.- Another bit of cheese is the annoying 'Revenge' mechanic, which is just a crappy way of balancing 2v1s. Especially when people use it in 1v1s. There appears to be an unspoken 'honor code' among the better players, where you don't revenge in a 1v1, and you don't try for environ-kills. Yet, it seems, that in many cases you have no idea if a player abides by that honor code, until they're slamming you in the face in revenge mode. Honestly, revenge should not exist in a 1v1, it should only be built from blocking another player in a 2v1.- Class imbalance that was known about since the beta, but not addressed. Now I don't claim to be a godly player, but I'm sure there was a way around making Peacekeeper/Valkyrie/Nobushi without giving them such hilariously cheesy effects like bleed and insane speed. Peacekeeper is ridiculously fast with its swings, and at low level play you almost only see spam with it, which is much harder to deal with (especially with lag/mouse >_>) than you might think. At the higher levels, I only really notice Warden/Kensei/Orochi/Berserkers being used. So these annoying classes might only be just that... annoying. Either way, some redesign should be done to make them better, and less cancerous.Honestly, these negatives are so bad, that they drag the fantastic positives down to almost being meaningless. I do *not* recommend you buy this, until it is fixed, and *if* it is fixed.Final rating: 5/10"
76561198132580427,Not Recommended,304390,34133280,Posted: 9 August,all,Shibs,"I was very hyped up for this game and i got it 2 days after release, i played the beta and had no problems. I was aware of the peer to peer connection however, i thought my internet could handle it. Guess i was wrong! I would only be able to connect to my friends 40% of the time. However, when it does work it can suprisingly be fun but for now i don't think it's worth the money. Especially at such a high price point."
,Not Recommended,304390,30322080,Posted: 4 March,all,Gwain,"It's a great game. I really like it. and it's the friendliest community I've met in a LOOOONG while.There's only one problem, you will have connection problems more often than not because someone thought than not having dedicated servers was a good idea.5/5 game0/5 connection"
,Not Recommended,304390,31324934,Posted: 23 April,all,KumikoShy,"Game is great.Servers are sh*t.Season pass is an joke , 3 months now and nothing new (costs only 40€ to get nothing after months).Ubisoft have nice ideas for games , but always somehow f*ck it up."
76561198139516845,Not Recommended,304390,30133135,Posted: 23 February,all,indivius,"I would love to recommend this game because I love the game mechanics, but there are 2 main problems:1. Game crashes/errors that either force you to either quit the game or throw you back into the main menu. Let's say you fought 10 hard minutes in a 4v4 and then the host leaves it can happen that you find yourself back in the menu with all progress gone. All that wouldn't be that much of Problem if it wouldn't occur that frequently.2. Opponent Levels... I'll just say this: i played the open Beta 20 hours, I started the game. I went into a 1v1, my opponent was 40 Levels higher, guess who of us got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I had a extremely hard time to even win one 1v1 because I always faced way more skilled players, even with the additional expirience from the open beta.So if you aren't 100% sure, that you will love the game (like me), you will only get frustrated either by the matchmaking or because you got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a lvl60 player for the 10th time in a row. That expirience isn't worth 60€."
,Not Recommended,304390,30124584,Posted: 23 February,all,Sanus Ga(L)(L)us,"I am not going to bother with port-forwarding (since I can't connect to any game) anything after purchasing game worth 60 euro, this is not 2005 anymore, its 2017 and despite game looking like ton of fun, I am not going to support ubicrap.*edit* Managed to fix it before they accepted my refund, thus I am able to play, but doesn't change fact about P2P being terrible"
,Not Recommended,304390,32372052,Posted: 12 June,all,GachiMuchi,biggest disappointment of 2017 i hate my life for paying full price for this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,29935869,Posted: 14 February,all,Staumrel,"I would like to preface this saying that I absolutely love the gameplay, aesthetics, and atmosphere of the game, and that I have been waiting for since the day it was announced.I cannot in good conscious recommend this game in its current form.There are a staggering number of issues that the game is suffering from that shouldn't be possible given the fact that there were multiple Betas to screen for them.  In general, I would say about 80% of my playtime was spent navigating the menus of the game and waiting for a match to start only for some error message to alert me that I was getting kicked from a match.Of what little I played of the singleplayer campaign, I was not totally impressed.  Having the player replay a tutorial when the game already starts with one is a bit ridiculous. I'm not sure if it was because I was playing on Realism difficulty or what, but the checkpoint system also leaves a lot to be desired.The final sticking point I'll bring up (And I'm sure many others have as well) are the price tags atatched to the game.  You can buy the Steel needed to find, upgrade, and customize characters, which would give an edge to anyone willing to do that on game that already has a $60 price tag.  Instead of figuring out how to nickel and dime the playerbase, would it kill Ubisoft to make sure that the game has actually improved from the Beta?I'm currently waiting to see if Steam will refund me as I have burned about 6 hours trying to find some other redeeming factor to supplement the solid gameplay.  Maybe in the future, if the game gets the fixes it desperately needs, I'll be able to recommend it.P.S. Ubisoft, did you know that when I hit ""Quickmatch"", I want to find a game to join?  I don't need to be told that whatever game you tried to place me in is full, just let me know when you've found a lobby for me to join."
,Not Recommended,304390,29942045,Posted: 15 February,all,Casvus,"Ubisoft haven't fixed the connectivity, do you even listen to your customers ubisoft?""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""I'm just gonna grind till Rep 3 and buy champion status once Ubisoft fix those P2P, for once Ubisoft...... I think I'll have faith in you!"
76561198114233532,Not Recommended,304390,30645118,Posted: 20 March,all,Chunky_Rabbs,"You want to play For Honor? Here's a few things that I personally have encountered.-Peer to peer connection, can only be summerized by simply saying; ""We're too cheap to get servers""-Toxic toxic community! I've played many games before and I've been part of many game communities but for honors community can only be matched by the toxic sweat filled low testosterone atmosphere of call of duty. Do you like hearing ""it's only a game"" or ""get gud"" or ""lol ez"" ect. then this game may be for you.-Gear and perks. When not playing private matches of 1v1/2v2 you'll have your gearscore and gear stats effect your character. normally in any game with good matchmaking this wouldn't be aproblem. That is not the case in For Honor though. You will often be placed in games with people who gear and level make it nearly impossible for you to play or have fun.-""skill"" This game will often try to fool you into thinking that you just need good reaction time and skill to win but that is not the case. To win you'll need a character that is considered ""OP"" atleast a gearscore of 80 and a really fast internet connection.-""Honor"" At the begining of the game there was indeed a sense of ""honor"" where cheap tatics and ganging up in people were looked down upon. The sense of honor in this game has 180'd making it full of people who make it their purpose to win in the cheapest and most unfair way possible.Please don't let my salt and bad grammar fool you I absolutely loved this game in the beginning of it's life. Now I can barely stomach this game, I didn't play enought to level at the same speed as the others on launch and have suffered for it ever since. I hope I seriously hope that the game improves and becomes friendlier. I do not reccomend playing this game unless you have a high tolerance to salt, sweat, and toxicity then by all means try this game...yet if you prefer something with a less toxic enviroment then DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!!!!"
76561197991844714,Not Recommended,304390,30030357,Posted: 19 February,all,Rex Smashington,Game is fun.Some classes have a lot of cheese in them right now.If they ever fix the servers so if a host leaves it doesn't fail migration and kick everyone to the main menu I'll give it a thumbs up.
76561198118832290,Not Recommended,304390,33803104,Posted: 26 July,all,Theredpanda,"After notplaing the game for who knows how long, i decided to join a dominion pvp match and SUPRISE SUPRISE! took me atleast 5 min to get into the game and then when i got in the game it kept on laggin saying that people where joining/leaving and it did this in a fight which went from me about to kill the guy to me being utterly humiliated. A guy was afk the entire game with some sort of bot as he rolled into the same wall all game and since there is no vote kick we just had one man less. we lost the game then the game started to glitch and it bugged out by restartiing the game over, only we could not lock on using the guard system. so it was a blood bath of people randomly swinging until i got bored and left... since i left (A BUGGED GAME)  i was not able to join a game within 10 min and thats when i closed the game andd decided to write this review."
,Not Recommended,304390,30322065,Posted: 4 March,all,OmegaDN,"It's a shame because this game is pretty fun. However, it's not worth all the random disconnects and terrible match making setup. You'll spend more time waiting in menus than playing the game. Don't waste your time."
76561198230876864,Not Recommended,304390,32227614,Posted: 6 June,all,Caboose,"I loved this game at the beginning, but once everyone figured out the exploits and the overpowered characters, it was just frustrating to play. Ubisoft has promised to fix many bugs and exploits, but many are still in the game; For example, zone flicker. I would not recommend this game to anyone until Ubisoft cleans up their act, listens to the community, and fix their game."
76561198137363425,Not Recommended,304390,30050295,Posted: 19 February,all,LifelessAlloy54,"I'm going to just put my foot down here, and say that peer to peer is the absolute worst game idea for a MULTIPLAYER focused Game. It's even the most prone to hackers and modders. People Teleporting in 1 v 1 Duels beating your♥♥♥♥♥and there Stat's are even getting nice and fat thanks to this. Lots of time if you get friends that have For Honor as well, you run int even more issue's, I can Connect to Friend A, but Friend B cannot connect to Me, And only one of us can be in the group with Friend A without the other one getting failed to connects. the connection drops are bad, lag-Switches are real and the game is pretty damn good and fleshsed out past the Cheap♥♥♥♥♥Orochi spam. I would give this a good recommendation, but they ♥♥♥♥ed up the multiplayer to a point that you almost don't want to play the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29960662,Posted: 16 February,all,Kawaii-Masta (B-Day In 5 Days),"Edit : Seems i wasn't clear enough by watching the war in the coms, i already know about the whole 'Change your NAT through your Router' Thing, don't you think i've didn't checked every workaround possible before writing this review? as i said i like this game, i'd like to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, but it's scandalous to release a game while knowing peoples who's got Strict NAT havn't access to 75% of the game, Period.I'd like to clarify something before starting, the game's good, so why a negative review? well because of one simple but crucial thing.The NATHowever, before talking about this point, let's enumerate the good aspects of the game.>Graphics/animations/Level-design/Optimisation>Weapons feeling is gorgeous.>Well balanced characters, every character has his counter-character, which rewards players for skillful playing.>Significant to change, in a good way (Free DLC's, Game modes, etc..)>Co-Op campaign, basic but effective.>Gorgeous Combats (At least when you do a 1v1).>The Honorable side of the community, thoses who waits the end of a 1v1 before engaging the enemy.Now the good points are done, let's talk about the MOST ♥♥♥♥♥IEST NETCODE I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.-But what's the NAT?Basicly, the NAT (Network address translation) is#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authora method of remapping one IP address space into another by modifying network address information in Internet Protocol (IP) datagram packet headers while they are in transit across a traffic routing device.[1] The technique was originally used for ease of rerouting traffic in IP networks without readdressing every host. In more advanced NAT implementations featuring IP masquerading, it has become a popular and essential tool in conserving global address space allocations in face of IPv4 address exhaustion by sharing one Internet-routable IP address of a NAT gateway for an entire private network.The NAT is a pretty common issue in Peer2Peer games, but in For Honor, this is beyond dumb.- For Honor's NAT is classed in three levels : Open, Moderate, StrictOpen : You can play the game properly without any concerns (perhaps you might experiance some lag but it's probably server-sided)Moderate : You will have some connecting issues, sometimes getting kicked out of lobbys but in the end, the game will be more or less playableStrict : Don't even try to play, you won't be able to join almost any lobby of the god damn game, and even if you have some luck, you'll be kicked out of the game imidiatlely, which only left 1v1 player vs AI, Hell i can't even run a Private Game! it's a eternal loading! Oh and i can't get the items i've got after a game, due to ""Server's busy""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=865078513I'd like to know how the dev team considered their product was good to go when Strict NAT players can't access to 75% of the game.Thx Ubi-Scums. What a wonderful waste of my Time."
76561198008408022,Not Recommended,304390,30482662,Posted: 12 March,all,Zeroar,"Somewhere within this pile of garbage there is a fun game; however, it's buried beneath the typical ubisoft handiwork:BugsMicrostransactionsPay-to-winPoor balancingUI errorsAlways online single playerConnection issues"
76561198067851500,Not Recommended,304390,30078498,Posted: 21 February,all,Bubba Kitty,"I love the gameplay.But the entire game is shut down, ESPECIALLY LOCAL LEARNING BOT PLAY when the servers need maintiance.Big F for that Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30061540,Posted: 20 February,all,ClumsyTurtle,"At this point in time I can't recommend the game.Uplay is ...  well it's Uplay.Using a peer to peer system is bad for people who don't have a stable internet connection It hasn't affected me really but it's a pain for lots of people right now.They added microtransaction to buy more in game money, I condemn any and all microtransations it's bad for the consumer.I just brought the Mythic outfit for my main hero (which is 15,000 steel or £12 - £15) by not spending ANY steel (EDIT: Most of that steel was given from a one time gift for completing the story and tutorials) since launch and just did daily orders and completed the campaign, so there is a bit of a grind.BUGS lots and lots of BUUUGSYay, who doesn't like bugs at launch. The bugs are minor but they effect the gameplay and I have seen loads which mostly will be fixed  in the next patch WHENEVER THAT IS.Now my main issue with the game which has a simple fix but will the devs be ♥♥♥♥ing bothered to do it? i don't know.ELIMINATION MODE! Everyone complains about people running for buffs at the start of the match and get really really salty, I have been lucky enough not to have a lot of people do this tactic but all the devs have to do is put the buffs on cooldown at the start of the match to stop this happening simple right ?Now a lot of people complain about balancing for the heros I personally think they are ok (unpopular opinion, I know) other than the bugs some of them have right now *COUGH* Shugoki double hit glitch *COUGH* but everything can be blocked, avoided or countered if you know how. BUT at the moment the majority of players are complaining for nerfs so the devs will have to do what the masses say under threat of being hung drawn and quarted.Now I love this game I will continue playing the game but cannot recommend this until some of the issues are resloved."
,Not Recommended,304390,29980452,Posted: 17 February,all,Spookghetti,"For starters, this is an amazing game, nothing wrong with that aspect. The issue is the servers. While I dont have problems with connecting to games, some of my friends do, and I couldnt recomend the game to everyone if theres a possibility it wont work. If youre willing to take the chance, or wait for a patch or something along those lines, buy it, its great! Ubisoft had a rocky start with siege and now its very popular, hopefully the same thing happens with this game as well."
76561198008317244,Not Recommended,304390,30356318,Posted: 6 March,all,Tanryoku,"I love the game, I really do but the technical part of it destroys it all.It can get pretty frustrating or course, like all pvp focused game I guess. But if you get good, you get rewarded. Skills matter. You will get good and bad fights, but you will get emotions out of it and that's what matters.BUT OH MY GOD the servers. P2P or whatever, I get kicked out almost 1 out of 2 4v4 games, I have trouble sometime playing with just one friend, you can't play solo AT ALL (no story, notraining mode whatsoever) if the servers aren't up.This is way too expansive for what it's worth, so much frustration out of those simple issues that Ubi could take care of if they wanted to.I love this game, Please Ubi fix it. because it's not properly playable at the moment."
,Not Recommended,304390,33473008,Posted: 11 July,all,Friday Stingray,"i have no idea why would i buy another ubi multiplayer game right after the division♥♥♥♥♥♥storm, potato server is completely over rated, i would rather give this 59.99 to feed the hungry kids at africa. ♥♥♥♥ ubi."
,Not Recommended,304390,30052008,Posted: 19 February,all,RadStratRadar,"Well Ubisoft, here we are again...Somehow you have gotten seventy more of my dollars, despite my better judgement. And like a battered housewife, I keep coming back for more.I generally don't bother leaving reviews, but I have not been this frustrated and digusted with a game and it's community since the hideous disappointment that was the new Star Wars Battlefront. In fact, both games have a lot in common, the main things being that while they are both beautiful to look at, the shiny exterior hides the shallow and broken insides.I played both the closed and open beta for this game (on PS4 and PC respectively), so I knew mostly what I was getting into. And while For Honor honestly has the pontential to actually be a pretty damn decent game, it has too many moments that make you want to smash your face into your monitor.I'll start with the upsides - like I said, it's very pretty to look at. Not only graphically, but the animations are impressively fluid. Even just going from one light attack on a grunt soldier to another is well executed and feels fun and seamless. There is a slight learning curve, but it's not a huge hurtle to overcome with the tutorials, story mode, and basic practice. The different classes are varied enough to not be too similar, but also easy enough to interchange between them. And I really enjoy all the customizations. While it can be something of a grind to acquire new stuff through leveling, there are plenty of things to unlock, both in level rewards and drops. And when you finally start to get into the groove with your character, it's a thrill to see those kills add up. You feel pretty badass, and the executions never get old.Now, onto the bad - something pretty much everyone complains about I'm sure - the connection issues. Anytime I try to start a PvP match, I get a message saying the match is full. Really? Oh, thanks for the info. Super helpful. Maybe just... I don't know.. keep searching for a match I won't be immediately booted from? And then there's the error messages. Pre match. DURING a match. Terrible lag (and it ain't my internet, I have 100 mbps net speed). Lag even in local, all AI, no matchmaking matches. WTF? Why? And to be honest... and this will sound a bit silly considering this is mainly a multiplayer based game... I hate playing with people. They tend to be the worst about 90% of the time, and those aren't good odds. Just tonight I was in an elimination match with a bunch of Vikings who did nothing but spam the stupid guard break button the entire time. Technically it's not cheating, but it's basically a cheap, cheesy♥♥♥♥♥tactic so close enough. That's just frustrating as hell. And I don't care if I sound butt-hurt complaining about that. People who can only play a game by cheating are sad individuals and I can't see how it can make the experience fun. Maybe I'm the lame one for enjoying a challenge, and beating a game based off my own skill. But I digress....I stick to bot matches mostly for that reason. And even there the game has problems. The imbalance is pretty clear when in one match my bot teammates are decimating our oppenents, and the next they're dying instantly leaving me to get ganked by four enemies. Beyond this, the rest of my gripes are pretty minimal. I hate that you can end a match with no loot drop. For pete's sake Ubisoft, even dropping one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of gear that we could destroy for materials would be better than nothing. But that wouldn't earn them microtransaction money, would it?? I also feel the controls are a bit wonky. Now this might be me, or it might be my use of an xbox 360 controller instead of the keyboard and mouse (gasp!), but I swear to the almighty there are too many times one of my blocks or counters don't register when they should. And it is quite frustrating.I really wanted to like this game. It had the potential to be different and engaging, but the story is flat and the gameplay is rocky. The Division made me distrust Ubisoft... but I gave them one final chance. I will never preorder a game from them again, and I highly recommend doing the same. They have to learn that they can't make promises, take our money, and not deliver. And in this game, the server problems and toxic community are enough to ruin it for most of us. All I have left to say is... I'm so glad I didn't buy the season pass."
76561198061952424,Not Recommended,304390,29981373,Posted: 17 February,all,Kuritorisu,"""for honor beta"" was a more stable game than the ""finished"" gamegj ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,304390,33617041,Posted: 17 July,all,Skips,You were supposed to be amazing... It is not your fault. Maybe one day we will meet again in Valhalla. Goodnight brother.EDITED: The promise land is coming. We may have eternal glory after all.(Dedicated servers makes this review subject to change)Trying to get back into the game for a bit. Main issues are still present and I realize dedicated servers aren't the solution. I'll probably repeat what a lot of people say. The idea of For Honor is great. The execution was horrible. I just wish the meta wasn't the same stale♥♥♥♥♥♥the entire time. Passive play is what will win you games.
76561198130794935,Not Recommended,304390,29973639,Posted: 16 February,all,GrandViking,"The game is good... nice combat mechanism, decent graphics and cool single player game story.but there is an awefull thing... it requires a constant internet conection for single player campaign or even to browse the game menu. It's extremely anoying to play a single player mission for 20 minutes and be kicked out of the game because you lost conection for a second. You cant even use the main menu interface... customize settings or even GET OUT OF THE GAME without an internet conection. If for some reason you lost internet signal, the game takes you to a ""press any key"" screen... and without internet you will press it and the game will take you back to the same screen.not even blaming steam and uplay advertisement for telling us we would have an offline single player campaign... but being able to not be kicked out of a single player game is the least I expected from a game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29929387,Posted: 14 February,all,ekze,"If you happen to live in China or any of CIS region countries, not only you are locked from using English text/menu (thanks for including English voice), but your matchmaking is locked to those who has RU/CN version. Meaning very long queue times even if you live in one of those countries, but if you move somewhere else and try to find a game with this version, you will almost certainly will never be able to.I need to emphasize that Ubisoft doesn't even give us the option to buy higher priced version, we're stuck. Ubisoft also doesn't seem to realize that not only Russian speakers live in that region. There are countries in CIS that doesn't even have Russian as official language. Nevertheless, they are stuck to only playing with Russians.I have refunded the game as soon as I found out about it. If they don't respect us so much to put us in reservations, they don't deserve my money.If you try to open support ticket about the issue they will either close the issue without answering or say there is nothing they can do.This is for any version you buy in this regions. Steam, Uplay, Retail - all the same. No way around it.http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1571896-Locked-out-of-english-localization?p=12305165&viewfull=1#post12305165TL;DR: RU/CN version is locked to only play with players who has the same version."
76561198042898225,Not Recommended,304390,34536250,Posted: 27 August,all,Bypex,"I played this game for about 130 hours directly after its release, and ignored the countless times one of my friends (or myself) got disconnected, but since there are no servers this happened quite often. Also the Community was really bad at that time, so i lost interesst in the game pretty fast.Just recently I got back to the game and discovered, that when one of your friends disconnects now, which still happens every 3rd to 5th game, you cant even quit the game and start another one with your friends, since you will get a 10 minute ban for every single gamemode. So the situation didnt get any better, but instead got worse. And the community is as bad as last time I played.So if you are thinking of buying this game, to play alone or with friends, i think there are so much more and better ways to spend 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,304390,32690634,Posted: 23 June,all,Andrew,"Ubisoft really, really screwed us."
,Not Recommended,304390,29969830,Posted: 16 February,all,archaznable,CONNECTION ERROR BATTLE SIMULATOR 2017
,Not Recommended,304390,32713256,Posted: 23 June,all,Boaty McBoatface,Game with great potential ruined by evil company. Do not touch
,Not Recommended,304390,30023267,Posted: 18 February,all,Fluffinator,Peer to Peer why
,Not Recommended,304390,29942105,Posted: 15 February,all,Bonbon,"I just really, really, really wanted For Honor to be good. Peer to Peer connections and microtransactions are why I refunded.Mechanically, this game is great, and did new things I hadn't seen in a Melee fighting game before; It was fun and innovative and during the betas seemed like it could work despite Ubisoft being involved.When For Honor fully released, it was night and day difference; constantly being returned to the title screen, kicked from parties, disconnected from matchmaking AND my network at home. Rediculous first-day problems that should have been solved during testing phases and with a play model involving dedicated servers.Thanks, Ubisoft. At least Steam refunded the $99.99 for the season pass."
76561198061403132,Not Recommended,304390,30636557,Posted: 20 March,all,Kyousuke Azai,"I knew Ubi was going down the dump hole these past few years, yet I somehow, somewhere believed, that maybe, this would be one of those gems, which would be worthwhile.And initially it looked like it as well... Sadly albeit only after 20 hours, I'm done.- File this one under ""Cashgrabs"" JimboIt honestly boggles the mind, how did a rock-solid game end up with the worst netcode of all time KNOWINGLY. We realized Peer2peer is garbage back in 2007 and yet someone up there in Ubi thought ""Yeah, that's a great idea, let's not spend comparatively no money for servers to ensure smooth gameplay and functionality, no, let's instead leave it up to players.""Requiring players in this day and age to open up ports on their routers, when I'm almost certain a solid 90% of them either has no access to their routers or has no idea how to do it in order to ensure the game working as it is suppossed to? No, actually, open up ports, that leave you vulnerable to attacks from outside is a great idea.Because of peer2peer the game has lost well over 50% of its players already, meaning getting into a lobby is ridiculously difficult and when after probably 10-20 minutes you do manage to get in a game, it will crash after 2 minutes, that is, if it even loads in the first place. Playing dominion is a straight up impossibility at this point, or anything with 4+ players for that matter, add onto that a pile of frame rate drops for no apparent reason and you've got yourself a state this game has gotten to in a rather shockingly small amount of time.A lot of people have asked me if it's worth buying this game, to which, my response always was ""Get it on sale, but for no more than 20 bucks"", you know, at this point, I truely doubt it's worth even those 20 bucks, since even a Free2play model wouldn't save this one. Not to even mention the upgraded ""editions"" of the game and a 60 dollar(Oh yeah sure) season pass.This game looked amazing, but once you take a bite out of it, you will discover the endless stream of rot and worms spewing out of it.And I think, it's time for me to check out right now."
,Not Recommended,304390,29986324,Posted: 17 February,all,Blood Moon,"As much as I try to love ""For Honor"", it has too many issues that cannot be ignored. First off the game has no servers, it uses peer 2 peer transfer in matches, therefore it's already inacceptable for a fighting game like this to have this kind of network system. It is not like Ubisoft cannot afford it, no, Ubisoft is either too lazy or too greedy to make dedicated servers, the results are: lag, getting booted out of matches, getting matched against people from other continents who do create a fake game experience because either their moves do not trigger as fast as they should or yours do not. The next issues are the stupid spam characters that are from my perspective unbalanced, especially in a game without dedicated servers characters who rely on multiple strikes of the same sort already have a huge advantage over characters that play mainly on defense, not to mention that ledges do not really belong in such game. The game itself is lovely, the atmosphere is great, the animations are great, the cosmetics look gorgeous, the customization is fun and gives the player a lot of options to make his own warrior unique. Sadly, ""For Honor"" in its current state, is only fun to play with friends who make the experience less painful or who make the will to win literally non existent. I would love to see Ubisoft actually do something about the connectivity issues this game really has and it really needs a change regarding that.Even when Ubisoft actually releases a good game they still manage to screw things up though they had multiple alpha versions and multiple beta launches, it's just sad.Edit: To those people who play it for singleplayer, I do not know if you will enjoy it or not, simply because the story is poor from my perspective, it does not make you eager to know what happens next because it's just meaningless killing without even knowing why you do it, just because some random antagonist said so. Short said: No blockbuster story lol"
76561198053043243,Not Recommended,304390,29926850,Posted: 14 February,all,korchup,"CAUTION: Nice game, bad UbisoftStuck with the RU/CN menus just because I'm in the region and no option for english.Did some research and realized I'm stuck with the languagewhats more, aparently matchmaking in RU/CN ver of the game is also region locked to those with the same versions of the game so there are long wait times. :(guess I'm refunding thisBAD UBISOFT!"
76561198071703279,Not Recommended,304390,30257377,Posted: 1 March,all,Deadfortress,"Unbalanced, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers ♥♥♥♥ this game to hell"
,Not Recommended,304390,30009083,Posted: 18 February,all,Roxby,"Playing single player:Unable to connect to ubisoft servers,  leaving game.Kicks me out of single player!  HAHA DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,304390,30065078,Posted: 20 February,all,Talh,"Great game, good combat. Like others say, the P2P sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Honestly, invest in servers and host the matches yourselves. It would make for quicker matchmaking AND more reliable connection. Not sure why you charged $60 and have microtransactions with the quality of matchmaking and connection. This is 2017, get your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.Would recommend the game if not for this fatal flaw. Only writing so there's 1 more negative review so hopefully Ubisoft makes some changes."
76561198122571158,Not Recommended,304390,29923379,Posted: 14 February,all,Butter,"Gameplay is fun and addicting.Visuals are amazing and runs great on my PC.Bit of a steep price for $79.99, I wouldn't mind if the game actually worked.Every time I 'Quit to World Map', my game freezes and have to Ctrl+Alt+Del out.$80 to push Ctrl+Alt+Del, worth if that's your kind of game"
76561198203320954,Not Recommended,304390,34863030,Posted: 10 September,all,KevinVE,Ubisoft really knows how to ruin a game.It was alot of fun.
76561197971384435,Not Recommended,304390,29944051,Posted: 15 February,all,Jester,"Don't buy it, it's not worth 60 Bucks and if you got any issues with it, you won't get any help from the support.For Instance I can't join friends, while the rest of the game is playable without any problems, be it multi- or singleplayer. I played at the open weekend without this issue and happily slaughterd and be slaughterd with or by my friends. But now i get just a massage saying ""unable to join group. please try again later"". Not even an error code. The meagrely help they offer on their support site didn't do anything. So i wrote to the Support...I now waited 5 hours for an answer, while a guy in the offical forums is waiting since the beta in january with the exact same issue. Here is a link to theoffical froum of Ubisoft and the thread. All that, while people whowhinethat their ingame collectors edition content is missing get ananswerin two hours.This is a common issue just search for it, still Ubisoft don't list it under the known issues. Their Support site and Facebook page deal nearly exclusively with things like ""What's in the Season Pass?"" and ""Where can i redeem my exclusiv preorder code?""...  60€ for a game and 40€ for a Season Pass and both have not enough content to  justify the price while even their Support only deals with milking money out of their customers.Conclusion: Upaysoft only helps you if you buy their garbage for 150€ or more.Ubisoft needs to rethink their business model.Don't get me wrong, it's still a good game. If you really want to play it buy it and look if it works. If not get the refund from steam, but don't expect help from Ubisoft.Finally Ubisoft replied after 5 hours with the stock ""sorry for your inconvinience""-message. Way to late and way to less in my opinion. Doesn't matter, my refund got through i got my money back.Refund FTW!-------------------------------------------------------------------Edit: Grammer, Ubisoft reply, links clarified"
,Not Recommended,304390,29981922,Posted: 17 February,all,!Echo,"The server is the only problem in this game, frequently dc from the game,, i hope ubisoft can fix this otherwise they are gonna lose a lot of player in short time,."
76561198043375301,Not Recommended,304390,30362340,Posted: 6 March,all,chimp,"had great potential, just too bad ubisoft had to ruin it by being a pile of smelly feces. gg no re"
,Not Recommended,304390,29927962,Posted: 14 February,all,大魔王Coder4,worth $30 but selling at $80  :(
,Not Recommended,304390,29920825,Posted: 14 February,all,MrBusiness,"Dear Ubisoft - pick ONE:-Premium Price-tag-P2P networking-Paid Progression-Forcing Your Own Client RegistrationNo way can you have it all.I played through the Betas but have unfortunately had to request a refund. It is far too much.The strengths of this game are fun and engaging combat, as well as possibly the highest production value I have ever seen in a game. Well optomized, smooth animations, excellent graphics and aesthetics.But it offers far too little for far too much, and it is clear Ubisoft excpect to milk more and more out of the customer as time goes on."
,Not Recommended,304390,31795444,Posted: 16 May,all,The Legitimate Thin Sleazy,"Pros:- Amazing gameplay. The mechanisms are completely different from pretty much any other game- Community. Honestly 60% of them are toxic but in my experience they are all joyfully easy to mess with. The other 40% are tremendously friendly and a real pleasure to play a game or two with.- Gear system. People hate it and I can see why, but honestly I think it's better than anything. It makes the game unpredictable and keeps it from getting bland. (Plus despite what people say, it's really not game-breaking).-Not P2W. A LOT of people will disagree here. Steel can be used to buy experience boosters and gear, but its purposes are mostly cosmetic. You can drop an extra $40 on this game to max out a hero's gear, but all that really does is make the learning curve a LITTLE bit easier. This game is fairly difficult, having higher stats comes nowhere close to knowing what you are doing. Play the game a bit, accept that you will not be the greatest player ever, and that you will probably get wrecked a lot when you start.Cons:- As everyone else here will say, the servers are crap. What should be dedicated is peer to peer, with a tendency to throw random people together and not actually find the people closest to you. Personally I only have a real issue every 5 games or so, but other people seem to have more.- Low playerbase. It seems like it's mostly caused by the servers being crap and ample connectivity issues. I love the game and I can deal with the occasional outage, but the lack of players has made several game modes unplayable (Such as brawl, which is a 2v2 game mode and also my favorite). The only really viable mode now is Dominion, which is a point control game.- No penalty for leaving matches early. It's a common thing, one guy will ragequit in a match and suddenly the advantage shifts heavily, and then everyone on their team will waterfall into quitting and the winning team gets stuck with bots. Eventually new players replace the bots and get stuck in a game which they are losing at the start. I've had 6 hour binges where literally every game I played was joining in late.- Matchmaking. It's a pathetic attempt at it. For example, occasionally games will start without the lobby being full (Oh well) so the missing players are played by bots. Sometimes, it will be a 4v4 and one team will have two bots and the lowest levels in the match at the start. It also doesn't include gear level. Gear is not the tide-turning, end-all be-all thing people make it out to be, but it does make enough of a difference to need to be accounted for.- ""No Honor"". The community can be garbage. People complain about spam constantly and can't handle the ""Dishonorable"" kills. As a heads up to anyone reading this who owns or wants to buy the game, every spam combo can be easily ended by the touch of one button, either dodge, parry, or guardbreak. There are very rare instances where you are 100% helpless against an attack, and those situations only occur when you screw up.- Revenge/Gear. Revenge is a mechanic meant to make a gank possible to survive; your defense goes up, health is partially restored, and you do a LOT more damage. In a 3v1 the lone player can get revenge and at the very least give himself some breathing room. The problem with this is that gear (Which I also consider a pro) can be leveled into giving you revenge faster, which goes as far as people getting it twice in a 1v1.The last one is more of an opinion. When you get into a good game it's a ton of fun, but getting into a game alone is difficult, and getting into a well-matched game is nigh impossible. Might be worth buying on sale, but for full price I would laugh at you."
,Not Recommended,304390,30077953,Posted: 21 February,all,Dadecum,"P2P servers are a stupid idea, a game based on reaction times should always have dedicated servers. And NAT types? I have perfectly good internet but have a moderate nat type, so its very buggy to play with my friend who has strict. And he has better internet than me, so why the hell is he strict?.The way its made this game will die in less than 2 months"
,Not Recommended,304390,30007097,Posted: 18 February,all,Horrible4,"Would I recommend this at retail price? Absolutely not...this game is not finished. I don't know how well other games from Ubisoft worked at launch, but this one was barely thought out. They got the core mechanics and what they wanted to do down to a T. But ubisoft - once again, has to mess it up somehow. Ubisoft comes up with GREAT concepts for games, in fact, there is nothing wrong with the games themselves, it's when they want to put detail into it when they start failing, this added complexity combined with their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tier servers and it makes a great game turn into a HORRIBLE experience.I play For Honor, Rainbow Six Siege, and The Division, and each one features disconnection errors, unstable servers, and a non-existant matchmaking system. (A matchmaking system exists, but its so simple, it may as well not exist). So, all of these games have contradicting facts. ""This is what's supposed to happen"", says ubisoft, but then during the actual game, that's not what happens. This hasn't changed in For Honor.Ubisoft, YOU NEED TO FIX YOUR SERVERS FOR THIS GAME TO WORK. I don't even know how they're still getting away with this, but this needs to stop. Especially in a game where your reaction time is EVERYTHING, lag has to be reduced in any way you can. You cannot accomplish this when your servers won't even allow connections between NAT types. It seems the servers are always working against the games strengths, and all it does is create frustration when you clearly block in the attacking direction and you take damage anyways all because of a lack of decent servers and latency.This isn't the only problem Ubisoft has created with this game; it is blatantly obvious they put no thought into how they were going to balance each hero. It's clear what heroes work and which ones don't, because you never see anybody playing the Valkyrie or the new Samurai Heavy (forgot its name), and why you constantly see Lawbringers, Kenseis, Berserkers, and Peacekeepers. Because these heroes have movesets that require the least amount of effort to kill your opponent. The players that benefit from the latency in the servers will only play these heroes, and spam the same move to get what they want. It's SO obvious this is what's happening when the AI uses the same tactics. It's even more annoying when you get matched against people that use this tactic, beat you 3-0 in brawl, and then Ubisofts awful matchmaking system picks the SAME two people out of the 30,000 people playing as your next opponents. This same thing happens in Rainbow Six Siege and makes me wonder at all about how the people at Ubisoft still have jobs.I have no problem with you using the same moveset a dozen times, but when it's used as a means to progress through the game entirely, you defeat the entire purpose of the rest of the hero and all of the work spent putting together this very VERY complex fighting system. But I digress. The point is that it's not helping to balance the game at all, and it makes the rest of the heroes redundant.Ubisoft had all of Closed Alpha, Closed Beta, and Open Beta to fix this - to come up with SOME sort of balance for each hero. It's baffling that Siege operators can be balanced, but they completely flop on this game.[UPDATE]Alright, so after a few updates to this, do note that I am FULLY aware that my recommendation is completely subjective, as I am with all of my other reviews. I'm not going to argue about whether or not it's right, I just don't think this game is worth the full retail price.To Ubisoft's credit, they ARE making fixes. However, this does not excuse the fact that some features of the game have been broken since launch and have yet to be fixed by a company that is well off with resources. Such fixes have included patches to their servers to make connecting more consistent, but still have to fix their strange need for NAT matchmaking (Strict NATs cannot join other strict NATs). I could go into further depth but I have no interest to continue updating this review.I feel I have played a sufficient amount of time to be able to say I cannot recommend this game. The campaign is too short, sloppy, and boring. Multiplayer is still misbalanced and does not treat new players fairly.There's so much missed potential for a game like this, but of course as soon as a company sees the hype behind the product, they rush it out the door as soon as possible. It's getting fairly ridiculous how much Ubisoft does this that I cannot understand why anyone would take what they show at E3 seriously."
76561198083977544,Not Recommended,304390,29920257,Posted: 14 February,all,ChildishPrivito,"So let me start by saying this, This in my opinion is a GREAT GAME! However the p2p connection is absolutley horrid! the first hour of me owning a game i CANT EVEN FIND A MATCH! just paid 60 bucks for a game that doesnt even work. fix this and i will give it a fair shot."
76561198023678963,Not Recommended,304390,30078029,Posted: 21 February,all,Crungus Bungus,"Game has too much premium pay content, I spent hours playing, a fun game, but not one i can see being worth the price being what i got. I had to unfortuantely refund it due to it being the only game i have ever played to give me so much connection issues, as well as people that paid premium prices to basically have everything day one. Thats nonsense."
76561198017095816,Not Recommended,304390,32691296,Posted: 23 June,all,spacemarine,"Well,what can i say about this game-nothing new compared to the comments below.The idea was just amazing,but Sh*tsoft made everything to squize every single dollar and nothing to make this game playable:1)The matchmaking is terrible,top gear players who played the character for like 150+ hours get  matched with new players or someone who started to play the new character.2)The optimization is terrible - no matter which settings i apply i sill get 20-70 fps.There wasn't even fullscreen mode on laptops for like 3 month.No fullscreen in 2017 is just bullsh*t.3)Microtransactions slavery -nothing more to say about.4)Crashes-you've waited for 5-10 minutes to find a game,even managed to win?Get crash before victory screen and don't get anything for the match exept hot chair under you.Don't get me wrong,i've liked the game alot,i got my fun,even now i play the game sometimes but i don't recommend you to buy the game because right now the game lost 95% of playerbase,Sh*tsoft even removed the number which showed how many players play the game in the moment and under every game mode you see ""Very high activity"".PU Battlegrouds have very high activity when u find a game in barely 1 second when here you as i said need to wait for 5 minutes.And the second reason if we continue to buy then Sh*tsoft will continue to put a d**k on game development and it depends on us if we want to get a good game for the money we pay to them.I have little hopes that eventually they will make a good game it was meant to be like they did with rainbow six siege..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30299576,Posted: 3 March,all,vaga,"So here's an honest review for this game;Firstly I love medieval games, and I thought this was the best thing I've ever encountered, it was what Chivalry should have been. The game mechanics are different to any other (very intuitive). However, like everybody else says, the servers are just horrible and I cannot play the game how I wanted. When I heard about the P2P servers, I chuckled a little to myself but I didn't expect it to be this awful. Lag switchers everywhere, game synchronization errors practically every game, and that to me makes it enough for me to not play anymore.Unless Ubisoft release a statement saying that they're adding dedicated servers, I don't think I can play this anymore. Sad really because I love the game, but It's just to frustrating to deal with."
,Not Recommended,304390,29935128,Posted: 14 February,all,Kensung,"So let me preface this. I'm not one for games like this.That said, I enjoyed this game. It controls more akin to lets say dark souls but it feels more like a fighting game during 1v1 combat.(Especially regarding memorizing combos and learning character abilities) The classes all felt like they had unique traits. Combat was challenging although map hazards can be frustrating as well as players suddenly sprinting away from you mid-fight. Multiplayer is hit or miss. Games can be fun when no lag or bugs are there but as often is the case random lag spikes, bugs and other annoying issues can cause you to die to things outside of your control. The biggest issue resulting from their desire to use peer to peer connections instead of dedicated servers. To further on my negative rant about the multiplayer aspects I was able to play the open beta perfectly but as of now I can not play a single multiplayer match for abosulutely no reason even though NAT type is open. To make matters worse before writing this review I was attempting to make a support ticket on ubisoft's support page but even that would fail for whatever reason.(I even tried multiple internet browsers) I am currently requesting a refund( the first one I've done on steam) And would not in the current state of this game recommend a purchase. If things get patched and fixed I would happily recommend it. Till then, save your money."
76561198051351289,Not Recommended,304390,29921453,Posted: 14 February,all,thelegend27 [squid],"After playing the game some more, allow me to refine my review by breaking it up into sections.But first*reaches level 20 in the open beta* *game comes out* ""You must have participated in the open beta to use this item"" .......It's going to be one of those games huh?-Story-Multiplayer-Summary-Other stuff?THE STORYIt's eh. Most missions are the repetive ""Kill everyone and get to point A, then kill everyone on your way to point B. Mission concluded."" but some missions you'll play and wonder why they aren't a multiplayer mode. There's one mission where you have to defend a massive battering ram and it's crew while it crawls it's way to the castle door along a path swbf walker assault style. You'll also experience cutscenes that are mostly scilence with small gestures and nodding in an effort to minimise dialogue.Finally you will pick up followers along your journey as a respective faction but with no way to play as them or have other players play as them for some co-op action (The conqueror in the knights story for example).THE MULTIPLAYEROk so unless I'm the first review you're looking at then you have noticed that THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS PEER 2 PEER FOR SOME REASON AND IT'S FOR A GAME THAT EXISTS IN 2017 AND NOT 2006. This is literally Ubisoft showing us how little they care for their customers and only look at us as mindless cattle just eating thier games just so they can harvest our money. I am only reminded of Pokemon Go when it's 1v2 (you are the 1) and you're blocking attacks left and right, activate your revenge and start kicking some viking tail JUST TO HAVE THE MATCH PAUSE FOR THREE MINUETS because someone ragequit. On the positive side they have little side quests like ""get three kills without dying"" that give you bonus rewards. There is also a battlefield that is divided into a bunch of sections Planetside 2 style and updates every hour or so depending on how well your faction did. Finally the best part about this game is when a game mode says ""High activity"" it takes EIGHT MINUTES TO FIND A SINGLE MATCH.THE SUMMARY+good gramphrics (graphics)+solid combat+each class is fun to play-story is eh-Uplay is a flaming pile of nazi♥♥♥♥♥♥in a racist trash can-PEER 2 PEER IN 2017-SERIOUSLY PEER 2 PEER- - - -WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS IT PEER 2 PEER-Raiders can just spam tackle to win the game-the Shugoki are the most overpowered class I have ever seen in a video gameOTHER SHISHThis is a random assortment of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I loved how the female classes get the same armor as the male versions. Too many times have games with knights given the females g-strings and classified it as ""Full Plate Armor"". The music gets REALLY old REALLY fast.Overall this game could be a 8/10 with recommended but the peer to peer♥♥♥♥♥♥makes it a 4/10 worth ten bucks.and of course they are going to carve this thing up for DLC without fixing the major problems.HONESTLY the ABSOLUTE WORST part about this game is that the whole time you're playing it you know FOR A FACT this game would be so good if UBISOFT DIDN'T MESS WITH IT.wait until it's on sale"
76561198016373592,Not Recommended,304390,29968696,Posted: 16 February,all,Airaneon,1- Enter a game2- Play for 5/6min3- You have been disconnected
,Not Recommended,304390,29962835,Posted: 16 February,all,Sturo,"Combining Samurai, Vikings, and Knights, how could you go wrong?This game has an amazing concept, and when the game works, it plays really well. Don't think of it as a Dynasty Warriors or fast pace action game. Think of it as a fighting game, or Dark Souls PVP. The controls are solid and I can't find any glaring balance issues so far. The single player campaign isn't too bad, I thought the premise to the story could be better, seeing as they had such a great foundation.Gameplay aside, there is a myriad of issues that plague the game. Some are unintentional like network issues, and some are self-imposed.Some people argue that the network issues are client-side, but most people agree that it is on Ubisoft's end. I can only play 2/3 of the matches to completion due to getting dropped from the game. Which is disheartening when it takes a few minutes for matchmaking to find me game, even with an open NAT.My biggest issue withFor Honor, is it's blatant ""Free to Play"" architecture. This game was designed to be F2P. Plain and simple. If I was a gambling man, I would wager my house thatFor Honorwill be free to play within 2 years, and that's being generous. The progression system is slow, only sped up with premium currency thatcanbe acquired through gameplay, but realistically obtained with real money. When I first loaded the game up, I honestly thought I was playing a F2P title. If this game was free to play, it would be amazing, but I paid $60 for it, and all I get is the feeling that Ubisoft just wants more money.Complaints aside, this game has/had potential. I don't see myself playing this game anymore and I deeply regret buying it. I might give it another shot when they get the network issues sorted (They should have had a BETA to sort out the network issues....oh wait.). I'd wait for it to go on sale in a couple months to try it if your interested, but a majority of the player base will be gone and it'll probably take 10-15 minutes to find a match.EDIT: I recently got a ""free"" 10 day VIP status from Twitch Prime, and I've been able to play with increased XP and money gains. The progression feels much better, and is how it should be for everyone. There is more than enough stuff to spend ""steel"" on, don't make it pretty much mandatory for people to spend most of it just to level up at a reasonable pace. My opinions still haven't changed. It's a decent game at it's core, but the business model is (quoting a commentor) cancerous."
,Not Recommended,304390,30345880,Posted: 5 March,all,Rollipollipotamus,"So sad and frustrating. An otherwise beautiful and fantastic game has been completely♥♥♥♥♥♥on by awful networking. I'm not kidding when I say HALF my games error near the end and send me back to the main menu... saving NONE of the progress of the match. The final straw leading me to write this review is when it happened to me THREE GAMES IN A ROW when there was less than a few minutes left in a 15 minute game. That's almost an hour of wasted time just TODAY -- this has happened constantly since I've had the game. Add to that the fact that several times throughout almost EVERY game I've played, the game pauses to adjust some network connection or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This is the very thing that is going to destroy a game that should otherwise be soaring to the top of the charts in popularity. It's current state is simply the ultimate in cringeworthyness. FRUSTERATING WASTE OF $100 for someone buying the gold edition (which would still requre you to spend more money if you want to 'unlock' everything). There is no competitive scene in this game and it's because the NETWORKING AND ARMOR UPGRADES ARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. A cheap way to make as much money on a game as possible which could otherwise be a wholesome and successful product, but all the short cuts taken on this game shine through. I cannot reccommend this game in good consciousness until the BASICS are at least addressed (I think it's called dedicated servers???). /seriousshame"
,Not Recommended,304390,30642857,Posted: 20 March,all,oneshotkyle,Fun gameplay but..........No leaderboard/ladderNo dedicated serversAbusive playstyles
,Not Recommended,304390,34963128,Posted: 14 September,all,Something Hank,"I really hate to add to the negative reviews cause I love this game, but it just gets worse and worse and worse. Ubisoft is plain incompetent."
,Not Recommended,304390,30411658,Posted: 9 March,all,P4NCAK3,There is a legend that says that once every three years you might be able to accually finishing a game without crashing.I don't believe it though.
76561197972226706,Not Recommended,304390,32044098,Posted: 29 May,all,PÖLLÖ,"Not worth buying. End of the season 1 they almoust got game somehow playable, but then they added 2 broken heros in season 2."
,Not Recommended,304390,29918478,Posted: 14 February,all,Faisal,the game is GREAT but even with my good internet i still get lag in 75% of the matches i play...
,Not Recommended,304390,31863371,Posted: 20 May,all,Claus,"Crappy netcode, shallow as ♥♥♥♥ as well as very unbalanced metagame once you start figuring it out and breaking all the moves down, single player is straight up boring garbage.I would say roughly 60% of my online experience was plagued with bugs and malfunctions, and even when it was working the game was pretty rage inducing.It feels intrinsically broken in so many ways I can't even put into words, and it's sad because it's a very appealing concept to me."
76561198083465073,Not Recommended,304390,29920111,Posted: 14 February,all,SaintDiam,"Had to play through the tutorial three times. First when I started. I hate tutorials as is, but whatever. Fine. I'll do it. Then, after finishing that I went to the story missions and had to do THE SAME TUTORIAL AGAIN. Then, after getting nearly to the end, I died and it started me over at the beginning of the mission. And the tutorial part showed up AGAIN. I'm not doing your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial THREE TIMES. No.Additionally its a $60 game with $40 season pass and microtransactions"
76561198337217692,Not Recommended,304390,34680925,Posted: 2 September,all,Quabadaba,"I would not recommend this game as of right now, but know that I say this reluctantly.I followed For Honor along its path through development and I can safely say I fell victim to the hype. I participated in two betas had a lot of fun playing the game, despite its connectivity issues. This is the first game I have EVER pre-ordered and I was incredibly excited to play. As I played though, it became clear that there were several things very VERY wrong with this game.Servers:I bought this game on PC, and at certain points it was impossible to finish Dominion matches. This is upsetting because this leads to an inability to accumulate rewards and unlock gear, emotes, and executions for your favorite characters. At it's worst, the game was unplayable. Even now, so many months after its launch, the frequent connection issues still persist. If you know anything about Ubisoft games, you'll know that this problem plagues their games frequently. It took many months for Rainbow 6 Seige to sort out its server issues. We can only hope that For Honor will turn out the same, although it is incredibly dissapointing that it has taken this long. The devs have at this point promised a change to dedicated servers rather than peer-to-peer. We'll ahve to see.Gameplay;In the betas, gameplay was phenomenally fun. This is partly due to the fact that it was new. After players became experienced however, it because clear that the best way to defeat your opponent was to let them attack YOU and parry/punish them for acting first. Because the combat is based on the ability to punish on reaction, this has become the only consisten and ""safe"" way to play, which, at higher skill levels, translates to the ONLY way to play. At this point, many characters become 1 or 2 trick ponies, never throwing out certain attacks because they are too punishable. If you watch some of the official tournament footage you'll know what I'm talking about. The devs have promised to give the defensive meta a huge overhaul in the hopes of fixing these issues. From what I've seen, these changes are needed and may help a lot if they are implemented correctly.New Content:Like rainbow seige, For Honor releases two new playable heroes every few months or so along with a lot of new gear options for each hero. Although this is generally regarded as a great feature, it has inadvertantly introduced one of the biggest plagues upon this game: Centurion. Centurion is a Roman character introduced at the start of season 2. His design was centered around lots of mix-ups and the ability to continually harry his opponent with lots of flashy moves. Unfortunately however, the final product was a character that was much MUCH stronger than any other character in the game. Given the parry/punish meta, we can compare the viability of character based on the gauranteed damage they recieve from parrying an opponent. Some of the cast gets fairly high punishes, able to get off very respectable damage, but Centurion's punishes were ungodly. After being parried by centurion players enter what they un-affectionally call centurion's ""cutscene."" After being parried centurion gets off a free stab followed by an unblockable punch that knocks the opposing player onto the ground. From this stage, Centurion can initiate a ground stab for massive damage. After the opposing character stands they will most likely be out of stamina and Centurion can continue to wail on them as he pleases. After the inital free stab punch stab though, most of the character will either be left at less than 50% or dead.Player Base:I have discussed many of For Honor's major issues, but, as I have stated before, the developers of this game have given lots of feedback and have communicated with the community about how they intend to impliment changes and fixes to lots of these issues. So, given this information, why is this still a negative review? Well, these changes have not arrived yet and there is currently no way of knowing if they will be as satisfactory as they are being made out to be. But more importantly is the fact that the damage of these major issues is already done. The For Honor PC community is currently not large enough to support several of the game modes that the game offers. Deathmatch and Skirmish are essentially dead in that there are never enough players in these game modes to connect to in a reasonable ammount of time. The remaining playerbase then has flocked to Dominion, duel, and brawl, but the game continues to offer daily rewards from playing game modes that you cannot join. The effect this has had on me is the feeling that I am not getting the experience I paid for. While there has been a slight resurgence of the player base recently with the new season, it has overall been on a steep decline since release, and I hightly doubt it will make a full recovery.Despite all I have stated here, I'm probably still going to be visiting For Honor now and again. The game can still be enjoyable for those wishing to see past its faults, but overall I think this game is really falling short of the potential it had. I would encourage those who read to the bottom to stay tuned and watch as this game continues to envelop, because, despite what I have said, I truly want to be wrong. I hope the developers can fix this game and I truly hope that the player base recovers. But as of right now, this moment, in the state this game resides, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone."
76561198114001939,Recommended,304390,33964086,Posted: 1 August,all,Mathias The Prophet,so this game is hella fun but heres the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....+Pros+ Full customization+ Awsome combat+when it comes down to 1v1 its all about your skill+Imerssive and interesting story if you dig into it+good graphics+great executions-Cons-There are no servers-Some players are cancer-match making is not balancedNeutral commentsthere is no honor in for honorthere is a learning curvemake sure you have a controller when playing or get really good with mouseover all good game need more love and BETTER SERVERS!!!!!!!!!  honestly the servers are killing this games fan base and it has such potintial i really hope it  gets fixed
76561198034428434,Not Recommended,304390,30009067,Posted: 18 February,all,Savalisk,"*MIGHT CONTAIN SPOILERS*Short and sweet because there are enough long reviews to satisfy everyone on this game.At the moment, not recommended.Gameplay is solid, having to strike and block in 3 different directions (up, left and right) requiring you to take your time predicting your opponents strikes and formulating your own plan of attack.Beautiful graphics if your PC can handle it. A story which generally serves to introduce you to the different classes you can play as and present the lead up to what is essentially the conflict in multiplayer, which really seems to come across as a faction within the knights playing a Jigsaw like character from Saw and stirrs trouble between all factions to create everlasting war by giving them a reason to hate each other.Multiplayer, which this game boils down to, it's here and there. You will need a solid internet connection as there are no dedicated servers. We use P2P here. So if your internet connection or someone else who is hosting your match has a bad connection (for that matter) is an issue, you will be playing Player vs AI A TON (especially where you have trouble finding players to fight against)Overall, solid singleplayer experience, Story is average at best, seemingly unfinished. Multiplayer needs attention. Gameplay is fantastic but can't be the only thing holding this game up. I hurt inside when I look at the price for what I get  and then hurt even more when I saw a season pass.If you want a medieval experience, try something else like Kingdom Come... or something similar."
76561197999441054,Not Recommended,304390,29955584,Posted: 15 February,all,Torment_Aus,"Absoultely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right off that Ubisoft haven't fixed the connectivity issues.Why dont you listen to your customers ?????""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu"""
,Not Recommended,304390,29972748,Posted: 16 February,all,BIG FUDGE,if multiplayer is the base game and single player is just a extra then why make the multiplayer rediculousy unstable. constant connection losses ive been dissconnected more time than games ive played ........ 4 times the game has stopped and trying to establish a connection again dropping people out whos internet is slowing others down until your left with a game of bots.... brilliant
76561198016676865,Not Recommended,304390,30421282,Posted: 9 March,all,Jccalbaal,Bitter dissapointment as usual now days with Ubisoft
15741839588355576,Recommended,304390,34154009,Posted: 10 August,all,Sinclair,"This game gets alot of hate and bandwaggoning, and some of it is rightly so.Its got its issues, and some problems here and there, but most people are still hung up on some really old issues that hardly affect the game anymore. For me, connectivity isn't as bad as everyone says it is. I might get 1 in 10 games where I get disconnected, and thats when playing the 4v4 modes where there's a bigger chance of that happening. While this is higher than it should be, the devs are listening and switching away and going to dedicated servers.Also, people scream and shout that the game is unbalanced, but it's often exageratted by a ton because people are frustrated. Some heros can have some pretty crazy attacks and chain that are mastered by very skilled players, but there isn't a meta hero to play. All of the characters are different, and none of them complete dominate the battlefield. I've seen every one of the dogs have their day, and other times they just get absolutely destroyed. The games balance isn't nearly perfect, but it isn't as awful as they say.All around this is an EXTREMELY unique game. There aren't really any others like it. Its combat system is pretty unique and functional. Even the some of the combos are pretty creative. The characters are pretty varied and have their own personal appearance. Along with that, they can be customized to your personal liking in several ways.tldr; The game itself is very creative and I'd definitely reccomend it. It's just that the game comes with some kinks and isuses that are being fixed and taken care of by the devs."
76561198125466411,Not Recommended,304390,32709479,Posted: 23 June,all,napalm,Even $40 is a joke.
,Recommended,304390,30031730,Posted: 19 February,all,Monaco,"TL DR: The game has a few technical issues right now, but nothing critical. It's still one of the best games I've played in the last years (30 hours in 3 days tells something about being hooked). I would expect a game of such gameplay quality from Blizzard, not from Ubisoft.PROS- Easy to get into, hard to master (particularly on some characters)- Dark Souls-like combat, MK-like combinations and cancels, Chivalry-like setting (what can be better?)- Deep metagame (numerous ways to surprise your opponent, victory heavily depends on being able to adapt to your opponent playstyle and counter it)- Almost endless customization (don't even get me started here)- Enough characters with different playstyles to fit any kind of player- Great and extensive progression that will take a couple hundred hours at least to fully beat- Kills are extremely satisfying, deaths are infurating as hell (the game is really good at provoking true, primal emotions in you)- Bots in this game decimate and BM you (I swear it's hilarious)- Beautiful, seamless and fluid animations (on par with Witcher 3)- Atmospheric and well-designed maps (except for a few oversights here and there)- Amazing visualsCONS- Random disconnects. Sometimes the game will drop you from battles and kick you from matchmaking queue. You can simply requeue though, so nothing too bad here. Doesn't happen too often to be very noticeable and is probably going to be addressed soon.- Language lock. Some regions are language-locked (including mine). However, you don't really see any text in this game and all the audio is English, so not a big deal unlike singleplayer titles.SUBJECTIVE- Connection type. A lot of people claim it's P2P while it's not, however the only fact that it doesn't have dedicated servers is enough to turn many away from this game. Firstly, the game is P2M (peer-to-master) which means it chooses the best machine (best connection, best hardware) to host a game on and validate player actions with additional cheater protection unlike peer-to-peer when everyone is connected to everyone else. Secondly, if you have a good connection and just ignore the p2p cancer for a moment to actually try this game, you'll probably find it's absolutely fine. I haven't had a single lag or ping issue with it. The game attempts to recognize your NAT type and assigns a color to you — if it's green, you're golden. If it's not green, you can try different tweaks that are usually done in your router settings or with the help of your ISP (UPNP, port forwarding, static IP) and get it to be recognized as open (green).- Microtransactions. Yes, there are microtransactions in the game, and yes, some of them even directly influence your effective power in battles (I say effective because it's only up to you if you can benefit from it). However, since players are matched by their relative skill and performance, it doesn't really matter. If you spend a lot on buying equipment but you're not a top player, you will still have a lot of fun because the game will match you against an opponent with similar performance, not simply by gear. Besides, there's no content hidden behind paywalls - you can achieve anything simply by playing. And there are separate modes in the game where gear is disabled (like duel and brawl). All in all, I haven't noticed microtransactions being an issue in the game.- No harsh leaver penalty. Actually, if you leave you don't get anything for the battle which already is a penalty since people mostly play for XP/steel and victories. Besides, you probably get an automatic defeat which screws your winrate. How is that not a penalty? A leaver instantly gets replaced by a bot player, and trust me - bots in this game are brutal, level 3 bots are better than 90% of players."
,Not Recommended,304390,30929927,Posted: 3 April,all,Lay Ray Rei,Gameplay +10Balance -5Ubisoft -3Bugs and errors -2Final score 0/10Not recommended
,Not Recommended,304390,29925769,Posted: 14 February,all,Myspeld,tons of microtransactions in a 60 USD gameconstant bugs that cost your time
76561198097581869,Not Recommended,304390,30465639,Posted: 12 March,all,Tofer,"Sit there and block simulator. Dont attack or you will be punished by what people call a ""defensive meta"" meaning no punishment for blocking cause you can stop gaurdbreaks or dodge/parry unblockables. Attacking only leaves you open to get punished while every defensive option gives you chances to deal damage. Dont foget hackers"
76561198044567406,Not Recommended,304390,34924969,Posted: 13 September,all,Panda Pope,"I really enjoy this game, since I have almost 500 hours, but I cannot recommend it any longer in its current state, maybe it will get better. It is certainly better than when it launched but at the same time it is also worse. Lots of patches to fix disconnects and connection problems but those things do still happen from time to time. Lots of nerfs to characters who didn't need nerfs and not nerfing characters that do need nerfs. This game has eaten so much of time and the last 30 hours or so have just been mentally exhausting to even try to like the game anymore. The player base is slowly dwindling and will most likely last until the beginning of next year sometime. A grind that makes you feel like you are never getting anywhere at all, look to investing way more than 40 hours just to get decent usable gear for just one of your characters. The game has just been plauged with problems since its launch and I just can't recommend it or even have fun playing it anymore. This game scratched an itch for me that was getting to fight medieval style will swords and shields and stuff. An itch that had been there since Chivalry fell under, and for awhile this game filled that hole. Not any longer though, so long For Honor, I really hope you can make a come back and I can enjoy the game once again but I just can't anymore."
,Not Recommended,304390,30001878,Posted: 17 February,all,Gixer043,The game is good it has it moments. unfortantly the only moments i get is network errors. Out of the 3 games i have actually got to complete i enjoyed. Do not purchase until this is fixed save your money.
,Not Recommended,304390,29923446,Posted: 14 February,all,Cald3ron,"I should have stopped playing once the beta ended.*After spending a little under 50 hours with the game, I am happy to say that I still do not recomend this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30354178,Posted: 6 March,all,KiwiBurger,As of right now it's broken. I get into games in which I play against bots and no one else. I think I'll stop playing this broken game for a while until thery've fixed the damn issue
76561198019486080,Not Recommended,304390,29927938,Posted: 14 February,all,Nox Vigintis,"Unstable Servers.Clunky Gameplay.Over-powered classes.Matchmaking is god awful. You can't do anything while in queue and it often tries to join you into games that are already full.Some like it, and if you enjoyed Chivalry or Dark Souls you might like this.I didn't and would recommend you somehow try it out before purchasing.EDIT: I have to stress how bad the matchmaking is, it's worse then Rainbow Six Siege (and that's saying something)"
76561198276600396,Recommended,304390,29914776,Posted: 13 February,all,Dante,"Quick reviewHello ^^Optimization - The game is optimized really well, it runs like a charm with all settings maxed except for Super Sampling AA turned offGameplay/Combat/Controls - It's really enjoyable and fun followed by the incredibly well done Art of Battle fighting system which is complex, challenging and a real refreshing take on swordplay games, it is not a button mashing quick hack and slash, it's easy to learn hard to master scenario but it's very satisfying.Each faction hero plays and feels different, and there are deep and various customization options to choose from so that your hero looks unique.The controls are responsive for both gamepad and mouse + keyboard (I personally prefer mouse and keyboard myself)There is a single player campaign which can be played solo or 2 players co op which is amazing :)Game modes are very fun especially 1v1 duels and 2v2 brawls (even though some players don't respect the code of honor :P)Graphics - Beautiful graphics followed by amazing animations with no downgrade, what was shown on E3 is delivered here.The only bit of downside there is about this game is the peer to peer network which can be frustrating sometimes but most of the times works perfectly, at least for me ^^Thanks for reading my opinion but I would suggest you read other more detailed reviews from more experienced people and ACTUAL reviewers and also check gameplay footage to decide if this game appeals to your taste before you buy it :)P.S. Jason Vandenberghe I love you <3"
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,304390,29918313,Posted: 14 February,all,Bipolar Fish,"A mediocre game that has the most poorly thought out combat system you'll ever see. The amount of stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you can pull off is absolutely ludicrous. Spam guardbreak, parry, or any of the viking berserk stuff and you will win every fight. It's a total joke. It has nothing to do with skill or mastery of a character. Every fight will end up the same way. Two players afraid to attack each other because the repercussions are so severe. Sure, you can feint attacks but that's actually not as effective as you might think because it makes you vulnerable to guardbreak.Is this game unique? Yes.Is this game gorgeous? Yes.Is the customization good? Mostly.Is it a refreshing game amidst all the shooters? Absolutely.It is still a mediocre game at best. All of the positive reviews are from people who have played for 30 minutes.I played 40 hours of the closed beta, desperately searching for a skill gap that I never found. I played about 5 hours of the open beta, after they nerfed a few of the worst characters, and gave up because every fight would play the same way (unless you're fighting a noob). Parry is broken as all hell. Guardbreak can be spammed to great success. The P2P connection type certainly doesn't help. Maybe this will be like Siege, where it gets better over time, but I doubt that. There are characters with hilarious unblockable attacks that require only minor knowledge to use. They can be spammed, this is an effective playstyle. Check out the Raider, who they refuse to nerf, or the Lawbringer who has 4 or 5 hilarious unblockables... Do some 1v1s and you'll immediately see what I'm talking about. Press S+Middle Mouse, and you can instantly throw someone on the ground and pound them with heavy attacks. As they get back up, you can do it again and again and again... It's hilarious.This will be one of those games that gets great reviews and everyone is going to give it glowing, loving reviews because it's so original. But at some point, the major flaws of the gameplay design will eat away at your patience until you've just had enough, and you will uninstall and never look back.The game modes are uncreative and terrible, especially Dominion which is a total ♥♥♥♥fest. This game is at its best in 1v1 fights. Otherwise, it's just people trying to dogpile on you or your teammates for quick kills. Most of the game modes don't support 1v1s. This is not a good thing.TL;DR; If you're super, super casual and don't care about winning or game balance or anything, you'll love this game. If you're competitive you'll want to buy another keyboard or two while you ""master"" your characters."
76561198190993030,Not Recommended,304390,29927923,Posted: 14 February,all,Kunsel,Wait for the Humble Bundle.
,Not Recommended,304390,33159985,Posted: 2 July,all,Shen Flips,"If there's anyone that could have taken one of the most intricate combat systems ever created and make a terrible game out of it, it's Ubisoft.  They wouldn't even invest in servers for the game to run on, and the company refuses to balance any op aspects of the game.  This game is like putting Easy Mac in the Microwave and burning that♥♥♥♥♥♥  For the love of God, turn back."
,Not Recommended,304390,31323120,Posted: 23 April,all,Yukino Yukinoshita,- Potato Servers- unbalanced Deathmatch . dominion is garbage- FPS drop after last patch- ppl mostly playing one ♥♥♥♥ing class everytime on 1v1+ Fast to unninstal+ Graphics+ play style
,Not Recommended,304390,29924327,Posted: 14 February,all,TheWidowmaker,"While game is overall good with its impressive gameplay and good optimaztion. Lack of dedictaed servers is completely ruining the experience as there are too many connection issues at the momnet , the kind we experienced in call of duty games when the game pauses to synchronize gameplay stats and all that crap and everyone start leaving. It doesn't even stop there. It kicks you out of the game , whole session crashes. Its unacceptable. And there is no way to resolve  these issues because such issues are not exclusive to this game. These connection issues are common in most p2p games. So this is not gonna change without dedicated servers. Forwarding all required ports and whitelisting everything wouldn't help  So I cannot recommend this game."
76561198118648144,Not Recommended,304390,33223344,Posted: 4 July,all,YOU'RE WELCOME,Will they ever fix this game?probably not.
,Not Recommended,304390,30053489,Posted: 20 February,all,Spootanany,Game has bad disconnect issues and is pretty greedy with their micro transactions considering this was a $60 title. The game play is a lot of fun when it works.
,Recommended,304390,31529199,Posted: 3 May,all,Zrehael,"I was skeptical at first about spending $60 on For Honor. I took the risk, knowing full well what I might be getting. And I do not regret my purchase one bit. What I don't understand is why it's so loathed...That's going to be the general gist of my review of For Honor. I know it's going to bring cries that I'm just shilling for Ubisoft or that I'm some rabid fanboy on the defensive, clutching desperately at straws in an attempt to excuse otherwise inexcusable faults in For Honor... but really?Mostly Negative?If you're interested in For Honor, Iurgeyou to take a few moments to read this before deciding to avoid the game yourself because of the negative reviews.I don't think it really needs repeating, but I'll give a brief overview on the points that I think have been covered well in other reviews already left here on Steam:Gamplay is incredibly fun, the combat system mixing the simplicity of spectacle fighters with the complexity of traditional fighting games.The Campaign is nothing to really write home about. It serves the purpose of acting as a sort of extended tutorial/practice mode before you dive into multiplayer, but aside from the occasional DAUBENY! meme, there's nothing too memorable about it. It's not really like we needed an excuse for them to be beating the crap out of each other to begin with.Matchmaking needs some refining. It's not uncommon for new players to get paired up with veteran, well-geared players in the Dominion, Elimination, and Skirmish matches, where gear actually matters beyond just looking pretty.Game balance is very much a work in progress. At launch, some characters (Raider and Lawbringer, notably) were rather lacking and difficult to contend against while others (Peacekeeper and Warden, notably) had some insane balance issues that made them outright broken and frustrating to fight against. While several of those issues have been taken care of, there are still some balance concerns in the game.""But why is this game then listed asMostly Negativeunder reviews? This doesn't sound so bad!""you may ask. And you're right, it isn't. But there's some misinformation and bad publicity that has hit For Honor that's swaying people away from it. In reality, For Honor isnotas terrible as many of the reviews would have you believe. And -that's- what I wanted to focus my review on. So let's start.Peer-to-Peer Connectivity and Network Issues: Was Ubisoft Too Cheap or Lazy to get Dedicated Servers?According to Betteridge's Law of Headlines,No.Many reviews point to peer-to-peer connectivity as some sort of nail-in-the-coffin for For Honor, stating that it makes the game unplayable in its current state and many even suggesting that Ubisoft was either too lazy or too cheep to invest in dedicated servers.These people have never worked in networking or touched video game netcode in their life.If they had, they would understand that For Honor, being a fighting game,requirespeer-to-peer connectivity. Dedicated servers, which require time to update based on information each client (people playing) sends to them. In a game with so many reaction-based actions, a dedicated server would require netcode which would either make the game a total spamfest of swings with little point in parrying or blocking, or a war of the turtles where attacks that would actually land would be few and far between due to the need for compensation on the part of the netcode to account for the server update rate. Would it be more stable? Yes. Would it be more secure? Yes.But it would not work nearly as well with For Honor's current mechanics.If dedicated servers are needed, then the game is going to need a ground-up overhaul of the gameplay, something that really does -not- need fixing as For Honor's fighting system is an incredible one.Peer-to-Peer is a necessary evil of For Honor's mechanics and, thankfully, Ubisoft had the foresight to fix the long-loathed ""host advantage"" of peer-to-peer multiplayer by distributing out the load amongst all players in the session. There are still issues, and you may face problems with connectivity and latency,but these are not problems that would be immediately fixed by a dedicated server.At best, they'd happen slightly less often, and the game would run like a brick in a washing machine. So no, peer-to-peer is not an issue.Microtransactions?! In my $60 game?! UNACCEPTABLE! - ... Except not really.I'm sure we're all well acquainted with Ubisoft's usual greed when it comes to games. Especially their rampant use of season passes and half-baked DLC as attempts to milk every nickel and dime they can out of a game before they're outright forced to publish another game. One would think the addition of microtransactions into the game would be just a continuation of that, right? Well, no... and that's the part that kinda terrifies me because, for once,Ubisoft actually didn't make the greedy decision here...I know, I know, it sounds hard to believe, but bear with me while I explain. In For Honor, Steel is the currency used to buy just about everything. Gear, outfits, emotes, executions... all bought and paid for with Steel. You can earn Steel by playing games, completing daily challenges, or doing the campaign and snagging the collectibles hidden throughout it. However, you also have the option to buy packs of Steel from Ubisoft.""PAY TO WIN!""shrieks the crowd that has never touched a Korean MMO before and wouldn't know what ""pay-to-win"" was if it actually ate their wallet. The only ""power"" one can really buy comes in one of two forms: a feat pack for heroes (which you'll unlock for each hero with just a few hours of gameplay, it really doesn't take that long), or gear (which only really matters in Dominion, Elimination, or Skirmish modes. If you're dueling or brawling, gear is just for show). Even the gear, however, doesn't give a definitve advantage, as each gear piece comes with a bonus to one stat (like revenge duration or attack damage) at the cost of another (like increasing cooldowns on your feats or increasing the stamina it costs to use each attack). This is, of course, all subject to balance problems, but that will come with time.In what little time I've played (yes, 100 hours [at time of writing] is not that much compared to what a LOT in the community have put in), I've earned probably upwards of 50,000 steel. Just doing dailies and playing matches. this is more than enough to purchase whatever goodies in game you'd like.Ubisoft was actually not greedy about this. Purchasing Steel is simply an option left to those who play a bit more casually and think that the time they'd spend earning that steel is worth more than the money they'd spend to get the same amount. It's a convenience, nothing more.Balance, Patches, and... Ubisoft actually listening to the community?!Again, I know, reading that must have felt like reading the headline ""Lasting Peace in Middle East Achieved,"" but I'm actually serious. While it has taken some time, between launch and now, allow me to go over some of the community complaints that have been had regarding For Honor:Peacekeeper light attack spam is annoying and overpowered - AddressedWarden vortex is unfair and not fun to go against - AddressedLawbringer is too weak for the job he's expected to perform in the meta - AddressedNetcode is unstable and a lot of disconnects have happened - Addressed; Ongoing patches still occurring to optimizeSteel is too difficult to earn outside of buying it - Addressed; rewards increased up to 50% just for playingRevenge stats on gear are too strong - AddressedThis is just a small sample of the issues For Honor players have brought up, and many of them have already been addressed!So why again is For Honor rated Mostly Negative?"
,Recommended,304390,29949940,Posted: 15 February,all,Mangaloney,"I have seen many negative reviews about this game and a lot of them have the wrong idea about this game. I want to put those inconsistencies to rest. I've played this game since the Alpha and I have to say that this game is amazing, but difficult to get into. The fact that people are put off and leaving negative reviews because of the season pass and the microtransactions are spreading false info.The first thing I want to get out of the way is that the season pass isn't necessary to purchase. The For Honor devs are doing the same dlc model as Rainbow Six Siege. So, all that the season pass does is allow you to have access to the 6 warriors a week in advance and recieve additional cosmetic items. You don't need to buy it to get the new maps or warriors. Those 6 warriors and new maps will be released thoughout the year for FREE. If you want to learn more about it, you can check out this article:https://www.vg247.com/2017/02/02/for-honor-season-pass-detailed-adds-early-access-to-six-new-heroes-more/Also, the microtransactions do not affect gameplay, as much as you think they do. There are people that are saying that this is F2P level of microtransactions. It is NOT that way at all. In the game, you are able to purchase ""steel"" which allows you to buy armor or weapon packs. I want everyone to know that every piece of armor or weapon part are scaled to your level, so there isn't a chance that you will get an OP part. The main thing this allows you to do is get armor that has better asthetics or one that boosts your stats to the way you want, while also dropping the other two stats in some way. Here's a little more about the microtransactions:https://www.vg247.com/2017/02/14/for-honor-in-game-microtransactions-store-now-open-currency-packs-go-as-high-as-100/Many individuals are also saying that the peer to peer (P2P) networking is the biggest burden the game has. Well, this is technically an untrue fact, as well. This is a more fleshed out form of P2P. The networking in this game has similar aspects to P2P in that one individual may be the ""HOST"", but they are not the one that is acting as the server. This is not the same as Call of Duty P2P. What is really happening is every individual is sending the information to every other person in the game, like location and hits, but technically every person is playing against AI in there own simulation, which are then updated with everyone's pings. One of the benefits of having this is that if someone is cheating, any inconsistency, like someone having infinite health, is flagged as cheating and they can then be banned or kicked because the system will be out of sync. In a way it is essentially a built in anticheat system. Check out this for more info about the system(this is just a preliminary analysis, but it still provides some useful information):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAU5bIalbnc&feature=youtu.be&t=8m13s--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TLDR: This game is 10/10. You don't need to pay for maps and characters. Microtransactions don't affect gameplay. P2P used in this game isn't Call of Duty P2P. Please do more research before posting your thoughts on a game, when you have only just read headlines."
,Not Recommended,304390,29926966,Posted: 14 February,all,Daymun,"Good game, ruined by Ubisoft."
76561198076570819,Not Recommended,304390,30322607,Posted: 4 March,all,Astigadigs,"For Honor is a medieval fighting game pitting vikings, knights and samurai against each other. Is this the game that decides who is the deadliest warrior?Set in a time when all cultures are at their strongest, For Honor let’s you choose between 3 factions: the wild Vikings, the chivalrous Knights or the traditional Samurai. Each faction has 4 different heroes with unique playstyles. The single-player campaign, though great looking, is lackluster. The story has 3 chapters following one character from each faction occasionally letting you play as a different class. It is about Apollyon’s quest to create a never-ending war. The story fails to be great because it never truly showcases what is at stake. The moments in the story have no emotional impact or moments that makes you think. The best thing about the single-player is that it is a good tutorial readying you for the real point of the game: multiplayer.The combat is based on 3 directions: top, left and right. Using the mouse the player can point in one direction to block or attack in it. It is an easy to learn but hard to master mechanic. You have light and heavy attacks, a guard break and a wide zone attack. The game rewards feints and punishes button-mashing through the stamina bar. The combat is responsive. Every hit feels like it hurts and it looks really nice. Killing enemy soldiers only take 1 click yet it is very satisfying because of the attack animations.The game emphasises 1 v 1 duels. Though players can gang up on their enemies, the game truly shines in the tense moments when 2 warriors are locked in deadly combat. There are 5 game modes: 4v4 Dominion, 2v2 Brawls, 1v1 Duels, 4v4 Team Death Matches, and 4v4 Elimination. While all the other game modes are pretty standard, Dominion is where the best mode is at. You fight the opposing team for control of 3 points set in a MOBA style arena. To capture them your team needs to be the only one standing on it, if an enemy comes the survivor gets the area. I like that the middle capture point’s capture condition is having your soldiers push to the enemies back to their side.Their are 12 classes each with different specialisations to complement different kinds playstyles. There is also a loot system that gives gear at the end of the match. Gear given usually has advantages and disadvantages making you specialise for your own playstyle.There is one HUGE glaring flaw in the game’s design: the network. The single-player is online only. The multiplayer matches are p2p or peer-to-peer. What this means is that instead of all players connecting and playing on a server, one player becomes the host and everyone has to connect with them. This isn’t a problem when it is a 1 v 1, it becomes a problem though when you have 8 players trying to play together in a game that relies on reaction time. There are also security issues with the game like other people being able to see your IP, which can allow nefarious people to do nefarious deeds. Being dropped from a game happens a lot. The game is great to play, if you can play it that is. Matches typically take 10 mins on average to play, finding a match takes more or less 3 minutes and sometimes you get disconnected halfway through a game and there is no way of getting back wasting your time.I want to recommend this game because of the really fun combat, but I would advise on getting it later until they can fix the glaring network issues so for now I will leave it as a no.For Honor is a fun fighting game which rewards skill and quick thinking bought down by the bad network design which says a lot since it is a multiplayer-focused game."
76561198000214403,Not Recommended,304390,29919890,Posted: 14 February,all,Dresith,"With a combat system akin to Dark Souls, albeit with a bit more depth, and the promise of competitive multiplayer system this game had the potential to be a runaway hit. Unfortunately, Ubisoft. Who in their god damn mind would set up Peer to Peer multiplayer on a game that is wholly reliant on twitch reaction. Like all games set up on a Peer to Peer the host by definition has a massive advantage, not to mention the constant host migrations when a game is going badly. Having experienced all this in the beta I felt as though a good portion of the time I still enjoyed the game and unfortunately bought on release. The 3 games I played on release day have disillusioned me. Every single game I had actions not register. Losing in this game is infuriating even when the game is smooth as butter, but to lose due to actions not registering will cause even the most sane to want to break everything around them. And this isn't due to a bad internet connection I have a 1gb/s connection through google fiber, I am however nat strict locked so I can never host. I cannot advise anyone to buy this game unless they are nat open, and even then look for sharp population declines shortly after release as the vast majority of players realize the game is p2p."
76561198017789521,Not Recommended,304390,30052214,Posted: 19 February,all,Animemesfan1,"I can't actually find a multiplayer game, despite port forwarding, DMZ and everything else. My NAT is stuck to strict and matchmaking is impossible, which is a shame I was so very keen for this game..."
,Recommended,304390,30026928,Posted: 18 February,all,Filipino Thunder,"Pros:+ Brilliant gameplay+ Amazing graphics+ Classes feel different+ All boils down to skill+ Scratches my itch for epic medieval duelsCons:- Connection is spotty (sometimes, overly exaggerated in other reviews IMO)Mixed- Despite name, lack of honor in most of the playerbase. That's okay though, my poleaxe will remove their heads. Deus Vult."
,Not Recommended,304390,29926970,Posted: 14 February,all,PizzaPunt,"Game was amazing and fun at the start when everyone was new to it. Now that everyone learned the game it is full of cheap tricks, cheese and exploits and the developers take their sweet♥♥♥♥♥time to fix things. Also the community of this game died within 2 weeks."
,Not Recommended,304390,29995979,Posted: 17 February,all,mkinG,"""A connection error occurred. returning to title menu. Error 0004502040"" :\"
76561198016655070,Not Recommended,304390,30386826,Posted: 7 March,all,Kochai,"After a while, the DC is becoming unbearable. waiting for multiplayer game to start is as long as the in-game itself. what a waste."
76561198133997700,Recommended,304390,34101896,Posted: 8 August,all,Fox Among Wolves,"I love this game. Don't get me wrong, it has many problems. But despite that it provides a unique and exciting experience and the dev team always working to improve it (dedicated servers are evidence that they keep working on it for years). It'll improve just like Rainbow six siege did."
,Not Recommended,304390,31927708,Posted: 23 May,all,BrosephStylin,"Been playing since launch on and off. It has got to the point where one game out of 15 I will actually be able to complete. The rest are all disconnects from the server because oh how Ubisoft just refuses to spend the money on server maintinence. They are trying to get as much money as they can and make sure they keep it. The game suffers badly from it.Don't even get me on class exploits that are still in the game from the beginning that they refuse to address, and if they do they defend them saying that it was intended all along."
76561198018128618,Not Recommended,304390,29922460,Posted: 14 February,all,Slyfex,pay 2 win ... peer 2 peer ... crashes ... not able to even start it ... hmmmmmmmm well ... just Ubisoft how they have been the last years ... SUPRISE! but not a good one ...
76561198039642354,Recommended,304390,29954330,Posted: 15 February,all,Yodaloid,"IGNORE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the first page is PLASTERED WITH THEM. This game is solid. Once you get your NAT to be OPEN or Moderate instead of STRICT there is no problems with matchmaking. SOMETIMES, the host will quit and it can lag you out for a bit, or even get booted back to the main menu, but that's only one out of dozens of games.If you're stuck on strict you can try two things: Port Forwarding on your router (google is your friend,) or just going into your anti-virus and making an Exception for Forhonor.exeCombat could not be more satisfying. Every champion feels different/varied, no two play exactly the same way. Graphics are amazing, customization is amazing, it's all just great.. I haven't even tried the campaign yet but I will. PLEASE don't let the negative reviews dissuade you from purchasing the game, it's absolutely a great fighting game.If you enjoy Chivalry or Warband, this game is a great combination of both."
76561197970553749,Not Recommended,304390,31805714,Posted: 17 May,all,Scorpion,"I really enjoyed this game for a bit.  However, ever since the end of season 1, there has been a ""bug"" where you do not get any rewards if  you play vs AI with  matchmaking turned off.  This is a gamebreaking issue for me and either UBISoft is just ignoring it (for over 3 weeks) or it is not a bug at all and they are trying to force players to play PvP to increase the amount of online players.  I don't enjoy PvP that much and would rather play my way.  I do not like this sneaky tactic and have un-installed For Honor."
76561198078114373,Not Recommended,304390,30347513,Posted: 5 March,all,Dewdrop,"Wel here we are....writing a steam review on a game that at its core is really great but falls exceptionally short as a whole final product. At its core i think for honor is extremely fun and the combat is done well,where the issues arrise are at the P2P connectivity and constant connection troubles.the game modes are a little lacking i would say, only a few to choose from but the combat kind of makes up for it(when you dont get enviromentally killed,which happens quite a lot) with 11 different heroes/classes you could call them. I pray that one day they fix or change the P2P connection and give us dedicated servers but i dont know if thats ever going to happen. The story is extremely good in my opinion but very short,it does its job of getting you hooked into the games story and gives meaning to why you're all actually fighting for whichever faction you choose. But in the end it has quite a lot of issues,i'd say wait a bit to see how the game progresses in terms of fixing connection. Am i still going to play it, yea i think duels are extremely fun and rewarding because it comes down to skill,hopefully this game turns itself around"
76561198001966120,Recommended,304390,29973439,Posted: 16 February,all,Vice Admiral Drake,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!In short,PVP is a BLASTCampaign story is intriguing (I have yet to beat it) its also has Co-op mode as well.(Enemies do have double the health in this mode)It has Level progression with unique characters to play and their abilities that can become unlocked while playing both single player and multiplayer (Single player abilities DO NOT transfer over to multiplayer mode). You can unlock abilities with steel in Multiplayer. I do not recommend this method as you can unlock them by simply playing the characters of your choice and leveling them. Also it has a hint of RPG elements with the gear/loot you can uptain in multiplayer.Drops (Armor/Weapons) after a round is ended or bought.**Gear and perks are only applied in 4vs4- Skirmish / 4vs4 - Dominion/ 4vs4 - Elimination or custom modes(if you wish).They DO NOT apply in 1vs1 and 2vs2 duals!Yes, There are microtransactions in this game (as are with most games these days)you buy steel for cosmetic looks, emotions/executions. You can also earn this steel by playing muitlplayer games (any mode) after a round is finished or by completing Bounties that the game provides, Also In single player there are hidden breakable objects that provides you some steel as well.Of course you can just buy the Steel if you wanted to.You can get Gear by using the Scavenge Gear or as i like to call it ""Try your luck"" at getting random gear (weapons/armor perks) using the Steel you earned.the picks are- Basic pack- Weapons- Armor- Premium  (best chance to get rare items)If you are going to use this system be warned its only applies to the character you choose.(Side note, do not do this until you reach reputation level one. Thats getting the character pass level 21)As for the ""connection issues"" I was at NAT ""Yellow"" or moderate"" connection. After reading the Ubisoft support page --https://support.ubi.com/en-US/faqs/000026170/PC-Connection-Issues-FH-PC/I found UDP port 3074-3075 was the cause of my problem.After opening these ports on my router my connection went from ""Yellow"" to ""Green"" (NAT OPEN)I have since had ZERO connection problems (able to play game after game without losing connection) however, From time to time i would receive a server full message or when someone disconnecting for unknown reasons. (none of this fault is Ubisofts)If you wish a more in depth review please keep reading.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now that's out of the way,As far as the gameplay goes, It's fun!Some may call it ""Rock,Paper,Scissor,""but I think its more""Rock,Paper,Scissor,Laser,Spock.""There is more then one way to stop or counter moves, not just blocking in the directions they are swinging at you. hence the ""Rock,Paper,Sissors"" gameplay I keep hearing aboutto simply put these individuals are one tracked mind and can not see the other options available to them.Practicing your Character(s) of choice and learning the ALL moves is key. (As it is in any game we play).Take your time, there are many ways to learn and still get XP/loot  without getting your keyboard/mouse or controller all salty from PvP gameplay. Oh, and I do recommend a controller(I use a dualshock playstation 4 controller)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Multiplayer modes (where you will spend most of your time)1vs1- skill is needed in order to win. If you are new to the game i recommend playing Vs BOTS. This is the best way to learn a new character and still get XP/Loot (In my opinion)***** Gear stats have no effect2vs2 - skill is needed in order to win along with a skilled teammate. (unwriten code of conduct in this mode- Do not gang up on the last survivor wait until dual is over. Of coruse this is not always followed and some salt might be split if not done so)***** Gear stats have no effect4vs4 - Dominion reminded me a bit of (Dynasty warriors™)3 control points to capture with the middle point (Point B) having a wave of minions that must be pushed across or cleared to a line in order to gain control of that point.Also, there are buffs and ability(s) that your character can be used (Yes, Gear stats does play a part into this)4vs4- Skirmish is (Dynasty warriors™) lite. No real mass of minions on the battlefield however there are ""Captians"" that are harder then the normal minion and a few straglers of minions you might encounter here and there. No points to control but there is a point system in place when a team reaches 1000 points they win (provided they kill the remining hero's)there are buffs and ability(s) that your character can be used. (Yes, Gear stats does play a part into this too)4vs4 - Elimination is kind of like 2vs2 but with 4 player, there are buffs and ability(s) that your character can use. (Yes, Gear stats does play a part into this too)and in this mode is where the MOST complaints come into play about the (unwritten code of conduct)Characters are Diverse in play and style, (some are easier to learn then others)Vanguard Heroes- Adaptable/Straightforward (Good Attack range/High Health)Assassin Heroes- Mobility/Counters (Fast attacks/Strong attacks but cant take hits)Heavies Heroes- High Defense/ (Hard hitting/slow but excel in group combat)Hybrids Heroes- Combination/Range (Range fighters, Each taking a bit from the other groups to make something truly unique.)Some Heroes have bleed affects which can be a pain at times, learning how they apply it and knowing when to step back or counter guard is critical to stop this techniuqeSome Heroes have stuns or on hit kills, again learning how these are uses and when to Side step/guard or counter guard is important.Some Heroes have counterattacks and knowning when not to heavy attack or make you self open to a combination attack is key to success.As you can see each hero is unique in their own way, Practicing against each of these heroes will help you understand the games mechanics. You will learn what to do and when to do it.As far as the story mode is concerned, I haven't finshed it yet.I am only at part 1.6 ""Wolves among sheep"". I have been playing the campaign in ""realistic mode"" only (yes, it can be challenging at times) its only because I don't know any of the Kinghts moves by heart (still learning them)So far the story isn't bad, I wish I could talk more it but I can't.having some Steel hidden in the single/co-op campaign is a nice little perk to make you want to complete the storyline.*********UPDATE**************I have finally completed 1.6 ""Wolves among sheep"".This was by far the hardest campaign I have played this far, (Still playing in ""realsitic mode""). So far the story seems to very immersive, I feel as if these Warriors are just pawns in a game of chess.Thanks for reading this and hope to see you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,304390,30105179,Posted: 22 February,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"For Honor is pretty cool, I guess.Set in a world where vikings, Knights, and Samurai all live uncomfortably close to each other. Wars have raged for one thousand years between the three factions. But the leaders are getting sleepy from the constant fighting and the beefiest warriors focus more on defending the squishy mortals that live around them.Apollyon, the beefiest of all warriors, really likes war and wants her favorite hobby and passtime to keep going. So Apollyon sets off on a heartwarming journey filled with murder, famine, death, and Liam O'Brien.You start the game as Liam O'Brien. I didn't play as the female Warden so I'm just going to assume that she's also voiced by Liam O'Brien.  The Warden is a super cool mercenary who's fighting for a big fat sissy man. When the attacking side, led by Holden Cross, a beefy not sissy man, realizes that Liam is actually pretty beefy. He offers to let Liam join his beefy battle squad led by Apollyon, who sets off to start the worlds largest beef off.I keep saying Beefy because it makes you uncomfortable and everyone is huge.The ""Hero"" characters, the ones you play as, are all very large and very beefy,  no matter what gender you play as or choose. The average soldiers that works as canonfodder come up to your chest at best, and even shorter compared to the Shugoki or the Lawbringer heroes.For Homer is a third person action game based around the sword fightings. Or spear fighting, or ax fighting, you get the idea. You lock on to your opponent using the Ctrl key or the left trigger on your controller. Your character has three directions they can focus their guard in which also focuses their attack. If you're attacked to your left side, you push the stick left, if you want to attack up, you push the stick up. It's basically the world's most violent game of Simon Says.You also have a universal guard break as well as a few special abilities that differ from character to character.Each character has a few cooldowns and passives as well as a list of easy to memorize combos. You put all of these together with the combat system to outwit or just cheese your way to victory against that smelly man who used Ingame cash to get himself a super sword.It's actually a really fun system, though. There's a sense of vicousness to most actions, especially the fatalities or attacks against the mook soldier's that fill up single player, Dominion, or Skirmish mode.There is also a faction war meta game in the multiplayer, where you deploy war assets across a world map to try and claim territory for you and your faction. It reminds me of Ubisoft's earlier game, Endwar, in a way, though the map in Endwar was a little bit more involved.Multiplayer obviously needs some balancing, which can be said for basically any multiplayer game that isn't a farming simulator or something like that. I'm neither smart enough nor sober enough to get into much detail, but all I can say is quit hittin' me, you butt munch.The story mode isn't anything special, but it still has it's own neat little things. All of the main characters are, like I said before, beefy and tower over everyone else. The way they speak and their motivations make them feel like something out of Greek myth or even the Romance of the Three Kingdoms saga, even if just a little bit. Apollyon herself is actually a pretty cool villain if not just because she likes to go out and gets♥♥♥♥♥♥done herself. The first time you actually meet her she's tooling on a huge group of enemies like she's getting paid by the murder or something.And it's not like she's just a shoehorned villain either. Apollyon is easily a head taller than most characters and has shoulders so broad they make body builders self conscious. The entire ""Show, don't tell"" aspect to her character where she actually goes out and gets♥♥♥♥♥♥done herself from time to time puts her over the usual ""Oh, they're badass and scary because we said so"" villains or characters that plague video games recently.Also, great googly moogly, there's actual lore! Throughout the singleplayer you'll run into little collectibles called ""observables"" that narrarate things that happen in the world around you.They're not just ""knights"" They're the Iron Legions based in Ashenfeld, they're not just ""samurai"" they're warriors of the Dawn Empire based in the Myre. The Vikings are northern clans from the frozen lands of Valkenheim, etc. It feels like even with the concept that was handed to them the writers wanted to do something special and did their best with For Honor being a multiplayer focused game and all.But should you play For Conner?Yeah, I think it's pretty fun. If I had to say anything bad about it it's that going peer to peer is a move about as smart as the time I joined those fellows back in the 70's who liked to dress like ghosts. And I feel like there should be extra modes for Dominion and Deathmatch that get rid of gear score all together and just make them cosmetic items. Other than that, I like the game a lot. I see myself going back to For Honor in the coming future.I give For Honor 8 male Soldiers with suspicously female voices out of 10.Human saliva has a boiling point three times that of regular water.The curator:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/Dickbuttexperience#curationEdit: Oh yeah, also you have to use Uplay. So uh. Take that as you will."
76561198121778246,Not Recommended,304390,34899917,Posted: 12 September,all,conerino xD,pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥if i do say so myself every season since the start the game has been less and less about skill and more and more about guessing instead and in the upcoming season 4 there will be litterally 0 skill involved anymore. dont ever expect to win a match until youve put in a few hundred hours atleast and buy the dlc characters before you will even stand a chance.
76561198210734991,Not Recommended,304390,29931191,Posted: 14 February,all,Gaston,cant play for more then a few hours/mins without it crashing a crying shame been looking forward to this game for a long time.
76561198296937450,Not Recommended,304390,29935240,Posted: 14 February,all,SpiritStar98,"I was really pumped up for this game when I had first saw its trailer. What really blew was that I missed the open beta, and I was kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Either way I was still going to get the game... Although I am starting to think it was a mistake! the first thing that i noticed was when i bought the Deluxe Addition... Not bad right? $69.99, about a $10 diffrence from a regular brand new game for $59.99 at GameStop. Unknowningly I did not think that the deluxe WOULD NOT INCLUDE the season pass as... I give them the benfit of the doubt, I suppose not that bad, you do get alot of other stuff (66/100 useless). So then I started playing the game, totally skipped the Story Mode, because I mean who plays the Story Mode when the game primary attracts online gamers...Right? or am I not giving enough credit to this game by not venturing into the stories? in the end I will probably play the SM because the 2 hour mark is passed for returning games... Anyways the fighting simulation is great, it would splice wiith both games such as UFC 2, and Xenoblade Chronicles X (in my opinion). UFC 2 being the excitment when you land a great blow, and dancing around your opponet to see an opening. Xenoblade Chronicles X would compare to the Special attacts and combos you can preform to maximize your damage (Restoring some of your health, the ability to share strength power with allies, ordering a shower of boulders or arrows on the enemy). All in all the fighting in this game is great, some characters are OP'd than some of the others though. Then I started having this proiblem alot with it saying something like ""Error an Error has occured (0000000068354996)"" something like that. the first thing that came to mind was the wifi, so I let it go. I was directed to the Main Menu and continuted on with the slaughter... this continued to happen about 7/10 times (if not, then more). So I switched over to Doom and played a couple of rounds without any complications at all, which brings me to believe that something is wrong with the servers. I tell the truth when i say i can not complete a match at all! I do hope that an update comes out pretty soon or something because this game has great potential one would say. for the new buyers I would recommend  that you save your money till about a month or so, just to check on reddit reviews and see what the Peoplpe have to say. Hoped that this informed some of you, this review is not sugar coated with anything but the truth.-SpiritStar98"
76561198019084848,Recommended,304390,31229491,Posted: 18 April,all,Havel the Cock,"This game gets a lot of hate, not all without good reason. This review will go over BOTH sides of the For Honor coin; the things that make it one of the most unique fighting games I've ever had the good fortune of playing, and the things that need to be changed in order for this game to become truly successful one day.The Good:-Truly Unique Combat System: I've never played a game like this. The depth of swordplay in this game is the closest thing I've found to real life swordfighting in any video game I've ever played, and I've played many.-Setting: Alright, who the hell HASN'T pretended to be a Knight or a Viking or a Samurai at some point in their lives? This game allows you to play any one of those badasses and it feels amazing.-Visuals: Visually the game is downright stunning. 60FPS makes combat look/feel smooth and the devs put a MASSIVE amount of detail into all of the environments. You look out into the distance on any map and you can feel this sense of scale to the world they built.-Executions: C'mon, who doesn't love impaling someone on a halberd, or lopping off a head with a katana? Executions are brutal and satisfying.The Bad:-P2P Connection: Currently, this game has no real servers. It relies entirely on Player to Player connection, which in 1v1 or 2v2 is alright. It eliminates the usual lag games get from PING. However, this becomes a serious hinderance when you play any of the 4v4 modes. One person can ragequit, and sometimes everyone in the game is booted to the main menu for it, leaving you with no experience or steel and wasted time.-Balance: Admittedly, the game is new and this is something the devs ARE working on but it needs to be said anyway. Some of the characters in the game are downright unbalanced. If you aren't playing one of the top 5 characters, odds are good that you're losing quite a bit. The devs have released several updates at this point however so I'm hopeful that the game will be balanced properly one day.-Microtransactions: All microtransactions are purely cosmetic, and can all be purchased with in-game currency. However the rate at which you attain this currency (Steel) is pretty slow, so of course Ubisoft lets you buy Steel with real money. But in order to purchase ALL of the current cosmetics would cost close to 700 US Dollars and that is completely ridiculous.End note: I fully support this game and I truly hope that Ubisoft gets their sh*t together so they can turn all of the negativity surrounding this game around. I've never played a game that's more satisfying or more frustrating, and that's coming from someone with over 200 hours played in League of Legends.TL;DR - For Honor is basically 3D Mortal Kombat with Knights/Vikings/Samurai. Its a great game, but it has some serious flaws that need to be worked out. I'd say it's worth $40 in its current state, but I do not regret my purchase at all."
76561198180149355,Recommended,304390,29957303,Posted: 15 February,all,[RiM]Stelio-Kantos,"Told everyone I knew this game would flop, It flopped."
,Not Recommended,304390,30696484,Posted: 23 March,all,Oldwahn,"It is an absolutely wonderful game. Combat is intense and the graphics are immersive. Melee combat is fun and challenging but all the great things you can say about this game are overshadowed by howhorribly annoyingthe disconnect issues have become.A multiplayer-focused game running on peer-to-peer?Not only does the host always have an advantage but If he/she leaves the match, there is a 50/50 chance of being kicked from the match.It's so infuriating having so much fun just to be disconnected. I really want to play this game more but I can't.Until they have dedicated servers, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198251633122,Not Recommended,304390,29940519,Posted: 15 February,all,BillyBobSr,"(I also have 20-21 hours in the open beta)While this isn't an inherently bad game, there are many flaws...and many of those aren't from the game itself, but from the publisher. £40 for the game + £30 for the season pass is unacceptable, especially considering micro transactions, akin to f2p games, are everywhere. This is just another instance in which ubisoft took a good game and is ruining it.Peer to peer is also ludicrous considering it's primarily multiplayer. Dedicated servers are a must, and with the amount of money they're trying to sqeeze out of you with this game, they should be able to afford to run dedicated servers.Enough about the terrible publisher. The game itself is fantastic. The battle system is inventive and fresh, with a high learning curve...although, many hours are required to master it. The battle system isn't really desgined to handle ganking though, and most modes have you getting ganked. While you may encounter a few that are respectful, many are not. Ganking will lead to your death...a lot, especially for new players who aren't even confident in a 1v1, although, with well timed blocks and parries (and revenge mode, which gives you a short boost to your attack, as well as giving you armour) you can overcome 2v1s and often 3v1s. The world map/faction system is very interesting, as well...in which your faction fights to gain land, and the winning faction at the end of a season gets rewarded. The only donwside is the story mode. The story sounds like it was written by a 13 year old for a school assignment, 10 minutes before it was due. It's incredibly generic and gives no incentive to continue the liner, boring missions. The AI is also easily exploitable, making even realistic difficulty a breeze.All in all, the game itself is great and enjoyable, but again, ubisoft is ruining something great with its questionable marketing tactics."
,Recommended,304390,34626021,Posted: 30 August,all,sxnlit,"I absolutely love this game. It's honestly a dream come true for me, and yes, I understand there are many issues that come along with it. Regardless, I love this game to death. Ever since the very first gameplay releases, I was hooked on this game. I tried the open beta and played it as much as I could.This game isn't for everyone of course, and at times it can have a pretty steep learning curve. But it's so worth it.One of the main issues in this game is the p2p connection, and in the next season (2018) that's going to be fixed finally. The game is getting dedicated servers, and I'm assuming that will brirng many back to this game, making it great once again.I have a great passion for this game and it's truly one of my favorites, and it'll always be dear to me.I have absolutely no reason to do anything but wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who loves medieval/fantasy genres."
,Recommended,304390,33712798,Posted: 21 July,all,Jäger,"Sure, why not go ham. You'll either hate it, or hate it and still play it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29943252,Posted: 15 February,all,raWii,"Not enough content to be 60$ game. Not even dedicated servers, basic ubishit..//EDIT Not even ranked gamemode was added to the full release, huge disappointment to me atleast."
,Not Recommended,304390,29931160,Posted: 14 February,all,micrOd0tz,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game - lost connection to ubisoft servers so it took me back to the beginning of the game...
76561198081249962,Not Recommended,304390,33238980,Posted: 4 July,all,LudTheLumberjack,I think there is a good game behind all the flaws. But i just can't recommend it to anyone in its current state.
76561198065038551,Recommended,304390,31452517,Posted: 29 April,all,Vector,Step 1: Get pushed off ledgeStep 2: CryStep 3: Push someone else off a ledgeStep 4: Hump the air repeatedlyStep 5:CONNECTION ERROR
76561198004305363,Not Recommended,304390,29928757,Posted: 14 February,all,MegaJuicePop✞,I have one word for you that will make this game the worse $60 you will ever spend. Microtransactions!DONT BUY THIS GAME!Update: I bought steel and got very good gear. I'm doing more damage and taking less damage. Also bought all the feats.Pay To Win?
76561198079823188,Not Recommended,304390,30078501,Posted: 21 February,all,(PG) Corythus,"The game is barely unplayable because of the broken network connection. Shame on you Ubisoft.1. Spend an hour or more if you have problems, to prepare your router for Ubisoft.2. Start the game, wait 20-30 minute (or 1 hour) to get NAT open.3. Find some multiplayer game. (Don't worry if you get error messages, you will be still in the main menu.)4. Get crash in the middle of the first or the second match.5a. Crash out to desktop.5b. The game will freeze down.6. Repeat.39,99€ for Season Pass? Definitely!And good luck with the Ubisoft NO Refund policy."
,Not Recommended,304390,29944299,Posted: 15 February,all,Gottar,"It would be great not have to wait 10 minutes to find a matchThe only game modes that you can play without any connection problems are 1v1 and 2v2- Gameplay: 6/10- Graphics: 10/10- Netcode: meh/10 (rubber-banding, rollbacks, and a lot of host-migration issues)The lack of dedicated servers will kill this game in no time"
,Not Recommended,304390,29931140,Posted: 14 February,all,Suicide is badass,"Don't get me wrong, the game's fun. I've played it in beta and I immediately bought the game when it came out as well. However, to save some headache, don't get the game until Ubisoft decides to fix the inconsistencies and balance issues within the game. At the current stage of the game with very poor matchmaking and character balance, as well as gamemode exploits, For Honor gets to the point of becoming extremely frustrating and unfun."
76561198014010906,Not Recommended,304390,30956468,Posted: 5 April,all,djrobertjohnson,Another Great Game held hostage by Ubisoft. Look elsewhere. Your princess is in another castle.
,Not Recommended,304390,34210489,Posted: 13 August,all,Echrond,Faces a Prestige 53 while I'm prestige 1. Game says the match is even and skill is on par.
,Not Recommended,304390,30345392,Posted: 5 March,all,Nojar,"The game could become something, but atm the combat is quite spammy revolving around unblockable attacks and stuns. It becomes a bit lame quite fast. 1v1 and 2v2 games work mostly well, groups don't, and you can pretty much write off the 4v4 game modes. Finding and loading a 4v4 match takes what feels like an eternity. Even worse, you'll be staring at the Syncing..-screen couple times a game and in the end more than half of them end into a disconnection. On the other hand, you're not missing much by only playing 1v1s and 2v2s, only the Dominon 4v4 seems to have something going for it. Skirmish and Elimination aren't really worth anyone's time.I think the game is worth about 10$. They have a lot of work to do before it's worth the full price."
76561198026245189,Not Recommended,304390,29943065,Posted: 15 February,all,Shadow_Thieve,"The game is very nice and plays very well, it can be very immersive and the campaign is also very interesting.  Everything runs well apart from the servers, and the faction war. Since beta it would always kick you out mid game and therefore it was very difficulat to level up or get money, same applies for the actual game but the only difference is that it occurs less often (but still very annoying). The faction war is also very glitchy, i would log in and it would say that i last logged in 2 days ago and would reset everything back to scratch, this would also happen after i have to reopen the game cuz it crashed which would take like a time limit of 5 minutes. Overall, do not buy it now just wait for the game to be polished up and for UBISOFT to fix their damn servers.Also a side note, the servers are so bad at the moment that for the past 5 games i have been kicked."
76561198045838496,Not Recommended,304390,29939146,Posted: 15 February,all,Tayato,"UPDATE: Half a year goes by and Matchmaking still sucks along with Ubisoft. Ubisoft does not care for the game. Gear is stupid and OP, especially when you are using low-level heroes against fully decked 108 gear level- Reputation 100 enemy. Wow. just... amazing... No words for this game anymore, I truly do love it... I truly do check it from time to time, but I've almost lost all hope. This game will NEVER be fixed, it is doomed to die from launch. I would refund this if I could... Don't get the game, go buy Skyrim instead.First things first, I LOVE For Honor.I am a big fan of it, have been waiting for its release for years, and have tested and played its beta and enjoyed it.And don't get me wrong. I love medieval games, and revel in the thought of Samurais V Vikings V Knights!And that is why I was patiently waiting, and hoping that the game's flaws were all ironed out upon release and can become better than its own beta test.But upon playing the release, I cannot reccommend this game to anyone, seriously. Please highly consider a few things before you sink your money into this developer-forsaken game.Pros:-Amazing graphics-Awesome gameplay-Concept is just badas & cool-Quite a bit of customization-Story single player isn't badCons:-The matchmaking system STILL SUCKS. Yes, I cannot stress this enough! It uses Player to Player connection (P2P), and it still does. What this means is that finding matches is going to be at least 10 mins long, and when you do miracolously find and join a game session, you will be disconnected for no reason other than the game's stupid system, even if you have decent or even good internet. Why? Simply because the Host of your game session does not have decent internet connection. Random disconnects, SUPER EXTRA Long wait times on game matchmaking, LAG LAG LAG, and  worst of all: It WILL disconnect in the most inappropriate times.-Bugs, Yes BUGS. and A Lot. It's like it's saying ""Fak the Alpha/Beta test, Nothing has changed and nothing will."" You join a game of Dominion and what happens? You are stuck looking at the top view of the entire map like a God, with NO option of spawning within the game...wth... or you spawn, the game starts and....your stuck...just stuck....as other soldiers whisk around you frantic on the battle they are about to face, you just stand there...armor and all....like an idiot...then of course you get disconnected...classic. yay.-The battle system is fun and innovative but it is not without its flaws. From spammable combos on certain heroes, to bugs that will not allow you to parry or block, to exploitable gameplay mechanics that will leave other honest players at a disadvantage, and many more. It is sad to say, that Ubisoft has done nothing whatsoever to fix these problems even after beta testing, heck I think personally it just got worse in the release. (P.S Fullscreen is still mistakebly being put on Full Windowed Mode, freakin lazy arses)-What I was dissapointed at the most probably, is the fact that many people pay huge amounts of money, especially to pre-order this stupid game, BUT WE DON'T EVEN FULLY OWN IT. What I mean is that, most in-game stuff is locked and can only be bought by an in-game currency called ""Silver"". C'mon, try and guess what Ubisoft did to this ""In-Game"" Currency. Like a freakin troll, they made this currency extremely hard to get, and requires hours, if not, days to muster up enough silver to even buy anything cool (fine for a hardcore gamer, but not for casuals). I mean we already bought the game, why dafuq do we have to bear with most of the cosmetics, and equipment being locked away until we grind ourselves to death. I thought gaming was supposed to be fun. Although, you don't really need the cosmetics to perform well in the game, but it just pisses me off to see an uber expensive game being treated like it's a free-to-play game model. Even if you do want to buy silver with real money, it costs a fortune (almost as much as the deluxe edition of this game) to get most of the things you'd probably want to buy... (e.g. Executions, Emote, Effect, Costumes, Equipment, Blah blah blah...) It's stupid and I feel tricked personally, I mean, buying the stupid Gold Edition or even Deluxe does not get you a lot of stuff to be honest...rather you save your money and use it to buy more stupid silver.-The game is made for some heroes to be better or a counter to other heroes, and although its not like this means you can't win against these odds, it will just be really hard. Especially since the game is built upon 1 v 1, and not really meant for a free for all.-If you are getting the game for the singleplayer, DON'T. It is not made for a single player experience. Although the story campaign wasn't bad, it was still short, and not exactly amazing. This game's multiplayer is where it shines...or was supposed to at least...(a connection error occured returning to main menu)-I don't know how, but upon release, they have made revenge mode incredibly buffed. Not only is it a bit harder now to beat a guy with a revenge buff, it is also extremely EASY to get into revenge mode now. Making it possible for 1 guy to beat 3 or even 4 people at once by just spamming revenge mode over and over. This doesn't make sense, 1 guy shouldn't be able to beat multiple opponents so easily, this isn't dota. Even the best players MUST run away when faced with such an ordeal. But somehow now, any troll can just take you down just by defending a few attacks and then activating revenge mode and completely annihilating your team. Or sometimes even, your team member activates revenge mode as well, and you get a battle fest of super saiyans duking it out... wtf...-Ubisoft nuff said...Well, overall For Honor is still my favourite game at the moment, even with all these flaws. Just goes to show how much potential this game truly has. It has depth, it has style and everything needed for an A class game. Shame its flaws are shining brighter than all those good things I've just mentioned...Don't get the game until Ubisfoft mans up and irons out these problems. Seriously. Not only do I HIGHLY reccomend you to not get the game, I even implore you to make a petition to sell this game to another developer. Coz such a shame, it had potential...it really did..."
76561198100803566,Not Recommended,304390,29939477,Posted: 15 February,all,cookie bear :),I will come back once you fix the game
76561198107436749,Not Recommended,304390,29928765,Posted: 14 February,all,Calculated J,"The worst server issues I have ever experienced. Do not buy in its current state. Have begun 10 PvP games, only finished 1 due to disconnecting."
,Not Recommended,304390,29936713,Posted: 14 February,all,That Guy,"Right of the bat, let me just say that the gameplay for this game is great. It's fun, great pacing, and you really feel like you are holding a large weapon (except for PeaceKeeper and Beserker since they have small weapons). The problem? The game is full of awful microtransactions, a $40 dollar season pass, bugs everywhere, DRM, and no dedicated servers (it uses a peer to peer system, which makes it worse that there isn't any dedicated servers).  What. The. ♥♥♥♥.And don't tell me that it's fine that it has DRM. If there is a single player or any option that allows me to play on my own, I should be allowed to play it offline, and yes, there is a single player mode.I'm probably not going to buy another Ubisoft product. If they are going to ruin their other games like they did this one, then there is no hope for them."
76561198061877760,Not Recommended,304390,29936610,Posted: 14 February,all,truetrav81,Maybe gaming companies will learn that short term profit at cost to reputation and buyer trust equals long term fail.
76561198120969461,Not Recommended,304390,30078146,Posted: 21 February,all,Superbeantv,Well that was fun for about 3 days.  The customization is kinda not even there.  Everyone looks the same.  The champs get old. 1v1 is the only fun mode.  The rest of the modes are kinda just there to get teams involved. Very Esports bait.  Story is non exsistant.  Its literally just a long tutorial.  Only reason I did it was because I wanted the free steel you get for completing.  I was watching Pokimane the entire time I was playing the story.  It was so boring that I stopped paying attention to it.  Online has just gotten old.  The daily contracts arent even daily.  The wait time for more contracts is much too long.  I complete them in an hour tops and after that their is nothing making stay on.  I kinda just say ok done and I log off.  I had a lot of hope for this game but honestly its another of ubisofts online forgets.   My friends that bought it have stopped playing.  This is not a triple A game.  Its a 40 dollar game sold at full price.  I am not even trying to hate on the game.  I am still hopefull that they will listen to us and change some stuff.  If your thinking of buying For honor Id wait for a big sale.
76561198017402864,Not Recommended,304390,29944965,Posted: 15 February,all,Batariel,"Peer to peer connection. Simply dont buy it. Cannot join 4v4 or even 2v2 because of peer to peer, only playable mod is 1v1, and still i am waiting like 2 minutes to connect.... Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed up once again. GREED IS REAL."
,Recommended,304390,29929788,Posted: 14 February,all,¨°º✪GodzBlaze✪º°¨,Great competitive game. If you like *fighting* game which require reaction time / mind game / skill etc...This game is for you but beware it has multiple flaws.I have hope the game will only get better with future update and balance.Only real downside for me its the P2P server which can be annoying sometimes but it work great in 1v1 and 2v2 mode.
,Not Recommended,304390,29972746,Posted: 16 February,all,Pizza Chef,"Gameplay is great, balancing is great, story is great, and the graphics are godly. Everything about the game is great. It's just the fact that Ubisoft made it. $60 Price tag, no dedicated servers, and DLC at launch. This just screams bad.Note: I would change to positive with the addition of dedicated servers."
76561198026293498,Not Recommended,304390,29933844,Posted: 14 February,all,Chisonih,Crash Due to Inactivity is a Buzzkill especially when it happens every other match.Great Game but seriously ubisoft please fix this asap.
76561197999460912,Recommended,304390,29917665,Posted: 14 February,all,Hannibalurg,"Keeps getting kicked due to inactivity, while fighting...."
76561198148163956,Recommended,304390,34173467,Posted: 11 August,all,SlayerSuch,"A steep learning curve but when you get past that its fun, with dedicated servers coming i only hope this game becomes more stable"
,Not Recommended,304390,29935812,Posted: 14 February,all,Nuire,"THIS REVIEW IS VERY LONG AND RAMBLEY, SEE THE END FOR A TL;DR ON MY PRIMARY REASONS FOR THIS RECNow I never really got into the hype of this game, nor did I ever really want to pick up this game until my friends told me about it and asked me to play with them. Reluctantly I said yes. And ironically, I don’t play with them at all. I never bought into the team aspect but I enjoyed the aesthetic of warriors from middle history battling each other. So going forward with this review, I’d like to say I came in with no real concept of the game and a clear conscience.Upon opening the For Honor Open Beta, I was met with a tutorial. It introduced you to the simple mechanics with clarity, and allowed you ample room to train and even learn some of the more advanced mechanics such as parrying and countering guard breaks. I have to give Ubisoft some credit to this because not many games introduce a player to its core with a tutorial and some tools to help them practice. In a sense, the tutorial made the game and its more advanced mechanics much much simpler to understand…Or perhaps the game itself was already easy to pick up (I’ll get into that later). The next thing to do was join multiplayer, and that’s where I met my first gripes with the game.While I enjoyed the concept of a cross platform faction war, I didn’t really enjoy matchmaking at all. While I’m basing some of my experiences with matchmaking on the Open Beta, my opinion still stands strong. Previously in the open beta, it took quite some time to enter a game, and even then, there was no guarantee that the game itself would start. Sometimes people disconnected for no reason at all. Sometimes I disconnected for no reason at all. Entering the official release, this problem only seemed to make itself clear. Countless times have I run into the problem of being booted from matchmaking due to a connection error that I had no solution to. Countless times was I trapped in an endless loop of players joining and then failing to join. Needless to say it was frustrating. There’s also the problem with the fact that this game solely relies on P2P connection. There are no dedicated servers whatsoever, and for a game that touts a potential competitive scene, it’s downright discouraging. For Ubisoft to skimp out on dedicated servers for a game that relies on cooldowns, stuns, and timing, it’s a bit disappointing.Speaking of game mechanics, when I actually got into the game, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Sure, the first few games I ran around like a headless chicken. I understood some aspects of it, but definitely not enough to take on more experienced players. When I began to pick up on the game’s flow, I started to really enjoy it. Hacking and slashing is a fun thing to do, especially when you’re a Knight. However, as I began to play into it more, I noticed the game’s mechanics were kind of easy. You had the same premises of stuns, blocks, light attacks, heavy attacks, combos, and finishers from fighting games like Skullgirls, Mortal Kombat, and Tekken, the main difference being that the pace of the game is slower due to windups of each attack. Now this may not seem to make a big difference, but it gives players ample time to counter, and also perform their own combos. To me, this makes the game significantly easier, and more casual.This observation led me to conclude that the game really didn’t have a lot of depth. Like I said previously, the game was very easy to pick up. I was initially unsure of whether that was due to the tutorial or simply due to how the game was.However, looking into it, and comparing it to other fighting games, which really are its most direct comparison, I was convinced that the game didn’t have a lot of depth. Where Skullgirls contained a plethora of hidden strategies, and required great predictive skills in order to truly master it, For Honor gives you a UI that reveals all the information quite blatantly. Couple that with the slower pace of the game, it makes it even easier. This can be seen as a good thing, but for me, and probably for those who wanted to get into this competitively, I only see it as a way of lowering the skill ceiling.That doesn’t make the game undesirable though. The prospect of chopping heads off and fighting knights as a dainty samurai lady is pretty cool. Or fighting a very thick, bat wielding samurai with a petite knight. All that is very amusing and really fun to play out. There’s also a sense of satisfaction that I don’t get with any other game when I get a kill in For Honor. None of what I said up above detracts from the fun of this game.What does detract from the fun are the microtransactions. When a studio decides to use their money to implement a system only seen in fee to pay games on a fully priced AAA title instead of dedicated servers, it makes me a little bit mad. I’m not like other people who give a negative recommendation immediately after seeing microtransactions, but to see money that could’ve been spent to enhance player experience from the get go, go towards something that reduces the importance of a core part of the game (the progression system) it pushes me to be like those people.It really is a shame.All in all, I’d give this a cautionary recommendation. As it stands now, the game is fun. It’s great to get into. But with the shallowness of the game, the problems with matchmaking, and the microtransactions, it really isn’t worth it until two out of the three complaints are addressed by the developer. At least to me.TL;DR-----------------------------------The game is pretty easy to get into, and it’s very enjoyable. But keep in mind that it’s a bit on the shallow side in terms of mechanics, and that it relies on P2P connection and has some problems with microtransactions. I caution you buying this, because I don't know where Ubisoft will take it.Give it a strong 6 to a light 7."
,Recommended,304390,29971814,Posted: 16 February,all,Wilowwa,"The game is amazing, deep combat, more fighting games than anything else, i have experieced very few connectivity issues however i know some people that have"
76561198134491974,Not Recommended,304390,30230832,Posted: 27 February,all,Chilly,"Currently, with the player-to-player connection, this game is unplayable. 1v1s, are usually fine, but after an hour today of elimination I was only able to finish one. single. game. I was disconnected from countless others. Why Ubisoft didn't get servers is beyond me. While I absolutely love the combat of this game, it's impossible to recommend For Honor in it's current state.----------------------------------------------------------------PROS-----------------------------Amazing combat.-Completely skill based if you play modes without gear.-A decent cast of characters that all play differently.-Brilliantly optimised (In my experience... I have a 1060 6gb, and on Extreme settings I easily break 80fps)----------------------------------------------------------------CONS-----------------------------ABYSMAL connection problems. [THIS PROBLEM OVERSHADOWS ALL OTHERS]-An embarrassing attempt at a story (At least you get loot?).[In all honesty, I can't come up with many complaints with this game. If the connection problems are fixed this will be changed immediately to a positive review, as the story doesn't really matter to me, but in it's current state the game is unplayable]"
,Not Recommended,304390,29933558,Posted: 14 February,all,RubyBard,"Not worth the $60... its like paying $60 to get ♥♥♥♥ed up the♥♥♥♥♥ If you like to play on the most difficult setting, prepare you♥♥♥♥♥♥for the last mission of Chapter 1. When the Jarl sets his dogs on you, there's a 5% chance the game will register that you blocked it. On top of that, even if you CLEARLY hit one of the dogs while they're walking around, they won't get damaged. Have fun repeatedly dying because of how poorly designed that part is. I understand that the last mission is supposed to be hard, but jesus, this is a whole new level of trash."
,Not Recommended,304390,29925960,Posted: 14 February,all,Porta1987,"OK i change my review i do not recommend this game at all esp to people who are like me who dont like in game stores where you can buy in game currency for real cash to unlock weapons and armour etc.Not only is this game 40 pound which is stupid money for the amount on content but their is no dedicated servers its P2P servers which we all no are a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥esp if the host has bad internet or he leaves etc, but this game also has an ingame store where you can buy in game currency and with that you can unlock better armour and weapons with. So in my opinion not only its stupidly over priced but Ubisoft have done it again they have made a game with great potential to be good a pay to win. What the actual F**K its well done my head in tbh so dissapointed with that.The game itself is fun to play and graphics are really nice but for me as soon as a game has an in game store where you can purchase currency to unlock better weapons and armour just absolutely kills a game for me. What is the point in you working you nut off to unlock this gear and actually earn in game money and someone can just come along download it and buy 70 pounds worth of in game currency and unlock everything he needs, please tell me what is the point? Takes the fun right out of it.If this was a free to play then id understand the in game store but when your already paying over the price for it and theirs an in game store its ridiculous but i should of known better than to buy an Ubisoft game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30223501,Posted: 27 February,all,AwesomeAssassin,"It's a great game on its core, but at it's current state, you might wanna think twice before buying. It's a paid game with microtransactions, pay2win elements to some extent, and if you wanna get some of the cooler customization items, you're gonna have to use your real money for it since the ingame currency you get from grinding isn't close to a fair amount. Some of the gameplay elements like environmental kills and revenge mechanics are completely broken. Some characters can be considered OP at the moment, but they can always be fixed in balance patches. K/B mouse is decent to play with for the most part, although myself as well as my friends have noticed that mouse controls can be a bit buggy sometimes. I probably don't have to say how bad the p2p matchmaking is, I think it's been already talked about enough at this point.  And given ubisoft's track records, it's better not to buy this game at the moment and wait if and till they fix these issues. Overall, it IS a great and innovative  game, being held back by and in the hands of the wrong company."
,Not Recommended,304390,29950259,Posted: 15 February,all,Oleas,Game is awesome only reason for not buy it is server issues there is no dedicated server i will update my review as soon as ubisoft fix that problem.
76561198007198358,Not Recommended,304390,29928736,Posted: 14 February,all,What Compound,"I played the open BETA with very little connectivity issuesNow when I buy the game, I cannot even start a custom match vs ai??!?!!?I CANNOT JOIN  MULTIPLAYER SERVER TO SAVE MY LIFEAll I can play is the bland, generic, and unchallenging single player.I buy the game, and now i'm in for honor purgatory!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, until you see in the forums and reviews that they have at least FIXED their awful connectivity issues, because I paid $60 USD for a game that I cannot play for the most part"
76561198021899277,Recommended,304390,32765084,Posted: 25 June,all,Mad Dog Biff,"Ignore the prophets of doom who say "" don't buy this game"". I have played ( and still play) For honor alot. I'll be honest , I have not completed the campaign. I really enjoyed what I played but the multiplayer is addictive. 1v1 duels. 2v2 and elimination is where it's at for me. Other game modes are still very good but I like intense combat of facing my opponent head on.I think part of the thrill of the fight is , you never know at the start of the game what opponent you will fight. What class or skill level. And everyone fights differently.You can fight against bots for practice to learn each character. All the characters have very different move sets so it can take time to learn. But for those who like great medieval combat , this is the game for you"
76561198119916212,Not Recommended,304390,29936681,Posted: 14 February,all,wyalbet,"server sucksSUPER SUCKSplayed 10 games in a row. only 3 of those were ""normal"""
76561198074430620,Not Recommended,304390,29941983,Posted: 15 February,all,Mimms,"The game is fun, skill cap is high but the P2P server system is complete garbage. Its both unbalanced in favour of the host and unstable to play on. I had a match where the game made someone with a bad connection host and we spent more time syncronizing to server than we did fighting. Sure, you can leave game and then sit in a que for 5 minutes again to play a 5 minute match..."
76561198013728428,Recommended,304390,29927552,Posted: 14 February,all,Brigador,"Hybrid game, with fighting game modes and a moba-like mode, pretty intriguing. Unfortunately it's plagued by a player hosting choice. The matchmaker also only put you with local players, so if not that many play in your geographic location, you can end up with insufferably long queue times.Also, abusive microtransactions, beware. Aesthethic only in some game modes, but trully P2W in Dominion (moba) mode, where items (and you can buy item packs with real money) increase character stats.I recommend it because of the incredible fight systems, but only if you can deal with those cons. All in all, imho, the combat systems make it worthy EVEN being an Ubisoft game. They manage to make it a dificult decision tough."
,Not Recommended,304390,29936318,Posted: 14 February,all,Wzajemny,"Game has terrible balancing though one of it's saving graces is being exceptionally well optamised for PC, both in controls and graphically. Other than that, I really hope they release a patch to better balance the game, as guard breaking and environmental kills are cheap and overpowered.Unfortunately, no dedicated servers for a game that really would help it. It uses peer to peer connection making it an annoyance every time the randomly selected host either lags or disconnects, which pauses the game for everyone for about 3 seconds and it can happen multiple times within one game.Microtransactions are not even subtle in the slightest. Different skins for weapons/armor actually give differing stats, usually boosting a stat while degrading another. It's a balance trade off, but it's still wrong to have stat alternating cosmetics. Game can be played without the whole Champion time thing, which is essentially paid premium that gives you more boosts, etc. but it's also wrong to incorporate these into a game that already costs so much.A lot of people argue that season passes are bad, but you're paying for content that isn't out yet, so simply don't buy it. No gun to your head.tl;dr buy this game on a sale, at least when the base game is ~£20 (~$25) or just don't at all if any of these previous points leave a bad taste in your mouth."
76561198354720051,Not Recommended,304390,34899898,Posted: 12 September,all,Gutana,"I've played around 320 hours. i enjoyed this game but even more i got frustrated. yes the game has improved, but its still unstable due to terrible connectivity issues, matchmaking, balance which is an absolute joke and worst community you will encounter online.( you think dota 2 has cancer community? i dare you play this.) what i think of this game now? ♥♥♥♥ this game. ;)"
,Not Recommended,304390,29916956,Posted: 14 February,all,RenSKiϟ,How bout fix the amount of errors first???? before releasing the game. Coz 1 in like 10 games you wont get an error.
,Not Recommended,304390,33200710,Posted: 3 July,all,Jesti789,I do not know why ubisoft refuses to fix what is broken. Almost every character has something that can easily be changed to bring more balance but that is apparently way to complicated for ubisoft.
76561198093922032,Not Recommended,304390,29936106,Posted: 14 February,all,maddawg2020,"Run away!... is what this game should be called since 90% of its players do this. 4v4? LMAO more like 4v1, groups wont engage other groups only if another enemy player is alone. Weak... Only game mode worth playing is 1v1, so why pay $60 for a multiplayer with only one playable game mode? it's not worth it. Refund plz."
76561198015971854,Not Recommended,304390,29928845,Posted: 14 February,all,tingmann,"Region locked. Cannot change subtitle/menu language to English.I play multiplayer games to play with people from all over the world, not restricted regions.That alone is reason enough for me to stay away from it."
,Recommended,304390,30066412,Posted: 20 February,all,Cteklite,"For Honor is a fun game.Now that that's out of the way, you should probably disregard the rest of this review since I don't have as many common issues as everyone else.1: I have little to no problems with matchmaking or connections.2: Ganking is definitely an issue. Like, I've had 1v4's. I thought this was ForHONOR,guys.3. I've not once seen any microtransactions. Steel, the game's payment method, is practically given out as a participation award, and you can get a full pack of gear for 500 of it.4. Speaking of gear, yes, it does have an effect on gameplay, but it doesn't make you invincible. Ganking does.5. Literally the most dishonorable community I've ever seen. You bring shame to the art of dueling."
,Not Recommended,304390,30077883,Posted: 21 February,all,M.Café,I‘ll never reserve ubi's games again because its potato server.I'm very angry!
76561197999854792,Not Recommended,304390,29920847,Posted: 14 February,all,Teyraja,"Story is nice, but MP is only something if you have a fetish for prison rapes...mostly 2 or 3 vs one"
76561198056559789,Recommended,304390,29939924,Posted: 15 February,all,Raijin,So this game has awesome mechanics if you want a nice sword fighting game.All the people who downvote this game are really people who either should read or stop complaining.Most of the stuff is free but for people who want more out of it there are micro transactions or seasons passes.YOU DONT HAVE TO BUY THOSE TO ENJOY THIS GAME ! Its not pay to win people. Its merely cosmetics and boosters.So really buy this game if you tried in de alpha or beta like i did and enjoyed it.Dont buy this if you are too fed up with microtransactions being in a game. You know what you buy so dont b*itch about it later..This awesome game needs more praising !PRAISE ( the sun )   FOR HONOR !!!  \[T]/
,Not Recommended,304390,29935782,Posted: 14 February,all,Melted,"No dedicated servers in a reflexive fighting game.Don't buy until they get some freaking servers.I'm gonna try to refund, never thought I'd do that in my lifetime."
,Not Recommended,304390,30100838,Posted: 22 February,all,KYT,"5 days after buying this game, still not able to play a single dominion match without de-sync or disconnecting. Good job with your network infrastructure Ubisoft. The beta was better than this. Don't buy this if you are in Singapore and would like to play the Dominion mode."
,Not Recommended,304390,30076621,Posted: 21 February,all,ilevary,"Funny but.... ""Returning to menu..."""
76561198081614969,Not Recommended,304390,30777345,Posted: 27 March,all,Kalu,Game has potential but sadly it is almost unplayable since you get disconnected so often. I can't finish a single dominion match these days or any other 4v4 gamemode. 2v2 and 1v1 is bit more playable but still I have experienced far too many disconnects on them as well. I have stopped playing For Honor since most of my gametime I  have spend on the matchmaking screen...And right now the balance of the game isn't great at all.I hope Ubisoft will fix this game as soon as possible but I have a feeling it is not going to happen very soon or maybe not at all.
76561198020637824,Not Recommended,304390,29936023,Posted: 14 February,all,Alfonz,game is fun p2p servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell every 2-3 games dc's honestly this game has so much poetential in multiplayer buts its really bad lets force ubisoft to buy some real ♥♥♥♥ing servers
,Not Recommended,304390,29933455,Posted: 14 February,all,Radioactive Slav,"Ubisoft made a Romeo of a game into some deformed creature with down syndrome crying in a corner. 0/10, would get pushed off of a cliff 100 times again"
,Not Recommended,304390,29933975,Posted: 14 February,all,PikaTopher,"This game has the POTENTIAL to be good, however, it's next to impossible to connect online. Ubisoft destroyed this game and all hopes I had of enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,304390,34784267,Posted: 6 September,all,Mashuo,Great for some casual fun but nothing to fulfill any long-term desires competitive wise.The current state of this game just won't allow it.Maybe we will see it having it's redemption arc at some point.Maybe.
,Recommended,304390,29957235,Posted: 15 February,all,IntelInside,"Fun, Intense and engaging battles are enough to keep you playing this game for countless hours. the only issue i faced is the p2p based connection without a dedicated servernote to ubisoft : please create your own dedicated servers and more gamers will keep playing your gameRelease more contents in the upcoming months to make this game fresh and avoid tedious gameplayat this current state i give it a 7/10 and if ubi fixes connection problems i won't hesitate to give it a 9/10"
76561198330991939,Not Recommended,304390,30758512,Posted: 26 March,all,Angenom,"Yup.. didn't actually look up the problems this game had. People do love the gameplay and that was the only thing i had heard before purchase. Well, i found out afterwards what a mistake i've made. Mostly unplayable. When it works it works well, but the amount of sh**t you have to deal with to get there.Summary: Don't purschase the game. Probably won't get prioritised for a fix either since i'm pretty sure they already cashed in."
76561198219397999,Not Recommended,304390,30758118,Posted: 26 March,all,Man's Not Hot,"dont pay 60 dollars for a buggy game that dont even have servers.they arent even fixing the bugs, they dont care.the game is up like 7 weeks and they arent patching simple bugs (you can sometime see your mouse in game).plz fix ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30014880,Posted: 18 February,all,Ghatak,"With an 'above average' campaign, a deep, satisfying combat system (well as deep as multiplayer melee can get), and SOLID core gameplay, this game is marred by -Connection/server issues, Microtransactions...I don't know if these are genuine, intentional malpractices or just sheer stupidity.Very well optimised, fairly nice soundtrack, nice balancing amongst classes, a fine array of game modes, EXCELLENT customisation options.Review might turn positive in the future depending upon how it gets treated by its makers/creators/devs for us gamers."
,Recommended,304390,29942593,Posted: 15 February,all,™ĐдRcK˘°,"● Pros :- the graphics are gorgeous- love the art design (enviroment and warriors)- satisfying animations- the campaign is very fun and challenging (especially on Realistic Difficulty) but kinda short and you win prizes by completing each mission that you can use for multiplayer (badges, colors, decorations for your hero, etc)- well optimized- each hero has their own abilities- beautiful outfits, emotes,interesting executions- etc.● Cons :- peer-to-peer; pay-to-play; pay-to-win- very hard to learn and do the combos, let's say that you practice your fighting skills against bots, all good until you go on multiplayer, forgot everything you learned and get your a** whooped- when you get outnumbered by the enemy most of the time you just die instantly unless you fill the ""REVENGE"" meterbar and go super saiyan for a few seconds, then you die- if you want good loot for your favorite hero you need to play him A LOT and spend more in-game currency to get better gear- the matchmaking is pretty bad for now because most of the time it puts you against very good players with like 50-100 gear level, it's just not fun #getshitonAll in all I really enjoy this game, I have great fun while playing it especially with friends.8.5/10 I recommend this game! ☺"
,Not Recommended,304390,30785284,Posted: 27 March,all,Rouru,"Honestly this game has a lot of potential, and that's why I'm sad to give it a negative review.The core gameplay is really exciting, a lot of interesting combos and mixups makes for an interesting fighting game.The reason I dislike it though is that it's far too easy to be defensive, watching two good players fight is just watching them stand there pretty much until the other attacks.Then there's the cheese. Enviromental kills, revenge mode, 2v1s etc. etc. I'm not saying they should be removed, they can make for interesting gameplay, but as it is right now you sometimes spawn on a bridge with no ledges where a single GB can kill you because you get thrown off. A ledge here and there is fine, but ubisoft please limit them.And the game is greedy. Once you've paid $60 for the game itself it keeps asking you to buy ingame currency to unlock stuff. Yes you can also get the same things by playing, but I really hope we'll get rid of the pay real money for a random chance at loot thing. Too many games do it and it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tbqh.For the servers, yes they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥. As in good luck finding and completing a match of anything not 1v1, 2v2, or elimination. Queuetimes are awfully long, and the servers die all the time mid game. On skirmish and dominion you spend more time finding a game than playing, and only 1 in 3-4 games even finish due to people leaving and the servers dying. Peer to peer works for 1v1s and 2v2s, but ubisoft please get dedicated servers. This game has so much potential.Also there's gearscore in most gamemodes and if your gear isn't strong enough (which you upgrade by endless grinding of playing the same hero or just buying them) there's a very little chance you'll win.TLDR: great game, good with friends, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers, greedy, bad balance."
76561198060184318,Not Recommended,304390,30747136,Posted: 26 March,all,uiop1,"People are saying this game had potential i disagree. It never had potential because it was made by ubisoft and they haven't bothered to make a game that works. It looks cool and is sometimes is fun to play but thats not worth the money or time it takes to get over your frustration of ubisofts incompetent server management and the constant disconnects you get because of it. I haven't had one fair game all day because every guy i fight happens to be on the other side of the country im in, and p2p (pier to pier) doesn't work well for that so what happens every game is a lot of rollbacks and teleporting, and you end up dead on the other side of the map in a 1v1 having not even gone over there. Now to mention the NAT debacle, the reason im even wrighting this review. i had just launched the game and saw i had an open NAT first time today, been strict all before thought yes opening the ports and turning UPNP on is doing tsomething for the first time this week. I go into an elimination match and find a game game loads. But wait theres a poblem with the connection so it's trying to fix it and trying and trying for about 5 minutes, meanwhile everyone else has left because they alt tabed but i did not want to lose the open NAT so that wasn't an option. So i thought i'd wait it out and after all that waiting it does something it's never done, it crashes  so i relaunch the game hoping that my NAT will still be open but no it's gone back to strict again and i cant do any of my orders for extra xp, I can now only do 1v1 with the aformentioned teleporting and rollbacks for a minimal amount of xp.Ubisoft you're not a respectable game developing company you're a buntch of scam artist's pretending that you've made something good with no intension of making it playable.Sincerely everyone who has or will play this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30809384,Posted: 29 March,all,47,Ubisoft employer: What do you know about servers?Employee: What servers?Ubisoft employer: Welcome to Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,30075321,Posted: 21 February,all,vfc,"Good concept by a garbage company. Genuinely interesting melee mechanics ruined by a number of things:- Microtransactions in a $60 game- Season pass in a $60 game- Uplay- P2P servers, because who needs a level playing field in a game with a 1v1 focus- Guaranteed duel wins if you play cliff viking- If you're losing, you can leave with no penalty- Territory control in multiplayer has zero impact on the game and no purpose overall- Always online, even for single player campaignand some other assorted issues I'm too tired to list."
,Not Recommended,304390,30100990,Posted: 22 February,all,Monolith,"I heard of the netcode issues, yes. I didn't want to believe that because my oh my does the game look wonderful. I mean it has brilliant combat mechanics, gorgeous graphics and I love the designs of the armors and sceneries.At its core, the idea and the vision are 10/10.Execution though, what the hell went wrong, Ubi? Oh, greed. Should've known.So here's my experience. I bought the game. I installed the 30gb chunk and hopped on. Training sessions felt like they were limited to 30fps, which made no sense. Ran the benchmark and it began running 60 on average with some weird freezes where there was nothing graphically intensive.I fiddled about with the singleplayer for an hour and jumped online while I still had steam time.Very first botgame I crashed on startup. Fair enough I'll update my drivers.Next botgame refused to find players and I got kicked out of a lobby due to an error.Tried PVP, I got about 4 error codes before managing to connect to a server. It crashed too.I managed to connect to an online game and it was fun as what, even though the server system desynced three times for a couple of seconds.After 2 more errors while matchmaking I get into another online game, and for five minutes, it goes half alright. A swing of mine goes through a player but that's fine. And in the middle of the duel, I get thrown to main menu for errors.Third game I got into after only one error code, I experienced lagging and more desyncs and after the host left and froze the game, I just had to quit.Just to clarify the amount of issues in 45min of online gameplay (read half of that is in the menus):2 crashes7 internet connection error codes (throws you back to main menu)5 or so desyncs and 1 host migration in 20min of actual gameplay.This means one game-stopping issue every two or three minutes, give or take. It kills the immersion and any hype or enjoyment.Regardless of how neat the new P2P system they have is in theory, in practice it is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This is primarily a PVP game. They are a AAA company, there is no excuse to leave dedicated servers out. This P2P implementation is killing the playerbase way sooner than it should wither, and it's a damn shame becase the game is damn solid outside the internet issues.I am not going to touch the microtransactions and the likes in this because I didn't have the time to get into that, but buyer beware, the internet connectivity in this is a joke!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29933878,Posted: 14 February,all,ccmatt,"$60 game$40 season passMicrotransactions to boot (that do give you advantages)EDIT: Forgot there is also a premium account system for 65,000 steel (you can buy 11,000 steel for $10)Absolutely awful business tacticsHowever... gameplay can be a lot of fun, unless someone goes for only environment kills. The environments look great, but the hazards really, REALLY take away from the skill based combat. It's the biggest drawback of the gameplay by far. Instant kills by just pressing the grab button twice. I don't know what they were thinking when they added those. But again, if people aren't going for those kills the gameplay can shine. But once more there is another caveat, both teams have to have decent players, which never happens with the match making. One teams almost always stomps the other.There are just too many pre-requisites for the game to meet to be fun. And the micro-transactions just further that pain."
76561198163755973,Not Recommended,304390,30643799,Posted: 20 March,all,H.K Corvo,i like the core gameplay but got quite stale after a week
,Not Recommended,304390,29925869,Posted: 14 February,all,oof,"This game has just failed. The single player is boring and the same thing over and over, and the multiplayer gets repetitive after a while. Not to forget how bad the servers are, and the game is already filled with microtransactions. I had high expectations for this game, ubisoft screwed it up.I'll be refunding."
,Not Recommended,304390,29929231,Posted: 14 February,all,AndyKnows92,You would think in 2017 that a game as big as this would have dedicated servers. but no you get peer2peer Instead a major lag fest and constant reconnecting to server every two seconds. Good bye Ubisoft as im done with your titles now. Shame really as the gameplay was pretty good
76561198030878029,Not Recommended,304390,29941864,Posted: 15 February,all,Cazabrow,"the game is a real diamond itself, and it makes me weep when i think how hard the devs worked on this gameplay only to be trapped by the one god sized problem which has killed For Honor's playerbase in one week.Which is Peer-to-Peer.Now what happens is that if you go for 15 minutes playing a 4v4 game and do really well, top the boards, get good stats. inevitably you'll get a game like this and then disconnect at the last second before you can cash that xp in. Which means you wasted 15 mins doing bugger all. Now you'll repeat this proces again and again and every 1,2,3 games or so it'll happen again - if you're lucky at the start so you don't waste soo much time only to lose it all again.DON'T BUY THIS GAME UNTIL (IF) UBISOFT GETS PROPER SERVERS. They do not respect their playerbase and are awkwardly pretending this problem doesn't exist."
,Not Recommended,304390,30713668,Posted: 24 March,all,PissAndMiss,"Hands down the most over-hyped piece of s*** of the century. Core game design and concept is good, but combat is glitchy, connection is awful, matchmaking is awful, and the community (myself included) is pretty awful. I highly recommend you avoid this game."
76561198066422617,Not Recommended,304390,30048809,Posted: 19 February,all,Psycho,Would literally be a top 5 game for me if wasnt peer to peer makes no sense all the skill is out the window because of it nice ubi.
,Not Recommended,304390,30075418,Posted: 21 February,all,Baby Driver,"One word for each aspect of this game.Story - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Characters - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Gameplay - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Immersion - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Environment - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Graphics - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Sound - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Music - I don't know, I keep disconnecting from the game.Overall - I kept disconnecting from the game."
76561198072635787,Not Recommended,304390,34160915,Posted: 10 August,all,Jebiwibiwabo,"Was on the ""For Honor"" hype train from beta to release, played it like crazy until my ds4 tools stopped working, began playing again very recently to extreme dissapointment, I knew the game had issues when I first started, but I could look past the initial problems of the game. I had hope that Ubisoft could resolve some of the issues, however to my dismay they didn't, if anything it became worse. When searching for a game (if I even got one) would constantly face me against renown level 50's or 40's whilst I was still at 0, with the usual issues plaguing the game from release, the P2P connection + lag.Tl;DrGame has somehow gotten worse in terms of problems."
,Not Recommended,304390,29944650,Posted: 15 February,all,Misguided Penis,- No dedicated server- Frequent disconnections- Frequent changing of hosts which pauses the game momentarily and it spoils the fun- $48.90 season pass what the ♥♥♥♥?- Campaign is boring- Lobby music is more suited for funerals- Insane microtransactions at max. First day of launch and Ubisoft allows you to unlock all feats at a price
,Not Recommended,304390,29941089,Posted: 15 February,all,xytis,"This game has three strong parts:1. Fight mechanics (really, these are cool and well refined)2. Single player narrative (short, but thought provoking)3. Persistent multiplayer meta-gameBut only these three parts does not make a game great. Or worth ~60 money units.Game has fallen short in understanding what players are going to do with the game.We are not launching the game to have completely unpredictable match making duration.We are not playing the game to wait two (or more) minutes in order to click through endless amount of popups and overlays which inform that we have received 143 xp points because of that random thing we did in previous match. We are here for another match.We are not inviting other people to our party just to get them kicked out of the match we have (finally) managed to assemble. And most definitely we are not playing the game to keep track of thousands of useless notifications, just to notice that our party member has been disconnected.We are not buying the game to have something we would have to explicitly teach ourselves about. Core mechanics -- cool, you got that covered. Advanced mechanics? Okay, there is a tutorial somewhere in the menus. Hero play style? Now if you don't read or watch others play... That might become a blocking issue.And most definitely we are not buying the game to feel overwhelmed by poor design (sorry, this is a recurring base issue in most of the above rants, but it is really really important)."
76561198118160890,Not Recommended,304390,30716748,Posted: 24 March,all,CleanToast3,"Absolutely terrible. If you are thinking of buying this game, don't. It's not worth it.The mechanics in the game are if your character is a hish level, they get better equipment. There is no gap between high level player and noobs, so you will be placed in matches with high level player, which means you have almost a 0% chance of winning that match.Absolutely disgusting and it needs to be fixed now. My refusnd request was denied and I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because i wasted $60 for this crap."
76561198048119948,Not Recommended,304390,29950627,Posted: 15 February,all,Apex,Riddled with microtransactions and no dedicated servers for 60$
,Not Recommended,304390,30133488,Posted: 23 February,all,aimbotz,"have never tried to refund a game before, this one is most liklely the first IF STEAM decides to give it to me. from when i brought this game i cannot find games. ive play ONE 1v1 with a real person and thats it. Not worth it. $106 for a stupid 1v1 and doesnt seem to coonect to any games. and yes ive checked my NAT."
76561198055387565,Not Recommended,304390,33207567,Posted: 3 July,all,Maj_Agreal,Dear ConsumerThis game is enjoable when the online connection works and lag or such things do not occur and chance of this is random since the host is someone in the match and they have bad interent then everyone in the match will lag and the system pics random person as host so no way to help choose someone with a reliable connection creating rag and other such feelings. i feel like a beating a dead horse with this online agrument but it needs to be said as much as possible to make ubisoft learn this practise of cheaping out on games to make more money should be become a theme for the company it has of late but needs to end. Futher down this review will go in more detail and my feelings for the game and what it says and the current state of ubisfot and how this company is digging a hole to make quick cash since it feels if this was done well it could have been a game to remeber.This game is good its just ubisoft had to cash cow it as usual they need to stop this they make money now and ruin their company name for future releases  its a shame this game could have been a landmark for fighting games but now its a black mark on the genre people saying that broken fighting game that's nearly unplayable and has connection problems and no support at all from the devs to support the community and they ignore that there games is dieing and will soon be abandoned but they say we made our money for early 2017 with for honor so now we go to assassins creed origins to make money and then what ever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they release next saying its next gen peer to peer which there is no such thing peer to peer is that nothing else you cannot improve a peer to peer system its the cheap way of running a online game and is killing for honor fast and will lose them money over time with a dead player base and a lot of refund requests and angry people going social media and making ubisoft hated and no trusted by the average consumer anymore.Maj_Agreal
,Not Recommended,304390,30077890,Posted: 21 February,all,Kirchberg,P2P ServersMicrotransactions3 ModesNo Honor
,Recommended,304390,30207742,Posted: 26 February,all,|2edford,"There are a lot of complaints about the P2P connection.  I live in the mid-west USA just outside Cincinnati Ohio.  In 4v4 games, there will occasionally be someone who rage quits or drops and the game has to migrate hosts.  It can be annoying.  But it's not as frequent as a problem as all of these complaints make it out to be.  I was frankly surprised when I saw For Honor has mixed reviews.  My experience with the netcode has been good enough to not warrant any real complaint.  Sometimes you'll get cheesed out from some lag...hey, welcome to the internet man.  That stuff happens.  Relax.  No one's playing for money here.I also want to point out that a P2P connection decreases overall latency in the communication between players, making it possible to react faster to attack directions etc.  Introducing a dedicated server between adds more time to that process of communication.  P2P is good for reaction based competitive games, like fighting games, whereas shooters like Counter-Strike can get by on a dedicated server by making player position predictions etc.  It's a totally different environment.  A lot of these people complaining about P2P just don't understand that it's not simply objectively worse than a dedicated server, and that's probably part of the reason why Ubisoft went with it for For Honor.As far as the gameplay goes:I am a long time veteran of Mount & Blade: Warband, I've logged all the time spent almost exclusively in vanilla multiplayer.  I have a lot of experience and respect for the combat system of Warband.  Chivalry looked good, felt good to move around, was a bit more intuitive to play, but the actual high level competitive meta was complete bogus nonsense.  It failed to capture that back and forth slugfest.  Mount & Blade did a good job but it was not an intuitive system.To my surprise For Honor has managed to put together an incredibly well thought out melee system that addresses the issues from both Mount & Blade and Chivalry.  It's intuitive with the HUD, everything is clearly marked, there is never really a point in confusion about what you ""should have done"" when you get hit by something, whereas in M&B until you learn about the subtle concept of good footwork and turning into your swings etc, it's completely baffling why you're losing.  Chivalry was intuitive like that.  But what Chivlary wasn't was solid feeling.  It felt cheesy, gamey.  You'd hold sprint and try to circle around and cheese someone out instead of squaring off against them.  It was about catching someone off balance with a gimmick more than it was creating your own opening through conditioning and mind games.  For Honor has captured the intuitiveness and pleasing aesthetic of Chivalry and managed to combine it with the depth of Mount & Blade.  The end result is a surprisingly simple combat system that has a staggering amount of depth compared to what you may have initially expected when first seeing the game.  Make no mistake -- this IS a fighting game.  Mount & Blade actually got me into competitive fighting games 6 years ago back in 2011, so all the concepts I've learned in that time apply flawlessly to For Honor, and it's really remarkable.Bottom line:The game...+ Looks great.+ Sounds great.+ Plays well.+ Has all the tools NEW PLAYERS need to learn how to play (tutorial videos, practice modes, easy classes).+ The user interface is pretty well done and feels very complete.- The connection quality can sometimes be inconsistent; host player can drop and momentarily freeze the game.- The game is primarily multiplayer competitive.  You WILL get bodied and discouraged.  It takes the right mindset so some players who don't like losing will be turned off by this game.As far as what controller to use (pad vs mouse & keyboard):  USE WHAT YOU'RE COMFORTABLE WITH.  People play fighting games with pads, sticks, hitboxes, keyboards, half-pad-half-stick monstrosities, DDR pads, the input device of your choice makes zero difference to your effectiveness as a player.Personal verdict:  Highly recommended to those who like competitive multiplayer games."
76561198015527201,Not Recommended,304390,30758366,Posted: 26 March,all,Kolci,After a month of play i am completely sick of this game.I am tired of all revenge/unblockable spam/XP grinding ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Uninstalled for good.
76561198027816268,Not Recommended,304390,34158112,Posted: 10 August,all,Battle_Pope_II,"I wanted to love this game, I truly did.  The inability to play some classes due to lack of combinations and predictability (looking at you law bringer) is just sad, and ultimately makes the game feel stale.  The player base has been dead for so long and jumping in now will match you with only the die hard fans that elected to put up with this turd of a game for the last few months, have fun getting called a peasant by a level 700 who expects you to be able to 1v4 the enemy team, and will have sex with your mother if you dont.  Most matches consist of running around endlessly trying to kill someone as they get away with a fraction of their health bar, hope you didnt skip leg day, youre gonna get a lot of running in.  If youre not running around chasing the enemy youll find everyone turtling 2 points and playing passive as hell, thanks meta game.  Overall a disappointment, waiting for ubisoft to actually execute on one of their titles just one time."
76561198155095037,Not Recommended,304390,29936177,Posted: 14 February,all,LordDeath347,"Game in unbalanced and half the characters have insane damaging unblockable moves while the other half just sit and take 2 hits and die, dont waste your time with another trash ubisoft gameUPDATED REVIEWPeacekeeper can kill anybody no matter what, ubisoft is too stupid to fix thisCurrent update made lawbringer the most OP character in the game so farConq just shield bash spams (havent seen a conq player NOT do this)Wardens second most op character in game, also players just spam warden dashValk players simply spam leg sweep and shield bashShugoki players either spam the back breaker charge or wait for shugokis passive armor to regenWarlord has so much health it takes a lifetime to kill himZerker with his dual axes can just spam light hits and be super OP due to the side switchingAfter almost 100 hours into this game I can STILL tell you its garbage, its far more unbalanced now than it was even in beta, the matchmaking is so messed up, always disconnecting from games, its an awful mess of a game, ubisoft needs to be sued for false advertising.Alright heres an even further updated review:Shinobi is the new peacekeeper, if you really need an explanation of this trash than you need to play this game more.Centurion is the most op character in game now, didnt think anything could beat lawbringer or warlord, his specials are literally nothing, just a single button a player can mash on and hit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ strings of attacks.So, this game being EVEN MORE unbalanced and now basically pay to win, I might just uninstall becasue I cannot take this garbage anymore.Also apparently everyone has no game sound and the game keeps running after you close it after this update that ruined the game even further."
76561198016461619,Not Recommended,304390,34678615,Posted: 2 September,all,Слезы Стифлера,"Pls dont be stupid - DO NOT BUT THIS GARBAGE!!!The game is unfinished, they try to maintain interest by releasing new characters every few months. I honestly tried to play and have fun, but- the creators are very greedy and stupid, instead of buying and maintaining the servers on which you can play the players' computers are used as servers due to this 6 out of 10 games crashes, brakes, crashes- to play on the network you need a dedicated line called the NAT connection (for this call your provider, pay extra for this service)- Imbalance and FULL lack of equal distribution of teams, I'm tired of waiting for 5 to 10 minutes to start one game and get into the team with 2 bots against 4 players with a reputation of 25+- Constant bugs, connection problems, etc. things kill all the desire and fun of the gameUbisoft cheated us with you friends, when they released The Division, they cheated and will now release this piece of garbage- if you do not believe me or think that I'm a bore, then look this guy and other reviewers and players who have 400+ hours playinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cP9GhVuo1s&t=220sPls не будет глупым - НЕ НО, НО ЭТО ГАРБАЖ !!!Игра не закончена, они стараются поддерживать интерес, выпуская новых персонажей каждые несколько месяцев. Я честно пытался играть и веселиться, но- создатели очень жадные и глупые, вместо того, чтобы покупать и поддерживать серверы, на которых вы можете играть, компьютеры игроков используются в качестве серверов из-за этого 6 из 10 игр, сбоев, сбоев, сбоев- для воспроизведения в сети вам нужна выделенная линия, называемая NAT-соединением (для этого звоните своему провайдеру, платите за эту услугу)- Несбалансированность и ПОЛНОЕ отсутствие равного распределения команд, я устал ждать от 5 до 10 минут, чтобы начать одну игру и попасть в команду с двумя ботами против 4 игроков с репутацией 25+- Постоянные ошибки, проблемы с подключением и т. Д. Вещи убивают все желание и удовольствие от игрыUbisoft обманул нас с вами друзьями, когда они выпустили The Division, они обманули и теперь выпустят этот кусок мусора- если вы мне не верите или не считаете, что я скучаю, тогда посмотрите на этого парня и других рецензентов и игроков, у которых есть более 400 часов игрыhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cP9GhVuo1s&t=220s"
76561198011017893,Not Recommended,304390,29966540,Posted: 16 February,all,Clipse,"Graphics are nice, awesome environments and that's about it.Connection issues, fighting mechanics not working properly (might be lagg but still), repetitive gameplay, laggs on the worst moments imageable, lots and lots of microtransactions and that for a game which costs €60 => pathetic... Really Ubisoft?!It's just plain bad.Don't buy it, it's not worth €59,99."
,Recommended,304390,29915824,Posted: 13 February,all,Jeb Bush,"You fight Weebs, tin cans, and furry baby men.Update : Ubisoft.... 6/10"
76561198088339441,Not Recommended,304390,29934545,Posted: 14 February,all,EYES,"Wait . . . can't join friends, servers freeze, friends are ""ubisoft friends"" doesnt share with steam friends. Games awesome when you can play it. BUGS BUGS BUGS. and people are toxic af. I feel I can't play certain heroes cus they have high rep and you just get flamed. I have chat and quick chat disabled but they just randomly work during matches . . . done with knowing I'm playin real people, I'd like the settings to work"
76561198344040674,Not Recommended,304390,30438630,Posted: 10 March,all,GamerBoy_17,"Roses are red, Violets are blueAn error has occured, Returning to main menuFor me that is For Honor in a nutshell. The game has so much potential. But I feel like peer to peer connection has completely destroyed the game. This was my first game on Steam. I even pre ordered it. But I feel like Ubi has cheated us again. The betas were even more stable than the full game (I played both of the betas). Micro transactions are kind of like the final killing blow. Not only that but also you have to buy steel packs to activate your season pass (My friend used it. His season pass was activated just after buying a steel pack). This goes the basic faults of the gameSingle player: Though the single player is more of a complimentary to the multiplayer, I feel like they could've done something more with this. Single player was really boring. There was not any plot twist in there. There was almost nothing in the single player. ""Just go and kill some dude""-this kind of stuff. They did not even bother to give the playable characters their own name let alone give their own unique faces (The Raider's face was a bit showed but that did not satisfy me). There was not any backstory of Apollyon. We don't know why she started this war and why she craves it so much. There was not any defining or unique moments in the game. Even the speaking of the characters seemed funny. For example when the raider confronts the female Berserker, it seemed like she was talking in slow motion. Another example is the fight between the Raider and General Tong or something (I don't really remember his name. He is the Orochi with the golden outfit). He kept saying continuously ""You are a raider. Legendary!"" This was really irritating. I loved the horse race and the elephant mission in the game. But that's just it. More irritating is that they restricted the game size to 31 GB on release. They really should've added more content in the single player. There wasn't even any background music. Just a cold dead game.Multiplayer: This game is more of a muliplayer based game. So the multiplayer experience of this game is more refined and enjoyable than the single player. The duels and fights are so much tense! I mean... MAN! I love this game's multiplayer! Timing is so crucial! It really gets your heart pumping. Buuuut.... ""Advanced"" peer to peer has left this game completely broken. There are almost constant network errors. They kick you out of multiplayer sessions if your internet can't cope up with other people's internet. And the most annoying problem is that players just kind of teleports behind you all on a sudden. Because of peer to peer connection. If your internet's connection is poor, you have 0% chance of surviving the multiplayer. No dedicated servers. Greedy Ubi just keeps cheating us again and again.For me, this game is 6\10. I completely hate this game after spending almost 68 hours on this game"
,Not Recommended,304390,30271415,Posted: 1 March,all,Cool amd Good,"Initial Thoughts: A 3rd person fighting game which sees Samurais, Knights, and Vikings face off against each other in various situations.The game would be amazing if P2P wasn't awful and you did not need to be always online to play it.No real story besides just an invasion, kill a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of meh enemies, and then face a boss. Tutorials constantly plague the story making it un-enjoyable to play.Multiplayer is broken to all hell for PC so unless you want to take an hour port forwarding to just play a match, don't bother.Pros:+Lovely graphics and sound, makes you fully immerse into the game+An OK combat system (needs some work in my honest opinion)+Character customization+Plenty of heroesCons:- The P2P system does not work, for someone who has no trouble connecting to any other games servers i should not have to wait an hour to get connected to a game.-Port forwarding your router just to play a game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but Ubisoft decided that P2P was so great.-Takes forever to join a game, and sometimes people just disconnect or lag switch so they don't lose making the match a waste of time-Lack of a real story, just a tutorial for the multiplayer.-Realism is not even hard, even for a new player it is easy to get used too-Lack of game modes and easily gets repetitive-RED ♥♥♥♥ING NAT-Quick-match does not even pair you up fast like it should, just defaults you to dominion-Did not learn from mistakes (Rainbow six siege launch)-Always having to be online is a huge issue-If you die in the story, you have to redo everything from square one, which is annoying if you die right at the end.Final Thoughts: I would never recommend this game to a friend or to randoms, Ubisoft really ♥♥♥♥ed up this time, they need to create dedicated servers for people so playing is not such a headache. I would only recommend getting the game if it goes on sale and they switch to dedicated servers. For the love of Christ do not waste your money now or get the season pass until everything is sorted out. I truly regret my purchase.Here is to hoping Wildlands is good and not a heaping pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥like this game."
76561198024234442,Not Recommended,304390,30235231,Posted: 27 February,all,Wombat,UBISOFTPlease create dedicated servers.I would reccomend this game as soon as they have stable multiplayer.Pros++ Fun Fresh Combat Sytem+Good Character Customization and LevelingCons--Pay To Win (Buying In Game Currency With Real World Money)--- P2P Multiplayer Makes Game Unplayable At Times--- UBISOFT not being loyal to Customers with said connection Issues(Basically being Stingy which smells of corporate greed to save money)
,Not Recommended,304390,30758909,Posted: 26 March,all,Krautzy,"Host of connectivity issues aside, the game is generally alright and well polished. Online multiplayer requires you seriously try your hardest to squeeze any ounce of fun from it, however, and the progression is intentionally designed so that you cannot 100% all characters in any time shorter than a few years.Unless you're a competitive player who enjoys having to play through a meta and abusing poorly balanced characters/combos, I'd heavily recommend you do not purchase this game. The matchmaking is plain awful and you will often find yourself pitted against players several leagues ahead of you in terms of skill."
,Not Recommended,304390,30268917,Posted: 1 March,all,Forks,"[EDIT]{With the addition of 2 new characters and numerous patches I would like to add that if anything, For Honor has gotten much much worse than it previously was. The 2 new charcters give a breath of fresh air by countering the former {defense meta}, but at the same time add in new combos that become completely broken when more than 1 of the new characters is on a single team.Overall, game has deteriorated to a level previously unknown. A sad fate for such a beautiful concept, but a reminder of how♥♥♥♥♥♥a company Ubisoft is!}As much as I want to enjoy this game it becomes too obvious too early on that its development was rushed and that the final product has very little polish.Many characters are riddled with bugs or are simply far more powerful than the others and when combined with the poorly desgined gear system make several characters almost entirely obsolete. Game balance is practically nonexistant and in higher level play people will just stand still and wait for you to attack so they can counter.The progression system is terribly grindy and is reminiscent of what you might find in a free to play game.As you've probably already heard the servers, or lack thereof, are a complete joke with constant disconnections and stutters.Overall this game has incredible core mechanics, but was executed in such a horrible way that only Ubisoft could manage. Don't waste the $60, you'll regret it if you do."
76561198017138202,Not Recommended,304390,29967097,Posted: 16 February,all,ErlKing,"Bad matchmaking, region lock and overall bugs and glitches.I do not recommend to buy. Would have refunded if could."
76561198026840255,Not Recommended,304390,30730210,Posted: 25 March,all,eviljoe,"I have over 150 games in my Steam library, and this is the first review I've ever written, and I do so because of how utterly disappointing this game is.It's a damn shame to see such a promising concept ruined by an atrocious developer. The gameplay is good, the idea is interesting, and it even has a half-decent single payer campaign.But the level of nonsense they throw your way is just beyond belief. Horrid servers and awful micro-transactions have ruined what would have been an amazing game. I've completely abandoned it, and I doubt I'm the only one.As much as it pains me to say this, do NOT spend your money on this one. You will be let down, as I was."
,Not Recommended,304390,30909947,Posted: 2 April,all,Awesome Possum,"-Sh*tty connection. DCs left and right-Basically p2w gear at the moment-~$700 worth of cosmetics and f2p ""money"" in a full priced game???-2-3 classes that just make the rest not even worth looking at-Almost 2 months since release, ONE patch pushed out that fixed basically nothing and just made another class OPIt's like this gourmet buffet is placed in front of you but in order to get to anything good you first have to eat 20 pounds of sh*t. I'd probably not refund this game in the hopes of it getting fixed to a playable state but with the high chance of that never happening you're better off to just wait. You really, really aren't missing out on anything in doing so."
76561198039700941,Not Recommended,304390,30272975,Posted: 1 March,all,Sire of Salt,"I want to love this game so badly. I really, REALLY, want to love this game so badly. The combat is fun an interesting and the experience is one of the best I've had in a while. Launching a new game as a new class was fun and the diversity of the characters was really something that has kept me coming back.The opening day was great, everybody was digging in their heels, and starting to really try out the full breadth of what the game has to offer. I had some of the greatest matches the first week of release, the stretching of legs and the testing of mettle.The campaign is solid. It isn't revolutionary, and everything happens just a bit too conveniently for the villian to not be seen as a tad contrived. The Warden and Knight cast are ok, nothing special, but no one really awful, either. The Viking Cast is forgetable, save the warlord who was very well-developed. The Japanese seemed to be the best cast of the campaigns, as each character seems to recieve more development than the other factions. The campaign and tutorials give you benefits, too. It's great, and by the time all is said and done, you start with a cool 7000 steel. The villian is kinda lacking, honestly, and ends up being the sword equivalent of a bullet sponge,The multiplayer is wonderful. The classes feel like a geniune puzzle, and your dedication to learning each one will be rewarding. Your first character will be new, fresh and exciting, and you may even forgive the connectivity mishaps that plague the game. You'll have a blast earning new items, gear, customization, etc...Until you hit Reputation 3; Level 63, for those who would like to know. Sadly, this is where you can encounter end-game content. For perspective, there are at least 30 reputation ranks in this game. 600 levels! So, what's after end-game rep 3? Nothing. 108 gear rank is the absolute maximum. So, you max out your character and can slay God, what now?Start a new character, right? Wrong, my good sir/madam, because after you cross the magical Reputation 1, you will find that the matchmaking doesn't care about who you're matched with. Trying to start a new character will see you put against max-rank enemy players, often with players of your skill/Gear rank on your team. It is actually impossible to 4v4 with a new character, game being as it is now.But all of this is in spite of the horrid connection, and the overall imbalance which persists throughout the matchmaking. But that's not all, folks. In addition to all of this, Ubisoft (in their infinite wisdom), just hand your open IP to anyone you're connected to. In this P2P only game. So, that means that you are quite like to encounter a gru, meaning someone who is probably going to DOS you while fighting.But there's still more! Better hope that the game agrees with you, because otherwise you may find yourself banned, even if you have never played the game. Wonderful!Now on to steel. Honestly? It's fine unless you want cosmetics, that's all I've got to say. Cosmetics are stupid expensive.So, while I detest numerical ratings, what would I give this game? Probably 5/10. If Ubisoft fixes this game, it will probably be an 8 or 9, and I will update this review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,304390,29957751,Posted: 16 February,all,nevoMM!?##,"This was awesome in beta, almost a perfect balance and a really enjoyable gamethe campaign is awesome too im not completely bagging on for honor heresince launch ive lost a lot of interest with the new characters that were tested in alphaive put a lot of hours into learning this game and i feel now that the balance is way off from where it waspvp is basically a gangbang of counters and 2v1's only depending where you are and how many people you happen to be versing1v1's are kinda cool until you realise you're playing rock paper scissors, some classes counter one another so you either clearly lose or clearly win2v2's are good looking over the fact that it's basically a 1v1 race to kill the other person and see who can run over and kill the 2nd 1v1 happening and again with the rock paper scissors4v4's are okay if it's elimination because then it's udnerstood by all players in the round that it's a race to kill the opponent then hunt down the other members of the team4v4 domination is 2v1's and again you either clearly win or clearly loseguard break sucks, even worse is the guard break counter and past that is what has happened to the peacemaker sicne beta it was dope leave it alone you're doing a warcraftnot gonna reccomend this game until a lot of work is done on it, i regret pre-ordering at this stage."
76561198020579903,Not Recommended,304390,29972970,Posted: 16 February,all,Bubberducky,Overmonetization and server latency issues. Not to mention you can essentially buy gear to increase stats... P2W and P2P. Need I say more?
,Not Recommended,304390,30688165,Posted: 23 March,all,Crashty,"Great game, huge potential, ruined by peer to peer caused connection errors and greedy f2p model that shouldnt be on any AAA game."
76561198168863126,Not Recommended,304390,30638890,Posted: 20 March,all,GOD'S MISTAKE,"Developers are taking their sweet time to patch this game's numerous issues, so the game continues to decline. It's a shame, because the core mechanics and gameplay are solid. Sadly, I cannot reccommend this game in its current state."
76561198056910177,Not Recommended,304390,30079664,Posted: 21 February,all,(B-C) Xoda1609,"WOW!What has happend to the gaming industry?? Every title seems to be either a buggy mess and broken at launch or stuck in early access for ever!Ubisoft once again delivers a pile of hot steamy dog♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is a buggy, unbalanced mess. The dreadfully implimented server system results in every game being plagued with server connection issues and HUGE lag/pauses when a player leaves or alt tabs... which can ruin a fight.The faction war is a joke... why have it when there is no significance?...There should have been a game mode for the specific factions i.e only knights fighting vikings for example.  By all means have a ""normal"" or""Arcade"" mode where all factions intermingle... But why have 3 distinct cultures but then not use it at all... Have like a season system where winning games for your faction adds points to a total and after the season is over the faction with the most points wins... None of this BS depolying assets... WHICH DOESNT WORK!!!! It welcomed me back and said i hadn't been on for 10 days... THE GAMES ONLY BEEN OUT FOR 7... ?!!?!AVOID THE STORY... The story is crap... Lets be honest here, my dog could have written a better script... It is the cheesyest/cornyest pile of generic BS i've ever seen!! And this is coming from a company that can produce great games like AC2 ... I only completed it to get the headsets and the engravings and even then i could speed run it with a friend and miss out 60% of the poorly designed level. There was such potential here that was missed. The idea behind this game is unique and creative... but the story was a real letdown.There should be an overall level (outside of the class system) to illustrate a players ""base"" skill within the game (if this is there then it needs to be made clear!) this would help with the matchmaking and stop teams of noobs going against T3-7 peacemakers who inevitable crush them...Customisation is fun, i'll give you that and graphically it is lovely... Just very shallow in terms of game play... :/Its only been out a week and i'm already bored of the maps.I recomend waitng for a humble bundle sale, checking♥♥♥♥♥or a steam sale before buying this game.Or wait for 6 months by which time the bugs and most of the issues will have been fixed but the game will only have a player base of 5 Max rep peacemakers and wont be worth buying anyway."
,Not Recommended,304390,30079821,Posted: 21 February,all,SozSurt,"Game is great but I can't recommend it when 75% of online matches end up with someone disconnecting, me disconnecting, everyone disconnecting, lag, teleporting, freezing, etc...The story is fun, the multiplayer is fun when it works, but until Ubisoft gets their head out of their asses and starts having dedicated servers for the game, I can't recommend it to someone who plans to spend hundreds of hours playing multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,304390,30812257,Posted: 29 March,all,ᴅᴀᴅᴅʏᴍᴇᴍᴇ,"So much potential, yet the devs completely let it go to waste.I won't be talking about connectivity, but I will say that it is not nearly as bad as some people have you believe.The real problem is matchmaking. I am level 8 and I get matched against a team of full level 100. In what world is that balanced matchmaking? It's like they didn't even bother! It's ridiculous and ruins the entire game for me. I get stunlocked and killed in 3 seconds every time I fight against a level 60 or higher. Why don't I get matched against players my level? It's not that hard, Ubisoft!The community is the most toxic community I've ever seen. No joke. In 4v4 you get ganged on by 3 players at once and there is nothing you can do about it. When you're having a fair and very close fight with someone, there will always be someone to interrupt that. I'm not going to cry about ""muh honor"" as many others do when they get thrown off cliffs (which is part of the game and I'm completely fine with that), but this ruins the only bit of fun you can have in 4v4.1v1 is a mess as well because of the matchmaking. I don't play 1v1s anymore because I always get matched against a player with a level way above mine.I don't even play Dominion because I always get disconnected and I find the gamemode itself not that much fun.All in all, don't waste your money on this. It's not worth it. Maybe when it goes for about $20 should you look into buying it, but not for a penny more."
,Not Recommended,304390,30097185,Posted: 22 February,all,No.123450n,"It's a pretty game with fast-paced reactive combat as it's core, and plenty of severe connectivity, security and balance issues to undo any potential it has.  You'll seldom find a game without having to go through error after error.  The precedence of every single attack, dodge, block, parry, guardbreak, and counter is an inconsistent tossup based on the connection.  Exploiters are already using the P2P system to lagswitch, which allows them to teleport or incite a brief roll-back whenever they are killed.  More and more exploits in the controls are emerging as well.The game has glaring flaws in it's content, too.  With just a campaign, a few pvp modes with a few maps, there's barely enough content to justify a $35 price tag.  Equippable gear removes any semblence of skill or improvement when it punishes or rewards players based on their gearscore rather than skill.  High-geared players lose their sense of accomplishment, and low-geared players are burdened with frustration.For Honor, in its current state, has no merit as a hardcore game.  It's disguised as a game about skill, when It's actually luck, cheating, and grinding that decides victories."
76561198069284086,Not Recommended,304390,30127545,Posted: 23 February,all,ORNHOLIO,The gameplay is fun. The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30227458,Posted: 27 February,all,Sabre,"So, For Honor. Man, I honestly didn't think I'd be writing a negative review on a game that i was so excited for. I guess that's what happens when I get hyped for a Ubisoft game. Anyway, personal hatred towards Ubi aside, let's get down to the nitty gritty of the subject of why I don't reccommend buying the game at this time.Point #1: Peer to Peer connection.Now there are a very large amount of reviews out there for this game that absolutely shred it for its peer to peer connections. It was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do in a fast paced fighting game where every frame counts, and the excuse that Ubi saved money is bloody terrible. Every second counts in this game, and the fact that there can be even half a second of delay can mean life or death in a duel, dominion match, or a brawl.If for instance, the host's internet descides to start tanking (like mine, damn it Century Link), and you're in the middle of a duel. The host will be perfectly fine, and not notice anything, but the person connecting to said host will watch in horror as the host is swinging and doing a combo one second, then guardbreaking and starting the combo over again. This is the kind of garbage Ubisoft shafted its For Honor player base with.Point #2: Campaign ModeNow, the campaign for the game was pretty interesting to say the least, except it was far to short. 60 dollars for a teeny bit of campaign and mainly multiplayer. 60 dollars wasted. If this game offered the story campaign as a 20 dollar expansion, and the vanilla game as a 40 dollar on release, it would have been a little more reasonable. Here's why:2.1: The campaign on any difficulty is to easy. And realistic just turns on the duel AI to level 3 and turns off your hud. And lemme tell ya, level 3 duel AI, is better than any of the ""top tier"" players in this game. Reguardless of what i just said, i was highly disappointed in the final boss, it was a cake walk.2.2: It's....short. Like, I beat the campaign in about 5 hours. The only boss i had trouble with was the orochi boss you fight as a raider. I died maybe 7 times and added 45 more minutes to my actual single player experiance?Point #3: Multiplayer mechanics.This game in its entierity feels like a clunky version of Dark Souls. Especially with Guard Breaks, Parrying, Riposting, and the dodge I-frame mechanic. Comparing the amazing Dark Souls series, to For Honor, makes For Honor look like someone wanted to make their own Dark Souls game with their own story and a few different things. Hell, even the ladder combat is similar to Dark Souls, especially with the fact it can be used to troll people.Recently, however, from one of the patches (and what i understand), the guardbreak denial mechanic has been messed up. The timing on it has been changed and totally...well...ruined? I mean, If you're a fairly ""top"" player, then it's just a reflex, but for someone who is an honest Filthy Casual like me, it works about 1/50 times at best, on a good day. Basically it made being guard broken a death sentence if you're used to how the game used to work.Another mechanic that's been fairly buggered since release is the stamina. I mean, if you're playing as a warden, then only mechanic you need to know is left click twice and middle click, and it's essentially stun locking someone for days (unless latency is on your side....see above).My final gripe point against this game, which is a mechanic, is the environment. This ties in with the guardbreak section i wrote about above. The fact that skill, can be almost completely countered, by a guard break. If your enemy is a shugoki, a raider, or any far throwing class, you're essentially boned if they can either stun you, guard break you, or get the drop on you because of the Peer to Peer connection. You see it in videos all the times that ""Oh it's part of the game, you can get over it."" Yes, it's indeed part of the game, but just like things in other games, it's an abused mechanic. It's a problem that needs to be addressed and delt with properly. I just get tired of managing to almost beat someone in a close duel, just for them to cheese me and throw me off of a cliff. Hell, even the AI does it.You can read that paragraph above and write it off as salt if you'd like, that bit was my personal opinion. This game wasn't well thought out for Multiplayer, and should have adopted a Skyrim-esque style and gone open world RPG early on in development."
76561198062690856,Not Recommended,304390,30087996,Posted: 21 February,all,delpnaz(O_o)™,"I initially gave a good rating to this game, Hoping that Ubisoft will resolve the issues soon.But i was ♥♥♥♥ING WRONG! This game is ♥♥♥♥ed up in so many different ways, And Ubisoft is behaving worse than a C-Grade indie company to resolve the issues at hand."
,Not Recommended,304390,29932717,Posted: 14 February,all,Fry Boy Is My Boy,"When i first saw the trailer for this game, i almost♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. I had never seen a game more perfect, vikings, knights, and samurai in a three way war? Sign me up. Then, i finally got my hands on the game, and i was so unbelievably underwhelmed. The first big selling point was how different each of the three factions were, but when i got into the game, i realised just how similar the groups really were, almost to the point of being just reskins. The second point was the strategy based combat, and how much youd have to think during intense fights, but thats completely false, as all you have to do to win is throw someone off an edge, or spam light attacks on one side before they have a chance to realise whats happening. The last thing i thought could save this game was the customization system, but of course, Ubisoft screwed it up just for the sake of cash, so its basically whoever could steal more money from their moms purse has better equipment. The customization is botched, the combat is boring and repetetive, and the clans are uninteresting. I was super excited for this game, but now i wouldent recommend it to anyone, ESPECIALLY not for a damn 60 dollars."
76561197998395728,Not Recommended,304390,29934742,Posted: 14 February,all,pirateluke7,"I read little reveiws on this game before I bought it, I figured that because it was a Ubisoft game I would like it. As I do with most of there games. I bought it 2 hours before it cam out, naturally I was exited when it was realesed and I was started it up immediately. After starting it I played the tutorial and the fighting and game mechanics seem reasonable. When starting my first mutiplayer I was suprised to the fact that you could play as vikings and knights even if you pick samurai. Now it does add more variety to the characters but it takes away from picking a faction meaning it is merely just a way to know that you picked a faction with a lot of people in it. Then came the controlls which in concept are good but playing in multiplayer no one is taking time to switch gaurd modes and fight slowly, thus making it so that the only way to kill someone is to repeatedly press left and right mouse buttonwhile sometimes pressing middle click. Another thing that makes it bad is how you have to pay to get good things such as weapons for your character, I want to just play the game not worry about getting items. In the end I was unhappy with my purchase, as it is a overpriced game that is not worth $60 (as I have seen better for less) , and I amm thankfull for being able to refund my purchase as steam has great customer support."
,Not Recommended,304390,29929228,Posted: 14 February,all,ChaosLlama,"I'll probably change this review if Ubisoft fixes this game in the future but as of right now there are lots of issues. First of all, I don't know if it's just my experience but fighting, although it's really fun when it's done perfectly, there are lots of issues. Mouse movement for blocking can be buggy at times, I remember distinctly guarding in certain directions before it moves to another position and I get hit. It should have a locking mechanic like it does on consoles. I tried to see what hooking up a controller would feel like and if it would help out. I was wrong. First off, most of the buttons do work and are fairly nice, they respond well and feel slick. However, playing with a controller made the game laggy and almost unplayable at times, not to mention my heavy attack (RT) was not responding at all and only giving me this beacon of white light on my opponent. Another thing is they made the controller picture the 360 controller instead of the Xbox one controller, isn't this game for the newest consoles lol? Matchmaking is terrible, several times I was partnered up with someone my level only to face off against opponents who were 5x our own levels. I've also faced off against opponents that say they are AI but they are actually players. Not to mention the Peir to Peir connection bull that Ubisoft is doing here. Plenty of money but can't host their own servers? Microtransactions on a $60 plus a $30 season pass?All in all it's a great game but until these issues like matchmaking and what not are fixed, I'm giving it a not recomended. If you want to still play go ahead but remember there are still some problems with the game. I'm not going to uninstall because I usually have faith in devs to listen to their fanbase to fix issues and improve games (unlike NMS)."
76561198082283274,Not Recommended,304390,29933679,Posted: 14 February,all,Sodey Pop,"This is the most unpolished game ever the amout of bugs ive ran into from playing 1v1s online is crazy teleporting,not registering hits,and the crazy amount of others this game needs to be polished out for another month or so then maybe it can be fair"
,Not Recommended,304390,29970903,Posted: 16 February,all,♠Frozen Ace,"Really fun game, runs very smoothly, fun and unique combat system. Though the servers are very bad. Can't even play at times. Interrutps a game to migrate host, which is infuriating, aswell as random interrups in the game by the server itself. The peer-to-peer system is not really working good here. Aswell as random disconnects can happend. When Ubisoft fixes their♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will recommend it. Until then, no."
,Not Recommended,304390,29970859,Posted: 16 February,all,Sausage,"For Honor is one of the closest games to perfect, but there are a few reasons why it isn't.*Will recomend once the issues are addressed*Pros:- Team Based multiplayer game modes- Multiplayer Teams that fight to control areas on the map(Vikings,Samurais, and Knights)- hero customization and loot that actually improves stats(only in Dominion and Deathmatch so far)- executions that are satifying to use- Amazing combat system that needs practice to masterCons:- Voice acting in campaign is horrible- repetitive at times- microtransactions- connection issues(In the nine hours of playing I've only encountered 4 issues with P2P)- No dedicated server, P2P servers insteadThis game has a lot of potential and I don't want them to run this game to the ground. I think the most important thing they need to do is get Dedicated Servers."
76561198071341879,Not Recommended,304390,29972333,Posted: 16 February,all,ML7 LegendPlayz,worst servers in the ♥♥♥♥ing world. destroying the enemy team get ♥♥♥♥ing kicked with 00000047 go ♥♥♥♥ urself
,Not Recommended,304390,29972428,Posted: 16 February,all,Draz,"Owned it, played it closed and open beta but had to refund. Will modify this and probably buy the game once they fix the server issue where absolutely no games are found"
,Not Recommended,304390,29933306,Posted: 14 February,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Skeetz,nice servers... oh wait... what servers....unfair game mechanics allowing people who are about to die to gain half their health back and increase their deffence to ridiculouse levels... nice balance you terrible company.
76561198066700643,Not Recommended,304390,34909821,Posted: 12 September,all,Nick,"So ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for new players... Due to the game having a smaller playerbase after only a couple weeks after release, the only players that are on are high level and already way too good... If you are new, its just♥♥♥♥♥♥playing any of the multiplayer modes... not to mention, the team balance and matchmaking skill pairing are nearly non-existant. Low level teams vs. very high level ect ect... unless i am dueling somebody i know, playing Vs A.I, or playing a VERY RARE evenly matched matchmaking game, i usually end up annoyed and angry... Another thing is the intro learning phase does nothing close to prepare you for the♥♥♥♥♥♥that you will recieve on any of your 1st 10,000 multiplayer games. The player base is not helpful at all, and with the knowledge of your inexperience, players will go full retard combo mode and ♥♥♥♥ you up without end... You will just pray in the end that they kill you faster and that the respawn/round takes longer so you end up in actual gameplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a much lower period of time. So in summary, if you are new, prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥ I doubt i will enjoy this game unless i get more skilled but at the rate im going i doubt ill ever make it there. And if you buy this and hate it, dont tell me i didnt tell you so."
,Not Recommended,304390,29934588,Posted: 14 February,all,drukqs,"Like... You literally made the game a thousand times more unstable than it was in beta... What's your problem?On top of what everybody else has said about the game being unstable, unreliable, having frequent disconnects because of Ubisofts' cost-cutting decision to not have their own servers - - -THE AI ♥♥♥♥ING SUUUUUUUUUUCKS!!!!! You know how in some racing games from back in the day, or even today the AI drivers would ""cheat?"" Getting unfair speed boosts, or being immune to the laws of in-game physics? Ubi did the same thing with the AI in this game. If you dodge a shot, Ubisoft will ""teleport"" the AI character to within striking distance. It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen, and it's happened at least half a dozen times in the couple of hours I've played (beta and live.)It's a shame. The game could have been good, but Ubisoft's penny pinching and sloth/laze totally kill it. Hope they get bought out and gutted by EA, they deserve it :("
,Not Recommended,304390,30051819,Posted: 19 February,all,DangerZoneHero,"I am leaving a negative review, not because of the P2P connections, or the price, or really any other thing that has to do with the game itself OR Ubisoft. I am not reccomending the game for 1 reason. The ""Community"".Less than two weeks in and the game is filled with pre-pubescent children who think they are the bomb and can just talk to people how they want.The reporting system is a joke. If anyone is cheating or griefing or anything like that, you have to pause in the middle of getting your♥♥♥♥♥attacked, go through a couple menus, and then find the players name, and then tell why you are reporting, and then guess what? Nothing happens.The fact that the community is this toxic already and there is literally nothing that can be done about it is ridiculous.If you love lowlife children and middle aged men cussing at you and blaming you for losing the battle even though you didn't die once and got a ""Godlike"" killstreak, because they really suck at the game and can't face that fact, and you absolutely LOVE not being able to report them because that system does literally nothing, then buy the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game.Otherwise stay away"
,Not Recommended,304390,29985430,Posted: 17 February,all,Mad Dog,this game is error simulator 2017.
76561198049984450,Not Recommended,304390,30115805,Posted: 23 February,all,watchhgamingg,"Network problem. ReconnectNetwork connection error. Return to the main menu.Network problem. ReconnectNetwork connection error. Return to the main menu.Network problem. ReconnectNetwork connection error. Return to the main menu.Okey, the game is really cool, and there some dayse when u can play it normally without any troubles.But u wanna make quests? Network problem. ReconnectNetwork connection error. Return to the main menu.U lose the game -all normal(okey it's my luck only but it make me rage) U win the game-Network problem. ReconnectNetwork connection error. Return to the main menu.10 Networkproblem of 10"
,Not Recommended,304390,30088413,Posted: 21 February,all,Cuppycake,"I wanted to love this game, I was so absolutely looking forward to it, and I feel terrible because a good friend bought me it and I feel the need I have to pay him back now.Let me start off with what's not bad about For Honor.Pros:-Lots of character selection with decent customization-When the game is actually working, the fights are very intense and keep you on edge-A lot of ""That was epic!"" moments-The community isn't as bad as some other games of the same style-Combat is unlike any game of its kind and feels fresh (when it's working)Now onto, sadly, the bad.Cons:-p2p connections pretty much make most fights in this game a battle between ISP's and a jittering, unstable mess-The matchmaking system claims to try and match you with people your skill but that's a straight up lie and will match you against people 30-40 levels higher than your highest character-The game tries to have a story but it utterly fails-Over a week after launch and it's still plauged with horrible bugs, including being unable to play the game in fullscreen and often crashing if you're using a controller-Loading times for matches can be anywhere from instant to literally 5+ minutes, thanks p2p-Lots of spammable BS moves that if you don't know how to counter exactly will result in you having a horrible time-Uplay-Developers have been horrible in responding to community outrage over the unacceptable level of bugs this game had during launch and it's taken over a week for them to even offer half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attemps at fixing any of these issues.-ubiquality™®™-It's an Ubisoft game that again fails to deliver on literally every promise they madeIn the end, For Honor, as with almost every game Ubisoft has ever made.. completely failed to live up to the standards they claimed it would. It's filled to the brim with unacceptable bugs and Ubisoft doesn't seem at all concerned about fixing them. p2p utterly ruins most matches because unless you and your opponet have great internet it just turns into a spamfest of trying to guess what the guy you're fighting is going to do then getting hit by an attack that doesn't show up on your screen until you've already taken damage. A lot of people claim balance issues, while others think it's balanced. I have no opinion, there's a lot of spam BS that happens online but it *can* be countered, given you don't rage alt-f4 at the guy with 300 ping who does nothing but spam guardbreak to throw you off the bridge/cliff.Overall, this game is not worth $60, spend your money on something else you want. If you absolutely want this game, wait until it's on sale for $30, Ubisoft do not, at all, deserve $60 for this game."
76561198212573133,Not Recommended,304390,32519545,Posted: 17 June,all,DominoTheAngry,"Okay, after more than 400 hours of play, I finally feel worthy to write a review on this little monster.  The games combat system after watching a few trailers and seeing the factions choices (Vikings!) is what drew me in to buy this game, hell I pre-ordered the monster I was so excited.  I also participated in the CLOSED AND OPEN betas and Freakin LOVED it.  So you may wonder, why do you not reccomened it then?  Well, i dont reccomend it due to the skill cap, cheese, and consistent connection errors.  Thats a breif summary, A sentence.  So here we go.Honestly Im on the fence with reccomending the game and lean towards a no.  If you are considering this game get it on sale, but ask yourselves a few things,-Are you competitive?  Not CASUALLY competitive, more towards and beyond TRYHARD, nothing but a WIN competitive.-Are you thin skinned?  The Community is MIXED at best there are people that will help you and team up with you, but be prepared for a metric ton of salt.-Are you willing to put in the time to practice and master the Hero kits and fighting styles?  Trust me you need to put in the time ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE NEW.  Most of the People that are left are VERY EXPERIENCED and will teach you the errors of stepping up to them in combat.  The ones that still play still have hope for the game (I do as well but its starting to wane).-Are you careless with your money?  Theres alot of tempatation to spend real money for in game currency for gear.  DONT DO IT.  EARN IT.  Youll thank me later.-Are you willing to learn from losing to better your in game skill?  You have to be to play this game, theres cheese you need to learn to watch out for and techniques you can grap from your betters.  Thats how the rest of us learned, dont get salty, be observant and ask questions, the most someone can say is ""Eff you, git gud, scrub.""Pros--------------Combat system is amazing.  Fun and rewarding.-The game is challenging.  If you love to be challenged its rewarding to succeed.-Good  graphics, great character animations, neat looking gear.-Ubisoft has updated and tweaked the game, so from launch it is definitley better than it was.  And they seem to be willing to be consistent about it though I doubt for much longer.Cons-------------Sadly i dont have may pros, or cant think of more at the time.-CONNECTION ERRORS!  Consistent connection errors.-Steep skill cap-Defensive meta-Not much of a reward to be agressive.  Half the players will wait to parry and punish you.  I can be when I need be that guy.  Even some of the fastest light attacks are victim to an experienced players parry skills.-Gear ""slope""  In the beginning this was much worse.  Now it seems to be somewhat narrowed.  So its not as bad, but geared player will have a slight advantage over ungeared.-Some characters are super cheesey but, there is always away around it, like i said you got to be willing to learn and adapt.-4v4 modes can be gank driven and dont seperate the Geared from the ungeared, or the partied up teams from pug teams. Again, you can work around that, though at times it can be frustrating.-Oh, Connection errors, AGAIN.  Its really bad.-Story mode is bleh, its okay but not impressive.  Even too easy on Realistic.  But the plot is just.... BLEH.And you are forced to play characters you might not want to play.-Player base on pc is tiny now.Overall i did and still kinda like the game, after all i put more than 400 hours into it.  It can be a good challenge and THRILLING.  Especially if you fight off a 3 or 4v1 gank, or just come thru on a super challenging duel.And i Hope this game pulls thru i keep checking in and get on now and then, but less and less.I dont reccommend this game to casual newbies.  You gotta want this game bad.If you made it here, I hope this helps with your decision.  And thank for the time to go thru my review.Thanks!  VALHALLAH!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30052829,Posted: 20 February,all,Justice Scalia,Extremely fun game to play. Great diversity of classes. Some are a little OP at the moment but with some balancing it would be perfect. Graphics are excellent even on the lowest settings.THAT BEING SAIDThis game is the most infuriating piece of hot garbage on the planet. I'm not even talking about gameplay. I'm talking about the servers. 9/10 games I am booted/kicked/dropped/errored/lagged out of. I lose all progress/experience and potential item drops. There is no point in playing this game right now.GET DEDICATED SERVERS. FIX THESE ISSUES. Otherwise the game is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable.
76561198004005919,Not Recommended,304390,30686383,Posted: 23 March,all,Romantic Mushroom,An error has occurred. Returning to main menu. [0006000018]
76561198282820623,Not Recommended,304390,30272331,Posted: 1 March,all,Val,"Overall a fun game albeit with some balance issues, but the spaghetti servers make it mostly unplayable.1v1 duels are typically fine, but every other game mode crashes CONSTANTLY and kicks you back to the main menu.Latency is also a huge issue, and people frequently disconnect.1 playable multiplayer mode is absolutely not worth the full price, please do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30283702,Posted: 2 March,all,Janus,"WORST online optimisation. Game is fine, but online, the main thing, is so bad."
,Not Recommended,304390,30690447,Posted: 23 March,all,McNASKy,Ubisoft already has my money and all I've got is an imbalanced broken game. This game had so much promise and yet got left in the dirt by a company that cares more for the corporate handy than their customers.
,Not Recommended,304390,30689156,Posted: 23 March,all,Voxity,Ubisoft crashed this plane with no survivors
,Not Recommended,304390,31095448,Posted: 12 April,all,Kohitsuji,"So heres the deal. I have some good time in the game, at least, enough to form an opinion. The game started off incredibly fun, but, well, I wouldn't recommend it. Heres why.1. Servers. I know everyone complains about the servers and playability, but it never has effected me much, only every once and awhile. It's still an issue to look at, something big for some.2. Matchmaking. The matchmaking is actually garbage. If I were matched with someone better than me sometimes, I wouldn't mind, but holy God art thou in heaven? For I am brutalized every game by level 24 renowned while only level 1. Seriously, the game will match you with incredibly skilled players with incredible stats and gear, effectively making the game impossible to win, which goes on to my next point.3. Combat. Okay, the combat is actually fun, but it has MAJOR issues. If you play one on one with a friend or at least with a friend, you might have lots of fun or at least not be actually sick with anger. The combat early on is fun, trying to outdo your opponent with actual strikes and dodges. Later on, however, it becomes who can stun-lock/combo-lock the best. Whoever masters the art of locking your opponent with a string of powerful bumps and smacks, is the victor of basically the world, and gets all the women.4. Playerbase. The playerbase is usually nice and fun, and will joke with you happily, or if you're struggling, will actually try to help you improve, only or at least mostly in duel though. I've made some friends in duel and overall people want to help others improve. (Note, this is my personal experience and doesn't reflect what you might face.)Game looks good, its original, but it's still not on my recommended.TL;DRIs it worth it? If you're playing with friends, probably, but at 60 dollars I wouldn't buy it just for that. Look for something else."
,Recommended,304390,29918259,Posted: 14 February,all,Malignity,"A complex outer layer gives way to what is, essentially, a deep fighting game that can provide moments of terrific tension. Whether it has legs or not will fall to the community to decide."
,Not Recommended,304390,30073704,Posted: 20 February,all,I thirst. -Jesus,Network error simulator. Not worth 60 dollars to stare at error text everytime you try to find a game. It IS great fun but depending on your internet and luck you may struggle to even get into a game. The hard work of the developers was spoiled by cheap choices. Would be 10/10 if the damn matchmaking wasn't utterly useless.TL;DR 60 dollars for a game without dedicated servers is a recommendation I can't make especially when it's a primarily multiplayer title..
76561197986382315,Not Recommended,304390,30242814,Posted: 28 February,all,Eagle (ﾒ`ﾛ´)︻デ═一,"Unbalanced, maches take too long to find, and don`t even get me started on the pushing overpowered factor, spend money on better and more balanced games like Total War Warhammer or The Division"
76561198021567571,Not Recommended,304390,29918411,Posted: 14 February,all,Bazzilisk,"Meh... Gameplay is somewhat nice, it's inovative and good to look at...THATS IT...Servers and connection beeing P2P just ruined the game as a whole and you'll spend more time waiting to get into a game than playing the game itself. I don't recommend it as it is a.t.m. Who knows in a near future.Getting ma refund now !"
,Not Recommended,304390,29935048,Posted: 14 February,all,THRAXX,"I was really sucked in by all the hype, but then couldn't get into the beta follwed by no access to the game on launch night. I come to find out that all the support recommends fix's like only works in your c drive, turn off anti-virus protection or fire walls. I'm sorry when a possible fix is to turn off security in your pc that's a red flag to me, plus P2P This is a very dangerous thing due to the amount of malware or share-spyware that lurks out there I will not take that chance I have a real nice gaming pc and will not lose it to a bad server or anything else. For Honor looks and sounds amazing, but in good conscience can't recommend it as of now maybe months from now when fix's are working and I can play it I will give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,304390,30061127,Posted: 20 February,all,Vash108,"I know a lot of people complain about the P2P but the loading times, wow. I have waited 3+ minutes for a game to load everyone in more than once. Normally it takes about  30 seconds to a minute to load."
,Not Recommended,304390,29934093,Posted: 14 February,all,♥ Annie ♥,"Honestly. Pretty cool game. The menu is a bit odd and having to use uPlay is pretty awful, but I really wanted to like this game. The storry seems interesting and the game modes are fun. Except the most fun one. 2v2. This is by far the most skill based and interesting game mode so far. And yet its the most unbalanced, annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of the entire game. Its insane how the developers would have thought this wouldn't be popular, or at least I believe that's what they thought, because it feels like minimal effort was put into it. The stages are bad, the charaters are suuuper unbalanced, and the stage kills are awful and shouldn't be in the game. Then there is the fact that people can gang up and 2v1 someone which wouldnt be a problem accept multi targeting is awful for the person getting ganged up on. Everyone is super super rude in it as well.TLDR: Don't play 2v2 until it starts getting patched and balanced. 4/10 since best mode is horrible. Really a shame."
,Not Recommended,304390,29971580,Posted: 16 February,all,Peeratat,"Ubisoft game, with ubisoft servers."
,Not Recommended,304390,29971196,Posted: 16 February,all,HighBlue,Its fun to play when ubisoft lets you play. Good grafic and great gameplay but the matching system is a bit off
76561198019764975,Not Recommended,304390,30343297,Posted: 5 March,all,Abbe,P2P Bad
,Not Recommended,304390,29979544,Posted: 17 February,all,DEMON ✘ SHADOW,"DEMON ✘ SHADOW: constant disconnectionsDEMON ✘ SHADOW: from 4v4 gamesDEMON ✘ SHADOW: 1v1 , 2v2 works greatDEMON ✘ SHADOW: 4v4 = fuqedDEMON ✘ SHADOW: Will rebuy once issues fixedDEMON ✘ SHADOW: Game is Fun but Uplay= UDontplay"
,Not Recommended,304390,30758064,Posted: 26 March,all,The_Devil,"Total piece of crap.dead servers.story = joke, nothing just introducing characters.Yes it works perfectly for me with good fps.I pre ordered the gold edition and i every day regret it.Beware beware gamers dont buy this crap.Stay safe from this trap."
76561198232176796,Not Recommended,304390,30837059,Posted: 30 March,all,SpirosKarv,"Campaign is boring, some characters are overpowered, 2v1s are just unfair and there is a lot, A LOT of special move spamming. I enjoyed the bad campaign more than the multiplayer in a multiplayer-oriented game. The only good thing are the graphics that have absolutely no point for me."
,Recommended,304390,30098801,Posted: 22 February,all,Staky [civilgamers.com],"I bought this game for 60 on a whim, and I haven't regretted it for a second.This game is extremely engaging and has a high skill cap.I'd absolutely recommend it, assuming you can look past the *Relatively* rare connection issues."
76561198035173192,Recommended,304390,30810998,Posted: 29 March,all,MorningMoke,"Really good game. Fighting mechanics very unique and fun, worth a try if youre into fighting games"
,Not Recommended,304390,29922997,Posted: 14 February,all,Soviet Sparrow,The game is a lot of fun and the open beta is litterally no different than the full game other than a lack of specfic features....but what ruins it is the matchmaking and the non dedacated servers. Takes forever to find a game and constantly disconnects. Hopefully they can fix this in the future
76561198009387122,Not Recommended,304390,29923099,Posted: 14 February,all,Idyllwild,"To start this off, I enjoy this game. It's fun, different than what we've had in the past in terms of gameplay, and the performance is pretty good as well (GTX 960m, 16gb ram). The story is rather generic though and very cliche in most aspects. If you've played Alien vs Predator back in 2010, the campaign is pretty much like that, three viewpoints, andd each campaign is roughly 2-3 hours long. It's definitely not going to win any rewards and it feels like it was slapped on for kids who don't like multiplayer. Speaking of multiplayer, it's fun when it works. Nothing has changed since the beta from the past weekend in terms of matchmaking so expect to get multiple errors saying that the match you tried joining is full, which is pathetic. Also, and everyone has gone over this, but the lack of dedicated servers in this is a great hinderance to this game. It relies on peer to peer connection so if the host rage quits, you get to wait about five seconds for the game to find a new host. This usually causes the game to revert back about five seconds. Customization is pretty well-flushed out though.In the end, I believe that Ubisoft will patch up most of these errors in matchmaking but when it comes to dedicated servers, I would not hold my breath. I recommend it if you're easily entertained by Historical things like me, but if you want a great multiplayer experience then do not bother until it's fixed. I mean really, Peer to Peer connection and the game goes into an infinite loading lost synchronization loop, what a joke."
76561198049901021,Not Recommended,304390,29921407,Posted: 14 February,all,fradedan,"I love the gameplay of this game it is really really fun, however the network is dogshit. getting kicked out of matches and network problems while looking for matches, so as much as i like the gameplay  it feels like you cant really play the game at all"
76561198078995215,Not Recommended,304390,29969993,Posted: 16 February,all,fuckmented shitjizzle,NAT Is ♥♥♥♥ed Open Beta was fine now it's just unkown fix this you lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198080163895,Recommended,304390,29929671,Posted: 14 February,all,DoomRaptor,"Now lots of you are complaining about the peer to peer connections and network issues in the game that still exist after release but I still would recommend this game....It may take some time to fix these issues soon but there is story to enjoy if multiplayer for your end is broken. So here is a list of pros and cons for purchasing For Honor at 60 bucks. (I do not recommend getting deluxe or gold edition, just the standard game for now)Pros:+ A Co-op story mode. You can play with up to 4 friend/randoms. The story includes a leveling system and hidden collectibles within each level, finding these will earn you steel and other rewards that you can use on the multiplayer side, making you want to play the story. Taking harder difficulties may not be worth it, even though you will earn more rewards and xp. The story takes place on three factions, you start with the knights and theres a few characters you will remember. The beginning of the story is very....med but you will soon understand it later on and you might seem to enjoy it. You will have the opportunity to play each type of class for each faction. However, your own character isn't really significant since you rotate classes but you will learn about the other characters. You will be able to travel to many areas, from snow levels to jungles.+Of course, from the closed and open beta, the multiplayer mode. However, the multiplayer feels more rewarding and Ubisoft managed to add more maps to make it less boring (thank god). You choose a faction to fight for, each has their own unique skill and it is based on playstyle. Selecting a faction won't limit you to choosing other classes from other factions. Ex) you can play as a warden even though your part of a samarai. The game won't punish you for using a different class from a different factions. For combat, one takeaway is the goddamn cliffs/bridge kicking. Getting pushed by an enemy player off a bridge is a insta kill and many people hate that. Even though you can still push people off the ledge, people would tend to avoid any bridges or any passes that anyone can push you off. However, the game also somewhat still struggles on balancing. For a new player who didn't experience how to fight from the closed/open beta, they would get their @55 kicked by experienced players. However, it does take practice to learn how to properly fight. The combat isn't easy. You cannot just spam left click as if it was skyrim. You need to balance defense and offense properly in order to succed. That is why the best option for players who are here for multiplayer should consider story mode first. The AI can be challenging too in both multiplayer and the story mode.+There is plenty of customization in For Honor. You can change gender (don't assume that there are more than 2 genders), coloring, materials, ornaments, or as well as a present outfit for in game currency. However I wish you can change your voice but the only voice changes are only for changing factions. When you complete multiplayer matches, you have a likely chance of getting an item to equip, it can be a new helmet, chestplate, armplates, etc. Thankfully, the items that you get are different looking and sometimes you can get a duplicate of the same item twice. Luckily, you can salvage a duplicated item for steel and you can use the steel to upgrade your current items. Now if you don't want to grind out many matches for a new item, you can use in-game money (NOT REAL MONEY) to get a crate.So before I go over the cons, I would later update on the review if I find any other pros that I should add. So this review is still in development. So here are the consCons:- Matchmaking issues are the most common issues that lots of you are complaining. Now this may not effect everyone but a majority of players are experiencing this when connecting to multiplayer. Dedicated servers dont exist but there is a possibility Ubisoft will add this in the upcomming months. So this game relies on peer-to-peer connection, *cough* COD network *cough*. Connectivity is also another problem. Some reported that players get kicked for being inactive, even though they are in combat and actively in a game. Other issues include where you would disconnect from a game for no reason and there would be AI commonly appearing in games. There are so many issues with the network *cough* u-dont-play *cough* that I can't list them all in the review and playing with friends can be a pain in the ***. So if you are planing to play with friends only, you're probably going to have to wait until ubisoft patches those issues.-Somewhat repetitive. Even though the game can be fun, due to not many modes in the game, the game can become reptitive after long sessions. There should be a workshop where people can create their own maps for others to play on. That could help the game become less repetitive or there needs to be more modes added since there are only 3.So even though I don't have many hours in the game, I am recommending this game, only if you have a decent internet connection as well as if you are here for the story. I am not going to give this a rating yet until the upcomming updates and more hours clocked in. But if you have a good internet speed and love sword dueling, regardless of trolling and unbalacing, this is the game for you........maybe.....for honor?"
,Not Recommended,304390,30066175,Posted: 20 February,all,don.kaban,"Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546... start gameОх4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546Ох4125653463, Ох235236546"
,Not Recommended,304390,29996161,Posted: 17 February,all,Pool,"For Honor.TL;DR: 6/10. Buy it on sale.---The good.---Singleplayer: I was expecting this game to have the same situation Brink had, where it was literally just multiplayer with bots. This game has its own singleplayer, with only two of said maps converted into multiplayer maps. There's horse chases, assorted siege weaponry and a well voiced narrative to go with the ample amount of cutscenes in the campaign. The cutscenes aren't too long, and don't overstay their welcome, yet still explain the story of the game well. The singleplayer got ample amounts of love.Ambience: It's very rare that an art department fails to impress, For Honor's art department was no exception. The ambience is beautiful, even if you run the game at minimum settings like me. There's a lot of fitting decorations for the characters, scenery and environments. The environments even change, depending on what faction is currently winning the faction war in that area. The armor is believable and isn't 'John Smith' levels of generic, with a surprising amount of things you can do with it.Balance: I will have more to say about this when we get to the 'bad', but first, I will say good things about it. There is no 'one class beats all'. While some strengths are best applied to other classes, you are not doomed to lose every time because you're a Conquerer pitted against a Orochi.Gamemodes: The gamemodes are fun. Dominion is the traditional conquest mode, a 4v4 setup where there are points to capture and a constant tug of war between the two armies that must be influenced by the player in order to hold. Brawl is the 4v4 deathmatch mode, where there is no respawning and no armies or objectives to hold. Lastly, there is 2v2 and 1v1 duels, which disable item levels entirely and allow you to fight to the death for the best of 5 rounds. All fun, easy to get into, easy to get out of.Optimization: It runs like a dream. Even on a low-end computer like mine, I get a constant, solid 60 frames. I hope more games in the future take on this sort of technology.Animations: The animations in this game are very well captured. They're all very believable (though those with interests in HEMA might cringe from the hollywood-like actions they take) and flow like water.DLC plans: It actually makes me happy that they're following Rainbow Six Siege's mode of DLC, where all of the in-game content such as maps can be accessed freely, and the characters and items that come from it can be purchased with in-game currency (albeit at an expensive price).---------The bad---Balance, an addendum: There is a lot of frustrating class designs which I truly do not understand why they thought it was a good idea.  Peacekeeper? Nobushi? Why commit to a fight when you can just put a bleed on someone and back off? Orochi? Just guard break and get a free overhead heavy attack, you're so fast at literally every attack you get. Afraid that the fight might not go your way? Oh well! Just sprint away until you can find a ladder to cheese your opponents to their death on, or until help arrives. Shigoki? No point in trying to trip them up. You can't shove them, you can't knock them down with any charging attacks from the Raider, Conquerer, Warlord and other classes. Their heavy attacks also cannot be interrupted by simply attacking them, and they have a back breaker attack, which, if you are just a little less than 40% HP, will just flat out kill you.Mechanics: Item levels (that you can just buy with real money, no need to unlock them fairly, and they're only disabled on duels). I can stop right there. No competitive game should ever give you a way to get a leg up over your opponent. All rewards should be cosmetic, in my opinion. Guard breaks punish you for being good at parrying, and the current meta is to land as many guard breaks as possible to ensure free hits. Ladders can be dwelled on, there is no knocking you off unless you have a ranged ability from the berserker or orochi and if someone climbs up to punch you off, you can just drop yourself on them and send them to their deaths. There are an /abundance/ of environmental kills, from lava, to water, to cliffs, to spikes, to pits. They are /the/ most unsatisfying way to die in this game, and yet the developers think that it's just fun to add instant death holes everywhere in a meta that strongly encourages guard breaks that can be used in shoves. Revenge mode. Put yourself in a bad place where you are about to die? Just get revenge mode, and get un-interruptable attacks and extra health to weather the storm with! And lastly, parrying weakens the attacker, not the defender. It allows you to play patiently, and there is no pressure you can apply to the enemy.Controller superiority: This game was designed for a controller. No PC game should be designed around a controller instead of a keyboard and mouse. Not even Castle Crashers or Dark souls got a pass on this.'Dis'honor: There is no respect in this game. If you wanted good sportsmanship, you will not find it here. It rewards you for being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to strangers.Peer to peer hosting: Ubisoft, you have not done this in any of your other games, why on earth do you think this was a good place to start? With frequent disconnects, failures to join lobbies and poor connections to people from across the sea, peer to peer hosting is perhaps the biggest shot to the foot this game could have suffered.Microtransactions: You can buy your way to glory. Forget earning all of your stuff. Want to be item level 80 before the game reaches its 72 hour mark? Start spending. It has literally allowed people to do 3v1s in deathmatch games.-----For Honor, like most games, has good things about it, yet has squandered so much potential. It could have been so much better. Chivalry, War of the Roses and Mount and Blade Warband did a lot of things that avoided these pitfalls that this game hit along the way, and deep inside I ask myself; why didn't they just look at their competitors and take the best from each game?It is, at its core, an 'okay' game. It just barely passes. But this game will be buried and forgotten by its worthy successors next year."
,Recommended,304390,30042688,Posted: 19 February,all,№rti,"After spending an unhealthy amount of time in this game I think I can give you a good review. It is addictive, frustrating and refreshing all at the same time, but is not without some flaws.The game overallFor Honor is basically a fighting game. Although people are dubbing it a hack and slash, if you are looking for that, look away for this is anything but. There are combos, dodges, throws, blocks and guard breaks to break those blocks. There's stances and various other trickery such as feints to throw your opponent off their rhythm. These are all given their own flavour over 12 classes spread over 3 factions.The game does have a story mode, which can be completed on your lonesome or with a friend, but it's not more than a lenghty tutorial to paint the backdrop as to why everyone is dicing and slicing each other. There are also numerous tutorials to help you get to grips with the combat system as there's quite a steep learning curve.The online portion of the game consists of various modes and is where the meat of the game lives. Duel and brawls are where gear stats are ignored and it's down to your skill in a 1v1 or 2v2. Then there's the modes where gear stats and special abilities can be used. Deathmatches, which see 4 of you fighting to eliminate the other team and prevent revives or to gain points by doing this untill one side reaches 1000, then it's down to whoever wipes the other team first. Then the Dominion mode, which is the same idea but centered around capping points.All of these can be played vs AI cooperativley or vs Players. All of them are stupidly fun.Characters level up individually and there's a wealth of unlockables and loot to change the way your character looks and plays. You can play with a keyboard and mouse just fine but I would recommend a controller due to the fighting style of the game.Matchmaking and OnlineUbisoft has started to address some of the issues with online play but it is what you'd expect from a Ubisoft game. Sometimes there are strange bugs and errors in connecting and as it runs via peer to peer sometimes the connection drops out entirely or has to 'resynch'. Matchmaking is a little slower than I'd like but it's not awful, sometimes its good to step away for a moment. You can get some odd pairings or end up with 3 bots on a team vs a full player team. I am hoping they'll address this, but who knows. I've not had any issues with cheating, that I've noticed, but I am sure it happens.Matches don't drag out forever for the most part and you can leave with no penalty for you will be replaced with a bot. I should mention the AI is good in this game and will use all options available, including responding to and making quick chat or taunts.I don't exactly make it sound like a fun experience but the gameplay itself, in my opinion, makes up for any short comings the online mode has.DLC and Cash ShopAgain, it's ubisoft so there is a cash shop. It is however a better model than you may have seen previously. Most of the items in the cash shop are for convienience because you don't want to wait untill you are level 19 like the rest of us, gosh darnit! or because you want to look cool.Both of these things are a little redundant because everything becomes unlocked with actual gameplay and if you practice or put the time in having things like 'feats' unlocked aren't of huge consequence. All of the cosmetic stuff is buyable with ingame currency and most of your characters look is determined by unlockables and gear rarity anyway.This is where it gets a little worse on the cash shop front. You can buy currency, which I think is perhaps a bit over priced. You can also use this currency to not only buy crates for higher gear but also buy a 'Champion Status' which allows you to level up faster and sometimes get better loot drops at the end of a match. If people in your group/team are also 'Champions' you get an additional XP boost.It is again, more of a convienience thing, the only way this is impactful is you can level characters up faster and have more of an idea of play style. The gear drops aren't really substantial enough to cause an issue as even if you do secure a rare drop as loot, it most likely won't fit your play style and you still have to upgrade it. These stats on the gear are ignored in duels too, but it is worth being aware this cash shop mechanic is in place.One thing also worth noting is that all DLC for this year is free for everyone and will include 6 new characters, with season pass players getting a week headstart. It's certainly better than a flat out pay to win model.UI, Optimisation and GraphicsThe UI is drenched in that ubisoft formula. There is a lot to look at, it's not detrimental to the game play but it is something to be aware of. The art style is obviously following that ubisoft formula but it's not cliche or cheesy (apart from a few emote animations that are meant to be obnoxious, sun beams, cherry blossoms and edgelord darkness anyone?). The graphics themselves are clean, think skyrim with ubisoft and occasional chromatic aberration. But most importantly, it runs smoothly, I've encountered very little stutter at high settings, with a lower end skylake set up, I run at a solid 80 fps.OverallIf you are the sort of person looking to button mash or will get angry at 3v1, rather than learning how to deal with stuff, you might get a bit tired of this game so maybe wait to buy it.However, if you are a fan of fighting style games, enjoy thinking strategically about PvP, like learning movesets and honing your timing, this is a fantastic game. The mix of genres alongside the combat system is unforgiving, refreshing and addictive. If you're bored of FPS or MMO PvP this is a great remedy and I would highly recommend giving it a go."
,Not Recommended,304390,29936164,Posted: 14 February,all,Korbo,"I recommend this game. But I give it a visible thumbs down because Ubisoft is filled with idiots who can make a good game, but add on a lot of stupid microtransations and lack dedicated servers.Pros- Combat is satisfying- Classes are unique- Fun modes- Good voice acting in single player- Good sound overall- EXTREMELY nice animations. This is by far one of the game's strongest aspects.Cons- P2P connection- P2P CONNECTION- GET IT TOGETHER UBISOFT AND ADD SOME FUC[can't say this on steam because we're apprently children] DEDICATED SERVERS- AND YOU JUST TRY TO CASH IN ON MICROTRANSACTIONS DON'T YOU SEE YOU ARE THE CANCER TO THE GAME INDUSTRY?!- Underwhelming single player though as expected of Ubisoft- Not enough modes for multiplayerHonestly if Ubisoft wanted to make everything better they would not try to be cash cows and offer a SP campaign that worked more like baby's first stratagy game where you join in the battles as a hero. Throw in some CO-OP options, a few more modes to multiplayer and you have yourself a hell of a game. Instead they chose a faction war nobody cares about because they just want to play some matches. The groundwork is all there Ubisoft, you just need to stop being stupid. Call upon your old glory days and remember why people used to like you. All that said, I'm enjoying the game and won't stop playing it, but you're just a substitute while I wait for M&B: Bannerlord  and because there is no better alternative in such an untapped market."
,Not Recommended,304390,30644810,Posted: 20 March,all,Spooky Stryder,"This game could be so good but:-Connection sucks.-Some classes are insanely stronger than others.-Matchmaking is horrible.-The steel system is a scam.-The revenge system is flawed and just unfun.And despite all of these things the devs feel that adding weekly ""free"" DLC takes priority over fixing any of these things.I'd say wait till these things are fixed or changed before you buy this game, or wait for a sale."
76561198190864491,Not Recommended,304390,29936081,Posted: 14 February,all,Shimadamada4,It could of been a good game.Pros:-Good combat system-Awesome executions-Cool combosCons:-Horrible matchmaking-Servers crash way too much-unbalenced heroes-Too much freezing-Horrible tutorial-boring singleplayerand I could go on and on. Just another horrible cash grabber by ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,29959566,Posted: 16 February,all,liker,Просто кусок ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а
,Not Recommended,304390,30745556,Posted: 26 March,all,Justin Trudeau Ruined Canada,"One of the worst games to ever for 2017, no dedicated servers is the most pathetic thing i've seen in a game as well as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft software, the dev's should be embarrased for making this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Look at the reviews, one of the worst games on steam by far, will never buy anything from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev again."
,Not Recommended,304390,29979654,Posted: 17 February,all,Heavy Is GPS,I do not recommend people paying full price for a product that is still in a beta state.
76561198071781841,Not Recommended,304390,30061817,Posted: 20 February,all,Miles,"""EasyAntiCheat has detected a Security Failure within your device, please change your settings and try again."""
76561198090744806,Not Recommended,304390,34594911,Posted: 29 August,all,VladamirVonRutintutin,"First thing im gonna say, is dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. its not worth the 60$ just so you can get the game and literally get♥♥♥♥♥♥on. the servers (which arent even servers its peer to peer) are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ you get matched with anyone who doesnt get 60+ MB in internet. its awful, then adding to the fact that the goddamn learning curve is so steep its not worth playing because you get♥♥♥♥♥♥on in every single fight. plus, all the fighters that ubisoft releases are so stupidly broken its ♥♥♥♥ing annoying, and the sad part is they know theyre broken but dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it because its making them money, since no one wants to buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game anyway."
76561198006657175,Not Recommended,304390,29917468,Posted: 14 February,all,Hattergonnahat,The game runs worse then its beta. Most of the time i even fails to join a game and if i mangage to join chances are high i will disconnect during the game. Out of the four dominion games i played i lost connection in two. I also dont like that it has an In game Shop where you can buy gold so you can unlock characters or get chests for gear. One character cost 500 gold and if you don't complete a quest you bearly get any gold. I mean you pay 60€ and only get 3 characters thats bs. Now i know to not buy a game from Ubistoft there Microtransaction get worse with every game soon they will be as bad as EA.
76561198076311287,Not Recommended,304390,29944431,Posted: 15 February,all,Tabor,Maybe when it's 10 dollars
,Not Recommended,304390,30324017,Posted: 4 March,all,master spluncher,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░HEY UBI      ░░░░▄▀░░░▄░░░▄▀▀▄▀▄░░░NICE GAME ░░░█░░░░▐▐░░█░░▐▐░░▐░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░█░░░░░▀░░░▀▄░▀░░▐░░░░░▐░░▐░░░░█░░░░░░░▄░░▐░░░░▐░░░▄▄▐░░▐▄▄░░░▀▄░░░░▄░▀▀░▄░░▄▀░░▐░░▐░░▐░▐░░░░░▀░░░░▀▀▀▀░░▀░░░░▐░░░░░░░▐░
76561198043551596,Not Recommended,304390,29950619,Posted: 15 February,all,currenc,dedicated servers please.
,Not Recommended,304390,30230765,Posted: 27 February,all,ZooM2d,"I really did everything to like this game. Unfortunately after spending 2 hours mostly trying to find a game and getting network errors or random people dropping from the group I gave up. And we are talking about high usage game type... To make things worse every time matchmaking fails, group gets disbanded and you must reinvite everyone.I think if server issues are addressed game has potential. Fighting mechanics were interesting. I can see how dark souls fans would love it. Definitely requires more content.UI was pretty confusing especially for multiplayer.I am glad Steam processed my refund quickly and without issues. It's been a while since I wasted a night trying to find a game. I think last time I had so many network errors was on my old 56k modem in early 90s"
,Not Recommended,304390,30024483,Posted: 18 February,all,Massacre,"This sucker of a game can't be played anymore ♥♥♥♥ this and ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft.Update#3 A week later on 4th Match 2017, even though most of the issues has been fixed,  at a point of time atleast 3 types of game modes would be unavailable/unplayable online. You will reach the matchmaking session but when you're about to start the game, the server shuts down.Update#2 Same day - Ubishit claimed that they fixed the issue, now the game crashes too :3 .Update#1 26th Feb. 2017 - 12th day of release, after all the server related issues we had been facing till now, things got worse and now there is no online session to play on 12hours and we still don't have an update on when it would be fixed. If you cancelled your pre order or pulled yourself off from buying this game, damn you lucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥._______________________________________________________________________________This is the first game I ever bought within a week of release and oh boy much I regret it now.The game itself is great, the game modes, heroes, graphics and gameplay ofcourse, for those who have played Chivalary you will love the gameplay and graphics but would probably miss the kind of servers it hard to offer. I had a little bit expectation from the single player campaign too but it's just an introduction to all the heroes(Which is not that bad either). The problem starts when you go on PVP servers, the disconnection issue is dissapointing and frustrating.For now, I wouldn't recommend buying this game(or any other ubisoft game within a week for that matter) although I do hope that they fix the issues and I might change the review once everything's fixed."
,Not Recommended,304390,30166234,Posted: 25 February,all,S̨tr1̷kker̛,"You cannot join this session because it is full. (0004000009)Disconnected: (0006000018)Disconnected: (0006000037)Disconnected: (0006000038)Don't even get me started with the matchmaking system Rep 10 guys with 108 gear vs level 15 with bearly level 10 gear, oh did I mention revenge gear? oh thats fun being spawn camped by an Orochi that wont attack and blocks everything untill he gets revenge then spamms zone. He wasnt even that good I took him 1v1 and I got him 1-3.Microtransactions in a AAA title ""We never had an intention for you to unlock everything in the game,"" You joking right? $732US - $960.13AUD - Source PC gamerP2P is a fu*king joke that is unreliable and insecure.This game is one of the best games of the year IMO sad to see all this bullsh*t that had to Fu*k it up.Thanks Ubi, you're doing great work."
76561198018606604,Not Recommended,304390,30265728,Posted: 1 March,all,Jabel,"Ubisoft done ****** it up.TL;DR Overwatch syndrome: Excellent game not worth $60.For Honor is addictively fun, competitive, intense skill based combat. The graphics, animations, environments, and pure sense of movement are all up to 2017 standards. What they've created here is amazing.Then the REFUND happens.-Something no one is talking about is that this game could literally be huge. Imagine Domination on a 16v16 map three times the size with more npc lanes, more capture points, more game. Totally possible with proper servers and judging by the game rendered trailers planned for development then cut.-No ranking system. Also was cut.-Disconnects, bugs, etc.. They're everywhere.-No clan/guild/team system. Only the Ubisoft friends list overlay.-Two modes: Duels or 4v4 with three capture points and one npc lane. Matches are quick. Get some exp, some random loot, then back to the match-making screen.-Somehow this all adds up to an outstanding game not worth $60....Totally forgot to mention the pay-to-win microtransactions."
76561198107793727,Not Recommended,304390,30846427,Posted: 30 March,all,Wawakuntsby,If you have 46 chromosomes this game is not for you
76561198075411931,Not Recommended,304390,30115721,Posted: 23 February,all,mö longu kuk,>tests the game while visiting a friend>game is super fun even with the lag>goes home to buy the game>waits 1h for game to download>the game downloads and Im super hyped>I get the splashscreen and after it... nothing>I want to kms>try to fix the game for 2-3h>still... not working>now i regret that i did not listen to the reviewsmoral of the story: listen to the ♥♥♥♥ing reviews
,Not Recommended,304390,30695050,Posted: 23 March,all,manyu,"The base gameplay of the game is great. Haven't played any game with this style of combat before and enjoyed it very much. The gameplay is the main reason I kept coming back to it but the longer I played it the more it started to annoy me. This game has many issues that ruins the experience such as: Ubisoft servers constantly interferring with matches, unbalanced heroes and gear, and it is a triple A (AAA) $60 game that uses microtransactions like a free to play mobile game. Even with all these flaws the game can be fun but Ubisoft has made no effort to drastically improve the serious issues and that is why I would not reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30166678,Posted: 25 February,all,Jynx,"This game is completly ruined by the use of p2p for networking, what on earth were the devs thinking. It may look good on paper for their finances but they have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off alot of people doings so. The networking is horrid as well as the fact that it reveals your ip to everyone that connects with you. Its a good thing that no one knows have to use google and nmap right?Dont buy this untill they fix it please."
,Not Recommended,304390,30124465,Posted: 23 February,all,Donkey Ollie,"Peer to Peer, nuh said."
,Not Recommended,304390,30124644,Posted: 23 February,all,[mangoshi],"I don't recommend it at the moment, anyway.I had a great lot of fun in this game when it worked. But this extreme enjoyment quickly fell into extreme unenjoyment- and by now I'm actually angry I ever bought the game. The connection issues and broken matchmaking system along with some other small flaws here and there make this otherwise brilliant feeling fast paced online fighting game, anything but.For now, hold your horses, and your wallets.Maybe Ubisoft will wake up and smell the excess amount of turds they released, but all we can do is hope."
,Not Recommended,304390,30088680,Posted: 21 February,all,Twitch.tv/PappusGaming,"Overall, if they just fixed the server issue and the drop hack from the easily seen IP, game will be good. Until then I leave this review here."
,Not Recommended,304390,30845280,Posted: 30 March,all,Coelian,CRITIAL ERROR: disconnected from ubisoft servers.
,Not Recommended,304390,30853495,Posted: 31 March,all,techset7set,"I do not enjoy playing this game due to the improper balance, poor matchmaking, and the lack of match stability (due to p2p connections) of the game. I feel as if I have wasted yet another $60 on Poopisoft.I participated in almost every alpha/beta this game had. Everytime it was slightly better. Everytime, I said, ""Man, I can't wait for the final release!"" I had such a massive boner for this game. Then Ubisoft made me soft with the release.It does not have dedicated servers, meaning that there is only peer-to-peer connections for a maximum of 8 players. That is absurd given how far technology has come. The year is 2017, Ubisoft. I can understand doing that for 2 and maybe 4 player matches, but 8? Thats 8 p2p connections that have to be made and maintained over the course of the match.The devs also can't even balance the characters/builds well. You can make a build that literally takes away any skill needed to properly play the game (revenge builds, for example). The devs released an update that buffed an already strong character - Peacekeeper can literally perform a light attack spam that cannot be blocked after the first hit because of recovery timings.In addition, the devs do not make it well known that they actually want to communicate with their community. It took an entire month after the game's release for anyword to be heard from the devs (for comparison ME: Andromeda's devs responded to the community after a week). Poopisoft isn't going to fix this game.Thesubredditrecently threatened a blackout until the devs fixed the game properly (in case you want to join in, don't play starting April 3rd, 2017 until a proper update has been released). In response, the devs released an update - which contained a map and some costumes that can be purchased with steel (in-game currency, which you can buy - even though you paid $60+ for the game). In regards to how farmy this game is, you make a maximum of 50 steel per match - if successfully completed (I think thats the amount in the v1.04 blackout-hotfix). In addition there is one dev who, verbatim, states ""You [the player] are not supposed to unlock everything."" It is outrageous that they would design the game like this, when people are paying $60, $70, or even $100 for the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30047168,Posted: 19 February,all,1stHeretic,"I wanted to like this game, really did.Played it with many different friends but even that is not enough to keep playing it.I own nearly 250 Steam games & have only written 3 negative reveiws (this is my 3rd).game is still peer-to-peer & all of the negative issues associated with it are present in this gameno penalty for those who leave a match; which leads to the next issue (plus many other issues)game will place you in a match that is already in progress & severely losing to fill it upExample:-it could already be Round #2-you replace a BOT-the BOT you replaced is dead-you effectively won't be active until the next Round (Round #3) of a 5 Round match-same thing literally happens in each game modethere is currently no way to separate Skirmish from Eliminationthis is another cause for people massively dropping & you get placed into another game already in progressWorse, the more people that disconnect from a game significantly increases chance of the entire game getting desync error is VERY high; at which point your game is frozengame still has Orders appearing as gibberish so you cannot read the orderyou can load into a match with the match all blurred out; reboot fixes it, but that match is hosedmassive issues with inviting people into your group with everyone having to play musical invites (a 'game' in itself)salty communityconstant crying in-game about ""honor""Example:-two main camps1) those who think that all fights should be 1v12) those who diagree-either case, there is a lot of butthurt going onmost things can be bought with Iron/$$ (unlocking feats, faster XP, additional drops etc...)-to some this is good; others bad (which is why it should be mentioned)although the game is ""faction"" based, you can still play any hero which makes no sense to be Knight faction & play as a Shugoki or Viking faction & play as Conqironically, match making will place you on the exact same team with others from a different faction; No, this is not on accident, but as part of their jacked up MMto anyone who wants Faction warfare to actually mean Faction Warfare this is a massive disappointment because the only thing separating the so-called ""Factions"" is you spend pts on the Faction map for your ""faction"", but other than that...there is no difference because anyone can play any hero & can be put into a team with any other factioncombat is huge disappointmentUnlike Mount & Blade or Chivalry or Darkfall (and many games like those), in For Honor 90% of each Hero's move-sets in For Honor are all specifically linked to being locked-on to a single enemy.Again, it is important to note that unlike many other games in which you have 100% freedom from being ""locked-on"" to an enemy to attack/move, For Honor forces you to be locked on to a single enemy for 90% of your move-setseach Hero does have maybe 1-2 moves that can be done when NOT locked onto a single hero but this is typically mainly a few types of ""Sprint/Attack"" & for the most part all of the remaining 90% + for each hero required you to single target lock on.they have dumb down the ""block"" to be only 3 types (up, left, right); that's itfor most of the Hero classes, you can block constantly & perpetually by simply holding it to block in 1 of those 3 directions; it's that simplethis game is all about performing a series of ""Chained"" pre-determine specific attacks to perform the move-sets....Examples:-L + H (when surrounded to swing in an AoE)-L,H,H (to perform a Light, Heavy, Heavy attack combo) to the person you have locked on-H,L  (to perform a Heavy then Light combo) to the person you have locked on to-Talk about excitingagain, the game is watered down & dumbed down for Block & Attack mechanics...in a game that is 100% about....combat mechanicsawesome graphicsexcellent custimisationoverpriced for what you getthe fact that the base game is $60 (Gold was $100) and they plan on coming out with many more DLC (2 Hero per DLC)...another company who wants to milk its player base"
,Not Recommended,304390,30697060,Posted: 23 March,all,Boy In Grandpa,"Can't recommend it right now.  The gameplay is insanely fun, but it's completely ruined by Ubisoft's myriad issues.  First is the P2P/networking system, which is best described as hot garbage.  You will constantly be disconnected, kicked from lobbies, resync in the middle of fights, and just have random errors that boot you from a game.  There is little rhyme or reason to it, but it happens enough to be annoying.Second are class balance issues that are being addressed incredibly slowly.  There are a few clear cases of heroes that are much stronger in the meta and in high level play than anything else, and thus far no real changes have been made.  The one class that most complain about being too powerful was recently buffed, because - as I understand it - they are so far behind in their metrics they were still basing that patch on data from the beta.Third, the gearing system is silly in a game like this.  You WILL get matched against players with significantly higher gear scores than you in various game modes, and the only way to avoid this is to not play those modes, which sucks.  The gear score makes an enormous difference, as there is currently a stat called ""revenge"" (originally intended to tip the balance in 1vX situations) that people just stack and wind up going into revenge mode constantly and two shotting people.  This is compounded by the fact that matchmaking - at least when you're new - is seemingly random from all I can tell.  I spent much of my lower level time being placed against gear scores in the 80-108 range while I was sitting at 6.  It was frustrating.Speaking of matchmaking, the game has a lot of heroes with steep learning curves, and since it resembles a fighter, these characters take a LOT of practice to master.  What ends up happening here is unfortunate.  If you want to learn a new character and have put a ton of time into one already, you're going to have a very bad time.  Mostly because you will be matched against people who you would have been matched against on your main.  Since you choose your character after matchmaking happens, the game makes no distinction between your skill/play time with a certain hero and your account's overall.  This makes picking up a new hero an exercise in frustration, as you're routinely placed against people who you would have been matched with on your previous main - those who have also put in a ton of time and have the gear to reflect it.Finally, I of course have to mention the fact that Ubi's microtransaction and ""steel"" in game currency is insulting.  You can read about this anywhere.  This is a full priced $60 game that will run you over $700 if you want to unlock all of the content, or months and months of dedicated playing to get enough steel from the slow trickle they so graciously provide in the form of a pittance for finishing a game (assuming you don't get disconnected) and mind numbing daily quests that include playing classes you don't like and modes you don't like, often against AI.  The developers laughed this off and suggested that you're not meant to play more than one or two characters so you shouldn't be trying to unlock everything.  Well, first of all, don't tell me how to play the game; I paid good money for this and I feel unlocking the content should be a reasonable goal.  Second, don't give me daily quests for specific classes if you want me to stick with one or two.  I've seen supporters claiming this is not a problem and ""many other games do this"".  Well, no, not $60 AAA titles.  F2P games?  Ya, sure.  What Ubisoft has done is set up a F2P type system with a very slow grind so that you will spend F2P levels of cash to unlock the things you want (the stuff is *expensive* too, as in $15 for a costume for one character), while still charging full price for the base game.As fun as the gameplay can be and the potential it has, there are far too many issues with this game for me to recommend it.  I knew going in that I was going to regret this, but I got suckered in because all of my friends were playing it.  My first thought was ""I don't trust Ubisoft... this is a mistake"", and it was.  Even though I got some solid hours of enjoyment out of it, the frustration, balance issues, F2P-esque grind, horrid matchmaking, even worse networking, lackadaisical development and maintenance, and an almost insulting contempt that Ubisoft seems to have for its customers, make this a no-go."
,Recommended,304390,30204719,Posted: 26 February,all,miZu,"This is what you give me to work with?Well, honey, I've seen worseWe're going to turn this sow's earinto a silk purseWe'll have you washed and driedPrimped and polishedtill you glow with prideTrust my recipe for instant brideYou'll bring honor to us allWait and seeWhen we're throughBoys will gladly go to war for youWith good fortuneAnd a great hairdoYou'll bring honor to us allA girl can bring her familygreat honor in one wayBy striking a good matchAnd this could be the dayMen want girls with good tasteCalmObedientWho work fast-pacedWith good breedingAnd a tiny waistYou'll bring honor to us allWe all must serve our EmperorWho guards us from the HunsA man by bearing armsA girl by bearing sonsWhen we're throughYou can't failLike a lotus blossomSoft and paleHow could any fellowSay ""No Sale""You'll bring honor to us allThere - you're readyNot yetAn apple for serenityA pendant for balanceBeads of jade for beautyYou must proudly show itNow add a cricket just for luckAnd even you can't blow itAncestorsHear my pleaHelp me not to make afool of meAnd to not uprootmy family treeKeep my father standing tallScarier than the undertakerWe are meeting our matchmakerDestinyGuard our girlsAnd our futureas it fast unfurlsPlease look kindly onthese cultured pearlsEach a perfect porcelain dollPlease bring honor to usPlease bring honor to usPlease bring honor to usPlease bring honor to usPlease bring honor to us all- Mulan, 1998"
76561198072604746,Not Recommended,304390,30361519,Posted: 6 March,all,AyyAshbee,"3/6/2017Plain and simple. If you want a consistant gameplay experience, wait until this game gets dedicated servers. And or a few months for them to iron out the bugs.As it stands, consider yourself lucky to get through an hour or two of gameplay without getting sent back to the main menu in the middle of the match because the P2P (Peer 2 Peer) host decided he wanted to quit. Or just a random loss of your connection to him. The game feels virtually the same way it did in Alpha & Beta as far as the little bugs (visual or otherwise) go, which is either showing a complete lack of care to address all the problems or a lack of capability. I don't know which is worse.The core of the game is great. When everything is optimal it feels very rewarding to succeed in combat. Sadly, the odds this is going to happen are quite slim. If Ubisoft actually gives this game the TLC it needs, it has a lot of pontential to become something you can enjoy for countless hours on end. I even enjoy the game, but I can't help but feel disatisfied with the experience when I can't sit down and play the game for more than an hour without running into some sort of issue. Everytime you get into a match, you're gambling your time. Maybe you have a fun game and everything runs smoothly and everyone goes back to the menu happy and satisfied, OR. (The other 70% of the time) You get sent back to the main menu because of ""a connection error"" with nothing to show for your 1-25 minutes of playtime. Are you in a duel and winning 2-0 with only a chip of health left on your opponent holding you back from victory? Guess what? He can just leave the game; suffer no penalties whatsoever and then YOU have a 50/50 shot of either get sent back to the main menu with nothing to show for your time (if he was the P2P host) or if you're the P2P host, he is replaced with a bot that may be incredibly easy, or nearly impossible to compete with that you have to kill from full health because your opponent alt-f4'd with 1/4 of his HP.Seriously if you're on the fence about this game because you don't know if it's worth trying to experience through all the inconsistencies, don't buy it. It's going to leave a sour taste in your mouth and you won't want to come back.However, if you look at this game (at it's core) and you know it's just something you want to try for yourself. Give it a chance. At this game's core it's a beautiful idea. The combat is clean and satisfying (when it works) and as far as other swordplay games go, this one nailed the feel of elegant simplicity that is easy to play but difficult to master. Which provides for a unique experience that has been one of my most favorites of all the swordplay fighters I've gone through. However as I said before, in it's current state, you likely won't experience this game at it's best. It's going to frustrate you with bugs, connection errors, dsync and other issues all around."
,Not Recommended,304390,30695815,Posted: 23 March,all,Sgt. Waffles,"Game is a lot of fun. Pvp and the combat system are quite innovative and engaging, visuals are spectacular and the skill based counters and parries are very rewarding to master.Everything else about the game is just...bad. Connection issues are a constant problem. The p2p connections drop out very frequently, always online means you cannot play single player modes without connecting to Ubisoft servers. The gear system is unfairly set up to reward spending a lot of money on the loot boxes, and has no place in a fighting game(yes this is a fighting game) other than to milk more money from the consumer. I will not comment on balance issues because those are minor things that can and probably will be tweaked and fixed over time.Overall this is a fun game that is completely overshadowed by corporate greed. If this game was made by literally anyone else, it would have been a smash hit. But Ubisoft once again shows the community that it is much more concerned with taking your money than making a great game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30233548,Posted: 27 February,all,nightshade780,"***Update at bottom***Game is great and lots of fun. But the server connections are horrible and many times you finish a game and get no credit b/c of server error. Not to mention if someone leaves the game it hangs while it tries to sync and if the host leaves game drops you completely.Can not recomend untill that is fixed. If you ok with ocasional disconects and like dynasty warriors and a basic combo fighter mix then you will like this. But untill those connectivity issues are fixed I'd not recommend this.Update:Network errors are still rampant if not worse after several fix attempts. Nothing you can do if host Alt f4 or bad connection drops entire match.The roll back to the beta guard break is horrible. All that fights break down to now is a spam fest of guard break, it is ridiculous and completely changes the game from what it was at release.Until the hosting issues are resolved I still can not recommend this. Especially with the spam fest it has become.PS. atleast I have not ran into any AFKers since they started to address it.***** Update****Ok, so many many patches later the game connection is better and drops are not as rampant as before. Though they are still there, and seems it drops people rather than drop the game entirely. ie you might end up with your team against a full team of bots or just you and every one else is a bot. (which seems to mask the drop, but atleast you can finish your match).I play from two different states and different providers on two seperate machines and results are quite consistent accross both. )The big issue now seems to be that the already small community has been reduced to such low numbers that matchmaking system struggles to find people so it widens it's search parameters so that you end up in matches that are very off balance.Game is still fun and I have still been putting alot of time into it and it does seem they are addressing some issues, but sadly this tittle with the overpriced season pass and low numbers might not make it much longer.I expect a huge influx of people with the intro of two new characters(basically the ones returning that purchased the season pass) but once the salt is reapplied they shall quickly return from the crevices from which they came."
,Not Recommended,304390,30691557,Posted: 23 March,all,Garvin Durphy,"SERVERS SUCKS, MICROTRANSACTIONS SUCK, MULTIPLAYER SUCKSAmazing combat system ruined by greedy moguls"
,Not Recommended,304390,30743151,Posted: 25 March,all,moosky,"The gameplay definitely isn't bad. Nor am I going to complain about the internet connection issues. But I'd rather a complain about the complete imbalance of weapons and armor in the game. The game sets you in matches where people who have gear that is at 108 (Which is the max) and you are roughly at 0-30 (Which is pretty low). And then when actually getting into combat with these people they can build their revenge meter from two of your hits and instantly gain health, bonus damage, bonus defense and two shot you. This is completely unfair and has P2W aspects in here too.  If they fixed this by making the items cosmetic or a seperate gamemode where you dont get to have any gear bonuses this would be a solid game."
76561198040650565,Not Recommended,304390,30744848,Posted: 26 March,all,Heroic Dumbass,What's the reverse of King Midas? Ubisoft is that.
,Not Recommended,304390,30915672,Posted: 2 April,all,a plastic chair,"Heavy balance problems, connection issues EVERY GAME, and terrible game modes.I paid $60 for an unfinished indie game."
76561198027303142,Not Recommended,304390,30798307,Posted: 28 March,all,Cemahkiin,"It's unlikely for me to downvote a game, but in this case I had to. Too many issues over a long, long time linked with silence from Ubisoft and the Developers.Don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,304390,30802182,Posted: 28 March,all,Anti-Fun­™ Activist,"I fell for the Ubisoft meme yet again.Ubisoft had a fantastic idea with this game. It scratches an itch very few games out there can.But the game definitely isn't worth 80 (Canadaland) bucks for the small content it offers. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign, then a multiplayer that is fun, but is filled with so many issues I don't even think this game will get back on its feet someday.4v4 modes are imbalanced because of the gear disparity, as you're matched based on account level instead of character level, so if you're trying out a new character (therefore not geared), you're at a severe disadvantage and there's very little you can do.Most characters are extremely underwhelming at a mid-high level, because defense is extremely powerful, and unless your character has a very strong gimmick, it gets super hard to win. Ubisoft obviously has very little clue of how to balance their game; some decisions like stance switching speed being slower for some characters seems completely arbitrary and has no solid reasoning whatsoever. Instead of listening for advice from top players, they'd rather analyse their data from their busted matchmaking system instead.It's a crapshoot at this point whether the game will end up better with upcoming patches.This game had lots of potential, was it not made by Ubisoft. At this point I can't refund my game anyway, so I'll just watch the ♥♥♥♥♥how from afar.Don't buy the game in its current state; wait for an actual sale, as in not the 10% we got last weekend, more like a 50%-65%, so you actually get to pay for what you get, i.e a barebones multiplayer swordfighting game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30799546,Posted: 28 March,all,ToTeM👽,"the gameplay is fun, the competititve aspect is as well, its a good looking and great concept of a game, Ubisoft however is a horrible company, that made Peer to peer connections happen probably wont fix it, wont update it and wont do anything to make this into the great thing that it could be, save your money for a different games with developers that have real passion for the game and want to continue working on it and improving on it."
76561198040684181,Not Recommended,304390,30225885,Posted: 27 February,all,Aphaziel,"Do not buy !Best game ever with the worst multiplayer. This usually wouldn't bother me that much, but THE WHOLE GAME IS MULTIPLAYER !!!It's so bad that in the past 2 hours i get disconnected almost immediately when i login...This will be bad for a free to play even, but for a game that costs 60 Euro and asks you to spend ingame currency and additional 40 Euro for a PASS.... Im sorry but its just stupidUBISOFT !!! Stop trying to crunch the stocks !"
,Not Recommended,304390,30175978,Posted: 25 February,all,eFFecX,"As much as I want to love this game, i cannot recommend it yet because of several gamebreaking issues!The animations and the combat mechanics are hands down amazing. BUT there are several issues that just ruin the game for me:1. Matchmaking: I didn't experience that much of connectivity issues but from time to time you get matched into a full game which is complete nonsense. The bigger problem i have with that matchmaking system is that it ""ranks"" you into categories based on all your characters ranks i suppose. E.g. I got my valkyrie to prestige 2 and wanted to try out different heros. I ended up with the conqueror and the peacekeeper (because i played her in the beta and i was really enjoying her playstyle). The problem is that I, as a complete beginner on that particular hero ended up getting matched with guys who just beelined one char into prestige 6 and were, typically for a fighting game where you just have to invest time to get better, just impossible to beat. Getting steamrolled all the f*king time just ruins the game for me. That leads us right to the next problem:2. The Gear-System: Ubisoft WTF! The idea of that is that you get gear items as you progress in ranks (they are btw also kind the ""cosmetics"" in that game). You drop them after battles or you can just open crates to get some items. The BIG problem with that is that you can recieve a HUGE advantage with them because you can basically specialise your char (which is a nice thing in my opinion. It allows unique builds to occur) but the benefits you can get from these are just too big. You can basically just max one attribute, trade in a uselss one, and suddenly deal triple the damage, that you normaly would without specialised gear. Currently the meta is just maxing out your revenge stats which allows you to run around basically 15 secs in an ultra-mode AND only having to block like 4-5 times before getting the next revenge mode. Now coupled with that broken matchmaking you get matched against guys who have gear lvl 108 (which is max) and me as a beginner on a hero has maybe just dropped 3 equips on basic lvl which really don't benefit me that much. So i don't have the damage to kill a revenge guy in time and when he triggers the revenge mode (by pressing Y while i am attacking) i get knocked to the ground. He is then basically in a position in which he can 2 shot me. GREAT THINKING ON THAT ONE UBI!3. Guard Breaking: Or better counter-guardbreaking. It is so freaking hard for a person who does not play the game constantly since release to counter a guardbreak properly. You really need to put in much practice to finally get the timing right. Take the orochi as prime example: He can chain a succesful guard break into a quite powerfull heavy attack which cannot be evaded at all. Countering the guard break is much too hard and there is just way too much damage that one can deal just by pressing X on the controller. I understand that this is less of a problem in the higher skill levels but for beginners it just ruins the game! You end up being in a match with one orochi who guard breaks you into oblivion. In my opinion the countering of a guard break should be much easier and really only be a viable option to catch a player when he is actually OFF GUARD or maybe out of stamina.4. BUGS: I don't even know where to start... Shugoki can unblockably strike twice draining you at least 1/2 of your hp bar. The Peacekeepers stabs don't count as stabs that actually inflict bleeding. Just to name a few.5. Balancing issues of some classes: This just really gets me upset. The thing with the orochi is one problem which is rather a general problem.Another class which is way too powerfull is the berserker. That guy just deals way too much damage for being that evasive and quick in attacking but thats just personal opinion.The light attacks of the peacekeeper are also too fast. Some classes can't even change their block stance in time before the next attack strikes.Environmental Kills are way too easy to achieve: Pick a warlord and shove some poor soul into the abyss or kick them into spikes or fire just because you can literally throw people 20 meters. Especially in 1v1 or 2v2 you always see people doing that and winning duels like this. In my opinion thats just cheap! 1v1s are supposed as a showdown of playerskill with different classes and shoving someone off somewhere with litterally the first move doesn't seem very skilful to me...To sum it up: For Honor is currently an unbalanced and buggy mess. Out of 10 matches i find 1 which is really enjoyable, because its a close and exciting match. 4-6 of them are rather ""meh..."" and the rest is just infuriating. I really find that game hard to enjoy even if i really want to. And thats a huge shame."
,Not Recommended,304390,30215157,Posted: 27 February,all,Tactical_Tugboat,It shouldnt have been made
76561198148440798,Not Recommended,304390,29951480,Posted: 15 February,all,RegularGamers,>Launch For Honor>Start The Game>Multiplayer Mode>Match Searching>Joined the game>Pick your hero>Loading Map>Prepare to Battle>Disconnected. Returning to Main Menu>Repeat1/10
76561197994486693,Not Recommended,304390,29967276,Posted: 16 February,all,ADF-Snake,"The ubisoft servers are kicking everyone from any game. Campaign, PvP, Vs AI and sometimes even the matchmaker. When you do get into a game, there's a 90% chance that you'll get kicked in 30 seconds thanks a number of random errors.IF you manage to get into ANY game, then it's pretty fun. But again, you get kicked, disconnected or told that the ubisoft servers are unavailable constantly.Mother♥♥♥♥ing update! As of 27/2/17 - Game is still ♥♥♥♥ing broken. Spawning into matches dead and staying dead throughout new rounds.Such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198012807542,Not Recommended,304390,30054081,Posted: 20 February,all,Valtaya,"Right now the game is not to be recommended (and I doubt I will ever update this review).Pro:- General gameplay is fun, it is a quite good action melee simulationContras:- The UI is terrible... there is just so much the UI is missing (wonder if there was some sort of alpha and closed/open beta).-- There is no feedback for War Assets (if you deploy assets in one region after a match, and again after another one, you just do not know if the assets add up, or replace, or do nothing. Nothng explained ingame or manual, wonder if I have to search the internet for an answer.)-- There is no detailed explanation of the faction map-- After each match a 90second timer starts before you are automaticaly brought to the next match... and the timer starts right after the match, 30s of the time are used up by the ""reward creens"". So basicaly you ahve 60 seconds to deploy war assets, customize (gear up) your classes etc. After the time is up you are in the next match.-- During the ""match setup"" you are not allowed to leave, in order to cancel the game, you have to kill the For Honor task-- During the ""match setup"" you can not customize your classes/heroes(and that is not all, just the thing that annoying)- Network... long story short, terrible, so terrible, I wonder what is going on there-- While the matches itself are peer-to-peer, this is synchronized with ubisoft servers for rewards and faction map... 50% of the time there is an ""network error"" and you get no rewards, nothing-- Though there are 60.000 players playing and the load for a specific mode is ""very high"", it still takes an eternity to find matches... I do not know why, maybe because the ""match up"" criteria are very strict and loosened after every minute of searching for a match.-- once a match is setup and starts, a host is determined for peer-to-peer play. And do not let others fool you with commets the For Honor p2p is better then half life, it is not. Ubisoft may be explaining it otherwise and in theroy and their wishful thnking it is so, but the reality is something different. The host machine decides everthing... I have seen matches that took 20+ minutes to start because the players could not be ""synchronized"" (usualy 90% of players leave the match like that and when it finaly starts, there are not enough players and the match cancels). Also funny when the host leaves the match... if the game is in progress, a new host is determined, if the host leaves before the match starts, the sanchronization process is totaly screwed and For Honor freezes. Ingame... it is all about your connection to the host... PvP games with 500+ ms lag are extermely funny... you press a button, it takes half (and more) second to execute the action (and truth be told, 80% of all games are laggy). But this lag is not just about action commands... a player with no lag is something like having a 5m weapon... hitting you (exxageration) half acrosss the map.All in all: the combat itself is fun, but the story mode too short and actualy only there to let you learn a bit about the game. Multiplayer is, as of now, pretty much unplayable (I do know people who have not such problems and everything is fine, but I also know a lot of people who have this network problems. So if you decide to buy this game, it is a gambling game whether you can or can not play multiplayer... it is all about your inet connection... In all various PvP based games I have a ping of 18-21, I thought my connection is good, obviously not)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30746765,Posted: 26 March,all,LowTone,"A lot of potential. A good concept for fight mechanics but the game falls apart with its terrible UI, P2P used for 8 player games and a fight system which hasn't been thought through. The game both encourages you to play multiple heroeres and then punishes you for it by matching people based on the level of all heroes combined. In the current state of the game, attacking will ghet you parried and punished which leads to boring stand offs or constant Guard Break spam. There's very little actual fighting with weapons."
76561197974097388,Not Recommended,304390,29972957,Posted: 16 February,all,Earl The Pearl,"The game's concept is simple but amazing.It plays great......WHEN IT WORKS.However connectivity issues make the game practically unplayable.It was a mild frustration in the BETAs and the ALPHAs but the FULL RELEASE stumbles into a ravine.The difference is like getting some food stuck in your teeth and getting your face bashed in with a brick.I cannot, in good conscience, assume that someone who worked on this project for years approved this networking solution for a full release.But someone did.It's embarrassing.Why shoot yourself in the foot ?"
,Not Recommended,304390,29988446,Posted: 17 February,all,TheDemiGod27 csgoroll.com,"no matter how fun you think this game is, it is absolutely unplayable with these servers.the fact that a AAA company choose to have peer to peer servers is absolutely mind blowingly stupid. to be fair the gameply and mechanics is solid and good, but its to no use when 3 people gang up on you and then one disconnects and boom you lost connection. winning a round with no problems? thats not alright, boom, you lost connection. no matter how fun you are having the game will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥and send you back to the main menu. i urge you not to buy this game untill ubisofts gets their heads out of their♥♥♥♥♥and fix this broken gem."
,Not Recommended,304390,30948414,Posted: 4 April,all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Disconnects every other game, takes a year and a half to get a group together because due to some tzeentch related black magic, you can't invite the other guy but he can invite you, and sometimes the other way around. not to mention every other guy cheeses you with that one nearly undodgeable move over and over again"
76561198044880792,Not Recommended,304390,30947870,Posted: 4 April,all,Am¡Evil,"Constant game crashes after the 1st patch released, long time waites between matches, bug abusers and poor game balance. Awful customer service ignores issues. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!"
76561198166252082,Not Recommended,304390,30947165,Posted: 4 April,all,Potatosynthesis,"The gamelpay is fun and fast-paced. It's a shame you'll never finish a match because Ubisoft can't be ♥♥♥♥ed to provide dedicated servers.""Connecion lost. Returning to main menu"""
,Not Recommended,304390,30074878,Posted: 21 February,all,eL_DoL[A]Y,Still no dedicated server? with $60 game?Even free to play game have dedicated server.. Thumb down greedy ubisoft
,Not Recommended,304390,30077501,Posted: 21 February,all,OneStep,"The game itself is really good.It has a good mixture of performance, graphics and unique gameplay to make it quite enjoyable when it works.However, it gets dragged down by the horrible Server System this game uses. (P2P instead of Dedicated Servers)The downsides to a Server System like this are self explanatory.I would recommend this game anyway, if it wouldn't cost as much as 60 Euros.The Singleplayer is not good enough to balance this out."
,Not Recommended,304390,30315222,Posted: 4 March,all,Dudley collectskins.com,Its not fun as you get disconected 80% of them time and you cant do anything about it.
76561198155733158,Not Recommended,304390,30071711,Posted: 20 February,all,Legendary NewType,"first things first ahmUBISOFT FIX THIS F**KING CONNECTION PROBLEM!!!!!Every bloody time i went into the multiplayer match i also get the bloody force disconnect even tho i have F-ing good bloody connection in the middle of the multiplay matches!!! You  b a s t a r d s. IT'S BEEN LIKE THIS SINCE LAUNCH!! Rage asideI've been playing this since the game launch and must say it's quite good however it's annoying due to the F-ing Uplay. It takes along time to find matches and always all the time ur get force disconnect for no F-ing reason even though u have a good internet connection or good internet in general.LIKE SERIOUSLY FIX THIS SH*T!!!!now that's out of the way let's talk about game itself beside the online problemsStoryThe story is quite alright nothing to fancy but it's enough to make you keep going. You get 3 chapter and 18 missions which knights, viking and samurai. in these chapters u get to play different characters sometime depends on the missions. each missions it's fun and quite challenging at times. Of course u get boss fights however some boss fights are tough and hard it will put your skills to the test.Gamplay mechanicThe game play mechanic is interesting and refreashing yet it's easy to understand but diffcult to do. it requires you to read your oppenents movement and predict what he/she gonna do next.And also keeping ur oppenents guessing by switching stances, however u if choose to switch stances constantly like left, right, up quickly it doesn't annoy the player instead it give other player advantage. when your oppenent get close to you don't have time to move away and he/she will unguard you and make a combo at you. but if you worry that you have to guess the oppenents don't worry the game have indicator to show the stands and where to the player going to attack. Again it's not easy to do so it can be hard if you play againist skill player. Also use your enviroment and take advantage off it if you on the unwinnable situation. And you also have factions that you can join but when you get the game and went multiplayer the game will explain to you how the system works. (side note join knight faction!!! i swear im not being bias! XD it's up to u tho but joins knight we are cool just like other faction)Game modOn multiplay you 5 mods to play on:Duel:which is 1v1 which have to different mod player vs player or player vs AIBrawl:similar to Duel but it's 2 v 2 which players vs players and players vs AIDeath:this gameplay mod have 2 mods on which is:Elimination:which players vs players on 4 v 4 kill all the opposite team.Skirmish:Skirmish is also 4 v 4 multiplayer mode in which players gain points while killing enemies. When one team earns enough points, they must eliminate the players from the other team and win the match.Dominion:is a 4 v 4  mode in which players must capture and hold multiple zones in a battlefield. Points are earned through occupying combat zones. When one team earns enough points, they must eliminate the players from the other team and win the match.CharactersMultiplayer u have heros which have he/she own fighting style and unique excution. All the hero's have their own weakness and hero that can counter them (it all depends on how you use your hero). Each heros can but customize and colours emote and such but also limited. however each armor and weapon pieces have states and what it's good on it's up to you the most what you value the most (don't worry u can change armor and power look piece into cooler one unless u have it then u can change the look.). Each heros level up and get this reputations and feats which will have u on Dominion matches. before i finish this off im gonna give ur guys a tip out there. Alot of people said that Nobushi is OP but it's not true and it's quite hard to use her. Alot people don't understand is that Nobushi she deadly at long range but bad at close range, if people keep that in mind and notice that she use nagita (spear) of course she deadly at long range duh. and antoher tip for Nobushi keep the pressure on and slow (but careful) move close to her to hit her.Micro-Transyes it has Mirco-Transaction but u don't need it to buy coins which is easy to get and earn you on use coins for upgrading armor and equirment, animations and customiztion. but it will take quite awhile to earn lots of coins if you don't spend and complete lots of task and win matches.and if u are one of those people want to get ""easy coins"" that will cost u about $28.95 aud. The cost is pricy if ask me even tho i pay $60 usa in aud it's $78.27 for the game. soo ya very greedy ubisoftTipsif u get attack more then one player then retreat don't try to take them but urself.ConclusionAt the moment i don't recommand the game due to the problems it have sometimes i see boxes on the challanges and connection issue. i suggest wait for a while untill the problems are fix and pick it and 60 dollar price is a bit too high i also recommand pick this up on sales. but unless ur the rich folkes and don't listen to me. And buy the game anyway can you please get me a season pass XD.Final Verdictit's 8/10 with a badass seal of approval. i  know i know what i say but it's not recommand at the moment but in time went they fix issuse such as connection, letter box, freeze and alots more then i will change this to recommand to buy this game. but for now i don't recommended.Edit (21/08/2017):  Just get this on console. They fixed alot of stuff there. Also Dominion is still having trouble connection this happens to PC only. The console are fine."
,Not Recommended,304390,30319719,Posted: 4 March,all,Grover The Trash Gremlin,Great game but ubisoft gets 0/10 from me for the nonexistant servers and highly consistent connection issues they didnt fix post patch
76561198104789087,Not Recommended,304390,30133459,Posted: 23 February,all,OriginalName69,terrible online play kicked from every other game.
,Not Recommended,304390,34190986,Posted: 12 August,all,Bronin the Mongoose,"There's a good game in here, somewhere, I swear.  Somewhere between the utterly nonexistent matchmaking that thinks two rep zero's and a couple bots are a match for rep 20+ players, and the un-counterable cheese fest.  Somewhere between the P2P servers that flat out don't work (and whoever green lighted them should absolutely be drawn and quartered) and the community that makes cancer look like something you'd want to have, there's a gorgeous game.  There are fantastic models, really good animations, and a novel fighting mechanic, if you can push past the fact that an autistic blind kid throwing rocks at puppies could devise more equal matches, and the part where you will be victim to the same three moves over and over and over and over until you're dead, you might have a match or two that resembles fair, and is a ton of fun.I can't reccomend this for newbros, I want to, it's fun on those rare occasions, but I can't.  The only queues that I ever see truly active are the Dominion queues, and Dominion is code for ""group of salty vetbros gangbang newbros until they ragequit because lulz I r gud at this and ppl liek me.""It's significantly worse, in almost every way, since beta/release.  Dedicated servers will help, un-♥♥♥♥ing your balance will help, writing a matchmaking system that actually works will help, but without a unified effort to fix the serious issues with this game it will die, and I'll both celebrate and mourn.I promise there is a good game in here somewhere, if only Ubisoft could get out of their own damn way."
,Not Recommended,304390,34187758,Posted: 12 August,all,Yarkinno Aegis,"Oh you are new? Here's 4 50+ Rep players to ♥♥♥♥ you up.Why do i need to fight against 2000+hr players as a noob?And it takes forever to find a game, but if you ever find one, just pray not to be disconnected.+ Season Pass characters are brokenly OP.I will make a serious review when they fix the matchmaking system and servers.I promised not to buy any Ubisoft game after R6:Siege. Broke my promise for nothing.♥♥♥♥ YOU UBI."
76561198062350554,Not Recommended,304390,30076607,Posted: 21 February,all,Senpai,"If you have internet from your university, dont buy this game. eduroam gets strict NAT, and you will have issues connecting to games.0/10 for connectivity issues. Ubisoft messed up."
,Not Recommended,304390,30695128,Posted: 23 March,all,Taiden,Do not buy this garbageThe singleplayer is good but is really shortyou will get matched with people around 20 levels higer than youthat is so if you manage to play beacuse Ubisoft servers are usually down
76561197966762521,Not Recommended,304390,30076498,Posted: 21 February,all,Fortunesfool7,"Ubisoft, get your crap together...no dedicated servers...game is buggy as hell..."
76561197990558706,Not Recommended,304390,31012240,Posted: 8 April,all,Erlang,"Everyone is talking about the lack of dedicated servers, and for very good reasons.Every match is a 50-50% roll on who gets an advantage over netlag.Last match, my opponent teleported and got free hits in that I couldnt react to, because on my screen the only frame I would see is him hitting me.Dedicated servers, or dont buy. It was a nice try to make a new network model, but the prerequisit for this network model is that EVERYONE has to have a good connection to eachother, not only the server. Its incredibly frustrating, and not nearly rewarding enough.When I stopped playing for a few months, I was at a point where I was quite good, and ""ranked in a higher tier"" When I came back I wanted to test out another character, and not having played in a long while, I was quite the scrub. Still got matched against people with 5-6 more prestiges than me, with no chance to beat them, unless I played what I mained way back when.Stupid matchmaking, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ networking makes this into a bad experience. Do not recommend untill they get dedicated servers."
,Not Recommended,304390,30101248,Posted: 22 February,all,Barfbag,"Great melee action game with a nice competitive multiplayer. I would reccommend this game to anyone that loves a good fighting game that works off of combos and counters. However Personally I have to not reccommend this game currently as their multiplayer is Peer to Peer.... This is inexcusable in the 21st century and completly ruins the competitive gameplay nature of this game (constant lag, frequent disconnects, session paueses from rage quiters). Ubisoft is not taking multiplayer seriously, period. If they change out the networking model to dedicated servers I will change the review status but as of now, no, can't recommend it, peer to peer is just plain stupid."
76561198064593945,Not Recommended,304390,29943674,Posted: 15 February,all,slinky,"Pros: New/Fresh Gameplay ElementsGraphics are well optimized (for my i5 970 rig)Great Multiplayer and a Not-To-Bad CampaignCon: TRYING TO GET IN A DAMN MULTIPLAYER GAMEI can barely enter a stable game (constantly being kicked for inactivity, despite low pings and fast internet connection) and when I do enter a game, it will kick me before finishing it. Sometimes in a winning Duel Match SMH!Open Beta was way better for me than what it is now (Asia Region). I really wish UBISOFT will patch this♥♥♥♥♥♥up cause the premium price for this is definitely NOT WORTH IT. I really wanted to love this game, but damn it's not a game if I can't even play it!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30910331,Posted: 2 April,all,Farroxi,"Deep down, For Honor is a nuanced and unique fighting game. The characters have interesting and diverse playstyles, and the controls are very good. This game had potential.Unfortunately, the good game within For Honor is overshadowed by mind boggling design decisions and lazy, greedy corporate influence.There are 4 different types of games you can play in For Honor. Either 4v4 Control Point, 4v4 or 2v2 Elimination, or Dueling. (There is another gamemode called ""Skirmish"" but Ubisoft put it in the same queue as elimination so good luck finding a game where people don't instantly all quit out). This is a ♥♥♥♥ing $60 game, remember. For some perspective, 10 years ago Call of Duty 4 was released for $60 with13 different multiplayer modes and a full length campaign.This highlights the main problem I have with For Honor: it's value. This is a $30 game at most, and even then, the amount of micro transactions present would still be insulting. Good luck customizing your character: stat bonus gear is based on RNG loot boxes, and cosmetic gear will cost you 10+ hours of grinding.The balance of the game rewards defensive strategy and punishes aggressiveness, turning any evenly skilled fight into a staring match, waiting for the other to swing so you can parry, or waiting for a chance to guard break. The warden has an unblockable shoulder bash that can be chained infinitely. The peacekeeper is so poorly designed and balanced she has been completely banned in tournament play.Another annoyance is the matchmaking, in that there is none. The game just seems to throw everyone and anyone together in a game, so you'll commonly be going up against players 10x your level with gear stats to match. Maybe this is just from a lack of playerbase, but the skill based aspect of this game no longer matters when you're going up against players that can kill you in 2 hits because their gear level is 70 levels higher than yours.To sum it all up, For Honor has great ideas that are overshadowed by poor balance, a strict and boring meta, and Ubisoft's grubby corporate hands. I can't recommend spending $60 on this game, and yet I also don’t know if I can recommend waiting for the price to drop, as the playerbase has dropped by 87% since launch, and by that time there may not be anyone left to play with.I think 2017 is truly the year of the indie game. There are so many better designed, better supported games out there with devs that actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don’t support Ubisoft’s asinine business practices. Skip this one."
76561197977134822,Not Recommended,304390,34173676,Posted: 11 August,all,magus_darklighter,"Ill write this as a short warning while im waiting for my refund. I bought this when the $29.99 sale came up a day ago and honestly I should of paid more attention to the reviews. I only put 16 hours in and I can say that the multiplayer is stale and boring. (For some reason after I requested a refund it reset my playtime to seven hours)You seem to see the exact same characters and tactics EVERY MATCH. I'm not talking about a limited amount of classes, no. What I mean is every one plays samurai or Vikings the exact same move used over and over and over. Not once was i put in a match with people my own skill level/gear level. I didnt have the disconnects other players had, but the moment higher ranked players see your not at their level they all leave and your stuck with bots.....yeah good luck with that. That being said the multiplayer communtiy makes CoD and Division groups seem like saints. About the biggest groups of priks you could ever see.After I completed all the story mode missions (this took less than 3 hours for all 3 factions) I was grasping at finding anything fun to do.Guess what? There isnt anything else to do unless you want to fight bots......That being said This is less of a review and more of a short experience with for honor. I have never asked for a refund from steam so this should tell you how much I felt screwed even at the discounted price. Heed the warnings of other players and either dont buy or request a refund ASAP. This may of been a bad take on my part only but by what everyone else has posted about this game I doubt it.FYI: My refund request was denied so im stuck with this POS dont play it over 2 hours if you want a refund. Anything over that and its a big middle finger to you."
76561198141198132,Not Recommended,304390,29969693,Posted: 16 February,all,ironman,Microtransactions that affect the balance in the gears score in a $ 60 AAA game. This game looks like a free toplay with that S****...  Ubisoft is a joke. that's all I have to say.
76561198160917778,Not Recommended,304390,30048579,Posted: 19 February,all,Benjamin Danklin,"This game is pretty bad. It doesn't save your display, audio, etc. settings. It will randomly kick people from servers at anytime. It can even kick entire servers, or it will kick everybody but you (yes this happened to me, i can confirm it). It doesn't have any dedicated servers. It doesn't face you against opponents of equivalent skill. The beta of this game made it seem worth the $60 price tag, but its better around $5. Last time I buy from ubisoft."
76561198040361266,Not Recommended,304390,30627975,Posted: 19 March,all,Tuor,"Don’t buy this game.  Why?  Well in no particular order…1.	It’s Ubisoft… so micro transactions to drain you of your cash, cut corners everywhere like the p2p system in what is basically a FIGHTING GAME, and little hope for any meaningful fixes to any of these persistent problems.2.	The community is toxic beyond belief.3.	The characters are unbalanced to the point where about 80% of the player base uses the same 4 characters.4.	Combat has devolved into either continuous guard break followed by a push into environmental kills, endless unstoppable combos, or never attack yourself and only parry into counter attack (known as the defensive meta).5.	Every mode is uncreative and boring, yes even that overhyped domination mode.6.	Every 4v4 mode are pay to win thanks to the unbalanced equipment boosts. So, 3 out of the 5 modes are ruined.7.	You will almost never get a 1v1 except in 1v1 mode.  You will be constantly assaulted by 2 or more enemy players and have little to no chance to win or escape. (and it is here that you realize the fighting system was made with 1v1 fights in mind)8.	Matchmaking system is horrible.  It regularly pairs you with people that are way higher level then you are and has no way to compensate for it.9.	The maps have instant death environmental kills every 2 feet.10.	The menu system looks like a beta build and is not easy to navigate.11.	The factions war thing is a pointless joke.12.	The player base is dropping like a brick and showing no signs of slowing down.I must say the story mode is good for a few hours and fighting the AI is fun to fight because the AI does not play the meta while still being a good challenge.  The fighting system is fun to use if it was not for the broken meta going on.  If you are really fascinated with the fighting system, then wait for it to go on sale and avoid the multiplayer part of the game like the plague.I really wanted to like this game.  So much that I ignored a lot of these growing problems for a while.  But the longer I played this game, the harder it was for me to convince myself to turn it on again next time.  So, don’t buy this game, save your money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30236800,Posted: 28 February,all,Aeternull,"For Honor is a game that has amazing mechanics, fluid gameplay, great graphics and and stunning concept since the day it was announced.BUT! The amount of negatives in it overshadows the positives.Here is what you really need to know about For Honor:-It's a $60 product that uses a Free to Play system. What that means is super awful grinding that only ends up giving you even more awful gear and barely any good customization. If you played F2P games then you probably know what I am talking about.-Unbalanced game. There are couple of heroeos in this game that are overpowered while there are couple who are underpowered. The rest are in the middle. They will probably balance the game but that could take months for them to do.-Three game modes: Dominion[Capture points], Skirmish[4v4 w/respawn], and Deathmath[1v1 or 2v2 or 4vs4 w/o respawn]. I honestly got bored of all of them sooner than I hoped.-Toxic Community. If you win, they will call you noob/spammer/cheater. If you lose they will spam taunt you. This is a skill based game that as I mention, has balancing issues so you'll meet a lot of people who think they are tough by abusing the system.-No Honor. The game called For Honor but you will never see Honor in it.-Faction War is always advertised. A cross-platform thing which is great, you play and you get points you can use for the faction you picked. Every 2 weeks the faction with most areas win the round and all players following that faction win awards. Problem is... most people follow the Viking since the Beta and they always win. And because of that many people are now switching to Viking, which will make them win more, and bring in more players into their faction. There is a scientific word for it. Negative Feedback Loop.At the end. I really don't think this game is worth supporting especially the fact it uses Free to Play game for a $60 game. But the choice is yours. Just wanted to share why I don't recommend this game.Thank you for reading."
,Not Recommended,304390,30272923,Posted: 1 March,all,Lightning Dasher,Get off our planet Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,30740071,Posted: 25 March,all,Reapz,fix your f*cking matchmaking you brainless ubisoft c*nts
76561198003005268,Not Recommended,304390,29969948,Posted: 16 February,all,cross cs.money,♥♥♥♥♥jogo bosta ! bugs everywhere!
,Not Recommended,304390,30056324,Posted: 20 February,all,Akryte,Nice way to ruin a perfect game with your gay♥♥♥♥♥peer 2 peer servers you greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s...
,Not Recommended,304390,29980530,Posted: 17 February,all,NoMansDream,"bought the deluxe version ; here is my opinion ...* Pros :i can join a session (nice thing from ubi anyways)* Cons :right after match loading screen kicks me out saying ""error connecting blah blah blah""tried ten times , all the same .i'll request a refund nowif they add dedicated servers , i'll buy again . if not ♥♥♥♥ 'em all .Do i recommend this piece of ♥♥♥♥e? of course NO!(tutorial was nice BTW , but who cares when you can't connect to a single match)"
,Not Recommended,304390,29977845,Posted: 16 February,all,LunaCalx,"Pathetic a struggle that does't validate the cost of a game--UPDATEA game that all be it is pretty just isn't measuring upIt is one thing for a to have its occasional bugs... That I am willing to forgive but not this.When a game literally doesn't let me play and have been trying for the 2.2hrs(and counting) litterally what you see on my hours play is certainly unforgivable. I cannot believe it a game should not be this way. I can't even watch the trailer without it saying ""so sorry but you can't play.""I cannot believe it, I also believed well I don't have to play online I just want to play campaign and simply enjoy myself in there. But that is not even possible. As of right now I cannot even justify playing  or even buying this game, I recieved it as a gift and I can't even justifiy that and gave my friend the money they spent on it and they purchased me the full package (deluxe edition and the seaon pass).Final Verdict:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT ANY POINT, WAIT WEEK OR MORE TILL THE BUGS ARE FIXED IT IS UNPLAYABLE IN ITS CURRENT STATE...I will change my verdict when I see some change  and give a real review till then...DO NOT BUYUPDATEFinally mangage to play for at least two hours at the least within the story mode. BUT I had to do in on a different computer as my being hooked up to the internet on my college campus. That in of itself makes it so I cannot play. My verdict still stands with this game however and here is why.The controls feel very clunky for this game and I can hardly get a combo off, or guard breaksIt gets very weird glictches as though the game is in early access and that is normal I suppose for Ubisoft, but still if you are spitting out triple A titles it should at least have a minimun of functionality glitchesNo repsonse from Ubisoft, as of yet, that will alter their program to recognize Campus Internet as a legitimate connectionConstant internet connection, look at what Xbox tried to do and that ended poorly. Multiplayer fine but, story mode would really just like to see an offline modeThe only thing I like about this game so far is the story mode and that it and that is even a struggle because it is online only. I still think that you should either skip it and wait for it on sale or just simply not buy the game until a number of functionality issue are addressed and taken care of but, other than that still wishing I could have gotten a refund for my friend."
,Not Recommended,304390,30086702,Posted: 21 February,all,SHAHIN,dont buy the game now . cuz u cant complate 2 games without getting kicked cuz of there ♥♥♥♥ing shiity servers
76561198005578025,Not Recommended,304390,30305850,Posted: 3 March,all,Rotten_Karma,"I bought this game because I enjoyed it while playing in the open beta, however most of the problems would only become apparent after release.The game is supposedly based on a P2P2P model, where no one client is host.  However ubisoft's matchmaking servers are frequently down, or under heavy load preventing all gameplay, including single player.  If one individual disconnects, the game resycronizes, frequently resulting in a fight's outcome being flipped.  If two or more people disconnect the game is almost always dropped resulting in no reward for any one.The community is toxic, with many players promoting glitches and exploits such as invisible attacks or false indicators.  Anyone who calls said players out for exploiting is simply said to be ""not competitive enough"".  Such logic can be used to justify anything, including macros, DDoSing, 3rd party programs and scrips, doxxing, swatting, or any other unsavory actions.  Many bots exist in the dominion gamemode, and other game modes are plagued by DDoSers looking for lulz.The faction war system consist of 3 factions that have no effect on gameplay.  The winner of a 14 day round is decided only in the last 2 turns (12 Hours) of the round, which occurs on every other tuesday at 3 pm est, well before most people get home.The balance in this game is nonexistant.  A round can easily be decided before the loading screen, as many characters cannot change their blocks fast enough to stop or launch attacks.  The only characters that can currently survive long enough to kill are assassin class characters, warden and warlord, all of which have the fastest block switch in the game.Do not buy this game."
76561198070084321,Not Recommended,304390,30111450,Posted: 22 February,all,foofighter_ii,"I refunded.  Great potential, bad executed."
76561198206838636,Not Recommended,304390,29974813,Posted: 16 February,all,entropic,"I really hate to not recommend this game. It's a blast to play when it works. But I can't understand how a AAA game in 2017 fails to have dedicated servers. It is nearly impossible to play with your friends, matchmaking is plagues with drops, and matches can cancel in the middle if someone leaves. Add the insane level of microtransactions to remind you that you are playing a Ubisoft game. Solid mechanics, but you'll feel like you've been ripped off. This should have been F2P."
76561198120599171,Not Recommended,304390,29995237,Posted: 17 February,all,Rico,"Spent more times on loading screens and disonnecting than actually playing the game. Also, during the middle of 1v1's people can instantly leave before they die without penalty. This has been happening non- stop, if me or the other person doesnt disconnect then someone is leaving since people don't like accepting a loss. The player is then replaced by a full health bot who you'll have to fight against."
,Not Recommended,304390,30068446,Posted: 20 February,all,Nikout,"Great combat mechanics, great benefits given if you do 1v1 on 4v4 matches, gives you a good reward if you do that rather than ganging up on someone, great gear customization, and of course, actually a good campaign throughout these years, especially for multiplayer-driven game.Although, considering this game completely new to everyone, there are flaws to point out that made me not recommend this game for today's full-time entertainment to avoid all frustration you should probably not bother with.Bad network matchmaking.It uses P2P rather than dedicated servers, means interruptions will happen 80% of the time no matter what would happen to the host, and you probably won't know who got picked as a main peer. 90% of the time the game will disconnect you in a middle of a match to get your precious rewards, progress for orders and such, and will just send you to the main menu without resstoring the connection.High latency? More advantage!That explains everything, the P2P format, as mentioned above, also doesn't have any kind of ping control. In my experience, solo-queueing for games, I would get red bar people with really bad connection, and every action I would do to them would be delayed. On my screen I parried them, 3 miliseconds later, I get hit from that parry and get staggered; when he blocks the hit, there is a chance he will get hit if he changed his stance during that time and it is not fun to play with. Ubisoft has to launch the functionality to check for high latency people and do something about it.People say the game is pay to win; you can buy feats (so called abilities) for all characters thatyou can unlock on every character if you reach level 20 on each. Saves you time, you get access to those feats, but they don't matter much (unlike Thick Blood feat that prevents Warden from getting a ""Damage overtime"" damage), you just get to use them early. You can buy them for around ~30 dollars which is a massive moneygrab.The matchmaking balance would matter not at this point, you think gear at certain reputation levels would make people stronger, but only in one degree, there is always a downside on gears so try to see what they actually have as weakness to abuse them, I like how it works. I mostly play warden with just an upgraded blade for a sword and nothing else equipped, its just up to a user to dodge/parry etc.Speaking of orders. Majority of them give you very little to achieve on Player vs AI matches, yet they give you a big grind most of a time on PvP that is the most challenging; rewards are almost as equal.Not recommended for today's play due to network issues on ubisoft's side."
76561198006713826,Not Recommended,304390,30689799,Posted: 23 March,all,RG LDunphy,Amazing game ruined by a♥♥♥♥♥♥company.
76561198035536101,Not Recommended,304390,30309704,Posted: 3 March,all,Healiesforfeelies,"DO NOT BUYIf you plan on using mouse and keyboard, its not complete, keystroke wont registre as they should, mouse in guadmode got its own life, and even after the patch there was no improvement there.This game was not designed for the pc consumers, if you want full response you are doomed to using a controler xbox or ps4. i feel very cheated to measure this after 2 hours of game time, and want warn ppl so they dont make the same mistake as me.I dont know what the devs was thinking, in such a hard competetive game as for honor, to give mouse and keyboard delay and input failures, got into practice training and some times the mouse in guard mode will just stay in one position no matter what you do, then suddenly move to the other side, not the choosen sideIf you got a controller and love to use one at your pc then everythings good"
,Not Recommended,304390,30073549,Posted: 20 February,all,25 card pack only 1 lengendary,"The game is fun,but the p2p servers aren't.Really Ubisoft?A company that have money to release games every year can't support dedicated servers?"
76561198364196858,Not Recommended,304390,30073589,Posted: 20 February,all,traewhitecobbo,Constantly getting disconnected during a good game and not getting my well earned xp I've missed out on like like six levels because of this. i've never been so angry at a games servers before
,Not Recommended,304390,30185505,Posted: 25 February,all,leXith,"This is a great game that you shouldn't buy.  It's P2P and even then has unreliable servers.  The DLC it offers is quite greedy and the season pass is likely to have pay to win chracters.Apart from that I rather like this game.  When it works...Ubisoft has had their hand in a decent game here... shame they're still idiots.  The gameplay is quite addcitcing, but the servers really put you off.  I mean really, really put you off.A good game that was put together by money snatching ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who don't deserve your money/time.  That's the best way I could summorize this complicated piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥[Edit] I've continued to give this game a try and I've found the community to be toxic, gameplay to be focused on doing cheap stun lock combos and I've even encountered (possibly hacking) lagging mother ♥♥♥♥ers who kill you without getting a single hit or even a single block in.  Steer ♥♥♥♥ing clear of this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,34184632,Posted: 11 August,all,The entire population of Africa,You can't player multiplayer if you're new because everybody has high end gear and 1 shots you.
76561198147037614,Not Recommended,304390,30916152,Posted: 2 April,all,joesyfert,"♥♥♥♥ this game and the devs! For Honor has infinite potential, yet Ubisoft squanders it away because they are only about the almighty dollar. It is released at a tripple A price, has micro-transactions, AND STILL HAS AN INFINITE AMOUNT OF BUGS/GLITCHES. Don't even get me started on how many of my elimination or dominion games have dropped because of peer to peer servers ON A GAME THAT IS DEPENDENT UPON SERVER RELIABILITY!!! Typical Ubisoft product: amazing promotional advertisements, prestine beta test product, and then they completely ignore the community after the game is released. DO NOT WASTE 60$ ON A GAME THAT YOU WILL LOVE OFF THE BAT JUST TO BE LET DOWN BY DEVELOPERS AND A COMPANY THAT WANTS TO LINE THEIR POCKETS AT THE EXPENSE OF DEVOUT GAMERS."
,Not Recommended,304390,34160179,Posted: 10 August,all,Luka,"It had a lot going for it at luanch, but it went down hill fast.Everyone uses cheap broken crap that Ubi won't take out of the game, or at the very least dial back a bit, the first 2 new heros to come out are unbalanced as all hell with the rest of the game and from what I can tell Ubisoft even empowered somr of the cheap crap that players do in this. I really like how the combat mechanics work, but the rest is trash at this point, wait for something better to come along."
,Not Recommended,304390,29935537,Posted: 14 February,all,"""Eighty-Eight Fingers"" Eddward","Disclaimer on hours: Played two sessions of closed beta and one in open totalling about 30hrs.PROS+Incredible gameplay with memorable moments+Strong graphics and some of the best animations I've seen.+An attempt at progression and skillines with loot, customization and feats for player retentionCONS-P2P hosting occasionally causes disconnects, in 1v1 players will just quit if theyre going to lose.-$60 Base Game + $40 Season Pass + $10-100 microtransactions + Pay-To-Win instead feat unlocks that'll put you significantly ahead of your level bracket with strong passives. The microtransactions ARE NOT cosmetic only in nature.- No cap on grapple attempts. In the frequent event of a 2v1, you'll be stuck being poked by someone while someone else spams grapple. There should be a maximum attempts limit that prevents you from being grappled after X attempts for Y seconds.-UBISOFT has miserable PC Ports, and its menu and UI can be miserable to navigate if you don't own a gamepad.Solid gameplay, not so solid company and structure."
76561198094650243,Not Recommended,304390,29934995,Posted: 14 February,all,vedevil5,"Game is really good, but whats the use of it if you cant play online. Matchmaking errors, getting kicked. If you want to buy the game, I'd suggest you wait for them to fix the server issues."
76561198031540451,Not Recommended,304390,29936078,Posted: 14 February,all,吴京 Wu Jing,The match Making is soo bad it can be a lvl 1 against a lvl 20
76561198250225568,Not Recommended,304390,29971128,Posted: 16 February,all,Lane,"Great game, but you can't ignore the connection problems.  If UPlay gets thier♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix the servers it will be a good game ( But lets face it, it's UPlay)."
76561198044261297,Not Recommended,304390,29953419,Posted: 15 February,all,FlaccidErection,Takes over 30 minutes to find a match and players would just leave when losing every match. Not to mention the game is super glitchy and definitely rushed. They fixed nothing from the beta
,Recommended,304390,30114044,Posted: 22 February,all,Belv,"A lot of misinformed people reviewing this game and tearing it apart because of their own ignorance to not actually look at the menus.First off there is an offline practice mode and there are bots despite some people saying that there isn't for some ridiculous reason.Yes, peer to peer isn't the best but for the most part has not been that BIG of a hinderance when playing a game.Yes, there are long waits sometimes for matchmaking and it needs to be fixed.Yes, the game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls for mouse and keyboard and it is obviously designed for a controller in mind.It is extremely well optimized and runs great for a game that people are calling a ""half♥♥♥♥♥port"".  You know it's funny how games like Dark Souls get away with♥♥♥♥♥♥poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥ keyboard and mouse controls but this game apparently is committing a huge sin for not having the best.  At least this game changed the button prompts to keyboard and mouse controls unlike ♥♥♥♥ing Dark Souls.In conclusion, game is great but does suffer from a lot of launch problems and other ♥♥♥♥ ups that they caused themselves like choosing peer to peer.  In my honest opinion the game is great and well worth the money I paid for the game but if you're on the fence and reading reviews for the game I'd say wait for a free weekend and try it out or just buy it at 50% off and even that should be well worth your money."
76561198041002482,Not Recommended,304390,29965415,Posted: 16 February,all,Bird Jaguar,"Well as most of the reviews say bad connections because of a lack of willing to spend money by ubisoft is thee only reason you should not buy this game.  A game that thrives on its multiplayer cant deliver servers or allow community hosted ones, you just have to be lucky the host has a good ISP."
76561198023490291,Not Recommended,304390,30054262,Posted: 20 February,all,[V]inny,"This was one of your few chances Ubisoft, that could've redeem yourselves but unfortunately you live up to the stigma that is left by your own doing.Made a really great potential game right here and yet you go and ♥♥♥♥ up by the following :Peer to Peer, someone will always have the advanatage when they're are the host of the game.NAT - this is the most cancerous thing you could've added to your game. Most players would only know the basic of installing the game and play. Portforwarding and making your players jump through hoops just to be able to play your game because you guys were too lazy to make it more easier for your players.Seasonal Pass? What for ? your game is barely playable and you're already trying to milk us for more money?I've refunded this game already. you guys had so much potential..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30056341,Posted: 20 February,all,luoluo,"Valve, I'm so sorry you had to go through the trouble of refunding my credits because of Ubisoft's mistake. I am so sorry."
,Not Recommended,304390,30264465,Posted: 1 March,all,Cool Kid,p2p op guardbreak
,Not Recommended,304390,29995466,Posted: 17 February,all,Mr.Krabs,"Terrible servers,took me 30 minutes to find 1 game, can't even join my friends lobbies either and we all have open NAT type.Gameplay is fun but server issues make it to bad to bear.3/10"
76561198145866748,Not Recommended,304390,30719095,Posted: 24 March,all,Rum,"This game is very fun, yet it seems 1/2 my play time is disconnet errors. I can't seem to play the online modes at all, ubi pls get servers that aren't just a bunch of lemons hooked up to wires."
,Not Recommended,304390,30736336,Posted: 25 March,all,Zombie Killa,"Ubisoft said:""even though its peer to peer there will be no host advantage.""But when the host experiences an issue with his internet for even a nanosecond everyone else gets kicked out except for the host and replaced with bots.And the bots have the brain of a 4 year old.The last straw for me was when I was disconnected from a singleplayer match while I was trying to complete the Knights story on realistic for the cosmetic gear in multiplayer, when I disconnected I thought I could reload my saves. But when i came back I had to restart the entire campaign on realistic because when the servers screw up everything else does.This game died faster than a kid in a wheelchair in the middle of a freeway."
,Not Recommended,304390,30814993,Posted: 29 March,all,ZiggityZeke,"Ubisoft, fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game and stop ignoring the community. For ♥♥♥♥s sake, this game has so much potential, too bad Ubisoft is a terrible company. Don't buy until they fix matchmaking, Peacekeeper, Warden, Warlord, and fix all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters. Oh wait, it's been a month since release and they haven't fixed♥♥♥♥♥♥ and still have micro transactions in a $60 game. Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,304390,29975633,Posted: 16 February,all,Foxy,"WARNING: At the current time this game is unplayably inbalanced!!!Unless you are 100% sure you want to play the same 1 or 2 combos over and over and over with the same hero do not buy this ""game""!I played closed and open beta and it was bad, but they made it worse by adding 3 more heros and now its SO unbalanced that one or two heros dominate the pvp and everyone else is getting ♥♥♥♥ed....And the matchmaking... dont even get me started... its a JOKE... you either get enemies that are terrible or ones that are godlike... good and balanced fights are so few and far in between and even if you get one, it only lasts 3 to 5 rounds and most people leave instantly if you win 1 round... and since you cant fight against friends in duel mode, theres no way to meet someone again once he left.Save your money, get it when its on sale for -75% in about 2 months..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30130045,Posted: 23 February,all,ｍｕｎｄｏｇ,"If you enjoyed any of the 4v4 battle modes in beta, you'll be unhappy to learn that its only gotten worst. P2p connections are still mind bogglingly attrocious with players now learning that they can leave games partway causing host migrations which ultimately don't work, forcing everyone to leave the match. I would estimate 50% of my games have ended with no rewards or exp being handed out because of this. This leaves the 1v1 or 2v2 modes as the only viable PVP options for any progression and at this games AAA price point, I would say its hardly worth.At this state, I should also mention the countless times I've been met with ""Unable to join the match. Error 0043560000"" after minutes of queueing.Get it on sale or get it when the server issues are finally addressed because it really is a fun unique fighter when it works but at in this state, I heartfully regret purchasing on release.PS: I would just like to add that the devs at Ubisoft have stated ""We are very aware that connectivity in general is a very big topic here and you should know it is truly our top priority here on the development team. There are a lot of different topics rolled into a topic as broad as connectivity, such as Matchmaking, NAT, Grouping, Stability, Join in progress, and more, each of which needs consideration when talking about the overall connectivity experience.""It is nice to know that a fix is actively being worked on, but its still a massive slap to the face when a game is released as always online (singleplayer included), only to have one of the most irritating online connectivity issues of games I've played in recent history."
76561198106864940,Not Recommended,304390,29960663,Posted: 16 February,all,Jegan94,"It would be a really good game if i could play it... But i keep getting kicked for inactivity, because the game doesn't detect my steam controller...PLEASE FIX THIS QUICK! It is almost unforgivable for such a big game! The funniest is that it was working great in beta...Ubisoft, Steam, do something about it! I gave you more than 150 euros to get the game and controllers, and it doesn't work...if it goes on like that, i'm gonna sue you, because at this point For Honor w/ sTeam controller is a real SCAM!!!"
76561198228794684,Recommended,304390,29997923,Posted: 17 February,all,Jesus,"I have a lot of fun when I'm actually able to get into a match, the problem is their matchmaking sucks. 4v4's are almost impossible to play all the way through due to disconnects. So, I mainly just play 1v1 and 2v2, which isn't a bad thing I guess. It's actually really intense, and very enjoyable. I'm incredibly torn, because if they figured out the networking it would be an incredible game. It's difficult to recommend with the buggy connections, but I find that the gameplay itself is good enough to help you look past that one main issue."
,Not Recommended,304390,30051472,Posted: 19 February,all,POWER BOTTOM,"Game has HUGE connectivity and matchmaking issues.Just wait and see if they fix their game. You can have 100 000 players online but yet matchmaking take 5-10 minutes to find 2 other people to play against... And when it matches you with them they're always higher level/reputation/have better gear than you, this is ridiculous.Please DO NOT BUY and wait on it, maybe they'll fix it, but knowing ubisoft, they probably wont lol."
,Recommended,304390,31621216,Posted: 8 May,all,Radical Boy,"There is a difference between a game being good and a game being fun. I cannot recommend For Honor saying that it is a good game. You will be constantly getting kicked out of multiplayer matches and occasionally be faced with unfair situations where there is nothing you can do but watch as your character dies. Since Ubisoft had it's hands in this, as I'm sure every other user review on this site will tell you, there's really not much that can be done in that regard. Along with that, the toxicity of the community is beyond comprehension, the vast majority of the time. However, even with all that in mind, I can't deny that For Honor is fun. It's enjoyable to fight against other players and feels rewarding when you win an uninterrupted battle. The combat system is quite good, even if it's sometimes abusable, in its current state. I can tell a lot of effort went into the creation of this and it truly seems like the developers genuinely just wanted to make a good game. I can't say they succeeded but, in any case, I can say they made something that's fun to play. I read a review once that summarized For Honor perfectly; ""Playing this game is like eating great steak with a plastic fork."" When it works and you have those moments of triumph, whether you outskill someone in a one-on-one duel or just throw a guy down a hole, you really don't regret your purchase."
76561198137996087,Not Recommended,304390,29973494,Posted: 16 February,all,[氷]Zero,"wait for conqueror blade it free to play -,-"
,Recommended,304390,31640968,Posted: 8 May,all,писк,"Alright I think I have enough playtime behind this game to give some kind of honest opinion of what I feel.I'm not gonna beat around the bush, I'm not going to say the same thing that everyone and their mother's have said be it microtransactions to ""Muh dedicated servers.""Short and simple:Good game, some elitest players.Most if any connection issues is based on the people you play with, not the services themselves. (P2P is a fighting game need, my friends)Ledge people if you want.Gank if you want.Get salty if you want.Rage quit if you want.The game is what you make it.Recommend for $60? Maybe.Recommend for a sale price? If you have the funds, yes.The community is making a slow recovery as it seems based on numbers, fourm and reddit activity as well as online players. I want to see this game succeed, I want to see this game make a return. But, bashing the game for the things that developers have been working on and are starting to respond to is just gonna kill it faster.Cheers,Ég ríf ykkur í bita"
,Not Recommended,304390,34188655,Posted: 12 August,all,RIX,"This game is good, no doubt.However, many contents of the game still cost very expensive - all of them are priced like a FREE TO PLAY game that we need hours of grinding if we don't want to spend any extra money. I pre-purchased the game before release and I feel like I am being robbed.In conclusion, aside from the lack of dedicated servers - which I heard that they finally wanted to implement after losing so many players - I think the in-game pricing for various stuffs are just too expensive for an already expensive game.You will feel robbed if you buy this game without waiting for an 80%-90% sale and expecting you won't be spending anymore real money once you buy it. Can't recommend it without at least an 80% off sale (except if they decrease the in-game pricing massively. Which won't happen)."
,Not Recommended,304390,29922950,Posted: 14 February,all,AsOiX,"This game is extremely imbalanced right now.There are clear choices in characters, and I literally want to play none of the overpowered ones.I can use the knight, but all you do is mash middle mouse, and what fun is that? This games honestly rage indusing and lacking because of imbalanced characters."
76561198146871603,Not Recommended,304390,30079551,Posted: 21 February,all,Harold (Matsu),"The matchmaking makes no sense + there are big problems of none fairpay players. that's sad it ruins my experience and make me want to quit this game. It is more frustrating than overwatch's rank but it is only some quick play well played, you can have fun either playing it unfair with no honor or playing against bots. and i forgot the ♥♥♥♥in assassins(aka spamassin) everywhere who won't let me have fun playing my lawbringer. Dumb♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,304390,30060610,Posted: 20 February,all,Salvation,Home to the worst daily quest system this side of SWTOR.
,Not Recommended,304390,29955570,Posted: 15 February,all,Kenny McCormick,"Bugisoft made it again. This fu***ing  game collapse everytime i tried to play it. I can't finish a single fu*** matchmaking. I have a good PC and the game drops to 15 fps. The p2p is killing the game, we deserve some fu***ing servers for Odin sake. We paid a lot for a game with summer pass, microtransactions and the need of been permanently connected.Beside the technical problems, the game is actually  good, you can have a lot of fun and the mechanics are interesting. But the problem is that if they want a competitive game they need to balance some things. I think that domination is unfair. You can be winning the game for 500 points and suddenly you loss all your puntuation in like 3 seconds and loss the game. The combat is good 1v1 but is you are 1v2 or more you are in trouble.I can´t recommend this game to anyone in this state."
,Not Recommended,304390,32959290,Posted: 28 June,all,pickle rick fan page,props to ubisoft for ♥♥♥♥ing up a game with this good of a concept
,Not Recommended,304390,30766725,Posted: 26 March,all,Jimmy0117,"Unfortunetly i found this game really disapointing, I was super hyped for this game and played heeps of the Beta. But there are just too many issues with the base game, the servers barely cope with 8 people (I play games that have come out in 2005 and can handle 200 people), there are heeps of bugs still in the game. The customization is pretty ordinary (although this is by far one of the best things about the game), the game is extremely reptitive and to top it all off it relies on micro transactions. Sorry but I would not recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have friends to play it with (its slightly fun with friends but eventually you all get bored of it)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30723108,Posted: 25 March,all,Varsinax,Its 2017 peer to peer is not excuseble anymore
76561198043053413,Not Recommended,304390,29973567,Posted: 16 February,all,Guts,Good game♥♥♥♥♥♥CompanyRuined their one ♥♥♥♥ing chance at investing in a decent IP and possibly even breaking into the esports scene♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft
,Not Recommended,304390,34173305,Posted: 11 August,all,The Funk Mann,"Gear Grind, Unbalanced Characters, Higher Level Players Have Advantage In Certain Gamemodes."
,Not Recommended,304390,32709205,Posted: 23 June,all,SrGravatas,"Ok lets be real, its a fighting game, but not a good one, first of all, it uses a peer to peer conection in a 8 players match, how do you expect to all the 8 people have a good conection between them??? Really ubisoft?? are you guys too dumb or too greedy??? i had a lot of fun with this game, but i was hoping they would have some respect for us and give us proper servers, well i was wrong..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30117191,Posted: 23 February,all,Domino,"This is a free-to-play game masquerading as a polished triple-A product with connection issues in frequency and severity even worse than a half-baked and abandoned early access game's. Ubisoft also did what Ubisoft does best, and somehow made it even buggier than the betas were. If you can get past all that, or you simply have the money to waste and don't care, the actual gameplay can be quite fun.P.S. stay away if you're the type who gets mad over environmental insta-kills, or attack patterns commonly perceived as spam, otherwise you're essentially paying $60+ to upset yourself."
,Not Recommended,304390,29964056,Posted: 16 February,all,scar,I was really excited about this game. Finally a AAA melee game with deep combat but unfortunately the greed induced item system totally ruins the game for anything except 1 v 1 and 2 v 2 duels. If you wish to play any other mode than that then the item system completely overwhelms if you can't pay to keep up. Of course if you're massively more skilled than the person who buys all boosts and farms top tier gear then you can still beat them but the much more common circumstance is that they are evenly skilled but with far greater stats. I cannot recommend this game to anyone who does not wish to solely pvp in very small scale duels.
,Not Recommended,304390,29963864,Posted: 16 February,all,௵Darkwraith Turk,http://steamcharts.com/app/304390#All
,Not Recommended,304390,30764662,Posted: 26 March,all,FutureHNDRXX,dont buy
,Not Recommended,304390,29965600,Posted: 16 February,all,☭Socialist Syntax☭,A connection error occured returning to title menu
,Not Recommended,304390,30052009,Posted: 19 February,all,Sykonro,"So, For Honor. Where do I begin? Ubisoft, somehow made EA look like the best gaming company on the planet. Their servers are so bad, I heard the AOL dial up theme when I tried connecting to the match with my friends, only to be disbanded. (This happens ALL THE TIME). This games learning curve, is REALLY hard. Fun to an extent. But hard. Not for casual players at all. Not to mention, the story, is TERRIBLE. It's a fun to play campaign, but the story itself is awful, it's so bad. It makes no sense and just has no plot to it, truly a forced story mode. The characters are not very diverse, and it will become very apparent, very quickly, who the OP champions are. I would NEVER reccomend this game to anyone honestly. Sure it's fun, but it's $20 game fun. NOT $60!!!!!!! Do not buy this seriously. It IS NOT worth $60. The servers are SO bad. If you even get to play, have fun having half your team replaced by AI, and of course they get rekt and you lose. Stay away from this game."
76561198084379296,Not Recommended,304390,29921026,Posted: 14 February,all,Ryraku,I love this game i played in the beta and got it out as soon as it was released. However it uses a p2p network not servers that lead to unbearable wait times and frustrating restarts of matchmaking. further more if it takes to long to make a game once you have a few people in your network it will fill the rest of the spaces with bots. With all this in mind it is impossible to pvp in this pvp oriented game.
76561198038985789,Recommended,304390,30499657,Posted: 13 March,all,Cyndre,"This is a first kind of review I have ever written, so expect some inconsistenties.As I write this I have almost 50 hours of gameplay on record. This is only in the finished game, although I also played in the open beta.Summary:- Connection ( the elephant in the room)- gameplay ( the reason you'd buy it in the first place)- Campaign ( it does exist)- PvP ( and the supposed unbalance)- conclusion--[ Connection]--The biggest issue with this game is obviously the way it's matchmaking works. You will hear many people complain about connection issues and occasionally lag ( I say occasionally because you have to connect in the first place to experience lag)For me however, this has not been the case, atleast not of a magnitude of which everybody else seems to be complaining.And I have dueled with the same person for up to two hours without any form of connection problem whatsoever on multiple occasions.Guess I have been lucky.The worst kind of connection issue you can experience is the neverending cycle, as the name suggests it does not end. you will be stuck in the ""synchronizing"" loop for all eternity until you close the game. not sure if it actually lasts for all eternity but I don't have the patience to find out.Do not misunderstand me, I am only pointing out potential problems, with emphasis on potential. I cannot guarantee you will experience them, nor can I guarantee that you won't.--[ Gameplay ]--to dispel a certain rumor: it is not glorified rock paper scissors.Quick list:-----standard------ light attacks and heavy attacks- dashes- feints/ heavy attack cancels- three directions- zone attacks- parries- guarbreaks and guarbreak cancel a.k.a. teching- stamina- health ( what? did you think I wouldn't state the obvious?)- executions (soooo bloody satisfying)-----specific------- combo's- unblockables- uninteruptables- shoves, throws, bashes, kicks, heatbutts and the occasional impalement ( looking at you lawbringer)- did somebody really think rock paper scissors covers that all? he must have played that differently from me thenanyhow, every character follows the same rules as stated under ""standard"". most of these are rather obvious and function as you'd expect.when you begin the game all of these will be handled in a tutorial after which you can opt to take the advanced tutorial to complete the standard list. (finishing either gives you steel, the in game currency, so highly advised you do)Every character behaves to a more or lesser degree different from another.which is good considering there are only 12 as of currently, let's hope the future ones will also live up to thatas a result you can be good with one and bad with the other, but as long as you understand the basics you can use any of them rather well after a small session of trainingthe best teacher however is simply trying combo's and tricks, this can be done online or against bots.these bots go from level 0 to 3.level 2 is probably a good example of the above average player and level 3 is just plain evil.however, the thing to note is that they are bots, as a result their guard is ussually quite a lot better than that of players.it is clear that every character is supposed to be balanced and are thus countered by some other character and counter some others themselves, this does not guarantee a win or loss.win or loss relies on skill a lot but also on luck, only when you are really good at reading your opponent does luck become less of a factor.--[ Campaign]--to put it simply, it is a tutorial wrapped in a straightforward but appreciable story. with some added treasure hunting which doubles as worldbuilding through narration.I believe it serves the game very well.there are three storylines, or campaigns.each as one of the three factions.you get to play as three characters of both the knights and vikings, but only two of the samurai.the game can be set on easy, normal, hard and realisticrealistic means no UI except for health and stamina, meaning you have to read the moves the ai is telegraphingI find that to be a rather usefull skill to have online, it does require you to understand the oponents character thoughcompleting the campaign on normal and higher will unlock customizations for certain chars, higher difficulty yields ofcourse more.--[ PvP ]--this is where most of your playtime will sink into, unless you have some big love for the campaign (or are hellbent on finding every collectable)Most important piece of note: Honor is a choice made by playerssince when have online players ever been consistently honorable in a game?just because the game is called For Honor people will not suddenly changeespecially in teammatches honor is something you should not expect your enemy or your team to havehowever, some of the best moments in the game have been when either or both were honorable.If the enemy however is not honorable, by all means feel free to throw them of a cliff.honor is truly great, but vengeance is a great substitute.now that that rant is over:you will have people of different character levels against one another.in the event you have three level 5 on your team against 4 prestige 5's ( level 101 till 120), it does not neccesarily mean they are more skilled than your teammates.levels are tied to characters, as a result your teammates can be higher leveled at other chars while the enemy has only played that specific char since release.have seen people of level 2 drill people of prestige 4 (level 81 to 100) into the ground and everyone else on their team too.what it does affect in the teamgames is gearstats, these can be altered through customization. this alters some of your stats. can cause the infamous revenge spam.--[conclusion]--is it a good game?yes, its gameplay is solid and satisfying.is it time consuming?matchtimes depend on the gametype but in general it is really addictingI believe you can always improve on every aspect of the gameplaydoes it have issues?connection for someare there rage factors?connection for some and certain chars ( I do so badly want to shove that spear down your throat nobushi)is it worth your money?if you like its gameplay and can thus allow time to slip between your fingers while playing, then sureas a piece of advise, if you do get bored, go try to master another character, it helps a lotin the end, the core of the game is solid and it is that which is worth your money.The connection issues can only become less while its core can not.if you are sceptic, but gaben blesses you during a sale with a discount on the game, I suggest you buy itI hereby end my review"
,Not Recommended,304390,34155630,Posted: 10 August,all,ImmortalRAGE,I saw zombies that we're more alive than this game...
,Not Recommended,304390,32706932,Posted: 23 June,all,SioTheSloth,Not worth your time.
,Recommended,304390,29981252,Posted: 17 February,all,Its_Batman,For Honor is amazing. Okay so the only problem i saw people facing is the server problem. Don't get me wrong but i did not face any server problem yet. And no i'm not calling other people liers here. Gameplay is amazing and graphics as well. Optimization is one of the best so far. I definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,304390,29965262,Posted: 16 February,all,Soulrez ✪,"MFW all the weebs and neckbeards take their autistic screeching from the battlefield to Steam reviews =.=Taking a break from liberating the holy land to bring you this review:For Honor has completely reinvigorated the fighting game scene. Best action, hack-n-slash, strategy game I have ever played. There's a hero to match everyone's play style. Do you like to tank in MMOs? Want toactuallytank hits? Try the Conqueror. Like Assassin's creed? Try Peacekeeper. Just want to play and bash people's brains in? Try the Warden.Honestly, there's a big learning curve. The first thing you should do is complete the story to get a feel for all of the heroes, and THEN do the AI matches - those AI are pretty challenging! Don't go into PvP not having learned the game and think you 360noscope everyone else.I see a lot of the complaints about microtransactions...Guess what? YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY STEEL TO BE GOOD AT THIS GAME. The only big ticket items are the cosmetics. All of the heroes can be unlocked with the Steel you get for completing the basic and advanced tutorials. Additionally, you can spend ~$20 to unlock all of the feats (skills) for your heroes, OR you can take 1-2 hours for each hero and level them to 21. This is more of a convenience factor, because it is extremely easy to unlock all the feats.I do agree with the other reviews on the connectivity issues. Sometimes my friend and I have to restart our games because there's an error with our connectivity or whatever. It's pretty annoying and Ubisoft definitely needs to address these issues.Overall, if you appreciate smooth AAA-graphics, like a good challenge, and aren't afraid of dying a lot, then this game is a must for you."
,Not Recommended,304390,29989098,Posted: 17 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros1:Great Graphics setting2.60fps++++Cons1:Disconecting from server(A connection error occured returning to title menu)2:Short Single player experience.you can finish the game on normal difficulty for 4 and a half hours(1 and a half hour for each faction)3:Barebone Gameplay(all you do is hack and slash and block attack)4:Character design for samurai is weird as hell.5:uninteresting story telling6:downright lying about crossplatform play.7:Price does not match the game(it's steet fighter 5 all over again)Conclusion:If You looking for single player story telling,you will be too disappoint in this title.Yes the game play is good,it is almost has the felling like playing chivary but it is not.the game have deep curve of learning for the combat part,battling AI is so predictable on normal in which you can know where to block and counter attack your enemy AI.For multiplayer part,i can say this is the worst one i've ever play.not only that it keeps me disconnected,i also have been getting this message alot while playing multiplayer""A connection error occured returning to title menu""i am only able to play 2 matches properlyThe fight system is really good imo, and the game is well optimized on PC.At its worst, For Honor can be massively frustrating, With three chapters and eighteen missions, the campaign serves as an extended tutorial, allowing you to refine your combat skills before seeking out human opponents. It does a pretty good job of covering the basics though advanced tips and tricks are off the table.Was It worth the 60 bucks(i get the deluxe edition):For me, Is a definitely a big NONO.i do not mind the short single player.and i know the game is heavily PVP focus.but with this quality of server(which i get constantly disconnected from it).i kindly hard to justify my purchase. Another thing i must say the game is short on content and hardly had any replay value for simgle player mission.My Final VerdictA 2/5 and a thumbs down.Yeah the game is fine and i do not encounter serious issue here.the reason why i downvoted this is the lack of content and P2P server as a joke. if you here for single player experience better look elsewhere and i am very disappointed in it.Not only the multiplayer not working as intended and the lack of single player content,geting this game at a full price retail  Not a ""honourable"" way to do things. probably worth 15bucks or less until they fix the multiplayer and add more single player content first."
,Not Recommended,304390,29964069,Posted: 16 February,all,█▂ █▂█ █▂,"Not worth for what it is.-You have to always be online, even in campaign. (It will kick you to main menu while in the middle of campaign when you lose connection)-Kind of short campaign, and easy. (Played on the realistic difficulty which is the hardest) Finished it in 6-7 hours.-Lack of content for what the game costs. Game makes me feel like I was ripped off. And there is a season pass which I won't be getting.-no animations for reviving people. You just stand next to them.-All of the cannon fodder (soldiers) look the same. for example all vikings have the same beard. looks ridiculous-Only 3 types of helmets for Vikings? All of them have horns? Why isn't there an option without the horns.-Very grindy. You get around 40g a game. Same with upgrading your gear. You need to salvage around 8 armor pieces before you can upgrade 1 for 1 level up to 6 which increases each time you upgrade.-Unbalanced. Knights can stun you and perform a heavy attack while Vikings (Raiders) can't. There is that 2 one-handed axe viking that just dodges all your attacks (a.k.a. does the spiderman move to the side) and spams 2 attacks which you cannot do anything against because of the delay (when I chose a side to swich to block from he already attacked me and is now attacking from different direction to which you cannot switch because you switched already and when you take damage you cannot switch straight away, there is a little delay).And many many more which I can't be bothered to write...I'd say. Wait until the price drops to around £10-£20 then get it. It is a rip off right now."
,Not Recommended,304390,29922571,Posted: 14 February,all,Skulleater,"As long as they don't get us some proper servers instead of this P2P crap, I won't recommend this game. It's a great game, but playing with my friends is awful. Every single game, at least one of us gets kicked. You just get a stupid message saying, ""error"". That's it. You don't get xp and you can't rejoin the battle. WTF!Your team just ends up getting a bot, and you can't rejoin? Why the hell not??? Any other random player can fill the spot, why can't you?Seriously Ubisoft wtf?My internet is insanely fast and stable. Never have any issues and my friends have the same internet provider + speed.The mechanics are nice, the combat is cool, the things you can change on every individual hero are pretty cool. The game is just a lot of fun apart from some balancing issues (Shugoki OP) but the connection ruins it all. Since I started playing, around 25% of all my matches have been full of lag, host switches (which causes the entire game to freeze up for a second, no matter what you're doing) or even disconnects.So Ubisoft, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, don't be so greedy and give us good servers."
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,304390,29949388,Posted: 15 February,all,Lioncash,"Never in this state.39.99 for a AAA game with a CASH SHOP. PURCHASABLE CURRENCY.It's buggy as hell. Half the mechanics don't work or have been made worse by ""fixes"" made after beta.Constant disconnections, slow response times for commands, ridiculous spammable attacks, attacks that can't be dodged from any direction. The list goes on and on and on. This product needs MAJOR love. It could have been so beautiful but instead it's let down by mediocre maps, limited game modes and repetitive game play."
76561198059671405,Not Recommended,304390,30020920,Posted: 18 February,all,Salaminizer,Gameplay is fine but when it matches you with ppl who are 20 level higher than you it feels like theres nothing you can do also peer to peer
76561198063582799,Recommended,304390,29973410,Posted: 16 February,all,Sauron,It has very great gameplay. Its bloody. Lots of action. I dont give a ratts behind about the microtransactions and the negative reviews. Buy it! This is the future of a new generation!
,Not Recommended,304390,30688696,Posted: 23 March,all,Etherion,1. Great Game2. Nice UI3. Best Medieval Fighting Style Game (Specially for Multiplayer)Could be one of the best game of the year if not for this single error (which is fatal)But what is that one big mistake that I've puut my thumbs down and wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this game?-Simple.. It does not let you play multiplayer because of Its poor servers...
76561197967074505,Not Recommended,304390,30253014,Posted: 28 February,all,p33k-@-b00,"This game has WAAAAAAAY too many bugs to play at the current.Lets set aside the Pay-to-Win mentality that Ubisoft went with on this game for a minute and actually discuss network connections problems and ingame fighting/class problems.This game has a Peer to Peer connection, so be prepared for dropped connections, laggy games, and reconnects that set the game state back 10-20 secs. This means the guy you just killed, yea, hes back and he knows what you did to kill him....so 'Round 2! FIGHT!'Ingame fighting is okay on the overall because of the timing and direction based attacks....but pair that with P2P connection and you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. Wanted to break that guard break? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wanted to parry that slow left swing? Not gonna happen. Did you block that swing? Logs says you didnt. This becomes normal, get used to it.Gear is broken. Just broken beyond belief. Max out that attack and double your damage per hit. Max out your Revenge meter and get that♥♥♥♥♥♥to last forever. Max out your revenge damage bonus and two shot everyone! Ubi dropped the ball hard on that, and they dont see it as an issue. 'Get Gud!' becomes the mainstay answer to every issue you have, it apparently doesnt matter that you can buy this gear with real money with Ubisofts money grab with their microtransactions. *This is a serious issue, that no one is talking about and needs to be addressed.*In-game combat? Guard break spam, Bleed damage and Throwing people off ledges are the most common ways to die.Honorable 1v1's don't exist so get used to 1v2 or 1v3 pound town with one person spamming guard break and the others just constantly hitting overhead power attack.This game has potential, To be honest I will continue to play, but just because I hate to lose and am stubborn as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I would not recommend this TO ANYONE. If you're going to waste your time on a game, or destress when you're off from work, this isnt that game. *edited* You're going to rage more at this game than any other game you've ever played, even darksouls.**Edited: Let me clarify this again, people are buying steel and purchasing the best gear in the game after already buying a $60 game. It's creating an unbalanced game, but ubisoft doesnt care because its making them money. Seriously, Dont buy this game.*"
,Not Recommended,304390,30047963,Posted: 19 February,all,Gritzenizer,"The decision by Ubisoft to impliment peer to peer connectivity and disregard dedicated servers for a AAA like this ruins the experience in my opinion,"
76561198008387572,Not Recommended,304390,30846772,Posted: 30 March,all,ArcheDemonm,"Balancing patches take ages to deploy. At this rate they will make FH 2 sooner then fix the first one.Generally, playing this game is an exercise in frustration.EDIT: And still is."
76561198025311980,Not Recommended,304390,30343454,Posted: 5 March,all,Indextrous,"P2P in 2017, where the game is dependent on microsecond decision/reaction rates, that can speak for itself. Ubisoft also doesn't know how to match queue fairness, after 3 games consecutively with the opposing team being 97+ gear scored, compared to the other, starting out with 5-10 (please for the sake of god, do not automatically extend our skill range during queue, just to find a game). #whenyouwanttotryoutnewcharactersyougetbutt****causeofubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30341873,Posted: 5 March,all,Survivor_Forever,This game is like any other ubisoft multiplayer. Garbage. Like rainbow six seige too. You have to put it so much effort to understand the game mechanics its just not even fun. You should be able to atleast get past the *frequent crashes. Not only that but you can vs a prestige 1 once you start playing just like in rainbow six seige. Now who wants to play a game that has terrible matchmaking? I personally don't.
,Not Recommended,304390,30347841,Posted: 5 March,all,Pronecrophiliac,There are major problems with this game even agyer going through two betas although it has noticeable improvments like alot less crashes its peer to peer system ruins most of anyof the problems they had fixed and thats not all there is still the other countless problems like errors intense lag and blurry dark screens long loading screen's not receiveing rewards at the end of games and many more. But the game was tons of fun and a great idea if inly something other than ubisoft had made it so that problems like these would be fixed or have ever happened.
76561198039937996,Not Recommended,304390,30051321,Posted: 19 February,all,Michael,"Let me preface this game with a simple sentence, Ubisoft is probably the worst company on the planet, and it is incredible that once again I've been suckered into buying a game that was good in the beta. I've bought too many of their terrible games, all typically based around medeival combat.To start off, we'll go with the fact that the idea of this game is brilliant, however, Ubisoft has already proven it's gross incompetence with this game, and I'll explain how.We start off with the Closed Beta, to which I was a participant. The Valkyrie, the Shugoki, and the Lawbringer were all locked during this session, and made unavailable to play. From the beginning, it was clear there were bugs to be worked out, the bleed and poison effects of assassins being too potent, the AI's being set to permanently too easy, and other glitches, such as weapons warping through people who slid back. At this point in time, most classes could fight one another on equal terms, I mained Warden, and was fairly good at it, able to participate in team fights or duals with a win ratio of over 80%.I hoped to see the game grow at that point in time, but when it came to the Open Beta, it became clear that the developers had little to no idea what they were doing. Phantom hits became more prominent, and shields became able to take on entire teams. I still thought this would be my game, and pre-ordered it ahead of time.Upon release, I actually had quite some fun. I switched to the Lawbringer, as the Warden became less armored, more dodgey. For a week I was able to participate in all styles of combat, duel or otherwise. Then, the meta became quite clear. Lawbringers are underpowered due to their inability to enact stuns, or move quick enough to parry fast attacks from assassins. Moreso, the fact that all classes were having difficulty with the Peacekeeper, the Beserker (who is unplayable at later prestiges), and especially the Orochi. The Orochi, on no stamina, can swing an overhead hit, and beat an opponent who has swung a similar heavy attack, first. The Peacekeeper's poison is spammed, as is most left-click tactics. All heavy attacks are impossible to use, as they are parried infinitely, resulting in the loss of stamina, and the inability to stand up, as most of those classes have ready to use knockdowns. Add this to the fact that on release, the Shugoki can swing an unbreakable that is quite literally, unbreakable, as there is no parry indicator or ability, and the pile of bugs and ""balance"" notes keeps piling up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVecAjlIkYQ&t=233sSeriously, this game is a mess, don't buy it. Ubisoft just f*cked us all over again for another piece of crap that could've been good. Funny thing is, even though the Peacekeeper's poison is fixed currently, they're going to patch it, to make sure that you can lose three bars of health to her.I may keep playing it, but it's only stress, I may as well play against AIs, at least those you can fight without getting spammed."
,Not Recommended,304390,30125095,Posted: 23 February,all,Bearichello,"While originally I made a positive review, but ubisoft, you gremlins are taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of us.On the surface this game has absolutely amazing gameplay, but plagued by so many damn connectivity issues and bugs.I honestly just can't get over how damn bad the matchmaking issues and connectivety are in the game. It actually baffles me how they released this in the current state. Don't get me wrong, when you play a full match and connect perfectly, it's fantastic. But with that said, the matchmaking is so damn poorly designed it hurts.To begin:-Stop giving us these huge gross errors with codes, do we really want to see this error blatantly flashed at us every 5 seconds. Maybe make it smaller and towards the top of the screen, or just simply not show us at all. It's bad design having us look at errors 90% of the time, and for christs sake just requeue us if and error pops during joining.-Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft is about as transparent as a lactose intolerant induced dump after taco bell with the faction wars. We literally know nothing other than the fact there's a reward for the winning faction at the end (but is there smaller rewards, other incentives before the end, etc).-Yes we get it, your P2P is superior to other P2P, but at what cost? The player base is clearly sick of skips, rubberbands mid fight causing unwarranted deaths, and just blatant d/c's cause some salty salter decides to leave.-Load times into matchmaking. Here we have one of my most hated things. Is it a p2p thing? is it someones computer being run by a wheel and a one eyed marmoset? You guessed it, we'll never know.tl;dr: I aboslutely love the games gameplay and character depth, but I can't strongly recommend this game till it's stable at all, and out of this big wet garbage state."
76561197965391482,Not Recommended,304390,30465929,Posted: 12 March,all,SHinOCk,"PROS:-Game has great potential for competitive play-Awesome combat system and general mechanics-Game looks really good and plays smooth when everything goes wellCONS:-RIDDLED WITH GAME BREAKING BUGS-You will get ejected from your party every game or 2 if you play with friends-You will be forced to alt-f4 a couple times in a 1 hour session and with the time it takes to reload, i hope you put that♥♥♥♥♥♥on an SSD-The matchmaking is so horrible and broken that youll get paired more than 50% of the time with players not even Rep 2 with 10-30 gear lvl against a team decked out in Rep 3-5 in 78-108 gear lvl-The gear literally breaks the game to anyone that is not maxed out or close to it in every game mode but Duel/Brawl-Because of the gear, you are kind of obligated to play only 1 character to max it out asap so you can be competitive in 3 out of 5 game mode-Some classes are really unbalanced from seriously overpowered to total♥♥♥♥♥♥not even worth using even if they are fun to play (and its only exacerbated by how unbalanced the gear is)-The guys at Ubisoft are reaaaaaaally slow at fixing their stuff or at being transparent as to what the hell is happening.Thats it, Even though i really love the potential this game has, i really can't recommend it to anyone in its current form for the PC because of the many problems you would encounter trying to play it. It seems to be a habit now for ubisoft to give us games filled with bugs to the point its nearly unplayable. If they end up fixing everything, this game easily deserve an 8.5/10 but in its current state, i cant give it more than a 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,30187512,Posted: 25 February,all,123,"Graphically, I think this game is amazing! The gameplay also is (for the most part) great. It's skill based, and pretty intensive concerning the controls and feel.butthis game feels like it pisses off both sides of the aisle. One the one hand, all the ""4 honor"" types that focus on duels and 1v1, hate gear score and feats..... on the other hand, alot of the rest of us (me included) believe that with time there MUST be some reward, some perk, some edge for the hours we put in. The notion that EVERY soldier in the history of man had the same stamina, health, power, defense, etc is rubbish.which ever way Ubisoft goes.... will likely cause problems with big swathes of their playerbase.As it is right now, For Honor is great at soaking up a few dozen hours (<100) of gameplay. But then you realize that it is way to shallow. If you focus on 1v1 duels, you will find it monotonous and aggrivating that there is no difffernce between your class with ""X"" level.... and that of a 5 minute old cheese class. But if you focus on dominion and eliminations (providing the vocal minority doesnt get their way and feats and gear are removed) you will likely feel pigeonholed into 2 game modes over, and over, and over, and over.and this is not even TOUCHING the connection problems this game is INFESTED with.I like the game... but it is too shallow to be gvien any real signifigant playtime to in its current form."
76561197981687353,Not Recommended,304390,30742587,Posted: 25 March,all,Zodiac,"The game has amazing mechanics, graphics, and combat.However, at the moment the game is plagued with constant disconnects. It doesn't matter what game mode you're playing (single player, multiplayer - even against just bots that you're hosting) there are constant disconnects. I regularly will duel a bot, only to be booted. If I manage to complete the match, it doesn't give me my XP and rewards and I lose connection. I haven't successfully completed a duel against a bot or person in the last 40 matches I've tried. Most of the multiplayer matches I successfully complete are games that I joined in the middle of or near the end. I don't recommend buying this game until they fix these constant disconnects. When (if) they do, it will be one of the best and most enjoyable games you own!"
76561198129190890,Not Recommended,304390,30334242,Posted: 5 March,all,sovereign,Game is fantastic then it works BUT problems that come with it don't make it worth full retail price+Gameplay is really in depth+Graphics are fantastic+Every duel is entertaining full of adrenaline+Every fighter has their own playstyle-Matchmaking is horrible putting new players against top tier players-Peer to peer connections make the game annoying at times with really frequent host migrations-24/7 DRM You cant launch the game without connecting to Uplay servers-Gear you get after each match is overpowered at top tier in 2 out of 5 gamemodes AND you can buy packs for gear via microtransactions to gamble and hope you get a piece of gear you want-Singleplayer is weak
76561197964491806,Not Recommended,304390,30289563,Posted: 2 March,all,Sigmoo XI,Until Ubisoft fixes their servers do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30364318,Posted: 6 March,all,spongekake,A very fun and addictive medival fighting game but it has too many connection problems.
,Not Recommended,304390,30830019,Posted: 30 March,all,Byzant,"Went from an enjoyable experience during the beta to an unpolished mess. Due to the nature of people themselves, they abuse the broken mechanics in game and ruin what was supposed to be rewarding, skill-based play. Oh, and the peer-2-peer connection in multiplayer is the cherry on top.I still play to get my moneys worth because I, unfortunately, paid for the Gold Edition of the game out of hype. Otherwise, I cannot really recommend that you get this game to attempt to have fun in PvP. The story campaign was decent..."
76561198076366802,Not Recommended,304390,30364391,Posted: 6 March,all,Akelios,Im suprised i've put 13 hours into this game with constant controller and desk banging with the terrible matchmaking ex ) level 13 vs 11th prestiged Lawbringer. Game was in a better state in Beta.
,Not Recommended,304390,30969996,Posted: 5 April,all,Ông Cu,"So basically, ubi staff are all PC master Race and are kicking me out of the game because i have less than 30FPSWell ♥♥♥♥ing done ubishit"
,Not Recommended,304390,30156856,Posted: 24 February,all,ionknight,"The game isn't that bad, it's actually pretty good. The story is pretty okay at best, but the servers are pretty terrible."
,Not Recommended,304390,30157051,Posted: 24 February,all,DESSERTMANIA,2/3 of my friends cant even open the game. The time you waste on connect to server is 80% of your gameplay time. Good job ubisoft. Might be my first time refund a game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30232481,Posted: 27 February,all,「WINTER MANTIS」,"My positive opinions on For Honor: The actual meat of the combat is phenominal. It's an interesting take on fighting game contrivances and the different characters are more than flat reskins. The fantasy of knights against vikings against samurai is too good to pass up. The controls feel response but take a bit of getting used to. The idea of an inter-faction, cross-platform metagame has appealed to me since the days of MAG on the PS3.The negative: God does Ubisoft know how to make a good thing go bad. Gear that affects stats is an immense mistake and basically locks me out of playing the 4x4 modes. P2P matchmaking is not a great system compared to dedicated servers but might make the game last a little longer. It's just a shame that the developers took a combat system that feels so good and wrapped it in a shell that simply fails to live up to anything.I can't in good faith recommend the game until the glaring issues are addressed, which is an absolute shame."
,Not Recommended,304390,30350072,Posted: 5 March,all,Kuroi,"For honor, is legit a peice of garbage, sure COMBAT IS GREAT! But you're playing a game with the most toxic community more than LoL, its insane. the servers barely ♥♥♥♥in work half the time, and the other time you will just go and kill yourself its amazing."
76561198007127240,Not Recommended,304390,30349375,Posted: 5 March,all,Theasion,"I've never written a review of a game on here before, which might tell you how strongly I feel about this one. Largely I keep my opinion of games to myself. I don't need to jump on a hate or a hype bandwagon, if I like something I like it if I don't I don't.With For Honor I've both fallen into and out of love with the game. For my first 20-30 hours of multiplayer gameplay I was addicted. I loved the cut and thrust, the almost cerebreal way you had to out think your oponent. Every class seemed good in it's own right. Some where hard countered by others but that was fine. Some seemed to have steap learning curves but they seemed to pay off for it.After about 30 hours though, everything starts to change. The ""fun"" of the game seems to just start to seep away. More an more players you encounter are less concerned with playing the game than exploiting bad character design. You end up with the nonsense of vortex spam, characters that physically cannot change guard fast enough to block other characters, throw abilities that leave enemies a fraction too far away to be followed up on. The is always the loud cry of ""git gud"" but this phrase almost always seems to be accompanied by learning excessivly difficult ways of countering what is in essence bad hero design.Fights begin to change from a situation where if you win you might say ""ha, good fight"" to instead ""screw you"" because you managed to beat someones exploit or the one single cheese strategy that they had to propel them higher. This is an issue that becomes increasingly pronounced as the diversity of heroes start to change. Teams ever increasingly becoming almost a constant mix of assasins and Wardens.This is a direct result yet again of bad hero design. In balance in fighting games, and similar games like MOBAs, will always have imbalance. In reality that is a good things. Some units or heroes or characters, what ever you call them, may have an exceptional learning curve that makes them ""bad"" in the hands of those not devoted to them. The pay off to this is those who do chose to dedicate the time tend to reap great results with these characters. They can do and exploit what few others can and it gives them an enjoyable niche in gameplay.For Honor does not do this. The simple reality is, some classes require tremendous skill simply to match a performance others could achieve with a mediocre level of proficiency. The time spent is not rewarded.This all builds to each game getting ever and ever more frustrating. Victories are sour and defeats, far from being rage inducing just become the mental equivalant of a sigh. A ""what's the point"" kind of feeling.Most reviews have covered in game currency, the incredibly poor connectivty and the f2p design elements and these all eventually contribute to the player feeling let down, and it's the worst kind of let down. Not disapointment that the hype train yet again was wrong, or you didn't get as many hours out of it as you wanted. The dissapointment of a game you grew to love, and then a game it became icredibly difficult to.I hope, beyond hope, in a few months time For Honor may have delt with these problems so I can fall back in love with it. If that does happen, I'll no doubt edit or delete my review. Sadly at this junction, I can't recomend it."
76561198019322574,Not Recommended,304390,30824209,Posted: 29 March,all,Flubbergust,Game is awful. The gear makes this game awful.
76561198009567476,Not Recommended,304390,30336509,Posted: 5 March,all,Unhacka Bubble,its a good game bt the servers are terrible i havent played a full game in ages and its getting annoying
76561198041147508,Not Recommended,304390,30662325,Posted: 21 March,all,thomas.ed16,"This truly is an amazing game, the combat system is like no other and when playing the beta it was everything i wanted in a video game. Buying the game and after owning it a couple of weeks it was great, I literally could not get enough. I took a few weeks of a break to play some other games and now the game is complete cancer. It's not the game it's the community.. the players each pick a class that they can exploit certain movesets and repeat them over and over locking your character. Like is said i do not blame the game because this wasn't a problem from the start but now the community has gotten so toxic it makes the game hard to get enjoyment out of. The only real fun i get now is basically out of the 2v2 and 1v1 game modes. Even though in some of those you will still run into that one player who loves to exploit cheap methods to winning. So i thank the community for ruining such a great game.."
,Not Recommended,304390,30909886,Posted: 2 April,all,Evy-chan,TIFU by pre ordering this gameLPT don't pre order games
76561198210299900,Not Recommended,304390,30047902,Posted: 19 February,all,WatchForYan,"i have been getting kicked out of every single dominion match for the past 29 mins. i've now seen a new frustration level inside of me i didnt know existed.p2p sucks. i cant believe a game this good doesnt have its own servers? still feels like beta to me tbhif this continues i might just request a refund. :(EDIT- I found out that the reason for a lot of disconnections during games were due to a lot of hackers 'dropping' players out of games, as the game is P2P if the hacker is the host he can 'kick' players from the game, P2P is now also a security issue not just a connectivity issue as it also gives these hackers our IP addresses. All due to lack of dedicated servers. GJ ubisoft.heres a link from with direct info concenering what ive highlighted above.http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1583329-Why-you-should-use-a-VPN-when-you-play-For-Honoreven tho the game has issues, its still high up on my list of the best games of 2017 so far."
76561198142475417,Not Recommended,304390,30696289,Posted: 23 March,all,hockeyob,For the love of God do not buy this game. It is disappointment at the cost of 60$
76561198067550855,Not Recommended,304390,30702399,Posted: 24 March,all,nosty,"I absolutely love the gameplay and the story is pretty fair.Just make sure to reserve 80% of your game time into searching for a match (even when there's ""Very High Activity"") Adding on try not to take your eyes off the screen even when loading because I crash at least 4 times before I actually play a game. The moment you synchronize during a match you won't even be able to open your task manager at times.For the time being I'll still play, but damn do I hate wasting time just to play a single match.Props out to Ubisoft for screwing up on yet another game with great potential."
76561198007819953,Not Recommended,304390,30288221,Posted: 2 March,all,npkrol13,"This is my first game review ever and I am doing this more to make sure this gets out there, which it seems like it already has. The game itself has amazing graphics, and awesomely original concept, and overall fun... when you can actually play. The matchmaking system is absolutely terrible. Try to join a game with very high activity, or so it tells me, and it will never find players. How in the hell can a game like battlefield find 60 plus players in no time at all but this game struggles for 30 minutes to find one other player to duel against? I really hope ubisoft addresses this and does something because it is a really fun game, when you can actually play.I would recommend this game if they simply solved the server issues."
76561198073597262,Not Recommended,304390,30154692,Posted: 24 February,all,Raedik,Love the game but it takes FOREVER to find a lobby with sometimes several error messeges sending you back to the main menu. Once a game is found and started there is a high chance of getting kicked due to connection issues or even low FPS for some reason. Inviting people to parties is just as difficult as it aften removes all players upon entering a lobby. I was kicked for having to low FPS at the very end of a game causing loss of ALL the XP from the match. Again I love the game but cannot recommend it in the broken state it is in.
,Not Recommended,304390,30110283,Posted: 22 February,all,A Coffee Table,"This isn't like other negative recommendations because of the p2p. I wouldn't recommend this game because of what it turns into after a certain point and multiple other things. Once you hit reputation one (basically prestige which you hit at level 20) you'll start to get matched with people way higher level than you which will result in rather frusturating games. Many of these higher levels play in a certain way which in my opinion makes the game not very fun. By that point, blocking normal attacks is very easy and one of the only ways to get hits in is to stun your enemy with a guard break. This eventually becomes the only way you can fight, just ""stun locking"" people until they either run away or die (at least in my experience or should I say the majority of the matches I've played). It's a lot similar to Chivalry (not the combat) to where once you hit level 15 you will meet people who play in very annoying ways. Like I said before almost everyone past a certain point has learned to fight like this because it ends up being the only way to kill people. For me it made the game less fun and more frusturating to the point where I just don't want to play. There's a lot of other problems like ""revenge mode builds"" where you can abuse game mechanics to almost always being able to go into a state where you have more health and do extra damage. Right now there's just a lot of problems with the combat, if you want a good medieval game with fun combat and balanced gameplay I would recommend Mount and Blade: Warband. I don't have a reveiw for it but the amount of hours I have on my account can speak for itself. For Honor does have a good concept however, and I really would like to see some minor changes to the combat to fix these issues. Maybe remove the icon that tells you where an attack is coming?TL;DR There's a lot of issues with the combat that makes the game not very fun at some of the higher levels similar to Chivalry. This game has a lot of potential but right now I would recommend Mount and Blade: Warband"
76561198177145457,Not Recommended,304390,30358926,Posted: 6 March,all,shot by cops,this game is terrible the idea is nice but for the most part its matchmaking is broken doesnt work at all gb counter rarely works and in general the game is complete trash
76561197999761506,Not Recommended,304390,30047079,Posted: 19 February,all,HaploTR,"The game has a lot of promise, but it's too console-centric. The motions, the controls, the camera controls are all very console-esque, and I mean that in the worst way possible. Blocking is crucial, and yet with a mouse you're almost guaranteed to not have your blocking motion detected, regardless of your sensitivity settings. Compound that with the fact that attacks from certain characters are pretty much uninterruptable (I'm talkind 3, 4, and 5-hit attacks), the only way to safely attack an opponent is if you have 3 to 1 odds.I don't know, maybe playing it with a controller is way easier, but if you're going to design a game to have a s hitty experience on PC, why even make a PC port? (I know, I know, the answer is money, but that's s hitty answer)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30401808,Posted: 8 March,all,Blurocks von Habsburg,"I liked this game a lot, played it soooo muchThen it was released, and everything ♥♥♥♥ed upIf only I could refund this pile of buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,304390,30219678,Posted: 27 February,all,A Down Syndrome Tiger,"I'll be honest, I love this game and despite the COUNTLESS issues I still have trouble putting it down (and by putting it down I mean smashing my monitor against the wall). It has great mechanics and a wonderful style to it that Dark Souls fans can fit right at home in. The problem is that it was made by Ubisoft. Due to their ""new innovative"" peer to peer mesh system that they used for the game, there are no dedicated servers, but instead it connects each player to one another and essentially ""meshes"" everyone's connection as one. This system makes it so that everyone's IP address is shared to everyone else's in the match. Major secuirty flaw, and that's just for starters. Because this game takes breakneck timing during battle, this system makes it impossible. If one person has a bad connection, then everyone in the match does. The game is already plagued by lag switchers and people disconnecting and reconnecting to the match and it often results in the game attempting to resync and failing. Ubisoft even stated that with their system that there is no host advantage. Bullsh|t. There are still numerous bugs with the game, horrible matchmaking properties and the classes are pretty imbalanced. Seeing as how Ubisoft is in denial about the inner workings of their own system, this potentially amazing title will most likely be left by the wayside and become plagued by hackers and laggers. We've seen this kind of thing happen before and Ubisoft doesn't exactly have the kind of reputation to prove otherwise. Don't buy this game. At least not in the current state it is in. You'll hate yourself for becoming addicted to it and being forced to be subjected to mental masochism."
76561198056244134,Not Recommended,304390,30421120,Posted: 9 March,all,AbolishedShadow,"Hours of frustration, moments of fun.Gear is a joke in this game. Getting consistently matched against people who have played 5x as much as you have is not fun. Not only are they usually more experienced than you, they usually have 5x the gear level than you which is just strait up insult to injury. I understand a skilled player with level 20 gear can win against one with 108 and I have done this from time to time, but an average player is going to be consistently at a disadvantage when a person with better gear can enter revenge (a mode that gives infinite stamina, extra armor, damage, and defense) earlier and more often than the person with low level gear. The way matchmaking works now is they put you into a game, and then you pick your character. This makes it impossible to have everyone around similar level because you could pick your prestige 5 character with level 108 gear or your level 2 guy with level 7 gear. In my opinion they should make it so you have to pick a character first and then match you against opponents with similar gear levels. That would make it a lot less punishing to try a new character.Duel and Brawl I play pretty much exclusively because it is the only modes that don't use gear and when I lose I know its because my opponent was better than me. The one thing that leaves a bit of a sour taste is how I have trouble preforming guardbreak counters in multiplayer. The key word is in multiplayer. I have practiced against level 3 bots and I'm able to counter the majority of the time. When I go into multiplayer I'm lucky if I can do it every now and then. I have encountered opponents that do nothing but guardbreak and then attack, and I will sit there with my finger on the button waiting for it and still fail to counter, while my opponents never fail. I'm tempted to say its a connection issue and its messing with my timing but I cant know for sure since there doesn't seem to be a way to list your ping in games. If I take a speed test I register 17ms ping, 33Mbps down, 6Mbps up, in Overwatch I have a stable ping of 20 that I've rarely seen go over thirty. I'm ready to admit that I'm just terrible at countering. Its just frustrating how in practice against a bot its much easier. Even when a friend and I went into a duel together and asked him to just guardbreak it was more difficult.Add to that a sub par story (that was just checking a box to justify the price), connection issues that are still present though less frequent than launch, and the occasional crashing. I just cant recommend the game in the state that its in. For me I'm done playing this game. I'm just not enjoying my time anymore, you can only play the same mode so much until you just burn out on it. Ill probably come back in a few months time to see if they fixed the gear issues or see if they came to their senses and got a server instead of peer 2 peer connections, but until then I've spent enough time in this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30801173,Posted: 28 March,all,Boosted animal (for real),"Really good game but the devs and Ubisoft are riding it down into the ground with max speed.No balance changes even though some classes literally get banned from tournaments because they are so broken, no servers (peer to peer is awful) and EXTREMELY costly microtransactions to look prettier.Wouldn't recommend it right now."
,Not Recommended,304390,30891267,Posted: 1 April,all,Toxifrost,"For Honor is a fantastic game. The developers are fantastic. What really screws the game over is Ubisofts corperate greediness towards this game. They show no love for their community and the game severely suffers from it. Now, I normally only play the 1v1 duels, I think theyre the best part of this game and I've never had any connection issues or errors with them. The gameplay is fun, intense, and just a really great experience. I haven't finished the story yet but from what I've played its very interesting. HOWEVER  I recently started stepping into the 4v4 elimination modes and I have yet to actually complete a game. Its absurd. The fact that a company this large can ♥♥♥♥ up netcode in their game THIS MUCH is astounding. As it stands I cannot reccomend anyone give Ubisoft any more money from this game. Wait untill they fix the glaring issues this game has then pick it up. Like I said the game is fantastic but Ubisofts attitude is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198019415197,Not Recommended,304390,30341560,Posted: 5 March,all,"Poyick ""The Doctor""","♥♥♥♥ P2P system....it's not okay, that I can only enjoy the game if I am the host of the game, otherwise ppl will teleport, and I won't be able to counter guardbreak, because in those crucial moments, we see different things, so I cannot respond quickly enough...GGWP"
,Not Recommended,304390,30797577,Posted: 28 March,all,WallyWallnut,"When is Ubisoft going to learn that P2P does not work!! I am in South Africa and we  cant even play a 2vs2 1vs1 is possible butt not allways. So buying this game for multiplayer was the biggest mistake of my life I would say. Playing vs Ai is not fun at all and you cant even get a refund on the game if you spent more than 2 hours on it ""policy"" apparently. It took me 3 hours trouble shooting to even get it to find a game to play against players. So I really dont recommend it for anyone that wants to struggle It is real at the moment. Big Thumbs Down To Ubisoft :("
76561197992010629,Not Recommended,304390,30066836,Posted: 20 February,all,Achi,"I think that these days you can rely on Ubisoft to set the standard for AAA mediocrity. A nice looking game with an interesting vision, that then gets stripped down to its bare bones where it remains functional, but ultimately feels bland and unexciting. The combat is passable in 1 vs 1 battles. Fights against multiple oponents are messy and badly designed.For Honor is a highly repetetive experience in a nice coat that blows its load very quickly; not bad but certainly nowhere near as good as advertised. Certainly not worth full price in my opinion."
76561198010365438,Not Recommended,304390,30343804,Posted: 5 March,all,[DWG] Xorin,"I love the consept of the game. The biggest minus is that its ubisoft that made it.. They have good games, but every single one of them have issues. There is still not 1 game they have lunched with no issues.The biggest issue there is right now, is their networking p2p ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! You will get thrown from at least 2-3 games before you get to play one.. They are soon coming up on a month of the release, but any networking fixes? NOPE, none what so ever. The game would have had such good potensial if it werent for ubisoft..Played it again on Shinobi and Centurion release.. Still as♥♥♥♥♥♥as when it came out.. I have tried to play 10 matches now, got kicked from every single one of them.. Great job ubi!"
76561198009060099,Not Recommended,304390,30704456,Posted: 24 March,all,Solomon Gruesday,"No, until Ubisoft gets its♥♥♥♥♥♥together.... Otherwise pretty fun."
76561198156954487,Not Recommended,304390,30522230,Posted: 15 March,all,InfrequentFrequencies,Yea dont buy yet. Not untill the fix the peer to peer and get dedicated servers
,Not Recommended,304390,29999101,Posted: 17 February,all,Nisrous,"I'm really not to sure if i should give it a good or bad review for a mulitude of reasons. I do want to start of by saying a few things about some of the reviews though.Yes there multiplayer is broke as hell BUT the game did just make its full launch and it's gonna take time for them to come up with a solution for their servers.NOW for my pros and cons. Both during, and after my beta experience.During Beta:The Beat was surprisingly well done.  I truly felt as the the beta WAS A BETA. And by that i mean the the game was near completion and you could tell it only needed few tweaks. Yes, some of the combat can be clunky at first but once you really started to understand the character, it would gradually become more fluid. On top of it, there really wasn't an over powered character. They each had there own way of going about a fight, and lacked in certain areas that you could exploit if you could find it.When you launch the game you got a brief overview of the story that was going on before you jumped into multiplayer. Everyone chooses a faction and you can probably guess what happens from there. You fight to the death in one of 3 game modes: Brawls(1v1 + 2v2), Dominion, and Team Death Match. Que times were generally short(30s - 90s) but the main problem with the beta was creating a party. My friend and i never could connect with each other unless we used a third party application like Evolve(or hamachi), to directly link our pc connections. Wich sure, that's fine, because it was a simple work around. I personally love to have a 1v1 brawl because of how complex and drawn out a fight can be between to evenly skilled player. Dominon was ok, but most of the time i played, i was ganked about 90% of the time or the team balance was uneven, once again though, this is the beta i'm talking about and this is what they were looking to fix.Though the Menu layout was tricky at first, once you take a few minutes to explore the menu's, it becomes more familiar, like most games. All around after the Beta i was expecting a grade A title game, 8/10 just forr the Beta.After Full Release:Now i'm not gonna go over every thing i just stated above because i feel as though you'r not gonna wanna hear me repeat the same thing 5 times over. So here's were im gonna start. Multiplayer: It's broke as hell. As i mentioned above, we had a simple fix that allowed us to que up and go right into a match and enjoy the game. Now it's not possible. I can understand were the problem lies because of the way their cheat engine works, becuase it doesnt allow 3rd party applications, it pretty much negates the work around. There is some hope that they'll fix this later but that's another story of it's own. As for getting into a match, it's impossible unless you decide you want to port forward to open up your NAT type. THIS IS RIDICULOUS. If i'm going to pay $60 for a game that primarly focuses on the multiplayer, i shouldnt have to learn how to port forward the game to BE ABLE TO ACESS THE CONTENT. Yes, i can do 1v1 brawls, but i have to wait anywere from 3-7 minutes, with only a chance to connect, and my NAT type is only moderate. I will never be able to join a dominion, teamdeath match, or a 2v2. At that point, the value in my mind, for a game that allows me to 1v1 2 or 3 of the same people, is roughly about $10.  Even with the extra characters they gave us. Along with the characters though, they decided to change some apects of combat. Now i'm an avid darksouls player, so getting use to new timings is fine and dandy till you break it. During the beta, people would use wahts called a guardbreak, wich pretty much gives you one free hit, or you can throw the other player around, BUT you were able to counter it by doing the same thing, it u timed it right after they did it. Now i dont know why they screwed with the timing but they changed it during the full release and timing is so small, that there's a small chance to even counter it unless you know a person it spamming a combo. Yes, some of it may be my lack of skill, but when you face off againt someone who pretty damn good at the game, and you can sit there bashing there face into a wall repeatedly, theres somthing wrong.Yes, so manythings wrong with the release and its so frustrating because it could have been an amazing game, still is to a point.  For example, the story was pretty good. though the ending i felt could have been better, it was still pretty good. The cinimatics were great and the scenery was beautiful, just look at my screen shots. The AI would occasionally break of spam one move set, but all in all the single player was good.For what it's worth at it's current state though, I wouldn't recommend this game as it stands unless you meet 2 requirements.A: know how to port forwardB: have patients to wait for the updates"
76561197970974939,Not Recommended,304390,30007834,Posted: 18 February,all,ArnDog,This game has great potential but fundimently is broken in two ways. One 2P2 causes major problems for multiplayer. There is a clear advantage to the host and therefore a broken multiplayer system. Secondly guard break. This is very much broken. Especially if you play a lighter class like the peacekeeper. Almost all heavy weidling classes have learnt the three button rotation for constant guard break that leads to a stun lock. This is even more evident on classes such as the peacekeeper who have a weaker block. Even though i have often come top on the game for kills and points it is simply not fun to be unable to counter or even dodge repeatidly due to this three button spam. The result is a game breaking exploit. I would highly advise not getting this game until they fix the above.
76561198003831003,Not Recommended,304390,29951522,Posted: 15 February,all,BigOlStankyDank,"Honestly, the gameplay itself is fine, but there is very little depth to the game. For $80 CAD I expect more than peer-to-peer matchmaking, pay2win micro-transactions, and a tacked-on single player campaign.Don't get cucked by Ubisoft again, folks. The business model for this game is extremely greedy and lazy."
,Not Recommended,304390,29951067,Posted: 15 February,all,The Mustard Tiger,Pay to win DLC here we come
76561198028718105,Not Recommended,304390,29973677,Posted: 16 February,all,Eden,"Honestly I love this game when I play custom with a bunch of my buddies, but the matchmaking in this game is actually garbage. I've seen teams with the average gear score of 13 be paired up with like a team of three 2nd prestiged players, its busted."
,Not Recommended,304390,30216704,Posted: 27 February,all,zerknaut,"MicrotransactionsP2P garbageInput lagbroken gear stats in 4v4'sword is the only dedicated servers are used for the god damn ingame store, which is just the perfect metaphor for Ubisoft as a company.shugoki bug,  peackeeper bugForgettable, repetitive, and small single player mode that you have to be online for to even play, no offline functionality at all40$ season pass..............Everyone is amazed at how Ubisoft can release a fun new title and simultaneously make it a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with their cash grab money saving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ♥♥♥♥in GG Ubisoft once again tied for worst publisher ever with EA again. Maybe youll win that Dogshit award this year for putting this one out. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe come back in a year or two when this game might be an enjoyable experience. I feel like Ubisoft shouldve bundled a lube edition with how ♥♥♥♥ed I feel by this game.Edit: Theyre giving everyone champion status for the weekend and the latest patch notes that are being pushed today fix a lot of stuff. additionally they split the skirmish and elimination gamemode playlist. If they keep this up Id change this review to recommend in maybe a few months if they iron out the network problems."
,Not Recommended,304390,29961204,Posted: 16 February,all,Nom De Plume,"After 20+ hours of the release version, and having played all of the betas..I can not recommend this game at the current price.It really is a shame because the fighting mechanics are pretty fantastic. There really are some innovative systems in place here and there's nothing else really like this out at the moment.But. Ubisoft.An always ""online"" game, that uses P2P for all MP functionality..Imagine if you will, what could possibly go wrong here?A full triple-A priced game, with not only a 'go Premium!' model, but microtransactions that simply can not be defended as the reverse to these is a system that does not reward enough to justify ignoring the obvious ""♥♥♥♥ you gamers!"" attempt at a pathetic cash grab.Cons:- P2P Matchmaking (Don't think I need to elaborate any further on this)- Yes, there are microtransactions that are not entirely cosmetic.(You can buy steel. Use said steel to improve gear. NOT cosmetic.)- BALANCE(I don't care what anyone says. ""Gitgud"" is not a proper rebuttal here. There are 2 toons that are just absolutely OP. In fact, the current meta is simply one hero.)- Online functionality is just not there yet.(A lot of people needing to port forward in order to obtain open NAT type just to be able to matchmake. Not acceptable with a triple-A release.)- Premium(Or, 'Champion Status'. If you don't pay for this, you'll pretty much never receive good loot post match, and you get a lot less iron from salvaging. Iron is used along with steel to upgrade your gear. Also post match steel reward is smaller.)- Currency drop rate.(The currency you use to do anything in game with, (steel) just isn't rewarded enough to be considered ideal. This needs a buff, ASAP. Ideally it would be double'd what it is currently.)- Host advantage is real.- Season Pass. Because of course.Pros:+ Optimization! Runs well.+ Looks great!+ Customization is awesome! TONS of options. Reasonable time to acquire.+ Fighting mechanics are awesome.+ Grinding not needed to play the heroes, as is the case in R6 Siege.(Srsly Ubi, 20k reknown? ♥♥♥♥ yourselves..)+ DEUS VULTIf they manage to add dedicated servers, improve the currency drop rate, fix the online functionality, balance the classes..(Orochi LOL), all the while letting me retake the holy land with my brethren..I'll consider thumbing this up.A lot of fun to be had here with friends. This could have been a good e-sport game but P2P means nope.There's just not enough content at the moment for me to be able to recommend this game. I enjoy it, I'll continue to play, but I don't see that going past another 2 weeks, tops.This has all of the staples of a bad F2P model, but with a $60 price tag.DEUS VULTDEUS VULTSAY IT WITH MEDEUS VULT"
76561198049880335,Not Recommended,304390,29968360,Posted: 16 February,all,ItchyGowch,"I really want to recommend this game.The gameplay is very solid; challenging but rewarding if you play a character well. The 4v4 matches and the 1v1 duels are both pretty well done, so you can play solo duels or a team based match depending on what experience you want out of the game. There are a few things that seem a little unbalanced but nothing is broken imo.My only real gripe with the game is that there are no dedicated servers. Honestly 9/10 games i have played have ended in a few minutes because someone has a poor connection to the host. I haven't seen peer to peer connection since i played modern warfare 2 back in the ♥♥♥♥ing 80s. It makes me a sad that the dicknosed♥♥♥♥♥♥pilots at ubisoft have ruined a promising game because they don't want to shell out a few pennies for dedicated servers.TLDR:Great gameplay, doesn't work though because some♥♥♥♥♥♥strummers thought it was a good idea to make a solely multiplayer game without any servers."
,Not Recommended,304390,29978057,Posted: 16 February,all,ConflictedCelery,"Until Ubisoft can create something other than peer to peer servers, and fix the balancing (I'm talking not having lvl 2's and 5's VS entire teams of lvl 25+'s), I can't recommend this game. That's literally all it would take to make this game great."
,Not Recommended,304390,29975223,Posted: 16 February,all,Mephis182,I love this game but don't purchase this for $60 until they fix the terrible connnection issues/p2p/balances.EDIT(2/27/):Instead they buff classes they don't need to be buffed besides valk and dont fix the damn servers and other issues.
,Not Recommended,304390,30056334,Posted: 20 February,all,衣冠禽兽,"everything is splendid and exciting,except this bloody ubsoft  potato server.There is no way to connect 4v4 fight for power model for whole week since the day I bought the game .So i say go fix this ♥♥♥♥ing server problem or i curse you ♥♥♥♥ing ubsoft"
76561198104694820,Not Recommended,304390,30746953,Posted: 26 March,all,GroovieSmoothie,"Its not even peer to peer thats the issue, for me its just that my game has a 50/50 of crashing whenever a round ends, not a match, a round, you know,the ones you have 3-5 of in one match.(Its not an issue with my pc fps rate etc. never dropped and the game ran perfectly well performance wis except you know...)"
76561198071106398,Not Recommended,304390,30771560,Posted: 27 March,all,|destro|,"Fantastic concept, terrible implementation. This game is both one of the best and worst games I've ever played. Crashes constantly, no balance to the characters, promises of things being fixed, heavily micro-transaction focused, new content delivered weekly, however game updates and balance updates are close to non-existant. Devs talk about making things better, but they just seem to get worse. Game has been out for months, has only gotten worse. Devs simply don't know how to stop their terrible P2P system from crashing, nor do they know how to create and balance their characters. I stuck it out for 5 months, most of which was spent playing vs bots because playing vs humans was just crash after crash. Do not purchase this game without doing serious research into its current status.Will not purchase another Ubisoft game after this disappointment.I feel like I was scammed out of my money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30087056,Posted: 21 February,all,Tsybal,"No Dedicated servers means lag switching and networking issues ahoy. Constant split parties and dropped matches, and the lack of consistent playerbase means that you'll get matched up with the same people time and time again, with no reference to skill level or ability or even game mode.Timings for counters change depending on how good your host is, and it's a game that's just as frustrating to win as it is to lose."
,Not Recommended,304390,30200601,Posted: 26 February,all,Rynstone,"Game is unplayable, you might be able to complete 1/4 games without crashing/disconnecting/desync"
76561197980304475,Not Recommended,304390,30147437,Posted: 24 February,all,Hoid,"Welcome to Ubisoft Game 101:+ Good idea and satisfying combat mechanicsWell, folks, that's it for the benefits.- P2P. Amazing technology, thanks god Ubisoft decided to use this instead of dedicated servers. Now you can share your IP to the world, experience constant host migrations, and ping varying from 20 to 250.- Matchmaking. You want to play a specific game mode? Tough luck, friend - some good modes (like Elimination) are paired with jolly idiocy (Hello, Skirmish, my old friend!).- Gear system. You can accumulate gear for your character and stack some attributes (for 4v4 gamemodes). Sounds great, now be ready to play against people in full epic gear 20 minutes after you started the game, and have whoopping Gear Score of 0. And you can't search for games with gear modifiers disabled. AHAHAHAHAHAHA- Microtransactions. Remember that fancy gear? Well, the best gear is dropped from loot boxes. You can buy those with in-game currency you receive after the match. The amount is roughly equal to minimal wage in Somalia. But you can always buy 150k of in-game currency for only $99,99. BEST VALUE!The overall score - 10 Steam refunds out of 10, would refund again."
,Not Recommended,304390,30910720,Posted: 2 April,all,Kia_Kat42,"Between how unbalanced the Heroes are, the peer to peer connections, and constant disconnecting from the game, this game goes from For Honor to For ♥♥♥♥s sake. On top of that Ubisoft has made no effort to balance or fix connectivity problems."
76561198131559184,Not Recommended,304390,30910951,Posted: 2 April,all,PapiRabi,This game is so annoying i had to wright a review. At its core it is good but the pvp combat needs a lot of work. You are constantly getting your block broken and then the other player is constantly using his special so it is a constant loop that you cant get out of until you eventualy die. It was extremely hard not swear in this review but the poinbt is wait until the game is updated then buy it. I got so mad at one point I almost broke my keyboard.
76561198366004703,Not Recommended,304390,30910953,Posted: 2 April,all,bryanmcbrayer33,"My god this ♥♥♥♥ing game......This is probably this best game that i would NEVER recomend to a friend to buy. The one issue with this game is also the one thing that will make it crumble into nothing. TERRIBLE ♥♥♥♥ING SERVER ISSUES AND GODAWFUL MATCHMAKING. There is nothing worse than being close to the end of a match that you are more than 10 minutes into........ and then the ♥♥♥♥ing sever has ""encountered an issue"" and kicks you back to the MAIN MENU SCREEN. It has literally made me so uncontrollably frustrated that i just might give up on the game and request a refund..........DO NOT BUY UNTIL THE♥♥♥♥♥♥SERVERS ARE FIXED."
76561198032580648,Recommended,304390,34247480,Posted: 14 August,all,SuperFeature,"Tried the free weekend, later purchased the gold edition.For Honor is a lot of fun. Joining and making friends is clunky, but that is my only negative comment on the game so far. It is an entertaining, visually stunning multiplayer game, with lots of variety.You can see a lot of effort went into this game, with detail in every piece of armor, weapon and characters.The connection issues that plauged this game on launch are gone. In the 25 hours I played, I only had those issues twice.The things I personally find fun are =+ Great and satisfying combat+ Amazing graphics and detail+ Excellent game performance on medium level gaming PCs+ Collectables such as new weapons, armor, etc.+ A good variety of maps~ Single Player is OKAYx Negatives- Clunky Interface for making friends and match making with friends"
76561198047078816,Not Recommended,304390,30212892,Posted: 26 February,all,Λᴇʀɪɴ⥀ɮᴏʀᴏȘ,"I cant describe this game any other way than a beautiful shame.This odd p2p connectivity, where all nodes connect to one another, the ability to see the Ips of all connected nodes and so on. Just horrible security, The net format means in the same game, one person will be laggy to combat, whilst another not so bad.Just amasses as an inconsistent gameplay experience, The games mechanics are excellent aside from Revenge mode and stacking revenge mode damage duration and gain on gear.Constantly disconnected from games, Party is constantly disbanded or randomly disconnected, even whilst we are in que, to which the host isnt allowed to leave the searching que unless the players in the forming lobby drop below a certain amount.I cant reccomend the game due to this.At the very least, Dedicated servers are a necesity."
76561198210274044,Not Recommended,304390,30079302,Posted: 21 February,all,блядь,"Here's an idea, we'll make a game with a reaction based combat system but make it peer to peer so reactions mean ♥♥♥♥ all because you're going to be matched with bongo sitting in his hut in Kenya teleporting around the map and hitting you from behind your block because he attacked 34 seconds earlier than you can see. Anti-cheat is nonexistent so just get yourself a lag switch to even up the matches. Might be worth it if the game was under £2.50 but by the time it goes on sale it will be dead anyway as it has the replay value of a dead pheasant. If you want to win i would recommend buying a plane ticket to a remote Indian village and use a banana leaf as a mousepad, your router made from twigs will be superior to your old £75 per month fiber optic deal back home. Also everyone that plays the samurai is a weeb."
76561197989929468,Not Recommended,304390,30083729,Posted: 21 February,all,craze,Buy it when it's finished.
,Not Recommended,304390,30322027,Posted: 4 March,all,Artyuni,"The combat in this game is fun, the heros are interesting each with their own combos and the graphics look really great. That being said, the game is somehow awful. The peer to peer system makes combat feel odd and makes some fights feel flat out unfair. Reconnecting 3 times in 10 seconds is never fun. Also its clear that the people who make these characters have no idea what balancing is and either buff a character far to much or nerf it to hell. Please save you money. This game is nowhere near being worth $60. Save you money for maybe a sale at best but i have a feeling that things in this game will only get a lot worse before they even get slightly better. Right now the game is not fun to play. Ever since the most recent patch, combat has felt off, parries only work half of the time (which are vital in combat) and connections seem to have gotten worse. Also the community is toxic as hell. You win a match its ""Wow try hard using cheap move"" or you lose and get a ""Get wrekt you f***king F****t"" or the timeless ""2 f***kin ez, get gud"". Again dont get this game right now, there's a reason it has such a mixed review (53% currently)"
76561198005652796,Not Recommended,304390,30077425,Posted: 21 February,all,Cicero,"Too many disconnects. Happens randomly to either me or my friend even as we are chatting online at the exact moment. Gamebreaking, please fix."
76561198040545746,Not Recommended,304390,30127870,Posted: 23 February,all,NarrowGlitch,"In this state 5/10not alot of contentunbalanced hero's, heavy hero's are to slow to compete with faster hero's, orochi, peacekeeper. you can pull it off but you need to be real good boiiconnection P2P sometimes real♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you have bad internet.want to buy for casiual campain and online PVP ?? not realy worth 60$ at the moment.campaign is short and not much of a story.PVP/Gameplay is good, Combat mecanics and movement works great.And the graphics are very good, i have GF 980 runs fine on that.Do i recommend this game (No ) if you really in face to face PvP and want to improve and invest and become the best then this game is for you."
76561197976862147,Not Recommended,304390,30308884,Posted: 3 March,all,Onewill,"The game is not super fun, but it is ok I guess. one very irrtating thing is sometimes when you play you will get disconnected halfway and there is no way for you to rejoin back your game with the same team. is it because of the non-decticated server ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?"
76561198204622584,Not Recommended,304390,30318305,Posted: 4 March,all,Firelord111,lots of lag and connection loss for alot of people and awful match making have caused the game to become unplayable
,Not Recommended,304390,30319524,Posted: 4 March,all,♛ Matt12345,matchmaking and amount of errors causing dc is stupid.fix your game (update-still♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30075005,Posted: 21 February,all,depresso,"I can't recommend this game in it's current state. Whilst I didn't play it for too long, the P2P nature of the networking means you'll spend most of your time waiting to find people to play with only to then be disconnected when you finally find someone.So disappointing. Hope this changes in the future, as I requested a refund for this reason."
,Not Recommended,304390,30079446,Posted: 21 February,all,敖順,"Game never wants to find a match, there is always an error when you search and if you happen to get into a match, youll probably be disconnected. The combat is also one of the most boring combat systems ive played in a long time along with its lack of counter play. Its one of those games that tried to be more than a hack and slash but became one anyway because as long as you hit faster than your enemy, you can literally spam it if they dont block and guess what! Even if they parry or block your attacks, you can spam guard break all damn fight and then spam attack again. It's a failed attempt at innovated combat and honestly is a pretty bad game. The graphics are nice though but the second you look closely, they arent nice anymore. Definitely not a game id suggest."
76561198024702946,Not Recommended,304390,30323897,Posted: 4 March,all,very intimidating guy,"Gameplay itself is fun and responsive, the game plays and feels smooth but the lack of servers and this p2p system makes me wanna nail myself on a cross. Wake up ubisoft, its 2017 we will start colonising planets soon and u are sitting on your asses not even having dedicated servers that even a homeless person from a grocery store can afford"
,Not Recommended,304390,30711580,Posted: 24 March,all,PennyWISE,"A connection error has ocurred, returning to main menu."
,Not Recommended,304390,30210062,Posted: 26 February,all,Boris the Blade,"Great game, but peer to peer connections just don't cut it.Will change this review to positive if Ubisoft introduce dedicated servers."
76561197999615681,Not Recommended,304390,30102335,Posted: 22 February,all,ALPHA,"I really want to love the game.  In fact I do enjoy the game itself.  Even getting stomped and losing a bunch.What I have a great deal of trouble tolerating is:-The archaic P2P system in a brand new AAA title.-The triple threat of full $60 price, DLC, and THEN microtransactions to boot.-One hotfix in 8 days.  Conan Exiles is a $30 early access title that had more hotfixes in its first 24h.-The ambiguous nature of the faction war.  What is it?  How do we win?  What do we win?-Matchmaking that I am not even sure exsists.  I am fully aware that I am not even ok at the game, but losing 10+ dominions in a row with my team starting with bots half the time is just beyond frustrating.Apparently R6S also had a similar rocky start that was eventually stabalized.  One would have hoped they would have learned from their previous mistakes.  That is not the case though."
,Not Recommended,304390,29945866,Posted: 15 February,all,NezquiK,I like the gameplay its actually pretty fun..... however I could not play online due to NAT garbage. Im not opening ports or any of that BS this is 2017 Ubisoft. Get dedicated servers or gtfo  how can this even want to be in the realm of esports.....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198034156004,Not Recommended,304390,30331129,Posted: 4 March,all,♕Dukewolf♕,unplayable due to connection ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,304390,30100828,Posted: 22 February,all,TheMaX,سيرفرات زي الخرى
76561198084283178,Not Recommended,304390,30331332,Posted: 4 March,all,Noblelip,"I want to like this game, I really do.  The concept is great and it is beautiful and has an interesting fighting system but.....  its a♥♥♥♥♥♥experience to play.  If you want to compete in any of the 4v4 modes then you will have to grind your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥off in 1v1/2v2 duels or in bot matches to get up multiple prestige levels to even have access to the good gear.  Even then you're not guaranteed any good loot and so you have to open loot boxes which cost up to 500 steel each.  It is a game geared towards people who are willing to grind for hours or afk in bot matches or pay irl money for steel to go purchase more loot boxes.  In the end if you are willing to happily go up against someone in a 4v4 match who can get revenge in three blocks and then proceed to put you on your♥♥♥♥♥and three hit you then this is your game.  Otherwise if you buy this game you will be stuck in the duel modes grinding for hours and days in hopes of then buying loot crates and being a high enough prestige to have the possibility to get two pieces of good, solid gear.  In the end its up to you guys whether you have done the research and watched the videos.  For me personally I will not be caught up in the hype of a game ever again if I can help it.  Thank you."
,Not Recommended,304390,30588929,Posted: 18 March,all,ETHAN BRADBERRY,horrible servers and♥♥♥♥♥♥connection
76561198032602081,Not Recommended,304390,30706107,Posted: 24 March,all,MOOted,Poor model for unlockables constant dcs and bad orders to unlock stuff wish i didnt spend 40 quid on it
,Not Recommended,304390,30698208,Posted: 23 March,all,Lobo,"If you like paying full price for what is essentially set up as a Free2Play game with a Pay2Win Paywall in it, look no further!"
,Not Recommended,304390,34683636,Posted: 2 September,all,Apache Kretek,"don't buy this game until they have dedicated server ,"
,Not Recommended,304390,30173945,Posted: 25 February,all,ActualBP,"Call of Duty: Medieval WarfareNow with industry standards such as:Fully functioning microstransactions and season pass!Constantly dropped connections!Peer-to-peer multiplayer, with no dedicated servers!Bottom Line: Don't support this generation of games with microtransaction at launch with unfinished single/multiplayer experiences."
76561198040632047,Not Recommended,304390,30714890,Posted: 24 March,all,Dawnshot,"PROS: Fun concept and core-gameplay. Graphics are awesome as well.CONS: Filled with bugs, characters aren't balanced, frequent connection issues and bad dev support."
,Not Recommended,304390,30714734,Posted: 24 March,all,Ace,"For shame.There's nothing to stop people from quitting matches. Getting disconnected in multiplayer due to quitters or someone who didn't config their ports right. Takes a while to find matches. Also, the matches are unbalanced. Newbies are pinned against high levels with better gear and with more experience in combat. Although, this is not such a big problem to me, but with all the other problems, the game is unplayable.Give the option for the community to run their own servers. At least that will help to fix some of the matchmaking problems."
,Not Recommended,304390,30154003,Posted: 24 February,all,[ISL] Solenicus,"Peer to Peer.All the charm and decent gameplay is lost compared to how it felt in the beta.It's ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay/Ubishit.UI is horrid.""Connection lost!""""Tried to join a full game. Returning you to the main menu!""60$ for a game that had a story mode that sucked just to push Multiplayer. Just cut that♥♥♥♥♥♥out, and since it's p2p make it 20-30$ most.I don't understand it, the beta was good enough to lure me in for a purchase. Yet the game just makes me feel Crestfallen after several matches, win or lose. If I hadn't of bought this via steam/didn't own Siege already, I'd chargeback in a heartbeat."
,Not Recommended,304390,30179625,Posted: 25 February,all,hood rat.,A VIDEO  OF THE FOR HONOR SERVER ADMINS... UNPLAYABLE TYPICAL UBISHIEThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4PTf7LgsIE
76561198114437826,Not Recommended,304390,29968643,Posted: 16 February,all,Bunsen Flamer,"Background: I was in love with this game since the first time I saw the early concepts for it. I have participated in every alpha, beta and tech test; and I did not think twice to buy this game. It's really a shame that I'm here giving it a 'thumbs down' but I think triple-A game companies should be held to a standard.The game is quite fun and rewarding; and if Ubisoft adds dedicated servers then it would be enough for me to recommend it. However, in essence, For Honor is a fighting game disguised as a medieval hack-and-slash, and timing in fighting games is a key element. With local hosting in For Honor, matchmaking is some of the worst I've ever seen in a big name title and, even if I do get into a game, connection issues are prevalent in most of the matches I've played in. Whenever a player leaves or joins, the game stops and it completely throws off the momentum of a swordfight.Also in a side-note, I believe that it deserves to be mentioned that gear drops can be purchased with steel (in-game currency) and steel can be earned as well as bought with real money. Gear does affect your stats and (although slightly) higher level gear provides advantages over lower level gear. This is by no means a pay-to-win game, but I dislike this specific implementation of microtransactions in For Honor."
76561198044477454,Not Recommended,304390,29970638,Posted: 16 February,all,Whiskers,"FOR HONORAt the surface, a beatiful game with captive visuals, and combat.  If you look closley you begin to notice all the flaws that turn this otherwise amazing game, to a rage inducing pile of sh*t.  30 hours so far not including the betas I was a part of,  you will begin to notice that 75-85% of all games , an epic battle ends in somoene thrown off a ledge.  The connectivity issues can be overlooked,  but once you finally get into a game the celebration is short lived by instantly being thrown off a ledge to your death.  Ledges and map hazards are all over every map, and too often are you forced to fight on a bridge with no railings.  This game that appears to be focusted on fighting takes its own glory away by puting map hazards first and combat second.  I cant recommend this game in its current state.  Save your money, or be prepared to a fight over the ledge."
76561198066455721,Not Recommended,304390,29971455,Posted: 16 February,all,Fake News,"The game itself is very fun and i would love to give it a good review but the thing that is keeping me from doing that is the horrible servers in this game.  The servers are the worst i have seen in a long time, it takes way to long to find a game and when i do i either get kicked for having a low frame rate, my teammate lags out or the game just disconnects entirely.  The game is very fun when you finally get a session that doesnt lag to hell but that is sadly a very rare occurence.  If i were anyone looking to buy this game i would either just not buy it or wait until they improve the servers which probably wont happen thanks to the garbage company lnown as Ubisoft.  EITHER FIX THE SERVERS OR GIVE ME MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK."
,Not Recommended,304390,29969584,Posted: 16 February,all,Grim,Terrible servers
,Not Recommended,304390,29969812,Posted: 16 February,all,Lone Ronin,for honor is great ubisoft is another thing..i spent money i didnt have to buy this game.. and it crapped out with an error that has no fix yet on the first day ... so dissapointed in the makers.
76561198217705271,Not Recommended,304390,29972342,Posted: 16 February,all,JohnLuis,I've had this game for three days and not been able to play it once.  I've uninstalled and reinstalled it and tried every troubleshoot I can find. It still won't stop crashing before it even opens.
76561198062800542,Not Recommended,304390,29968606,Posted: 16 February,all,Berb,so much fun playing with bot
76561198036823387,Not Recommended,304390,34870754,Posted: 10 September,all,Thumpin,"Amazing game, ruined by horrible design in all aspects.Developer team takes ages to nerf/buff heroes and when they do it's done in a fashion that can only be described as ""knee-jerk"". Case-in-point; Warlord. Objectively stronger than most other heroes without any glaringly broken mechanics. Ubisoft's response to this issue? Nerf literally everything.The game has been available since February and is still plagued with bugs and errors that disrupt matchmaking. At any point upon joining a 4v4 game mode you may simply disconnect without any explanation, you may experience a freeze at the end of the match which can only be escaped by closing the game which puts you in a 10 minute queue ban, or the game may freeze upon initially loading and you simply need to alt-f4 out.Oh and when starting the game there's about a 1/5 chance you'll simply be stuck in the initial loading screen until you manually close the game and start again.Like I said, amazing game (when it works) ruined by a wildly incompetent developer team and support structure."
76561198116720108,Not Recommended,304390,30176675,Posted: 25 February,all,SooMagnificent,ITS 2017 why dont we have dedciated servers passstop giving these people money till they step up
,Not Recommended,304390,30160426,Posted: 24 February,all,SweeTARTS Candy®,"Played over 150 hours in closed alpha, tech test, closed and open betas. Took Orochi, Kensei, Valkyrie to rep 3s.I refunded the game for the following reasons:1) Usual ""ubishit"" execution. I don't really care about p2p versus servers as long as it works. Problem is that there are huge connectivity issues. In duels p2p is fine, but in 8 person dominion, someone always rage quits and it makes you reinstance, often kicking everyone out to the menu.No proper matchmaking. If you want to try a new hero, you will queue into people with their ""mains"" at rep 10 with gear score 108. you have gearscore 0. The MM is based on account, not hero, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Often when you quit a lobby with a group, it kicks everyone from the group.No penalties for rage quitting. If your opponent does, they are replaced by a full health bot and sometimes even a player (if he quits within the first 2 min of the match). If you're low health, that full health new opponent can kill you and win the match. Yeah...Please do some research on your own regarding these issues.There are many more. You can find discussions on /r/ForHonor and here:https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/5virbz/everything_wrong_with_for_honor/which has a good article2) It is my humble opinion that the game is fundamentally broken mechanically.This is the main issue with class-based pvp games: BALANCE.So this game was designed as a casual, console/controller based fighting game. The problem is that hardcore pvp fight players are attracted to this game, which is fine. However, they bring the mentality that you leverage efficiencies and probabilities and spam these situations to win.In other words, you find the most broken/powerful/reliable combo or moveset your character has and you spam that until your opponent breaks down. The result is that 90% of each character's moveset/kit is neglected in favor of one or two moves.Right now, it's Feinting to bait your opponent into parrying you, which you then parry. You then follow it up with a Guard Break and 1-2 hits. Keep in mind I said 1-2 hits, not full 3 hit chain combos (as the game wants you to do). This is because Defense in this game is SO strong that you can never reliably finish a 3 chain combo without yourself getting parried.So the result is that people will leverage their characters' most broken and quickest interaction, then just do 1-2 light attacks then back off. Repeat process.Combined with the fact that Defense/Parrying has no drawback, you get a ridiculous Turtle meta where no one ever attacks first and everyone does 1-3 broken mechanics.Leveraging broken/overpowered mechanics with minimal counterplay is not skill, even though yes it does make you win. To me and many gamers, it's just unfun and annoyingExamples:- Warlord: headbutt / cancel into guard break, followed by heavy. And turtle defense with shield- Warden: Zone attack is ungodly fast (broken so you can start a light attack in another direction then quickly press heavy to do the zone attack in another direction. So the game incorrectly displays the attack direction). Vortex with shoulder bash vs shoulder bash cancel into guard break. A true 50/50 guess with no way to know which is coming.- Peacekepper: Light attack spam. Her light attacks are faster than other characters combo chains. I could just spam light attacks + running attack and I beat very skilled Kenseis/Berserkers who I had no business beating.- Parrying/Defense in general has no risk and is too forgiving. Hardly any stamina penalty and gives you a free guard break. High level matches are basically people spinning their stance around and then staring at each other cause attacking first has ZERO benefit in this game.- Charge mechanics that players spam to try to push you off cliffs, but missing a charge has no drawback and you cannot charge off a cliff yourself. Makes zero sense.-Revenge: People have 108 max gear score and can literally get revenge in only TWO blocks (you go supersaiyan and your attacks become uninterruptible and you get speed/health etc). To make things worse, revenge exists in 1v1.In conclusion, For Honor is very similar to The Division, in that it looks great, is very addicting at first, but at high levels, it is broken mechanically because it doesn't prevent players from leveraging broken mechanics and riding those statistical certainties to victory. This is not the players' fault because they will always do anything/everything they can in-game to win. It's because the game is shallow at its core."
76561197990934524,Not Recommended,304390,30060333,Posted: 20 February,all,UberLolKage,"Decent game, not worth 60 euro. Game should have cost 30 euro and had servers. Can't recommend buying the game at this point.To enjoy this game you have to get past the horrible experience that is p2p. Sometimes it will take 6 minutes for a match to load other times the match won't load at all. When you get into a match you will experience the joy of getting teleported back 5-10 seconds whenever  someone leaves the game, sometimes this will also cause the game to crash. Enjoy have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lag because one guy doesnt have an internet connection.You also have to get past the fact that there is no MMR in this game, playing game modes with item gear is decided before they start. Sometimes you will be the guy with 3 times higher gear level than the opposing team, sometimes the other team will be 3 times higher level than you.You can group up with friends, just make sure that none of them leaves a game you are in, because it will make one or all of you crash.When you want to play skirmish or elimination you also have to endure playing the other gamemode or leave whenever you get a game playing the wrong mode. You can't choose which mode you play, only set one to search for. Every time a match ends in the game mode you have to have every single person in the match vote for the next map with the correct mode or the next map will most likely be in the opposite gamemode you just had.All in all decent game, but you most likely wont be playing it for too long. Either you get sick of the crashes and lag or you get sick of getting killed by guys having much higher item level than you."
76561198157420535,Recommended,304390,30098889,Posted: 22 February,all,GMC_MLB,Great game worth buying
,Not Recommended,304390,29977884,Posted: 16 February,all,Vincent,"I really wanted to like this game, I did. Unfrotunately there is far more wrong with it than right. For starters there is no matchmaking. Starters. like myself get put up against people who have the game down to a rythm they can do in their sleep. So youll just get destroyed, destroyed, and destroyed some more.The networking issues are horrible and based on other reviews not going to get much into that. I will say, that the controls arent very responsive. I found myself doing things (or not) that I didnt want to do. For the 6 hours I played, I found no fun, only frustration. I have since put a refund ticket up and am hoping to get my money back."
,Not Recommended,304390,30067158,Posted: 20 February,all,spanky,"I played the game through the closed alpha till full release. I thought it was fun, mechanics that were unfair got fixed and it was really nice.Full game comes out and it is complete pay to win, now you can buy steel and upgrade you gear to the absolute max.I've seen just about enough of it. I've seen players on thier second reputation level but a gear score of over 110. I've seen Shogoki use thier oni charge and instant kill people at full health. Lastly and the most common i've seen people who get revenge instantly in every fight, doing triple damage and taking almost none.Ok so lets say you go into a brawl a match where gear score does not matter, After your match they will most likely leave now that does not sound so bad but you neglect the fact that it is peer to peer, so you have to back out and find more teammates/opponent so that is going to be about 4-5 minutes of searching, another 4-5 minutes for the game to launch finaly, and when it is all said and done everyone is going to leave, and if they don't chances are you are just getting BM'd by your team or enemy, then you want to leave. Lastly the Singleplayer is ungodly boring, the only interesting fact about it is the new difficulty realistic, which removes all the guides to the game, so no UI. But even that is overshadowed by the sheer asinine amount of content that means nothing, not only that but is it rarly even challenge. The only hard part about the single player is the bosses that have four times the amount of health, have much higher resitence to everything, and can heal.TL;DR game is pay to win and just unfun."
76561198006738721,Recommended,304390,29971845,Posted: 16 February,all,Rory,"Having played in Beta, and having sunk a decent amount of time into the game, I have to say the game itself is very, very, very solid. The campaign is really little more than bot matches, as several people have noted, I was dissapointed in the story, but playing against other players in multiplayer really is alot of fun.The community, insofar, is great. Most (a truely significant) players refrain from being ridiculously irritating, preferring to actually fight and win over simply tossing an opponent over a balcony. A single mistake can leave a player open to deadly assaults from the opposing combatant, just the same as a screw-up on the enemys part can turn a game around. Every kill is satisfying on a personal level, compared to other games (like battlefield) where one can gun down four or five enemy players with mechanical precision.There are levels, which mean little, other than what sort of cosmetics one can unlock, and use of battlefield feats, and what gear is available. That being said, higher-level gear tends to come with significant drawbacks, and as someone who has earned their equipment and levels as opposed to buying them, I still do lose to players that are 30 'levels' lower than me, and 50 levels lower on equipment. And when I myself was a lower level, I'd also wiped the metaphorical floor with players who really thought that they could 'pay to win' on day one, carrying equipment/levels that took me three days to earn, a very, very satisfying catharsis. Skill matters much, much, much more than equipment. Several of the game modes use basic-stats only, ensuring a level playing field, though you get to of course, wear and display the pretty trinkets that one has earned or purchased.The game itself runs extremely well, even on lower-end systems, and every game I have played ran as smooth as butter until problems came up. When this game works, it's very enjoyable, and almost worth the price.I say almost because Ubisoft is Ubisoft. My favorite example of this is AC: Unity. Where they forgot to release modes, and included pretty much unobtainable equipment for a damn good long time after launch. All recent Ubisoft titles have an Achilles' Heel; For Honor is no different. The games major weakness comes in the Peer-to-Peer connection. People will be unable to join your party. You wont be able to join theirs. Matches will randomly kick you. Matches will randomly kick all other players. It doesn't always happen, I often can enjoy three or four games in a row before the bugs rear their ugly head (namely failed to connect...to everything.), and I have to restart the game. And between the loading screens, I had actually managed to cook myself dinner over the course of three games. If a game goes down while you're in it or a player disconnects or the server switches hosts, the game might give you errors every time you attempt to join a game. A client restart (in my case) seems to fix it, but by and large, these frustrations could have, and should have, been taken care of by the developers. As a paying customer, one should not have to apply duct tape to a merchant's product to get it to work as intended.-If- you can deal with the frustration of the consistently unstable multiplayer...the game is a great. A little polish to the diamond in the rough, and it'd be phenomenal. The game gets a very, very, very grudging reccomendation from me. But Ubisoft should get a boot to the head.Overall, a great multiplayer game that's been hobbled by it's own developers. Heres hoping Ubisoft doesn't decide to blind and castrate it in the future, too."
76561198284136190,Not Recommended,304390,31397728,Posted: 27 April,all,Aasian neeger,pls fix yo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers ubibug
76561198021362938,Not Recommended,304390,30387353,Posted: 8 March,all,Vlaedr,"This game is amazing. Great gameplay and mechanics. It is very fun and extremely difficult to master which keeps you entertained for hours.That being said, I can't recommend it until Ubisoft fix their f****** connectivity issues. My internet is pretty average for Australia but still I find it near impossible to complete a proper PVP match of any kind without disconnecting. PVE matches aren't much better. Probably disconnect every 3rd or 4th match. And the newest update has seemed to make it even worse! There are also a few unbalancing issues over all the classes but that is to be expected with a brand new game and can be overlooked. Classes will be balanced in time but these ridiculous P2P server issues need to be fixed ASAP or this game will crash and burn.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29968466,Posted: 16 February,all,Pulsinghole,"Pay to winHost advantageBroken play styleFree hacksToxic communityDodge guard block dodge guard block dodge guard block.Games need a massive fix, until then, i would avoid."
76561198071361687,Not Recommended,304390,29978519,Posted: 16 February,all,PrototypeNZ,"Can peer to peer just ♥♥♥♥ off? how did this game get worse after the beta? the game play is actually so ♥♥♥♥ing good, too bad you cant play it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29978575,Posted: 16 February,all,Bivens,"Played 1/5 games I tried to join. Maybe if they stop using P2P then the game could function. Oh well, what would I have done with 60 dollars anyway?????"
76561198283810417,Not Recommended,304390,29999474,Posted: 17 February,all,Hopeness,"I really wish Ubi can make their server stable, I'm pretty sure more people would buy the game if the connection is good,"
,Not Recommended,304390,29979768,Posted: 17 February,all,nicxus,"The idea of the game is neat and something new but the lack of dedicated servers and uplay trying to be steam so hard dose not help the game, uplay is damn near origin, just give up ubisoft. You have a lot of great games but your servers and service seems 3rd world. just stop."
,Not Recommended,304390,29979770,Posted: 17 February,all,D@weCZ,"Currently not worth the price. Graphics is great, customisation of the heroes excelent, arenas and gaming modes cool. But fighting itself ist just frenetic clicking without much of the control of what is really happening.I played open beta several hours and now the full game ... nice experience but after six hours of gameplay ... hmm ... still unable to block some of the attacks and even lvl 1 fighter kicks my a**. Sometimes it works, sometimes not and I dont have another twenty hours to learn it."
76561198082676708,Not Recommended,304390,30176120,Posted: 25 February,all,ḋʀмἔᾄҭẏ,"1. P2P connection.2. Joining full lobbies.3. Toxic as hell.4. Laggy as hell.5. Peacekeeper and Berserker.6. Randomly leave games.7. So many weird bugs that should not exist:a. Xbone Controller will randomly lose vibration and right trigger support.b. If you have a certain processor, you need to go into the BIOS and turn of threading of some sort for the                           game to boot.8. Alot of highlight on microtransactions in a broken game.Fun to play, but nothing works."
,Not Recommended,304390,30157339,Posted: 24 February,all,Patheticus,Positive:Very Fun Game.Awesome melee mechanicsNegative:Peer to PeerRandom fps dropsUplayGear advantages
76561198018664753,Not Recommended,304390,30350301,Posted: 5 March,all,Visage,I never thought I could hate a game more then The Division.
,Not Recommended,304390,30132974,Posted: 23 February,all,Sailn,I've had to restart the game 3 times not to get into a game.
76561198043241175,Not Recommended,304390,30288532,Posted: 2 March,all,DoinitBIG,"really fun game when it wants to work. Very frustrated that theres many hours that I cannot connect. like right now, as I type this message I cannot connect to the servers. very sad panda here."
,Not Recommended,304390,30233566,Posted: 27 February,all,Rost,Negative until they change P2P to dedicated server and fix the matchmaking.
76561198053453659,Not Recommended,304390,30227473,Posted: 27 February,all,derLuggah,The name of the game is very unfitting.Bonus: It gets old very fast.
,Recommended,304390,30777094,Posted: 27 March,all,Mephane,"Make no mistake - this game is riddled with terrible connection stability issues, a matchmaker of questionable quality and it is quite the grind to get some of the nicer cosmetic unlocks.[Update: The connection problems have become far less after several patches, and dedicated servers have been announced to be released around the end of the year.]However, underneath these issues is the best melee combat I have ever experienced. The handling of your character, the special moves that make each character unique, the animations, sound, atmosphere, it's all top-notch and spot-on for a cinematic medieval combat experience. It's so good that despite all the frustrations with the technical problems, I am still just hooked as on day 1."
,Not Recommended,304390,31115134,Posted: 13 April,all,FloweRZ_🌸| KYS,Network error occured fix you♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft and olso matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥ing radicilous its trash dont buy Ubisoft cant even fix easiest of sollutions piece of trash
,Not Recommended,304390,31295132,Posted: 22 April,all,Masabyy,>join dominion>''oh look finally players without prestige''>winning the game>error has occured>searching for another match>got over 5 prestige players on enemy team>DEFEAT>giving a third try for a possible fair MM>join lobby>everybody non-prestige>getting kills and very equal game>error has occured>quit to desktop>write a review for FOR HONOR>thinking do i recommend this game>presses No
76561198040450336,Not Recommended,304390,29958811,Posted: 16 February,all,luk3tg,doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work you cant even get into a game without dc all the time i mean i think out of the 50 ive joined i got to finish one
76561198036520947,Not Recommended,304390,29961550,Posted: 16 February,all,Dank Memes,"Connectivity issues simulator, also i cant fullscreen anyone knows what is the problem with it?"
,Not Recommended,304390,30203045,Posted: 26 February,all,PapaSimmz,"This game was gifted to me. If I could I would return it. The connection online is soooo bad, Peer to Peer just doesnt work for a game like this. I also have other issues with frame rates. In single player I get 100+ frames and as soon as I get into an online match, my frames drop to 24-60. I have no idea why, this is unacceptable. Avoid until on sale for $20 or the connection and bugs get fixed"
76561198298618054,Not Recommended,304390,30072308,Posted: 20 February,all,Xid,The server was so bad that I can't play online normally . Also I had just played 9 hours and then no refund .
76561198027099981,Not Recommended,304390,30318343,Posted: 4 March,all,Will o' the wisp,"ERROR the game says... ""You`re not supposed to be here. No one`s supposed to be here.""thx Ubisoft, you made me feel special."
76561197960953644,Not Recommended,304390,30322438,Posted: 4 March,all,Commissar Fuklaw,REVENGE!!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,30367712,Posted: 6 March,all,Stalker The English Dragon,"Stay well away from this game.Unabalanced, broken, horrific matchmaking, horrific peer 2 peer settings. Everything about this game screams DLC sponge.Go buy chivalry for half the price or something, this game is not worth your time in the state it is in."
76561198065154992,Not Recommended,304390,30765862,Posted: 26 March,all,Cyphers_Wolf,"So the actual gameplay, setting and overall feel of the game is fantastic, and I would love to tell people to get it. But, even if they did, they would nt be able to play the game.  I just played 3 hours of this game and didn't finish a single match, every single one disconnected about 5-10 minutes in.  Also, although I haven't experienced it becuase I can't finish a match to gain levels, apparently the end game content is pretty damn broken and behind a huge paywall if you don't want to grind for 40 hours (if you can even finish games). Which doesn't make any damn sense since it already cost 60 dollars to get.Yeah this game had hella potential but jesus did Ubisoft kill it."
76561198326480646,Not Recommended,304390,30116672,Posted: 23 February,all,CR7,This game features unique combat that i was looking for  a long time.But im getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥now becoz of the connection errors im getting in every pvp matches except 1v1 though my NAT is open.The story campaign is good but we all know why we want to buy this game (Ofcourse for multiplayer).So im not recommending this game to anyone until they fix the connection issues............
76561198076673669,Not Recommended,304390,31129039,Posted: 13 April,all,Spooby doo,"If you did not purchase this game when it first came out, DO NOT BUY IT. You will not be able to learn or survive. After 30 seconds of waiting for a online match you no longer get matched with people in your skill level. And after another 30 seconds they make it so you can play against ANYONE who is currently queing. And as you can imagine its an incredibly unfair fight. Which makes this game completlty unplayable and unenjoyable. So I will say it again. If you did not play this game from the very start DO NOT BUY IT!"
76561198316360109,Not Recommended,304390,30359798,Posted: 6 March,all,popachopa,"DO NOT buy this game in its current state unless you want constant disconnects, incompitent customer support and like staring at menus for half your total playtime."
,Not Recommended,304390,29964955,Posted: 16 February,all,Delabeled,"If your thinking of buying this game for the single player campain don't. I bought the game for that aspect as the developers claimed the single player campain would be a ""full experience""...I don't consider 5 hours for 100% completion on ""normal difficulty"" aka medium/middle including the collections of all the collectibles found in those maps a  ""full experience"". Ultimately I just paid 13,30 an hour to play the single player campain which lacks a decent story, overall content, and completely lacking in ANY replayability aspect for an overall experience that left me wanting a refund. I have NEVER asked for a refund on any game I have ever played and I even played AND finished Assassin's Creed Syndicate which was almost unplayable due to the plague of bugs it was infested with and have never touched the game again. I have even bought ""Call of Duty"" games (haven't bought any since COD 4) just for the purpose of playing the campain and never touched the game after playing through it once and never even once considered multiplayer. I was still ok paying 50 for those games even though the singleplayer campain only lasted 4-6 hours at best. But again there was story, it was engaging, and things worked.TL;DR Single player campain is absolutely not a ""full experience"" as the developers have said. It was lacking in EVERY aspect and by far the worst single player campain I've ever played and totally not worth the money if your only buying it for the singleplayer campain/ to co op the single player campain with friends."
76561198079606250,Not Recommended,304390,34194179,Posted: 12 August,all,The Guy,After a 20 minute que Got spawnkilled by 4 prestige 30-40 players as a prestige 3 player my teammates were prestige 0 i think theres an issue there and is the reason why this game will die.
,Not Recommended,304390,34687465,Posted: 2 September,all,Eren Whiteman,Hey! Do you want to use exploit to win and make your opponent cancer? This game is just for you.
76561197987389420,Not Recommended,304390,31365696,Posted: 25 April,all,clint_likes_pants,unfortunatly I liked it but I don't have time to play this 24/7most of the players have left so the only ones left are the hardcore kids. The game mechanics end up being whoever can exploit a moveset the best. Basicly a fighting game with like 8 moves.it gets old fast.
76561198007451820,Not Recommended,304390,30487990,Posted: 13 March,all,paradox.,"If it was produced without extreme ubisoft markup prices and business products of dlc and in game purchases. It ""Could of been something good""."
76561197968703304,Not Recommended,304390,30281035,Posted: 2 March,all,wingtip85,Game is actually pretty fun.......when I can play it. Ubisoft servers are down constantly and it's pretty ridiculous. Matchmaking is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥as well. If they get those problems sorted then I'll likely change my review.
76561198203467331,Not Recommended,304390,30915060,Posted: 2 April,all,†LaDz†,"♥♥♥♥ this game!!!!!  waste of Money !!!  pls fix the connection error every time we play dominions!!  it sucks!! if u cant fix it, then  make ""REFUND"""
,Recommended,304390,29974711,Posted: 16 February,all,Dexials,"So I'm going to get straight to the point this game is fun as ♥♥♥♥ only if and only if you have four friends, randoms are the most useless things in the world. Overall I like the combat and gameplay but the comunity sucks sometimes. There's people out there who often take advantage of grab spaming which is the hardest thing in the game to counter, basically they grab hit you then grab again repeat. But if you look past the horriable comunity its a pretty great game, so if you have a high risk of heart attacks or too much stress don't play. But if you love to lose and have friends buy this game 0.5/10."
76561198079126954,Not Recommended,304390,31128419,Posted: 13 April,all,Alphon,The connection is extremely unreliable with frequent disconnections thanks to peer to peer.The party system is very buggy (thanks U-play).Community is one of the most toxic I've ever seen.Story is practically non-existant.Microtransactions.Completely overpriced.8/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,304390,29926522,Posted: 14 February,all,Mike Hunt,"Non-existant servers keep dying and restarting over and over, ruining the flow and fun of the game.Whenever a player leaves (ragequits more like) in the middle of a game, regardless of his HP at the time, is replaced by a full hp bot.Social/Friend System is completely broken and redundant, when you can't find a game it automaticalls disbands your group for no reason.Gravity is even more OP in this game than it is in Dark Souls.JesusSAVE MEE"
76561198082297763,Not Recommended,304390,29934778,Posted: 14 February,all,BraveNewWrld,Litteraly dcs from game all day.
76561198043964749,Not Recommended,304390,29931070,Posted: 14 February,all,Dartflight,"Game crashes on start, tried multiple workarounds but cant fix the issue. Customer Support wont help either.0/10 welcome to another horrible Ubisoft Game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30705761,Posted: 24 March,all,Fenrari,I finally rationalized that purchasing this game would be a good deal since there was the Ubisoft sale going on. I wish I could give a positive review. The graphics are stunning and the concept seemed like such a good idea.The game in reality is plagued by connectivity issues. Frequent disconnects and server issues have turned this game into a horrid mess :(Save yourself the grief and purchase it next year when they have it on 50%+ sale.
76561198039794764,Not Recommended,304390,31694660,Posted: 11 May,all,War Weazel,"I want to like this game, I really do. It's fun, new, and interesting, but the execution is infuriatingly bad. The best way I've seen For Honor described was as an amazing lobster served at the ♥♥♥♥♥iest restaurant that wouldn't listen to critique. So many people want this game to be better, but Ubisoft is just sitting on their sinking ship."
76561198122683824,Not Recommended,304390,30086280,Posted: 21 February,all,MysticViking,Get servers you cheapscates a multi million dollar company can't afford fliping servers. Amazing game could be very could if developed by someone else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,31101922,Posted: 12 April,all,Gp1assassin,"I Love the Gameplay ,I am amazed about combat-features .But this♥♥♥♥♥♥<3 all these potato serversA Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008).I was playing as nobushi , having 13 killstreak and the THIS ♥♥♥♥ING MSG appearsA Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)Why just Ubisoft cannot afford to make their servers much more reliable and not a potato connected with Ethernet ?Welp THEY DONT CARE ABOUT THEIR CONSUMERS :D"
,Not Recommended,304390,34179082,Posted: 11 August,all,help,yea i wouldnt
76561198030787887,Not Recommended,304390,30435744,Posted: 10 March,all,Cujo,"Simply put: A great game, made by♥♥♥♥♥♥devs."
76561198039044023,Not Recommended,304390,29972160,Posted: 16 February,all,Furiouz Penguin,"Decent game, but the peer to peer and random boots from games make it a chore to play.Edit:If they fix either the connections issues or the lack of fun gameplay types i would make it a positive review."
,Not Recommended,304390,29928429,Posted: 14 February,all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,Imagine you asked for a magical Pepperoni pizza and received a disgusting Broccoli sandwich instead. This is For Honor 10/10
,Not Recommended,304390,30278764,Posted: 2 March,all,Bosko fking 1,I do not recommend this game here are some reasons why:Servers do not work 50% of the times.Shugoki is cancer.Even with good net and ms the controls sometimes dont react at all.
,Not Recommended,304390,30088235,Posted: 21 February,all,A Concerned Citizen,"I wish I could recommend this game but at it's current state it just doesn't work.The gameplay is great and fluid, but everything else is either unpolished or unfinished.It runs on Peer-to-Peer networking, which is in stark contrast to Rainbow Six: Siege, another well-recieved title, which has had dedicated servers since it's launch.Similar to Payday 2, this game lacks basic features such as host migration, a feature that's been present in Modern Warfare 2, a game from 8 years prior to this. The player would assume an AAA 60$ game from 2017 would have this at launch, but it's not the case.This game is plagued with networking issues, one of which is how the matchmaking server is slow, unresponsive and at most times refuses to work, or at least refuses to find 2 more people to put in the match, leaving the teams with bots. Not only this, but it often throws players into already-started matches, confoundingly moreso than putting them in lobbies.Additionally, this game has no form of compensation for other players' slow internet speeds. This means if one player's internet is slogging behind, the rest of the match will suffer. Not only that, but if someone else's internet connection isn't stable enough, the game regularly stops and refreshes the entire match, which is increasingly frustrating as it seems to actually be getting more frequent over time of this being released.In addition, there is absolutely no penalty for players leaving matches. By no punishment, I mean there is absolutely nothing in place to encourage players to stay for the majority of the match, let alone the party. Disconnecters get every reward they earned in the match, and no penalty to matchmaking, as they can immediately search for a new game. Not only does this affect the balance of the match and give the opposite team an unfair advantage, it also contributes to the connectivity problems that hold this game back, as the server needs to compensate for someone leaving the peer group.A select few people claim to not have these problems, or have had them in the open beta, but this only makes the problem seem smaller than it is, as it seems the majority of players have been complaining of these issues, as well as reviewers.TL;DR, the servers in this game are broken, and that completely changes what would otherwise be a very positive review. The current support for this game is absolutely shameful as it stands, and I would rather not see this become another The Division."
,Not Recommended,304390,30102648,Posted: 22 February,all,Sc077ish,"Repetetive, Horrendous matchmaking, Myriad of balancing issues and the guardbreak mechanic is outright broken."
,Not Recommended,304390,32822037,Posted: 26 June,all,Jeddy2,"I originally played For Honor on PS4 a few weeks after the game's launch. The game had (and still has) its faults, but it was such a cool concept that you could look past some of them. The game was enjoyable for the most part. The campaign was a nice addition that helped you learn how to play the game, and ended up being so unintentionally funny that it was almost worth playing for the humor factor alone.However, plenty of time has passed since then and this game has not aged well. The servers are just as bad, if not worse than they were around launch and the playerbase is abysmally small. It takes around 2-5 minutes to find a match and chances are the teams are horribly unbalanced and the server lag will be awful. Some characters feel incredibly unbalanced (the two DLC characters come to mind), but that doesn't matter too much anymore because you barely get to play.It's sad to see a game with so much potential die off before it even hits half a year old, but that's the best way to describe For Honor. It's a dying game with a rapidly diminishing playerbase plagued with the same issues it's had since launch. I definitely would advise against buying this game unless major changes occur and the game somehow gains new life."
76561198040308995,Recommended,304390,30219365,Posted: 27 February,all,✿Joypuke,Bought the gold edition for PC and own a copy on ps4.For me it is worth the money because:•It has awesome graphics that are well optimized.•It's fresh and unique.•Compelling story lines that are well put together.•Immersive sound tracks.•satisfying combat mechanics.•Rewards skill.•Feels competitive in PVP.•VIKINGS!!!I will not ignore the fact that it has bugs and current balancing issues.I've read that people do have server/connection difficulties but that has not been an issue for me.
76561198066689036,Not Recommended,304390,30639699,Posted: 20 March,all,marcus,you know its a good game when you got to turn off your computer to exit the game
76561198117584152,Not Recommended,304390,30353693,Posted: 6 March,all,GunterGamingHD,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMe!!! This game had so much potential to be a highly competitive online combat game, but the wait times are actually unbelievable. If you buy this game youc an expect to have 40 hours recorded on steam with only 10 of those hours having been in actuall combat. A complete waste of money and honestly if yousomeone get this game for free it isnt even wortht he space on your hard drive."
76561198286713055,Not Recommended,304390,29978017,Posted: 16 February,all,ArshAn_8881,♥♥♥♥ you server
,Not Recommended,304390,30992220,Posted: 6 April,all,Keggers,"I tried so hard to love this game and for the most part, I really did. I have 120+ hours played and definitely feel as if I've gotten my money's worth but I can't bring myself to play this game anymore. The imbalances of heroes is beyond ridiculous and the most recent patch just feels like a kick in the teeth. The only thing the developers listened to is one hero being underpowered, other than that - all of the community's feedback was thrown straight out the window. Lately, this game makes me want to throw my computer out the window more than anything and I just won't play it anymore...If you're a new player, forget it --- the gear indifferences in every 4v4 mode will make you rage so hard. Even if you're someone who has played since launch, forget trying to play a new character because the matchmaking is nonexistent and you'll get matched against fully geared players as a poor 1(0) character.Just like The Division, this feels like another failed Ubisoft release with another poor developer who is forced to push out garbage content. It took almost 2 months for us to get a map that we had in beta... As I said, I got my money's worth but I wouldn't recommend anyone new to buy this game."
76561198137393069,Not Recommended,304390,29981388,Posted: 17 February,all,kaya,Whatever queue you get in you always end up against BOTs. For now only Vs AI works.
76561198131515699,Not Recommended,304390,29965479,Posted: 16 February,all,Kei,"everything went smooth until error and connection problem intensively come, darn it"
,Not Recommended,304390,30054836,Posted: 20 February,all,Flame-kun,"TL;DR They didn't even solve issues on beta. Don't buy this game unless it's on 80% discount.Pros:+ Optimized Graphics+ Realistic mode in story+ Story modeCons:- Game's freezing when someone gets DCed and replaced by bot- You're freezing when you replacing a bot- Sometimes match progress syncing takes one eternity- No offline modeLast but not least, this will be the long one:Read this, all of you who say this is a ""fighting game"". This is not Tekken, Guilty Gear, Blazblue, XBlaze, Street Fighter; not even that Dead or Alive!Majority plays in 4v4 mode. Sure, there's 2v2 and 1v1 mode, but are those modes ever touch ""very high activity""? Or at least, ""high activity""? It's not the reason to use P2P in a game like this.If you want to get your base from Dark Souls, here:Dark Souls is also game that adopts P2P, but it is because that game is RPG. That game's objective is fighting monster, not people! It doesn't matter if there's enemy that is another human, as long as we could make it to the boss and win the bossfight, you're trough.This game is different, which pits you against people. And because you fight people to win, the objective is veeeeeeeeeeeeery different. So if you got lag, or someone is lagging, it can ruin the whole match.No. We cannot use P2P on 4v4. At least, give dedicated server for Deathmatch and Dominion mode."
76561198237028826,Not Recommended,304390,29965275,Posted: 16 February,all,Aka Sly,"I really wanted to like this game. Cant even connect to Ubisoft servers, will be requesting refund for the unplayabilit."
,Not Recommended,304390,30337693,Posted: 5 March,all,ocelot,"The game play of For Honor is soooo ♥♥♥♥ing good. Its like a dumbed down fighting game that is much easier to pick up than say Smash or Street Fighter, but still takes a lot of skill and practice to master. The gameplay is so rewarding when you get it right and outplay the crap out of your opponent. I'm going to repeat again, THE GAMEPLAY IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD.So whats wrong with this game? Why is it being downvoted? Because of everything thats wrong with all the games from Ubisoft, they try to push stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that shouldn't exist.Here are some of the problems with the game:1. Uplay sucks♥♥♥♥♥and constantly disconnects2. Micro freaking transactions3. There is no official servers, all the games are done p2p (actually this might not be that bad as Ubisoft servers might be even worse)4. Theres no ""ranked"" mode, though they did say that is coming later the year, but why is it not in the game at launch?This game is supposed to be played competitively, and not having a ranked mode or ladder system really diminishes that5. The main mode that is being supported ""dominion"" sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I just want to play the ♥♥♥♥ing amazing fighting game esk gameplay in 1v1s and 2v2s or even 4v4s but the non points one. I don't want points or moba esk macro gameplay, I just want the damn fighting game. If I wanted a moba experience I would be playing League or Dota or Heroes of the Storm or even Overwatch, or any moba ish games thats not dominion mode6. The gear system is aweful. People can have much better gear through leveling and you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked if you have worse gear and theres not much you can do about it7. DID I MENTION UPLAY SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥ I can barely keep a lobby up with my friends and have to constantly rehost lobbiesWith all that being said, I love the game and will probably be playing more of it, but I do not recommend the game at its current state especially when there are much more better products you can buy.The actual gameplay and mechanics of the game are sooo damn good that it blows my mind how Ubisoft was able to screw this game up and make it a bad product. I just hope they keep supporting the game like Rainbow Six Siege and fix what almost everyone is saying that is wrong with the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30347984,Posted: 5 March,all,Regular,"Well il say this much the games pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ The campain is fun and the multiplayer can be. But in a multiplayer game theres never that fight and after your like YEAH that was fun. No everytime you fight its extremely stressfull. And Like I said theres never that moment when you lose a game and your like ""Im ok with losing this game it was a good fight"" No its more like absoulute anger. Its a play to win game, You really want to win. In the game theres a system were you can knock  into the enemy to make them stunned pretty much Its called guardbreak. Well lets say your enemy is raising there sword and YOU RAM YOUR FAT♥♥♥♥♥INTO THERE CHEST. well they arent effected like at all they just stand there and you run out of stamina then they bring down there sword. Theres never a way to win without slaming your ♥♥♥♥ing keyboard."
,Not Recommended,304390,29995260,Posted: 17 February,all,LyCo,"This game is good, but the connection issues destroy em all. I dont recommend this game! A waste of Money... if they solve the connection issues..oh wait its ubisoft....they wont do anything!"
76561198120633667,Not Recommended,304390,29949928,Posted: 15 February,all,hijoeiv,"60 dollar gameNo dedicated server. P2P servers cause lag all the time to the point I'm disconnected for inactivity when I'm literally killing someone at the same time.30 Dollars allows you to skip all talent progression, so richer players get immediate advantages. ♥♥♥♥ing pay to win in a 60 dollar game.40 dollar season pass. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Ubisoft.Microtransactions for everything, more advantages for richer players. Turns everything into a game of haves and have-nots.Single player campaign REQUIRES you to be online on UPLAY at all times. It's boring too so forget that.Refunding..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30353005,Posted: 6 March,all,Brecken,Servers =♥♥♥♥♥♥Match maker =♥♥♥♥♥♥Progression =♥♥♥♥♥♥Story = averageMelee system = below averageBalance =♥♥♥♥♥♥Worth the money = No♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft = yes
,Not Recommended,304390,30718703,Posted: 24 March,all,[TGH]TeraBad,I want to love this game but the meta is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ Defense is king and I never get matched against simliar skill level. It is all too low or too high.
,Recommended,304390,32242373,Posted: 7 June,all,Philip Zeplin,"For Honor is getting a lot of hate - some deserved, a lot undeserved from just very angry gamers. Long story short: do I recommend you buy For Honor? Yes, I do.Pros:Innovative new gameplay styles.Incredibly addicting combat.High skill roof.Complex enough for hundreds of hours of gameplay.Graphically beautiful.Continously updated.Cons:After 4 months, the game still has connection issues. Can be quite frustrating.Minor balance issues - however, in a game like For Honor, even minor balance changes can feel massive at times.Somewhat small PC playerbase makes matchmaking sometimes take a few minutes, and limits proper skill-based matchmaking due to lower player numbers.High skill curve makes it a bit unforgiving for new players.Very salty playerbase.Here's the thing, For Honor has technical issues. Yes. Are they gamebreaking? No, not for me, and to my understanding, not for the majority. Are there balance issues? Yes, but they are HARDLY as bad as the many critics make them out to be - it's a L2P issue mostly.Look at the negative reviews here, and look at how much NOT THE GAME they are critizing. They hate Ubisoft. They hate season passes. They hate you can buy in-game currency with real money (but really, unless you wanna madly pimp out your character day-one, you in no way need to, and it has no real effect on gameplay). The list goes on, but rarely do they actually have valid criticism of THE GAME.The worst thing about For Honor is it's whiny and salty community, that will complain about everything and anything.The best part is... well, the game. The game is goddamned amazing."
,Not Recommended,304390,30112229,Posted: 22 February,all,Marc3llo,"Matchmaking is trash, as a new player you keep getting put against people that have been playing since closed beta and have been grinding this game 24/7Most classes can easily kill you in 1 combo so its not even fun going against them"
,Not Recommended,304390,29943489,Posted: 15 February,all,Zombie,"Me buying an Ubisoft game, looks like I am getting desperate. Anyways, here is my review I am going to keep it straight to the point and short not to bore you all.What I liked:- Good duel mechanics, a few different ways to attack enemies and counter. Feel a bit like chivalry and Alien Vs Predator about that. But done in a good way.- Sweet customization which can change a few different stuff. On that I was pleased to see I could make my own samurai or knightWhat I didn't like-The different modes are kinda sketchy, it didn't feel right, I either found myself getting 4 vs 1 or running around capturing point like it was a sport or something. And since most people don't have honor having a 1vs 1 defending a point feels nice until an a-hole comes in your back and stabs you.- No dedicated server? Ubisoft you jerk. Unless you didn't know it existed-Low content, solo mission is like a call of duty campaigne. And the multi player has 3 game modes.-You can pay in game now. And yes gear have differente effects. So yes there is aPAY TO WINin a 60 euro game.ConclusionIt's a good game, but since it was made by Ubisoft its way too expensive with nice graphics. I don't want to pay 60 euros for sweets graphics I pay to have a game worth 60 bucks. This game should be priced 20 -25 Euros. I suggest waiting for sales, but since its Ubisoft good luck.Screw you Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30075033,Posted: 21 February,all,SpartanC,"I want to love For Honor, but there is so much about it to hate. Ubisoft really shot themselves in the foot with this one.-$60 game with $40 season pass-Microtransactions-""Premium"" accounts-Requires ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Steam wannabe ""UPlay""-P2P connections (why oh why)-Monotonous grind that will make you wish for death's sweet embrace-Campaign is absolute trashI've been playing the Lawbringer exclusively since I got the game. There are 20 levels, and then you can prestige 30 times. I've prestiged ONCE and I'm level 10, this has taken me 30 hours. For me to reach prestige 30 and unlock all of the customization options for this ONE CHARACTER would take 250-300 hours, and that's with a ~60% win rate in my matches.I'm not going to waste that much of my life on something that isn't that great to begin with. This will be the last title I buy from Ubisoft for the forseeable future."
76561198050651772,Not Recommended,304390,30641887,Posted: 20 March,all,porkwhitemeat,"Welp, what a disappointment.  I played the closed/open beta which is the only reason why I purchased another ubisoft game and, as usual ubicrap has dropped the ball.  I have more connection problems post launch than I ever did during the closed beta.  At least 3/4 of the matches played results in some ""synchronization"" where it leaves you unlocked from the target youre fighting and rewinds about 4 to 6 seconds worth of combat, often resulting in you dying even though you just threw someone off a cliff or performed an execution.  The rewind puts you back into a previous frame of combat and it may result in you taking  a heavy hit which cant be stopped because youre not locked on target after synchro and its unexpected.Also, after playing for awhile now I can say that there are definite inbalances of classes and thus far the character buffs they have done has created further frustration of vortex's (valkyrie).  The spam game of certain classes is just ridiculous (warden, PK lights, valkyrie, conqueror).  Some are worse than others.  The balancing already made in the game doesn't make a lot of sense ex.  they take away warlords headbutt feint into gb but they keep the wardens.The last stability patch made actually made the stability issues worse.  It also made some new bugs like raiders charge now passes through enemies that are stunned in a trap that he sets out.  He just runs right through them and often leads to you getting gb by a low stamina/stunned oppenent and tossed off the ledge that you just set up an ambush on.  I have no idea how making a patch that is supposed to make the game more stable completely breaks raiders charge but it is clearly related as it happened immediately after the patch and I have a feeling there are more bugs.Also be prepared to play the same damn map over and over again because for whatever reason they took away most of the maps and when you get into a lobby youre going to play on whatever the name of the map is and guess what after the game EVERYONE will leave so you must re queue and you will start on the same damn map again because you can't vote for a map until post game but....you guessed it everyone will leave so you must re queue resulting in playing on the same damn map over and over and over and over again.This game does have so much potential to be awesome and I often think about how good this game could actually be if someone, hell, anyone other than ubisoft actually made this game.Do yourself a favor and  DO NOT BUY this game.  The constant disconnections and error messages are a plague in the game and do not listen to the fanboys who tell you it is a ""minor"" inconvenience.  It is a major inconvenience and a staple of the game.  It's a joke at how bad the connection problems actually are.  And no I do not have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet it is the game in itself its just broken.Buyer beware!!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30935485,Posted: 3 April,all,Cool man,this game wouldn't be in anyones library if they could get a refund after 2 hours
76561198006348040,Not Recommended,304390,31012386,Posted: 8 April,all,Fredder,"This game has the potential to be an amazing game, but ubi is using it just for a cash grab, P2P severs and ignore what the community wants whilst taking ages to come out with patches which don't make any sense. Maybe in the future it will be good but for now i don't recommend."
76561198158011268,Not Recommended,304390,30191420,Posted: 26 February,all,DRAGON LADY ^^v,"I am trying to bias to Ubisoft, I tried hard to pursuade myself that this is a very great game BUTThe internet connection really irritate me to the extend that I can no longer support Ubisoft, This game is a very wonderful game but the connectivity really a ruin for everything.An Error has occured. Returning to Main MuneAn Error has occured. Returning to Main MuneAn Error has occured. Returning to Main MuneAn Error has occured. Returning to Main Munewas the statement that you would probably learn from the game even you are English Alien.Completing A FULL MATCH is a challenge, it felt like if you successfully complete a match without anyone Dropping...I guess the steam should grant you an achievement called ""Proper Game"" achievement!I could not recommend the game before it could be fix...I am sorry Ubisoft and as a loyal customer I am losing confident to your bad connectivity and disgusting greed"
76561198065088068,Not Recommended,304390,30127476,Posted: 23 February,all,Meme Thief Ordinaire,"The same thing everyone else has an issue with, connectivity. I usually don't care to write reviews but it's INCREDIBLY bad and playing around trying to see if it gets better was a♥♥♥♥♥♥idea because no refund for me."
76561197997068360,Not Recommended,304390,29997063,Posted: 17 February,all,KelSaor,Not worth the price of admission. Just a disappointing game.
,Not Recommended,304390,29941187,Posted: 15 February,all,เจ๊ศรี,Worst Sever EVER!!!!
76561198161426338,Not Recommended,304390,32724427,Posted: 24 June,all,Dreadful Sinister,Stay away its not worth the price!!!. Wait for a tremendous sale like 10 bucks to purchase this!!!
76561198019198239,Not Recommended,304390,30082240,Posted: 21 February,all,NaNNerpuss,Microtransactions? Why is this needed in my premium game?Connectivity Issues?Most Frustrating game mechanics?Horrible community?Yes to all and will keep me from this game. i normally dont write reviews but this one i was really excited for and just let me down.
76561198071278664,Recommended,304390,30007929,Posted: 18 February,all,Losecifer,game is good as hell played 60+ hours and as of the writing of this review only had 3 games with any sort of connection issue
,Not Recommended,304390,30061401,Posted: 20 February,all,Water.TheRealSanic,"Well this game isn't shareable thanks to UPlay, just another problem that Über-Sh-ite brings to the table."
76561198098302755,Not Recommended,304390,31120840,Posted: 13 April,all,PIED PIPER,The game itself is good. But Ubisoft is worthless. This game is worthless because it doesnt matter how good the game is if youn can never get in the match.HUGE WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT BUY. BOYCOTT UBISOFT.
76561198162057080,Recommended,304390,31724550,Posted: 13 May,all,Apprentice Naldal,Good Game but slow mm
76561198143305728,Recommended,304390,29980028,Posted: 17 February,all,paulxdg,i hate nobushi (by warden)
,Recommended,304390,34169739,Posted: 11 August,all,Koffe,"I really enjoy the game quite a lot. The initial skill curve is harsh, but training with your friends and doing the campaign makes it fun to learn.The servers were quite an issue for me at first, but not only have the problem next to dissapeared since I started playing, but the developers have promised to migrate to dedicated servers soon enough.Besides the issue with the servers (Which will dissapear in the near future) There is not much I can complain about the gameplay itself. It is fun, challenging, competitive, and a heck of an awesome experience when you get all the nitty and gritty moves of your main hero down.7/10 with Peer to peer servers9/10 when dedicated servers arrive"
76561197979655447,Not Recommended,304390,29982793,Posted: 17 February,all,Major Alex Louis Armstrong,"Gameplay itself is really fun no doubt; however:- technical issues (p2p lol wtf idiots from ubisfot)- anticheat is a joke- lacking core mechanics a bit- imbalanceSo it's a NO from me, at least untill they fix the tecnical part of the game."
76561198150188884,Recommended,304390,31637852,Posted: 8 May,all,Mark linkous,"Honestly this is the only review you should need the game is good and polished. you have to ""git gud"" pretty much everything can be doged or parryed or blocked. people complain about getting thrown off.... lmao don't stand near an edge? it's already forgiving enough to not allow you to just jump off to die most times. if you want this game and you're not a quiter and you can git gud, welcome to the pitts."
,Not Recommended,304390,30055632,Posted: 20 February,all,Zark FuckerNerd,It would be a waste of everyones time to right a full review... DONT BUY
76561198079341896,Recommended,304390,34724636,Posted: 3 September,all,Peace Keeper Knight,"Love the game, they are working on what we need done and fixing, cant rush something when they need to tweak time to time but i think its been good as is. I Love this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,32700594,Posted: 23 June,all,Takoudo,"This game seemed very good at release. It has been going down hill since then. I regret my purchase. I don't think I will buy Ubisoft games in the future without confirming that it is of good quality. Look up For Honor problems and pretty much any issue is an actual issue with the game. There is just so much wrong. Micro transactions, and peer to peer conncection so Ubisoft does not have to buy servers. This is very greedy. The overpowered characters currently cost the most. They take an exceptionally long time to balance them. The campaign is the best part and its not that good. I am extremely disapointed. This is a bigger blunder than Assassins Creed Unity on release. It's actually depressing. I hope that people avoid purchasing this game to avoid the regret that I have. I wouldn't spend 5 dollors on this game if I knew it would become this."
,Not Recommended,304390,29987136,Posted: 17 February,all,sammy,Cross platform faction play. Does not mean cross plaform play at all.Only the world map meta game is cross platform. A map... just a map. That you look at. Is cross platform. That doesnt even make sense.I started hating ubisoft a few years ago because of their overhyping. But when this released and my friend and I wanted to play and saw cross platform. He immediately went console. because he perfers consoles. And I went PC just today realizing that we cant actually play together. PC does not in any shape or form give an advantage over console players. In fact the controller players have an advantage over kb/m players.Then seeing all the lvl1 people who bought their way into being better is super frustrating. Ubisoft is slowly becoming some mutated form of korean f2p mmo developers with all this cash shop nonsense.I played the beta of wildlands and hated it. This will more than likely be my last ubisoft purchase.
,Not Recommended,304390,29926278,Posted: 14 February,all,M E M E R,"I'm one hour in and this is nothing like the beta. Actually, I should say it's exactly like the beta, but less excitement and more of Ubisoft's classic marketing schemes. Don't get me wrong, I love the concept of this game. I just hate that it was made like this. It's actually offensive to put an $80 price tag on this. Now I know why I loved the beta so much: it was FREE.Here's what I've noticed. The matchmaking is broken, the P2P system used in multiplayer is disgusting (as someone who is majoring in networking I'm shocked that a company like Ubisoft can't afford to buy dedicated servers), and many of the bugs inherent in the beta are still there (no surprises with Ubisoft...). It was a mistake to get so hyped up over this game during the beta. The combat is a great concept and the design is cool, but the $80 price tag with microtransactions tacked on is honestly offensive with the content they're presenting here. That and the uPlay system is a bugger to deal with as always. A classic Ubisoft bait-and-switch; hype the game up and release a cash grab instead.I would totally recommend this game to anyone if it weren't $80 plus microtransactions. What is this, World of Warcraft? At least World of Warcraft has its own dedicated servers! The combat mechanics are a great idea but they're just executed in a way that the game is just a game about timing three button presses plus moving your right stick around (speaking of using the right stick, the game is absolutely impossible to play without a controller). I love the war asset idea too. I love so much about this game! And then you actually play it and realize how broken it really is.I've already submitted my refund request. Ubisoft, you should be ashamed. I thought you guys were on a new track after Seige, which was amazing. Apparently you'll never change.Overall Score:3/10Overall Score if the bugs were fixed and the P2P model was removed:8/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,29929597,Posted: 14 February,all,SearcherForGamers,Servers are terrible at the moment. You can hardly play a game without getting kicked out or struggling to find a game at the loading screen. Until they improve their servers it's getting a dislike from me. But the gameplay is brillant and has potential to be a great game. Just a shame it owned by Ubisoft:/
,Not Recommended,304390,29970941,Posted: 16 February,all,Kodak Blak,"Why ruin an amazing game with peer to peer connection? Why? It is quite possibly one of the worst design models Ubisoft could have used. Blows my mind. I queue for elimination 5 times; 1st and 2nd time it puts me in a game thats over. 3rd time I get stuck in the vs screen cause someone has bad internet. 4th and 5th time it puts me into a skirmish even though I have elimination favorited.... Winning a 1v1 against a bot? WELL TOO BAD because if someone joins mid fight in place of that bot, you have to fight that player over again while they have full hp. And beware the rollback, if someone joins midgame, the game will pause nomatter what situation you are in and will unpause in a position a few seconds before the pause happened.TLDR: Dont buy it, not because its a bad game, its actually really fun. Dont buy it so Ubisoft gets the hint that they used a terrible multiplayer system."
76561198143297357,Not Recommended,304390,29975011,Posted: 16 February,all,IPlayForFun,"Biggest ♥♥♥♥ up of 2017 calling it now.How does a company throw away a lead like this? So much potential in this game and so much of it is thrown away. Can't afford ♥♥♥♥ing dedicated servers? Need to go to p2p? Not even surprised, Ubisoft is trying to milk this dry just like literally all of their other games. Not even surprised."
,Not Recommended,304390,29944312,Posted: 15 February,all,Mutrux,"This game has the potential to No Man's Sky itself because of lack of dedicated servers. Wait times are ridiculous with 39,000 active players at the moment. Cheating is already becoming an issue. Please Ubisoft fix this i want to like this game so much."
,Not Recommended,304390,30763039,Posted: 26 March,all,KYLE1,terrible game should be a 5 dollar game
76561198374135582,Recommended,304390,31797424,Posted: 16 May,all,CthuluCthuluCthulu,"Solid game, don't buy into the hate.I mean there are some weird balancing issues but they're pretty minor.Just play the game and enjoy this new IP."
76561198102242540,Not Recommended,304390,29966593,Posted: 16 February,all,Method Man,A $60 AAA title should have been tested far better than this. I get disconnected from fights for inactivity despite obviously moving around. Makes no sense at all. I'll be looking for a refund.
76561198076633194,Not Recommended,304390,30061176,Posted: 20 February,all,FunDeat,♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft servers and p2p system kill this game. Beta was better than release.
,Not Recommended,304390,29944323,Posted: 15 February,all,Totes Mcgoats,It's a fantastic game. The multiplayer matches are awesome! That is if you can actually get into one. The servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥which in turn ruins the game all together. Yea you could play the story line which is fine if you're just bored as hell but the story line isn't why anyone wants the game! I just wanna ♥♥♥♥ing throw down and split some skulls but i'm held at bay by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection. Good job ubisoft. You suck again
,Not Recommended,304390,29937721,Posted: 15 February,all,josh66norm,As much as i like this game I wouldn't buy it for the fact they gave me the russian version when i asked for the english version. Great game connection was shot from time to time. I say buy this when it's on sale not at full price.
,Not Recommended,304390,29966465,Posted: 16 February,all,unrealdustin,"Nothing has been fixed since beta, so what's the point if they're going to recognize the issues but do nothing to fix them. Thought it would be different from beta, but more than half my games end due to disconnects. Huge waste of time considering the slow loading speeds, long reconnects, stutters trying to view the world screen and my characters, extremely long grind, and their unique pay to win method tacked behind an already high price tag. Don't get me wrong, I've been excited about this game for months now, but it's been a monumental letdown.""Cannot load game, match is already full""""Cannot load, returning to world screen""EDIT- I think the gameplay mechanics are extrememly well done, but that means nothing if I wait for a five minute load screen to be placed in a game as a spectator, and cannot actually play. Or have the host leave 5 seconds before a 10 minute game is finished."
,Not Recommended,304390,30061501,Posted: 20 February,all,LOVE-HANAKO,it seems you can only fight people if you fight everyone by yourself good luck
,Not Recommended,304390,29959318,Posted: 16 February,all,Luke,Ubishit. Waiting on refund.
76561198091380710,Not Recommended,304390,29919036,Posted: 14 February,all,alwayswannafarm,"first comes the ""unbisoft service not available"" problem. then it's ""close Xenos injector before staring"". i had the first problem solved but i dont know how to close Xenos injector and there isnt much help on the internet either. so i gave up. is this supposed to be a PC game or a PC lesson? I want my refund."
,Recommended,304390,30174964,Posted: 25 February,all,alphiee #2199,"!!OLD VERIONS!! UBISOFT PLEASE LET ME PLAY THE GAMEMODE I WANT TO PLAY AND NOT F*CKING SKIRMISH! IF I WANT TO PLAY SKIRMISH I WILL SELECT IT DON'T YOU WORRY SWEETHEART!!...seriously though. !!OLD VERISON!!!!UPDATED REVIEW!! THEY LET YOU CHOOSE BETWEEN SKIRMISH AND ELIMINATION NOW, 11/10!"
76561198041826040,Recommended,304390,30001260,Posted: 17 February,all,Outfoxt,"The core gameplay is deep and incredibly fun. However, the connectivity issues are insanely bad (i.e. random 'inactivity' disconnects while fighting, party members dropping from game at random, etc.)This game could easily be one the best games out there if they would just get some damn servers. With all the money that ubisoft is raking in from the title + microtransactions, it's completely unreasonable to not have dedicated servers."
76561198065769145,Not Recommended,304390,29941251,Posted: 15 February,all,Daskingfisher,Some of the worst balance ive seen in a while
,Not Recommended,304390,29937917,Posted: 15 February,all,Noxinmynamexx,Fix the framerate issues and i'll give it a good review. fun game but even with an overclocked 8 core 8350 CPU and a msi 1070 armor GPU i get kicked from online matches for framerate issues...also when not being kicked for frame rate issues mid match you get Freezes for server issues and then you reconnect half dead... fun offline for the small storyline terrible online.
,Recommended,304390,34724679,Posted: 3 September,all,Sugarwolf,"I have waited to review this game for the longest time but now i feel like it's time to review it.First off, when I first started playing this game I had troubles seeing if I liked it but it grew on me. I don't know what happened but I just randomly started loving the game. I still have yet to have a genuine burn out of this game and every time I get bored I just pick up a new character. Almost every character has a MAJOR learning curve and I think that the majority of the hate that comes to this game is from people just not taking the time to learn to git gud. I spent a decent amount of time in the ""How To Play"" section of the game and sometimes I still go back to it. I haven't had a genuine passion for a game like I have for For Honor (besides C.O.D Black Ops 2 and Skyrim).In the end all I really have to say is DEUS VULT."
76561198043530229,Not Recommended,304390,29963054,Posted: 16 February,all,almoktar2,My home host is way better than their host.
,Not Recommended,304390,30061529,Posted: 20 February,all,DeniedGrandpa,If you injoy getting attacked by the whole team while you are by yourself them this is the game for you. Ever wonder what it would be like to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this is it. Ubisoft you've out done yourself this time.
,Not Recommended,304390,29938613,Posted: 15 February,all,Almundan,Uplay and constant connection errors. But microtransaction store still works just fine :^)
76561198066505305,Not Recommended,304390,29933541,Posted: 14 February,all,Cygnus,overpricedp2pin game purchases everywherecan't recommend it
,Recommended,304390,31830990,Posted: 18 May,all,atomwalker,"I bought For Honor fully understanding that Steam Reviews read ""Mixed"", and while the issues many users have are real (and I have experienced some of them myself), I do not regret my purchase.For Honor is a history buff's dream come true: Knights vs. Vikings vs. Samurai. It derives more power from the fantasy of such a concept, rather than its practical application; and this is not a bad thing. Yes, it is close to impossible that a true samurai warrior would be able to disembowel a heavily-armored knight, but you suspend belief for the sake of enjoyment.The combat system is tightly crafted; easy to learn, painstaking to master, but rewarding to those who do. The seemingly simplistic guard manuevers (Left, Right, Up stances) are masterfully integrated into each character, each of whom take advantage of the game's core mechanics in their own way. Make no mistake: this game isnotMortal Kombat. Half of your time mastering the ""Art of Combat"" system will be simply blocking and manuevering, rather than memorizing combos.The story is a mixed bag. It introduces the factions and (most) of their respective character classes, and is generally a good place to start for new players. Think of the Campaign as an extended tutorial; some of the characters, despite the b-movie voice acting, are actually quite enjoyable, and I wished that some got more development by the time the credits rolled.Finally, Multiplayer. At launch, For Honor's multiplayer was almost universally panned for its netcode and connectivity issues; constantly fluctuating peer-to-peer hosting (why this choice was made is beyond me) and alarmingly frequent disconnects and crashes made the game's multiplayer features almost impossible to experience. However, having bought the game several months after launch, I can definitively say that I've experienced less than a half-dozen instances of host migration (none of which resulted in a disconnect) and an equally small amount of pauses wherein the lobby needed to recover its ping. To reiterate:Multiplayer is fully functional, with little to no issues that I have experienced as of the time of this review.For Honor is not a perfect game. A handful of characters remain at a significant advantage over others for the same amount of skill (Looking at you, Valkyrie and Nobushi). It is not a purchase I regret, and I intend to spend many more hours on the fields of battle.Come, warrior. It is time for you to join the war."
76561198042307005,Not Recommended,304390,30018828,Posted: 18 February,all,Ben Dover,Eh no
,Not Recommended,304390,30003622,Posted: 18 February,all,SGTSolj,"The game is the biggest load of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever wasted money on and I regret putting so many hours into it so that I can't get my refund now. The matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥ed, level 1 guys are facing off against fully geared prestiege opponents. The servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥and constantly disconnect people from your group out of games, and you can leave a game so youre forced to play and they just have to wait for you to finish. The game has a huge list of faults that need to get address if it ever wants to be something that people aren't going to quit in 2 hours because the mechanics are broken."
76561198002636444,Not Recommended,304390,29963067,Posted: 16 February,all,Demonsage,"game with one good ideia, very bad executed"
,Not Recommended,304390,29930402,Posted: 14 February,all,Devianne,utter garbage game. ubisoft at its best again. 60 EUR game. fkin micro transactions. gameplay fundamentally flawed where it is about who grabbes best. screw combat because its just about throwing people to death
,Not Recommended,304390,29946601,Posted: 15 February,all,Necriptos,"Beta was great, this however, not so much.-microtransactions in a 60€ game-season pass-peacekeeper bugged at launchi really hope i can get a refund on this, i feel like i just have been scammed hard by ubishiti had hopes the story mode would compensate well :-it's pretty short-not all classes are even played in story mode-not fun and very repetitive, same bashing of bots over and over again-collectibles? seriously ubishit...during the beta i had absolutely no issues in multiplayer, didn't feel any lag or anything, in this i have tons of issue, when the host lags sometimes you see that you successfuly blocked and next frame you are being executed, there is some deep issue in the way this is codded.edit : could not get a refund, guess i'm stuck with this hehwell we can only hope it goes free2play, in 2 weeks top anyway nobody will play it anymore."
76561198159236563,Not Recommended,304390,31390731,Posted: 27 April,all,Cunnilingus Dingus,"If you get stuck with the strict NAT type, theres no helping you, ggUbisoft is too OP and desperately needs a nerf"
76561198036447939,Not Recommended,304390,29994308,Posted: 17 February,all,Yennefer ♀,"''Greetings guys, this is the first game i ever asked refund for, i am very disappointed at how it turned out. I have believed i would experience large scale pvp medieval battles, sieges and so on, but all i got was a very small brawl scale 4 vs 4 pvp on some mini maps. Furthermore matchmaking is poor and game doesn't have ''official servers'' but instead is using so called ''peer to peer'' connection which often works out poorly for me.Most important reason why i want a refund is simply because game is not what i imagined it to be.''This is more-less what i sent to steam support as a refund request but it also serves as a personnal review from me and my experience with the game.One word........''Underwhelming'', that is how i felt after playing the game, there is no epic scale, there are no true battles, just mini skirmishes.  I understand others may like the game, but i don't."
,Not Recommended,304390,30700734,Posted: 24 March,all,Cpt.McMurder,"after clocking in a (in my eyes) decent amount of game time. im gonna have to give this a thumbs down. why, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connectivity is one reason, another reason is no pentalty system for leaving. ranged weapons need to get throw out the window, im just sitting here having a 2v1 (against me) winning having a grand old time. when suddenly, im dead cause some fckhead pulls a bow out of nowhere at point blank range."
,Not Recommended,304390,30702633,Posted: 24 March,all,RainBowCarrot,"I really wanted to love this game, I really did. The core gameplay is solid the 1v1's are thirilling and its fun, however ubi decided to go with p2p connection (which is for people who dont know player to player connection) this would have been acceptable, maybe a decade ago but not in 2017 where everyone runs dedicate servers and aside from the god awful connection that even affects your singeplayer becuase you are online24/7 so you can almost complete a mission and if you get dcd (DURING SINGLEPLAYER) youll have to do the mission all over again and from personal exprience that sucks♥♥♥♥♥ so aside from that, most classes are balanced except 2 which are incredibly dominant in touranments (Conq/warlord) the rest is fine, the micro transactions with the steel are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying that you pay for a 60$ game and still get microtransactions shoved down your throat like this is some f2p mmorpg overall i cant give this game a thumbs up until all of the problems above are fixed and i doubt they will conisdering its ubisoft, so if you enjoy disconnecting more than actually playing, and if you get to high skill lvl playing against the same playstlye of afk defense into parry into gb, and also having ubi mention at every corner that you NEED TO BUY STEEL (the games main currency) go ahead and buy the game, youll end up writing this same review.0/10 smashing your monitor simulator."
,Not Recommended,304390,30191243,Posted: 26 February,all,TJK,"Honestly, I wanted to love this game. I'd give it a lower score than what I have based on how disappointed I am, but that's based on my own hype for the game that got rudely awoken by Ubisoft's laziness and greed. However, I will try to be fair and just grade it on what works and what doesn't.1. P2P connections and shoddy base servers. You connect to whoever is hosting the match, and if that connection sucks, you're gonna suck. Base servers go down from time to time as well. There was a 7-hour outage today for example, and then it got fixed for an hour, and now it's down again. Not reliable in the slightest, and certainly not fair since the game has to be online to even play Singleplayer.2. Bot logic is cowardly and cheap. Bots will sometimes abandon their duel with you to go swarm some lone player nearby. If not swarming some poor guy, the bots will often just spam their unblockable attacks or throw you around until you fall off a cliff. The bots have perfect timing on counters and comboes, and flawlessly execute them without shame or falter. You will have to spam the guarranteed-hits comboes and other free-damage type moves in order to beat them with actual combat. There's no catching them by surprise at all, so you can't do any damage without stunning them first, and even then, they can usually counter the stun. Then they spam their unblockable combo until they're out of stamina and back off. Eventually, everyone can be beaten somehow, but it's extremely tedious and sucks the fun out of the fight. Although, if you don't beat your opponent fast enough, and a teammate loses their duel, you better believe that the extra opponent is coming to swarm you. They will not hesitate to bounce you between attacks from three different people until you're dead. Revenge mode can prolong this fight a little longer so maybe a teammate can join the fight or you can get better positioned, but it's often not enough. Once the bots start swarming, you're basically screwed.3. Matchmaking desperately needs more polish. The filter for ""player skill"" is extremely broad, and the gear values aren't calculated at all. This means you can have a fight between someone with Heroic armor and weapons maxed out to the highest level, against someone who picked up the game yesterday with 2 pieces of common armor and the rest being default. Very broken for the gamemodes that don't disable gear stats.4. Steep learning curve. This is actually a good thing in disguise, but poorly handled. There is so much to learn with each hero to master them, but the game does not detail each special move or combo enough. Often found Youtubers to be a better teacher than the game's tutorials and practice modes. Needs more in-depth strategy training.5, Unrewardling loot and impossible goals. Each hero can prestige somewhere around 40 times, I think. For this monumentous feat, you unlock a new pattern to customize your hero. The pattern is completely unremarkable and you will probably not use it. Gear stats are tied to specific gear, and while you can pay to switch the cosmetic appearance of your upgraded gear, you must first find the gear from scavenging or a lucky random drop. I feel like this limits the customization of each hero since usually you only find terrible weapons and armor with a random appearance. Scavenger crates do offer a way to get more specific loot, but it is still entirely random and you will often waste all your currency on crates that don't give you what you want, and selling crap-gear does not help you buy more crates. Oh, but you can buy more currency with real money, though! Business practice just screams: ""Didn't get what you wanted in the first three crates? Try buying more!"".Final score : 7/10The combat is fun and unlike any other game I've seen, but it is plagued by bad connectivity, unforgiving AI, broken matchmaking, shallow tutorials, and greedy business practice. Another fantastic premise ruined by the uncaring modern development standards of Ubisoft. The game is beautiful, immersive, skillful and brutal, but also sketchy, shallow, unreliable and underwhelming. I don't think any edition of the game is worth the asking price unless you're a diehard medieval fan. If your interest in this game contains ""maybe"" anywhere along the way, do yourself a favor and skip it.And while I'm here, skip the Deluxe edition and the Gold edition too. Even if you're a die-hard fan. The best thing about these packs is the free Champion status, which you can get pretty easily anyway. Maybe the next round of DLC will make the Season Pass more worthwhile, but for now, it's entirely forgettable.EDIT: 4/20/17Many updates have come and gone, each adding some sort of cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at a huge price. The currency system has been slightly buffed, so you now get 50% more money for completing orders. However, the game still frequently loses connection to the rewards server, meaning you do not get paid at all for any matches you complete if the server is down. This may be a cherry-picked example, but I played for two hours last night and one hour tonight... About 20 matches total? I think I only got paid for about 6 of them. And! My NAT type is frequently green, indicating a connection queue time. It has since degraded to yellow, meaning ""not worst, but not good"". In terms of balance, the most spammy class got buffed to have more value out of his spammy moves (Lawbringer) and Valkyrie got more damage overall since she had to stunlock enemies just to get any real damage done. The problem is now, she can still stunlock enemies with real damage output, and certain comboes can take away half your health if you don't counter the first hit.I find myself utterly disappointed and actually ashamed I bought this game despite the warnings. I didn't think it was possible, but I dare say that this game actually took a TERRIBLE launch reception and made it WORSE.I degrade my overall score of the game to 6/10. Graphics still beautiful, game itself runs pretty smooth, but the net connections, servers, business, balance, and reliability are just dogshit. This game had real potential and Ubisoft shoved it aside while leaping for a dollar on the ground.Sorry for the long review, I just find it very difficult to summarize how EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING this game has turned out to be. I would even turn away hardcore melee/medieval fans now. It looks good on paper, but this is one big trashcan of an experience.If you're considering For Honor... I say this: Regardless of your interest, skill, wealth, and patience, turn away and don't look back. This game is a ham-fisted failure."
76561198117376788,Not Recommended,304390,30794748,Posted: 28 March,all,JiGSaW__,"Roses are redViolets are blue,A network error occuredReturning to main menu."
,Not Recommended,304390,30694661,Posted: 23 March,all,Small Bobby Green Squares,Could be a good game if Ubisoft didn't suck
,Not Recommended,304390,30192072,Posted: 26 February,all,swan,worst ♥♥♥♥ing network issues I've ever seen the last couple years
,Recommended,304390,29970493,Posted: 16 February,all,fucking end all of it,"I don't know what the hell the negative reviews are on about. Got it for myself and my amigo. rip wallet, but it was worth it.+ This game is the most fun I've had out of a game; 2015, 2016 and 2017 combined. It's really fresh and unique. I've really been looking for something like this for a decade now.+ This is like a MOBA with 12 heroes, and in third person.+ I really liked the story mode, and it helped me bond with my favourite Heroes even more. Plus, the Realistic Difficulty setting was really fun to play (I've finished the entire campaign on it) - it disables the fight UI and you have to git fkn gud at blocking.+ The game was surprisingly good at launch. By surprisingly good, I mean not a single bug. Not even ONE. The graphics are legit dank, and my old hardware can still run it at 60fps. I think that's dank optimization, but I might be wrong.+ When you're done with the story mode, you can get right into PvE Multiplayer, PvP Multiplayer or Custom Games.PvP Multiplayer.+ Awesome.- Dropped out only once, on launch day (September 14)- The fight mechanics are REALLY easy to abuse (Mostly environmental kills or stun spams, or spams in general. Or maybe I suck. That's very probable, lads.)PvE Multiplayer.+ Awesome.+ Multiplayer without salty idiots.+ Relaxing manslaughter.+ Provides practice for PvP. And a really good one at that.Custom games.+ Dank.Also, did I mention if Ubisoft doesn't force these lovely developers, the DLC will be completely free?Warning. This game needs you to get good.10/10 i used to come home from work, sit around doing nothing for 2 hours then fall asleepthis game literally saved me from eternal boredom in its most literal meaning"
76561198073974192,Recommended,304390,31440780,Posted: 29 April,all,flei,nailed it
,Recommended,304390,30152575,Posted: 24 February,all,Dementedcargo,good game idk why everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing on it
76561198116237515,Not Recommended,304390,31070835,Posted: 10 April,all,VIRTUALTALON,Its 2017 i shouldnt have to pay £69 to get annoyed from constant server crashesI like to vote with my wallet tho and will not buy another Ubisoft game untill my last breath in my existence
76561198207761732,Not Recommended,304390,30223085,Posted: 27 February,all,GaGe,if you want to go up against people that have played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of For honor just play 3 games be level 3 and go up against 1st prestiges 10/10 will play and put another hole in my desk.
,Not Recommended,304390,30807981,Posted: 28 March,all,[JIT] Nashie,"An excellent game, on the momentously rare occasion that it actually works-For Honor has very fun, visceral core gameplay with a whole galaxy of potential.-For Honor has a compelling setting with a compelling story and compelling characters. Especially Apollyon.-For Honor could and SHOULD be an outstanding game. A contender for GOTY>HOWEVER-For Honor is a quasi-functional, unstable, quivvering pile of code held together by chewing gum, dried, sticky soda residue, spite and reeeeeeeeeally bad netcode decisions (If this is a Peer-to-Peer game, then why the hell can't I play Story Mode because the servers are down?)-For Honor seems to roll a d20 to decide whether you'll get to see the reults screen of a match, or whether it'll go ""Nope sorry you had to much fun today ♥♥♥♥ off.""-For Honor has a noncommunicative dev team that would rather show you a stream full of other people's gameplay than a stream where they actually tell us A N Y T H I N G about the future of the game.For Honor is a game by Ubisoft, a company second only to Konami in mindblowingly incompetent, repulsively scummy business decisions.In summaryFor Honor is a magnificent game, but her potential is slowly being strangled to death by the fact that Ubisoft couldn't find their asses with both hands and a GPS. Don't buy this game until it works."
,Not Recommended,304390,30932731,Posted: 3 April,all,Ulfr,All in all the worst purchase I have made in 2017.
76561198161813230,Not Recommended,304390,30272869,Posted: 1 March,all,Spartan121,THE FOR HONOR EXPERIENCE SUMMED UP:ErrorThe connection to Ubisoft servers has been lostReturning to title screen
,Not Recommended,304390,30134136,Posted: 23 February,all,Razz,"10% gameplay, 20% crying, 15% matchmaking has failed retrying, 5% fun, 50% lame, 100% reason to refund this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29995789,Posted: 17 February,all,101 Damngenders,This game is going to die if you dont fix the connectivity issues. I will gladly turn this to a thumbs up if thats fixed.
,Not Recommended,304390,31033901,Posted: 8 April,all,Slyphert,"Iwantto try to like this game. I really do.But the technical issues of it are extremely frustrating.First of all, it doesn't have a dedicated server, so the P2P connection is terrible AF, and it takes several minutes to find a match (with ""high activity""). Sometimes, it does not even find it.And when youfinallydo, you play through the entire match and win, what happens?The f*cking game freezes!And that's it, no rewards for completing the match, absolutely nothing, you've just lost it.Just sit, cry and restart it.Another very interesting thing is that this does not happen only to me, but to all players of the match (I know it because some of them were my friends).Other day the game froze so hard that I had to shut down my computer manually.And no, my PC is not a potato roaster, I've been playing it on Ultra settings with 90+FPS.I just wish that Ubisoft would take a look at the reviews and at least try or even say something about these issues.For now, my friends and I are just farming orders against bots, because at least we are able to finish the matches against them..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30431950,Posted: 10 March,all,Leif G.W. Persson,"Honestly it's a good game but I would not in a million years recommend anyone buying it for any price above 20 euros at this instance. The gameplay is compelling and good yes, there is no denying that, ubisoft made a third-person medival brawler that has a high skillcap and a steep learning curve that will prove to be addicting. That is if you get to play the game, and here is where the game falls flat, the p2p connection. If you are lucky enough to finish a 4v4 game without the host either leaving or having such a bad connection that the games constantly freezes and has to refresh you will indeed enjoy the game. But this is a once in a lifetime situation. You are more likely to be hit by lightning than to actually finish a 4v4 game. And that is if you even get in to the game. Because more often than not you will find the ubisoft servers being down or having problems resulting in several hours or in some cases days without being able to play the game.This game is good but the way Ubisoft solved the connectivity issue by implementing p2p is utterly garbage and I would do everything in my way to persuade someone from purchasing For Honor in it's current state because frankly you wont get to play it that much.TL;DRGood game ruined by p2p and bad ubisoft servers. Would not recommend under any circumstances at this point in time."
76561198324310165,Not Recommended,304390,30855371,Posted: 31 March,all,FatukuDickuku,dont buy it.... its a dying game... amazing combat system but the connecton problems and the patato servers throw a shade on the game + the bad launch....
76561198081312821,Not Recommended,304390,30124864,Posted: 23 February,all,Chief,how about you make a game that ♥♥♥♥ing works
,Not Recommended,304390,30347677,Posted: 5 March,all,Divinexkill,not worth $60 maybe $40usd
,Not Recommended,304390,30421379,Posted: 9 March,all,Drakor,"First match was a blast, the matches proceeding it were awful. Connection issues, mismatched skill and levels (I was level 2, the game decided to put me against a Prestige 17), and the dreaded lag switches. The event that made me refund was when a Lawbringer was trying to throw me off the cliff, so I managed to guard break counter his final push and threw him off instead, then he lag switched his way back up to solid ground, where the game decided to just kick me back to the main menu, saying there was a connection error.Other than all the server issues, the game itself is great fun. If they ever add their own servers, either in this or For Honor 2, I'll definitely pick it up. Til then, no thanks."
76561198045904847,Not Recommended,304390,30234296,Posted: 27 February,all,lul,"This game could be great, but there is just so much wrong with it.First: it looks like a free to play game, we have to pay full price for this game and it's still a grindfest, you need to play a lot and buy steel or you're going to be at a big disavantage because of the difference that good gear makes.P2p, no dedicated servers.Combat feels cheesy, it's very unbalanced and at high levels it's just spamming combos.The faction wars is a joke.There is more but this is what I can think about now, definitely wouldn't recommend buying it and I am going to stop playing myself, also never going to buy a game from the greedy ubishit again."
76561197977561524,Not Recommended,304390,30283506,Posted: 2 March,all,Hagrod,"Not recommended. At all, at the moment. Should Noobisoft do something for their money and start fixing a bazillion bugs, this is unplayable. Crashes, failed invites, being kicked out of the game all the time. Regardless of game mode.Seriously, the game has potential and is fun - when the bloody thing works! But, as crashes and disconnect issues seem to increase DAILY, it's no fun at all.Don't buy it. Ubisoft once again demonstrates that they don't give a damn about their customers.Edit: It has gotten better. Not perfect or bug free enough but better."
,Not Recommended,304390,30051095,Posted: 19 February,all,Eagle,its still a beta
76561198077365385,Not Recommended,304390,30120147,Posted: 23 February,all,tote,"I love the game i truly do, but i cant handle the ♥♥♥♥ing Nat P2P is fucing stupid... i have 72% win ratio on dominion mode... cus i love that mode and i find myself pretty good at it but i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play 2 or 3 games in a row becouse there are always a ♥♥♥♥ing issue with the connection... either the host leaves and evryone gets ♥♥♥♥ed and thrown back to main menu or there will be like 5 messages on your screen to recover connection, and please dont get me started with the loading.... 2 to 5 min even 10min on a loading screen for the mach to start..... part from all that, the fighting system and game modes are awesome... but not till 3 or 2 days ago that i started fighting against people to seem to have counter guardbreak hack wich is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb.. when guard break is already hard to do... this kids will countr yours and then ♥♥♥♥ you in the ♥♥♥..... enjoy... till they change the servers i am leaving this on no recommend."
,Not Recommended,304390,30129333,Posted: 23 February,all,Toxic,"Horrible.Multiple characters are insanely overtuned and other incredibly undertuned.network issues are constant, I get lucky if I can get a match 1/10 times I try to play any gamemode.online service to help fix this issue is almost nonexistant and rely on basic troubleshooting like port forwarding which is already done on my end.its peer to peer which MANY PEOPLE will defend because ubisoft told them to, its a garbage system in a time where dedicated servers are a must in this day of age.and the content is laughable with an overly simple story mode, making the game mainly multiplayer which alone is not worth 80$ CAD let alone 90$ CAD I paid for the deluxe edition.and dont even get me started on the 40$ CAD season pass that only nets you early access to future characters which will either be Overtuned with no chance of balancing such is the way of ubisoft, or be undertuned with the same reason.EDIT: They also ban anyone who♥♥♥♥♥♥talks in game. no joke, they are that liberal.EDIT AGAIN: They ban trashtalkers for 10 days and they ban cheaters for 3 days. I know, I thought that too."
,Not Recommended,304390,30347529,Posted: 5 March,all,Parenting Spider,"The core mechanics of this game are great, but the terrible networking complely ruins it. It's also no fun to get new friends into the game because all the 4v4 modes have gear, which gives veteran players a huge advantage on top of their experience. In the end it's just frustrating and I regret wasting so much time on it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30234392,Posted: 27 February,all,Pitchblue,"This is my first Steam review after hundreds of hours of playing games via Steam. Why now, Pitchblue? Well friend, I'll tell you why. It's because Ubisoft is literally an absolutely trash company, and it deserves to be screamed from every nook of the internet. Sure, they make beautiful games, with stunning enviornments, animations, texturing, models, etc. They've consisently put out titles that are flypaper to guys like me. It's too bad that the flypaper ends up being unplayable filth.R6: Siege, The Division, For Honor (not to mention their single player driven franchises that they absolutely destroyed through half baked rehash) - are all absolutely unforgivable displays of abhorrent quality control. They release patches and full games that have the *OBVIOUS* fingerprints of the most MINIMAL testing that they could get away with without being considered criminal.An example? In R6: Siege, the new operator, Mira, has a one way mirror you can break from the inside by destroying a pressurized canister to then shoot out defensively. It's a big deal to break it, though, because now the offensive team can shoot *in* at your fortifications. It is a somewhat last ditch strategy, because it nearly guarantees all the defenders will die inside the room if you don't finish  Somehow. Someway. Ubisofts' testers did not uncover that *anyone* can break it FROM THE OUTSIDE by simply meleeing it a single time, ANYWHERE ON THE WINDOW. You can't legitimately argue that a tester could miss that. I refuse to believe it. It would be similar to a tester not figuring out that Gordon Freeman's crowbar exploded if it hit a headcrab. No joke.Anways, back to For Honor, I would say about 60-70% of the 4v4 Mulitplayer games I get in to in For Honor crash or DC (I wish I was exaggerating), and that number applies to everyone individually in your party. Good luck getting a game. To keep the fun rolling, there is a champion (PM) who can spam light attacks that hit their target in 23 frames, and there are other champions (LB / NB) who take *24* frames to switch guards - AKA You have to be able to react in a single frame to block. How do you not figure that out in the testing phase? It makes absolutely no sense. It doesn't end there, but those are the biggest and highest red flags, in a sea of red flags.I absolutely resent Ubisofts strategy of using the playerbase as their (seemingly) sole QC, and making the patches they should be making internally with the first major patch (generally 5-8 weeks after patch/launch)./walloftextwithnospellcheck"
,Not Recommended,304390,30244595,Posted: 28 February,all,Skaven Slayer,"The combat is fun when you are not being ganked by 3 people. The problem is everything else is a garbage fire. You will spend an eternity in the games matchmaking screen watching a little white circle spinning, only to be told the match is full and you're put back to the main menu. What a menu it is too, so clunky and just wrong feeling. It's P2P so you have to rely on the other people all having good internet to stand a chance of the match getting to the end. Every match the text ticker in the corner is full of hate towards anyone not doing what that person wanted. Some of the game modes are worthless, it's like they tried to shoehorn in extra modes to say ""look we have lots of content"" but really they're just slight variations of each other and not worth playing.Like I said I think it's a fun game for a quick blast but it's not worth the asking price. I paid for it and I get some enjoyment but there's a lot of pain and gritted teeth to get to the fun. At full price I cannot recommend this game. The game makes it hard for you to enjoy. Play it at a friends house, don't spend your cash on it."
76561198008556333,Not Recommended,304390,30347670,Posted: 5 March,all,Bellerophon,"Fun combat system , poor single player, horrible connectivity, forced uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, 4v4 mosh pits. Wait for a sale."
76561198092486327,Not Recommended,304390,30255134,Posted: 28 February,all,Typhonn,"TLDR: Community has no honor, makes game unenjoyableFor Honor, but where is the honor?Game looked amazing, been salivating it over the past few months watching bits and pieces of it. I finally play it and i enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it at first, but then I notice that the ""honor"" part is kind of down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. All my matches lately have been ""lets gangbang one dude and spam our guard breaks and jab him to death."" It's obnoxious to see that the tactic for teams to win is to anaconda method each individual player, it kills the spirit/morale of the game. Wish I could refund this but it is far too late now."
76561198025332619,Not Recommended,304390,30067505,Posted: 20 February,all,Prometheus,i am waiting for the game to start..........................finally i found one.... joining......oops ....YOU FAILED TO JOIN AS THE GAME IS FULL.  Then the next game...........CONNECTION ERROR. WOW I JUST SPENT MY MONEY ON A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME. CONGRATS UBISOFT.
,Not Recommended,304390,31327956,Posted: 23 April,all,The Croc™,"The game is good and all, but it has a lot of flaws that crush its potential.-Requires a powerful graphics card. Meaning that your typical laptop can't run it and would have to pay for a stronger one which may be as expensive as the game itself. If you don't have a great graphics card, you'll end up losing a lot of rounds if you can even get the game to run.-An obscurely high skill ceiling. And I mean TOO HIGH of a ceiling. You have to play the game for hours on end (Like my friend, the FBI) to get even remotely good enough to be able to stand a chance against anyone (Especially to the counter(S) of your character at the time.-The servers, which aren't a big problem for me, but is for a lot of people. Such as having a group of friends, with 2 of them lagging out, which ruins the fun.-Pay to Play. It's not as major as in most games, but if you pay for steel (Or that EXP pass thingy), you level up much faster, with higher tier gear being available sooner. This gives the terrible result of a prestige 25 guy being up against a prestige 108 and getting shredded since the matchmaking puts highly skilled players against decent or just starting players.Those are my opinions on For Honor. In the end I enjoy this game, but it's not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,304390,30165550,Posted: 25 February,all,Mehve,"I really wanted to like this game. My brother bought it for me so he'd have someone to play with and now I just feel bad for him because this game just isn't that fun for me after the initial handful of hours playing it, most of which I blew during the open beta. There's a lot of small issues I can easily excuse in this game; UI bugs, failing to join games, bots replacing people who ragequit with full hp, etc. However, there's a big bag of problems I can't get over if they exist in any video game I play-Mechanical InconsistencyNow I'm not sure if most of it is related to the P2P connectivity set up or if things just aren't working as intended for whatever reason at certain times, but I feel like I'm rolling dice with almost every action I take in this game. I have over sixty hours in the game now (45+ on retail, around 15 in open beta) and I still don't know so many mechanics work or don't work. It's actually baffling. Sometimes I can land a grab on a player at a set distance in some games, and other times it fails to grab and my character stumbles while seemingly wiping crumbs off the vest of my enemies in other games. Sometimes I can guard attacks, sometimes I can't (not counting the obvious unblockables). Sometimes an enemy's attack will hone in and boost them 10 feet forward, sometimes it doesn't and they stagger (same attack). Sometimes when I try to throw out a light attack, the input takes place in less than a second- sometimes it takes over two seconds. I don't know why.I've spent the majority of my time in this game trying to find out how to consistently play the game and I still haven't figured it out. The rules feel like they change between each game. It's infuriating. This basically leads me to feel like a massive amount of luck goes into winning and a massive amount of bad luck can go into not winning. It's not fun. I cannot remember the last time I've had this kind of experience in a game. I can not believe I've spent this much time chasing an answer that I've yet to catch. Sixty hours in and I can not confidently tell anyone that I know how to play this game.I love fighting games. I play a lot of Street Fighter, Guilty Gear and Skullgirls and I have a fun time learning each character and how to fight other characters. It's fast, fun and rewarding when I figure tech out.I cannotexperience this in For Honor.The last Ubisoft game I've gotten was Child of Light. I liked that game. I've heard a lot of unfavorable things about Ubisoft's $60 titles after Assassin's Creed 2, so maybe the trick is to stick with their smaller games. In either case, For Honor is my first experience with realbuyer's remorsethis year. If they patch the game and rework it a bit down the road and these issues are addressed or fixed, then I'll change this review. Until then, I honestly believe that anyone thinking about picking this game up needs to wait for a serious sale, or spend their money elsewhere."
76561198077211636,Not Recommended,304390,30083219,Posted: 21 February,all,samsaralotus,"4 people to play with, if not dont get in to this noob hell."
,Not Recommended,304390,30229802,Posted: 27 February,all,Ego,"I have never written a review for a game before, but I felt the need to write one. I played in the closed and open betas and enjoyed this game. At launched I was hopeful, but this game is a typical Ubisoft game. It feels strong at first, but the more you play it the worse it gets. Give this game a year and hopefully it will improve. It is NOT worth your money as it is now."
76561198166802338,Not Recommended,304390,31407420,Posted: 27 April,all,Papa John,"good gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥servers"
,Not Recommended,304390,30269332,Posted: 1 March,all,Yolo Baggins,"UI is one of the worst I've seen.Slow connection and constant NAT issues.Poor matchmaking.Gameplay is actually pretty good, but the host of crippling issues surrounding makes the game feel like croissant wrapped in feces. A good, if flaky, center surrounded by a sea of disappointment.As always, Ubisoft disappoints. Shame."
76561198015641377,Not Recommended,304390,29988104,Posted: 17 February,all,Jonne^,"As many said before, the gameplay is great. Ok it can get a bit repetetive as many other games out there but be prepared for a hell lot of errors that greedy Ubisoft didint manage to solve from the beta.Overal a good game and i hope they can release a patch soon to fix all the errors / connection issues but until then, dont spend your money on this game!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30429547,Posted: 10 March,all,Ghostfighter1000 | ✪✪✪,"This is a really great game, the way it's played out, but there are too many connection errors and Peer to Peer just isn't good enough for this kind of game.Don't buy till they fix this"
,Not Recommended,304390,30821121,Posted: 29 March,all,McSweggy,"In its current state, For Honor is not worth the trouble. Half the game is waiting to be put into a match, even during ""high activity"" hours. Campaign feels weak, and is stupidly punishing to new players even on the low difficulties."
76561198193769546,Not Recommended,304390,30534799,Posted: 15 March,all,Phoenix,This game all anyone does is spam guard breaks or spam zones or spam special. It still has loads of problems that need to be fixed. Its just a bunch of try hards that have no honor.
76561198040615569,Not Recommended,304390,30116565,Posted: 23 February,all,FrogginBullfish,Runs like an olympic sprinter with narcolepsy
,Not Recommended,304390,30116231,Posted: 23 February,all,Vaelant,"I really want to like this game, but in it's current state I can't enjoy it. For Honor is one of those games where the better you get at the game the less you enjoy playing it as it's flaws become more obvious.The biggest issue I have with it is balancing, simply put, the balancing in this game is awful. The best example for this would be the Oichi's recovery time from a guard break, normally when hit by a guard break, your hero has a temporary stun that your oppenent can punish, normally with a heavy attack. The Oichi can recover from this stun faster than the attack can connect, and parry, block, deflect. It's business as normal for them.Carrying on with guard breaks, their behaviour doesn't make much sense, if you and your opponent land one on each other at the same time, rather than the logical thing that any other game does of having them bounce off each other. It seems to just flip a coin and let one of you have it over the other.Whilst locked on to an opponent, some attacks will slightly track them if they side step, which makes sense if its like a single step, but multiple times I've seen vertical swings take 90 degree spins into someone who has dodge rolled. I've also seen people trying to guard break as their opponent jumps back, and their character model sort of just hovers into them to still get the guard break.You can easily have fun with this game if you don't try to be good at it, but I can't recommend it in it's current state"
76561198262297217,Not Recommended,304390,30369855,Posted: 7 March,all,YOUNG sweep sweep,GRIMY PIMPS OF THE GAMING WORLD UBISOFT SAY NO MORE HYPE 0 FIXES IM SURE IF WE MAKE THE GAME GO RED THEY WILL FIX IT MAYBE OR JUST MAKE A NEW GAME 70 Dollars and i dont even play it lol wont buy ubisoft again
,Not Recommended,304390,30122016,Posted: 23 February,all,Gamma,"I wouldn't recommend this game, it had so much potential but like many Ubisoft games it falls short in certain aspects which totally kill it.The combat system is extremely fluid and well thought out and It's a joy to play..... If you can get past the fact that almost every other match someone leaves and since It's peer to peer that freezes the entire game. In 1v1's you can be in the middle of an extremely fun match until someone leaves from a ragequit which in some cases completely freezes your game and you have to restart. Does the host get mad and leave in dominion? Well in some cases the game freezes right after and you're left having wasted 20 minutes of your time.So the TLDR; version.Gameplay -- Great when it works.Peer to peer -- Why?!??! Just why?!?!?! It's a 60.00 game, you can afford servers.Lack of progression system - The only incentive to keep playing is to prestige and get through levels currently. The entire faction war system is neat, but it doesn't give any lasting incentive since literally all you do is play the game and press a button to deploy assets. I don't want to play cookie clicker."
,Recommended,304390,30167285,Posted: 25 February,all,Waluigi,"Really love the gameplay and style this game went for. Battles are fun and from my experience about 30 hours in I'd say the classes balance each other out quite well.Sadly the matchmaking could really be polished up. I'd be okay with some errors every know and then, nothing in life is perfect. For honor, however, really annoys me with the amount of connection issues I get while queuing up for a match. I have a stable internet connection and normally don't have to worry about disconnecting from a server or anything like that. And it just makes me want to ragequit the game whenever I'm playing a match I'm really enjoying, only to get a ""an error has occured. Returning to main menu"" message mid-game and dropping out. Something else that bothers me is when I'm in a fight, the game pauses for a sec, and a message pops up mentioning the server needs to be resynchronized. Obviously this always happens when you're right about to take someone out, and since resynchronizations rewinds time for a few seconds your opponent is now aware of how you were planning to finish the fight you had already won.Would I recommend the game: Yes and no, but more opting for yes. The gameplay, once again, is really enjoyable. If the connection issues to other players could be resolved the game would be a lot better. If you're really masochistic you might even enjoy the rage you feel from dropping out mid fight. Perhaps you might wanna wait with buying it until the reviews turn more positive or mention that most of the connection issues have been fixed."
76561198077790022,Not Recommended,304390,30163254,Posted: 25 February,all,SaladSlugger,"Good Gameplay and mechanics. When you get to play that is. Connections are SO bad right now that on some random days you may as well not even play the game. you could waste 8 minutes fighting in a mtch then get booted. all progress loss, no rewards or exp for time played during the match. nothing. And have fun having that happen to you for three houirs straight essentially WASTING YOUR TIME.Don't waste your money on this until they decide to rework the network from the ground up to give us an actually decent game to play. As it stands, you're spending 60 dollars or more to feel like what dial-up was like in the 90's."
,Not Recommended,304390,30955891,Posted: 4 April,all,Orphan of Kos,"I love this game, the mechanics, the playstyle, the way it looks the steep learning curve. Its great, however there are massice issues surrounding this game that are simply unacceptable. Before I start id like to say that the people crying about specific classes, group fights, gear etc. These people are just complaining because they lost, or dont know how to fight specific enemies or defend against certain moves, its not the game its them. WIth the exception of revenge, if you have an ability which can be unlocked from blocking twice, then kill the opponant in a single hit, it is over powered and really needs to be considered getting nerfed, not removed.The obvious place to start is the biggest issue, connection. It is a joke, constant disconnections no matter your pc or internet. For a game with split second reactions needed, its a joke that because one person lags everyone does, even if its by a second it ♥♥♥♥ed the point of the game. I have a open NAT, Im still having issues, I used to however have a strict NAT, and if thats the case for you im sure you will understand why this game is unplayable. With an open nat I am lucky to join a 4v4 match once every 15-20 minutes (If it doesnt disconnect during que that is) with a strict nat I waited an joined for up to 20-30 minutes only to be disconnected immediately, it even struggles to find a 1v1 match if your nat is strict. There are ways to fix this, but the player shouldnt have too. Ubisoft posted ways to fix nat, but ultimately it doesnt change to much.The community is toxic, possibly one of the most petty group of players ive seen in any game. Which is a big accomplishment. EVERY SINGLE MATCH someone will whinge, and cry, ""Oh you did this"" ""wahh that character is overpowered"" its unavoidable, and in all honestly pathetic, these people are nailing the coffin shut on an already dying game.I love this game, but its not worth the money, wasnt from the begining and unless ubi fixes it (which in all honestly the game is so dead I doubt they will) its not worth buying. I really wanted this game to work, the potential for longevity and competitive play is insane and should be motivation enough for ubisoft to actually fix it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30162705,Posted: 25 February,all,SpamIrwin,"If they fix the Connection issues with this game it would be amazing.P2P is never a good idea... its bloody 2017.. come on Ubisoft...As it stands now 6/10, If they do fix this it would be 9/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,30161886,Posted: 25 February,all,Keidras,"I really really want to like this game.Graphic wise it is very good, the mechanics are I feel mostly solid and the gameplay is challenging enough for someone like me who greatly enjoys the adrenaline thrill of the game. That one well placed hit or block that lands the win can have overwhelming adrenaline.I beat the single player campaign, which is a decent story, in about 8 hours in normal mode. Realistic mode is fun as well but I feel the lack of checkpoints to be a bit tedious.. really the only hard fights are the bosses and everything in between even on realistic mode is just a time sink. Making it more frustrating when you get to the end, and have to run through 30 minutes of super easy content to get back where you were. Of course the meat of this game is the Multiplayer, and it is on those merits that I can not recommend the game in it's current state.The peer to peer networking this game uses is garbage. You will often get messages when queing that you can't join a session because it is full, I have an incredibly fast internet speed and great pc and sometimes the load times can be quite long if the ""host"" is lacking. Quite often players leave matches, and whenever that happens the game tends to rewind a few seconds.... sometimes negating good kills... or leading to kills that shouldn't have happened...My BIGGEST issue with the game is that this is supposed to be a pretty dedicated multiplayer game...while, if you are in a party and then get the dreaded ""There are no longer enough players in the session."" You get kicked back to the main menu and have to reform the entire party. This is more annoying then anything else. I also don't understand when the game is going to replace players with bots or determine there are not enough players and kick everyone back to the main menu... why not.... have all those people who can't get into games because they are ""Full"" join the match eh?If you are patient enough to deal with the networking issues this is a great game but one I can't recommend until those issues are addressed.One thing I would like to see added someday is a tournament mode which makes sense in a game like this."
76561198066950992,Not Recommended,304390,30480277,Posted: 12 March,all,Dreadgod,"For a game where the ONLY selling point is combat, they should have tried harder not to make the combat its worst feature. The only reason anyone would have to play this game is because one of their friends played it and is trying to drag their sorry♥♥♥♥♥into it. Not worth the time, effort, or money."
76561198107003046,Not Recommended,304390,29984058,Posted: 17 February,all,Rick Martony,"OMG!! ITS A GREAT GAME, BUT UNSTABLE AF!"
76561198240902330,Not Recommended,304390,30480668,Posted: 12 March,all,Not Bruce Jenner,PRE ORDERED THE GAME. GAME DOESN'T WORK. CONTACT 2 DIFFERENT PEOPLE AT UBISOFT SUPPORT. NEITHER OF THEM HELP AND JUST TRY TO PLAY THE BLAME GAME. ALMOST A MONTH HAS PASSED SINCE THE GAME CAME OUT. STEAM WONT LET ME REFUND. -187654345678765432345678/10
76561198036754314,Not Recommended,304390,30477564,Posted: 12 March,all,Chalice,"If they fix the constant crashes, the♥♥♥♥♥♥servers and the broken characters/gear then this would be one of the best games out there, but right now it is just dying."
76561198077565787,Not Recommended,304390,30245187,Posted: 28 February,all,Specter,"Do not waste your money on this game.The community is toxic and that's assuming you can stay in a game long enough to see it.  Peer to peer will have this game dead in less then 2 months. Personally - along with my friends, we get DCed nearly every game, most times either right at the beginning or right at the end so we don't collect credit, bonus's or any meaningful xp.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY."
,Not Recommended,304390,30063343,Posted: 20 February,all,Phia the Spooky Deer,"Honestly, I like this game. I think the gameplay is fun and unique, something that hasent quite been done before.However, even though this game is fun, The server connections are about as stable as a 300 pound woman on a plastic step stool trying to reach the cookie jar on the top of her fridge. The game also features a mechanic that kicks players who have their fps go below 30 in PvP matches, making the game almost unplayable for people who have fps issues.Overall I would rate the game a 7/10, but that still doesnt make up for the server issues"
,Not Recommended,304390,30265014,Posted: 1 March,all,blimpie,"I sunk a  ton of hours into 2 of the betas for this game... but if I weren't so enamoured with the core gameplay I still couldn't have purchased it due to its many well-known network issues. I love this game, but I can't leave a positive review given its current state.- Solid Campaign- Above average character customization- Deep and immersive combat system- Slow progression without microtransactions (on a game I've already dropped $60 into)- Buggy P2P toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥storm multiplayer mode  that I can't stop playing (or trying to play, anyway)It really sucks when you can tell that the devs put a lot of love and polish into a game like this... only to have it crippled by Ubisoft doing budget cuts on server upkeep.P2P networks along with over-the-top DLC prices and Microtransactions- It all reeks of corporate greed. They can afford dedicated servers. It would more than likely turn a profit for them considering the ONLY negative reviews on this game are in regard to their servers/lack thereof.For Honor has so much potential, but Ubisoft is going to run it straight into the ground the same way they did AC Unity. My heart goes out to the hard-working devs who won't see justice done. I still maintain a shred of hope that Ubisoft will overhaul the online mode and make me eat my words... but don't count on that."
76561198131773871,Not Recommended,304390,30691589,Posted: 23 March,all,Deagle Round Every Round,"Great game with great mechanics, but Ubisoft is a let down as always. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lack of dedicated host because Ubisoft is too greedy to pay for servers.(But I guess a 60 to 100$ game with 30$ season pass and in-game purchasable content is not enough to cover the costs)Do not recommend at all, don't waste your money, not until Ubisoft decides to pay for dedicated servers at least."
,Not Recommended,304390,30954138,Posted: 4 April,all,Shaggy,"I love this game, i really do, but it's just so broken. The p2p connection is so bad and the matchmaking is terrible. The community has lost all hope and doesn't honor 1v1s at all now. The combat is one of the best systems i have ever experienced but the que times are terribly long. Not to mention the disgusting amount of micro-transactions. Save your money, Don't buy it until some serious fixes have been made."
76561198107466614,Not Recommended,304390,30182232,Posted: 25 February,all,m4r2h41l,"this game is incredibly fun and addicting, but the servers make it unplayable. Added to that Ubisoft is horrible at listening to community feedback. Skip this game, as fun as it can be it's not worth the hassle"
,Not Recommended,304390,30252166,Posted: 28 February,all,John Crowbell,"If you are lucky enough to stay in a match, you'll find an excellent fighting system. Unfortunately, You are more often going to be either kicked out of a game, or have everyone else in the match kicked and the match closes anyways. On top of that, you may have the entire client lock up which happens more than three times a day. Sometimes I get stuck in the loading screen of matches, only to find out that all eight of us are softlocked and the only way out is to close the game through the task manager. The interface is a mess, laggy, and is just a chore to navigate through so you can play the actual game. The game itself looks very nice, the issues that really bring the game down are the lack of servers. Peer to Peer is not good, nor has it ever been good. But in this game, Ubisoft neglected to even think about anything that would make the online experience tolerable.If Ubisoft would implement actual servers, this game could regain the other half of players who have all stopped playing this game and it might even live on for quite some time. Until they do though, I think this one will see an early grave."
,Not Recommended,304390,29988584,Posted: 17 February,all,"Todd ""The Godd""","It's literally the Dance Dance Revolution of brawling games, crossed with a third person ARPG with no depth and microtransactions waved in your face.EDIT: I've literally had 3, maybe 4 PvP matches in the 16hrs I've played. Same number of PvE matches as well.♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft, ♥♥♥♥ your 'matchmaking'.♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Penis 'networking'. Just do servers like everyone else, damn money grubbersAt least with Dark Souls 3 I get guaranteed PvP, not like your steaming shitpile game.And 80% of those players are halfway round the world."
,Not Recommended,304390,30066476,Posted: 20 February,all,Hf,"I played in the closed alpha, TT2, closed beta, and open beta. As much as I want to like this game, there's just too much wrong with it right now. I bought the game because I was gambling on the hope that Ubisoft would fix all the issues over the coming months and in time for ranked play to come out, and because Bannerlord probably won't be out until 2018 at this rate and there's no other place to get my directional combat fix (and for what it's worth, the base directional combat and the mechanics really are fun). I highly recommend waiting to see how active Ubisoft is in patching before buying this game.More details, for those who want a bit more than the tl;dr above:1v1 and 2v2 are slowly turning into a turtle meta. This is because the risk/reward balance for being on the offense in this game is completely lopsided in favor of the defender. Most characters have fancy chains and combo attacks. There's no point in them using these chains because of the parry mechanic. Parrying is very easy, and allows pretty much any character in the game to confirm a guard break and deal a lot more damage off of the guard break than they could with those chains and combos.In addition, the ease of parrying makes attacking very dangerous, especially chain attacks. If you go in with a heavy attack, you're bound to be parried by any halfway competent player. If you go in with a light attack, you're more likely to avoid the parry, but you'll probably deal about 5%-10% of a healthbar at most. Getting parried will result in somewhere around 30% of your health gone or an instant kill from the many environmental hazards. There are currently two classes who can really safely initiate, the other ten have little choice but to play mostly as counter attackers. This defensive meta might be enjoyable for some, but I've found it increasingly boring. In my opinion, the easiest fix for this would be to remove the guaranteed guard break after parry.Dominion, the one game mode which avoids the turtle meta because it offers objectives and time pressure to initiate on your opponent, is broken in a completely different way. In 4v4s like Dominion, gear stats are in effect. You get gear for time and money (mostly time, mind you, For Honor isn't p2w) spent as a sort of progression mechanic. You also have to regear for every character, and you don't start getting truly good gear until around level 63, which is likely to take a casual ""hour a day"" player a week or two to achieve per character. This gear can lead to doubled damage, highly reduced stamina costs and increased stamina recovery, and the ability to gain revenge -- a sort of super mode which makes a character ludicrously strong with super armor, infinite stamina, increased damage, defense, temporary health pool, and knockdown on staggers -- in 3-4 blocks and allows it to last for double its normal length.You are completely at a disadvantage if you're on a character without gear up against a character with gear. For Honor's matchmaking doesn't take into account the prospect that you might want to level a character with little or no gear, and will throw your undergeared self into a game against players with gear level 100+. Again, this kind of progression mechanic and stomping on people with lower gear levels might be fun for some. I, personally, can barely stomach dominion now that high item levels are becoming more prevalent. This is unlikely to be changed, but I'm really hoping that they include a no-gear/no-feats queue for Dominion.The networking for this game is dysfunctional as well. Matchmaking breaks probably 2/5 times for me, and I get dropped from matches at a rate of probably 1/5. At least one resync happens in a match probably 3/5 times. This is despite my NAT being open and all ports being properly forwarded (these issues even happened when I briefly DMZ'ed myself, just to make sure I wasn't missing any ports that needed to be opened). In addition, there are concerns about drophacking due to p2p. According to some, with the current netcode you can pick up a person's public IP via network analyzers such as wireshark. I haven't tested this myself, and don't believe it's been done to me, but as of writing this there's a thread on reddit about it with a good number of people claiming it's happened to them. If it's true, it means that each match puts you at the risk of getting hit with a denial of service attack or port scanning to set up for something more malicious. This is something generally avoided on the player to server model. Security concerns are probably the best reason to avoid the game, unrelated to subjective opinions on what mechanics are fun.In addition to these major issues, there are a bunch of little issues which just indicate a lack of polish:There's no chat log.You can't chat with other players in your group when you're in matchmaking queues or in the multiplayer menus.You can't chat with other players in your group while you're in hero selection.You can't access anything else while you're in a matchmaking queue. You can't change options, you can't change orders (quests that offer increased XP and steel for completing them), and you can't customize heroes.After a game is over, the game doesn't make the ready button immediately available. You instead have to change tabs in order to press it.The above is particularly bad, because if a single player (even if it's 7/8 ready) in a post-game lobby doesn't hit the ready button, you have to wait the full 90 seconds to move into the next game.If too many people leave the lobby, the lobby will disband. This would be okay, except the lobby will not disband until every player hits the ready button or the 90 second countdown completes. This leads to a lot of wasted time. In addition, if the lobby is disbanded this way, it will disband any group you were in and you'll have to reinvite.The faction war expects that you'll spend the time to consider and deploy your war assets in order to maximize their effectiveness. They expect that you'll do this in the after game lobby, leading to even more time wasted for everyone involved as people spend time trying to strategize about the faction war. I don't know why they don't allow a player to just build up a bunch of faction war assets and then deploy them from the main menu.The faction war itself feels like a pointless accounting exercise. There's no real reason to get invested in it since individual players have almost no effect on it. It's not particularly compelling either, unless you've become emotionally invested in the faction you picked at the start for some reason.For some reason, each character's block becomes active at a different number of frames. Assassins' blocks become active about 7-8 frames quicker than all other classes'. Functionally, most attacks are so telegraphed and slow that this doesn't make a huge difference, but it's still weird.The painful part is that most of these issues were raised before the closed alpha ended. Most haven't even been discussed by the devs, no matter the outcry they received on the testing forums.Despite everything I've said, the base combat is fun enough that this could be a good game if they fixed some of the major issues above. At lower levels of play, before everybody started learning how to parry and turtle up, it felt polished and satisfying to have a frantic melee fight with someone, whether it was in 1v1/2v2 or in Dominion when everybody still had low gear level. Now that everybody is learning about parrying and turtling up in the duel modes and Dominion is full of people with 100+ gear with stats that straight up break the game, it's losing its fun and I'm regretting that I can't refund this. I can't recommend this game, at least not in the current direction Ubisoft is taking it. I'll happily edit this review if they make me eat my words and start actively patching balance and other issues."
76561198189661928,Not Recommended,304390,30154679,Posted: 24 February,all,Conquerlord,Around 40% of the games I played were dropped because of connection error. Frustrating.
,Not Recommended,304390,30154647,Posted: 24 February,all,Epic Samadhi,Amazing game though too many connection issues with multiplayer. Please fix multiplayer before we lose more of the community.
,Not Recommended,304390,31093729,Posted: 12 April,all,ElPresidenteD,The server issues with this game are so bad it is unforgivable.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!
76561198022371966,Not Recommended,304390,30341161,Posted: 5 March,all,aure,"Game itself is great but ubisoft's P2P system is not, constant disconnection/lag/connexion error, don't buy it till they fix that"
,Not Recommended,304390,30191825,Posted: 26 February,all,Tlst,"Don't get me wrong. I love this game. It kind of embodies the phrase ""This game would be so good if it wasn't so♥♥♥♥♥♥""Aside from the microtransactions on a 60$ game, the glitches that I'd expect from an indie game and the bad optimization, the game's servers are absolute trash. I think I spent more collective time waiting to find a server, getting kicked out of it the instant I join, or my personal favorite, getting locked in ""Recovering Gameplay State"" and having to alt+F4 out of the game than playing the actual game.All in all, I wouldn't really recommend this until Ubisoft get their priorities in order. Don't add immature anti-griefing rules to an 18 Rated game. Fix the servers, bugs, and either reduce the cost of the game, or remove the more blatant microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,304390,31486006,Posted: 1 May,all,Nep,"Prestige 9 vs Prestige 0 lvl 8 always wtf. No matchmaking or another competitive mode. All in all a good idea, but a poor implementation."
76561198073469648,Not Recommended,304390,32633789,Posted: 21 June,all,abeastli,Great Idea! Super fun concept. Lots of issues though
,Not Recommended,304390,30428013,Posted: 10 March,all,LizardMan,Great gameplay and fighting system........but got kicked from single-player because the servers were down lol
76561197999789662,Not Recommended,304390,30259838,Posted: 1 March,all,Yemesis 凸ಠ益ಠ)凸,"For Honor : + great gameplay- Bugs- P2P networking ""seriously"" (Potential DDOS attack , lagswitch cheaters, confidential informations loss etc)- Gold edition = basic game + Happy meal stuff+ ""seasoning"" pass  But the season pass is nothing more than      another ""happy meal"" + EXCLUSIVE CLASSES that everyone will get 14 days after every patch...Basically Ubishit       huh i mean Ubisoft*Get it Full-price ----> Get Full-scammed  <3"
76561198045530613,Not Recommended,304390,34171601,Posted: 11 August,all,PolyMonsters,Great game and great concept BUT it would be better if it was playable. It's extremley hard to get a game without either you or an opponent being laggy or broken. Don't spend your money supporting a game that Ubisoft does not at all care for.
,Not Recommended,304390,30455101,Posted: 11 March,all,Thedankclank12,"This game is greatThe game looks good and is well optimziedIt has great combatIt has lots of different playstyles and characters to chooseLots of customizationIt has a good campaign (Nothing great or amazing, just passable)It's overall really good!But there are 3 things that made me give this game a thumbs down1.The game forces you to be online to play this game PERIOD.You can't play bots or the single player campaign while offline or your internet is down,Which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.2.The game has awful server p2p connectionsSeriously? in 2017 we still have triple AAA companies using p2p connections? Really?3.The game is unbalancedThe characters the game has (currently) are very unbalanced with certain ones, no matter how good you are with them, being beat out by people playing them the first time, and people constanly spamming one attack because one peace of armor they have makes it to where there stamina recharges faster than than a reinhardt on dorado.If problems 1 and 3 are fixed, then this game will be great.But for the time being,I will say thatFor honor costs 60$And is really worth around 40$ - 30$By that time there will be more content, and most of the issues I have will be fixed.P.S. I wanted to say I still do like this game, but there are issues that I have that if if fixed, could make this GOTY for me."
,Not Recommended,304390,30401882,Posted: 8 March,all,Gurista Raider,Peer to peer match making and you will be matched with people that 100+ hours over you with 1 character. I am not the most skilled at the game I will be honest however being matched with people that instantly destroy you before you can understand why you got destroyed. Last game I just played the entire other team was 60 levels + on their guys with max gear while our team the highest we had was a level 18.
76561198345313265,Recommended,304390,34254131,Posted: 15 August,all,Rick Sanchez,This game is actually solid most people call it trash but in the end a lot of things have been changed since first day release I have played since beta and so much has changed and it's gotten a lot better
,Not Recommended,304390,30691587,Posted: 23 March,all,Mr Teatime,"Connection problems, overpowered characters and a horrible pay2win business modelmake this really good fighting game, not worth the money.Unless you only came for 1v1 or maybe 2v2 and can deal with unbalanced characters, 1hko tacticsand a strong defense meta that makes high level play a turtling snore fest.You shouldnt buy this game and even then you should really think twice. Also don't expect these problems to go away anytime soon, as most of them exist since the beta and very little has changed since then.If this game was 50% off and you really crave a third person medieval fighting game, sure go ahead and buy.But even if this game was 80% off, you have to know that unlocking all of the content for all of the characterscosts over 1000 bucks or over 2 years of your life playing the game and that is before the DLC characters.Update: the connection problems still persist and might even be worse somehow, matchmaking is broken, the new characters and are nice and solved the turteling problem, except for the fact that they make the old ones almost obsolete and make the game even more unbalanced."
76561198036977554,Not Recommended,304390,31205778,Posted: 17 April,all,†DSC†| Rodrick,"So, After about 170 hours put into For Honor, I think it's finally time i put my two sense in...So, Let's start with the pro's of For Honor, Shall we?ProsCombat: Like im sure it's been said before, For Honor's combat does not disappoint in my eyes. A 3 way attack and defensive mechanism that works almost perfectly for the third person fighting game, It's one of those ''Easy to pick up, Hard to master sort of game''Graphics: I run this game on the highest of settings at 1080p, While not the most impressive looking feat of any game nowadays, For Honor doesn't come up short in the aesthetic or beauty of it's design. The armor detail of each fraction is impressive beyond belief, Ubisoft did one thing perfectly, And that was the armor detail.Story: Now, Before you get all picky and critical about this part. I add the story to the pro's because as much of a cheesy and short story, Was still entertaining to me. While i don't recommend you pick this up for just the story, It's good for what it is in a obvious Mulitplayer focused game.Now for the biggest section, The Cons.P2P: As if the review already didn't sum this horrid section apart, I won't add much to this as it is heavily discussed everywhere. Why Ubisoft thought P2P would work better then dedicated servers, Is beyond me. It cleary plays a big reason this game is under 50% in reviews.Community: The community has gotten to the point where it's best you just advert your attention from the chat section at all times. I have never seen more toxicity in a game since LoL or CS;GO. From salty 12 year old children who constantly type insults for beating them, Or being called horrid or a no life for beating them. By far a big thumbs down.The Classes themselves: To me, A big gripe i have is the classes being extremely cheesy and broken, I will list 3 good examples. Warden, Peacekeeper, And Warlord. (Excluding Shugoki because ♥♥♥♥ him) Each class here to me is the cheesiest classes you could play, With the wardens vortex being able to cancel into GB, it's almost impossible to dodge or counter, Dodging could lead you into being GB while not dodging at all will leave you to a shoulder bash and 2 hit light combo.. The Peacekeepers speed is by far the most annoying, Either it's me or it's meant to be this way, But her attacks are to the point where you have to be a ♥♥♥♥ing god to counter anything, Her feints disorent you while i feel it's meant to do so, Is still annoying as can be. Warlord isn't nearly as bad, But still a big spammer as his headbutt leads to a stab right after that i don't believe can be countered.P2W: Now, I must confess i have put a good bit of money into this game, Unfortunately the best gear you can get would take amongst hundreds of hours to even get close to 'decent' gear.. The Gear system is almost broken entirely. To put it simply, It's sad to say the only way you can really stand a chance in dominion, Deathmatch, Or skirmish (Duel modes do not use Gear Stats what so ever,Thankfully) Would be to put a good 50 dollars at least into this game..So my take on For Honor? Sadly, With how much i hyped this game when i first hear of it, It's sadly to me, A major disappointment... I cannot recommend this game at it's price, Best opinion would wait till it hits 29.99 or less in that regard. The Playerbase is currently low, Most filled with the toxic side of this game.. Do yourself a favor and avoid For Honor till the price drops, Or the game somehow get's better (Which i doubt) Overall, I'll give this game a 5/10, Damn close to 4/10. The pro's just cannot hold up this game, Having the cons be so much more of anchor to this game's demise.Overall Score: 4/10 (Can't give this a 5 honestly.)EDIT--- Since my review, This will be a sort update on how the game's gone. To put it simply, Nothing about this game has gotten better to me. The game is practically dead on PC, Which for me takes over 4 minutes to find a duel match and 2 to find a elimination or dominion.. The 2 new classes were OP as ♥♥♥♥, And now they're just... I don't know what to say about them. Game at this point isn't worth buying."
76561197975956914,Not Recommended,304390,30677976,Posted: 22 March,all,Elazull,There is a level of irony when the single player requires on-line but the multiplayer is p2p.
76561198059706808,Not Recommended,304390,30683482,Posted: 23 March,all,Batman,"NAT problem, cant play multiplayer, wtf ubisoft? it's not worth $60, gameplay is awesome and all but no dedicated servers, really? refund.."
,Not Recommended,304390,33546740,Posted: 14 July,all,Reiuso,"For Honor is the most intense form of irony, as Ubisoft shows yet again that they lack the honor to publish an actually functional game."
76561198052285013,Not Recommended,304390,30012105,Posted: 18 February,all,DragonAge,constant errors and disconnects. Greedy regionlocking.
76561198172099369,Not Recommended,304390,30420759,Posted: 9 March,all,Crispy,"This game was good in open beta but when it got released to everyone it turned into literal dog crap. The servers consistently crash in pvp servers, the matchmaking is doodoo being paired up with reputation 5 hereos when im just a normal lvl 5 its kind of insane. Its unfair to the person who just started to play this game and it makes the game unenjoyable."
76561197974825322,Not Recommended,304390,30774456,Posted: 27 March,all,Ebert11B,"Good looking and good feeling game. Feels like it was made for a controller but still fun with mouse and keyboard. Extreamly difficult to find servers It seems like I spent more time looking for servers than actually playing. 15+ min waits at times. If I had to do it over again, I would have saved my money and bought something else. No matter how good the game is, its no fun if you cant play it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30726383,Posted: 25 March,all,Mephestone,I am in Australia and I cant find any match of multi playing wtf???!
76561198084048523,Not Recommended,304390,30800426,Posted: 28 March,all,DupeWizz,"This game is good in concept. If For Honor had fixed the simple bugs that it comes with and balanced the characters with more feedback from the devs, it would be a diamond. But as for right now, it's a big lump of coal."
76561198118145410,Not Recommended,304390,30727084,Posted: 25 March,all,ferguson7946,"Great idea. Bad company. Needs a hell of a lot of work. Like, A LOT."
76561198366921444,Not Recommended,304390,30891812,Posted: 1 April,all,sakamoto,The only thing i want to say is the sever suckedi can not log in now
76561198069805215,Not Recommended,304390,30888360,Posted: 1 April,all,Borgamer,I would like to give this game a thumbs up but I cant!The game is great! the servers are not!The Problem? YOU CANT PLAY IT ALWAYS KICKS YOU OUT. Dingle play is good
,Not Recommended,304390,30892545,Posted: 1 April,all,Pace,"Community is bogus. Progression is bogus, character customization is plentyful where you have dozens of styles/paint for your armor but a barely noticable difference though, so yeah that sucks as well. Lets see what else other than the obvious connection...Games super fun for first week or so, that sparkle dies pretty quick. Quit today after reaching Reputation level 3 hoping it would spice the game up with at least cool looking gear...nah. Big thumbs down. read the reviews in the past..ignored them, and paid the price literally on this one. Number of gamers are dying off quick. Only ones sticking around are the ones that get good enough to be the reason why you will quit after you buy the game."
76561198048353576,Not Recommended,304390,30154764,Posted: 24 February,all,Raysirite,"I want to sart by saying I LOVE this game. It's just so much fun, BUT I cannot in all good heart reccomend it. The gameplay is pretty solid, not a whole lot to complain there with the acception of a few mechanics here and there. It all has to do with the network, it's just... well it's just bad. So bad to the point where it feels like they did this on purpose to give players cancer. In this day of age with a company as big as Ubisoft why is P2P a thing? DEDICATED SERVERS PLEASE. On top of that there are so many BS errors you encounter. 'Cannot join session because it is full' What? join a different lobby please. 'You have been kicked for low FPS' What? is 120-130ish frames not enough for you Ubisoft? They need to get their ducks in  a line and try again.CONS-Some game mechanics kinda funky, guard breaks easy to chain, hard to counter-It constantly says all your equipment is new, when it really isn't-The tutorial for how multiplayer works is very confusing-Campaign is a chore to complete but we are here for MP anyway-P2P network, absolute garbage-P2P-P2PPROS (are fewer)-Gameplay is pretty smooth, easy to learn hard to master-Optimization is pretty good, steady 123-130ish frames-LOTs of stuff to unlock-Graphics are niceVerdict:(TLDR)I would highly reccomend not purchasing this game in it's current state.Rough Network, in a world of pain. So prepare if you do buy.Gameplay needs a little polishing.NEED DEDICATED SERVERS PLEASE"
76561198087313881,Not Recommended,304390,30287780,Posted: 2 March,all,mike182ac,"let me start off by saying, I truely love playing this game. In my opinion it is great fun. There are two reasons I would not currently reccomend this game.1. connection issues. they are constant and they really upset you when you lose progress on your orders or when you have to ctrl alt delete to escape a never ending""connection issue"" screen as a match is about to begin..2. the price of this game as it is should be about 25$. the lack of diversity between game modes is forgiveable because the combat formula is highly enjoyable, but there really isnt much difference in the core gameplay when you siwtch  up the game modes. This lack of dedicated servers and a AAA title price tag begin to feel like a cash grab when the game is sometimes unplayable with multi player, not to mention the fact that you can purchase the season pass at launch. I feel the developers could fix the connectivity issues and should for the price of the content.I am willing to change this to recommended if the connection issues are handled."
76561198014717861,Not Recommended,304390,30359304,Posted: 6 March,all,MikeOxsbig,"Just play chivalry, you'll buy this game and spend 3/4 of the time trying to join a match"
76561198036842532,Not Recommended,304390,31486733,Posted: 1 May,all,PainTrain,I gave a positive review at the start of this game becuase I thought the company might turn things around however I was WRONG. The reasons why I would NOT purchase this game again has been listed several times over again by other reviews.
76561198086799963,Not Recommended,304390,30233543,Posted: 27 February,all,Dixon the Vociferous,"i would give this game a good review if its pros werent entirely outweighed by its cons, its pros are  unique fighting system and interesting game play and thats about it.. its got a trashy community, unbalanced characters namely assassins as the game is utterly riddled with them, the worst match making of all time, the game has more error messages than the US has debt, slow updates and fixes, and its 60$. im sure some of my friends are gonna cry about how i didnt label it game of the year or a masterpiece of art and design, but its actually rather trashy in many of its aspects, the game has infinite combos which arent blockable and can stunlock, the dont balance anything so people playing warden with its infinite or light spam pk think they are great but probably know less than 2 combos, the game has no sense of realism and its genuinely bad because of all these issues and im not willing to overlook it.good work ubisoft"
76561198080589308,Not Recommended,304390,30233551,Posted: 27 February,all,DonKiller007,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198038695495,Not Recommended,304390,30233983,Posted: 27 February,all,[OD] Smiley0,I like the game but it really feels like ubisoft can kill anything. They cut corrners at every turn and no actions seem intuitive.
76561198114254302,Not Recommended,304390,31387172,Posted: 26 April,all,Praxert,"♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking. P2P connection will drop you every other game you play (so that means no xp for you). And $60 for this game, seriously?! AAA price for a F title. Save your money!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30072031,Posted: 20 February,all,"Haki ""Grey-Röck"" Belegarssøn 👉🤛","I can tell you 15 different reasons on why I love this game and it's extremely silly to compare it to Chivalry. But it's useless to list all of them when the game is at an unplayable state where P2P plays a huge role in kicking you in the face with constant host migration, disconnection, and to a lesser extent, lag switching and animation skipping in duel. Also, the game doesn't have a real level-based matchmaking system, so if you don't play regularly, there's a huge chance you will run into reputation 3/4 tryhards with level 108 gears when you don't have any character with 2-digit number level. Truly regret buying the game at launch.Btw, if you meet someone in duel telling you that it's ""dishonorable"" to push people off cliffs, keep doing it. You don't have to follow anyone's rule, you paid 60 bucks to play the game however you want, ignore chat message and have fun.Oh and don't attack teammate's enemy in team-based modes, guard break if you wanna help them, don't give enemy free revenge recharge.Aw ♥♥♥♥ this, since you're already reading this anyway, here's some tips on countering Orochi, my most despised character in the game:- His Storm Rush slash is slow and telegraphed with wind-up time and very easy to parry.- A lot of Orochis tend to feint a Storm Rush into a guard break then follow up with a top light attack, so keep practicing GB counter and keep your guard stance on top.- His dodge attack is extremely predictable, so try feinting and parrying. You can also dodge but that's not guaranteed working 100% all the time."
76561198075088940,Not Recommended,304390,30158698,Posted: 24 February,all,A Wandering Bear,Peer 2 peer basically killed it for me. Game has a lot of potential but becuase its P2P and not actual servers theres too many instances of sudden lag spikes which can easily ruin a match experince and thats if u dont get randomly booted cuase of connection.  Until they decide to get server's for the game I'm going to have to say no.
76561198027790045,Not Recommended,304390,30272196,Posted: 1 March,all,KERMIT THE FROG,"I really like this game. Gameplay is great, graphics are great. Everything except the internet P2P. Its simply HORRIBLE. I cant go a game without 2 or 3 people dropping or just everybody getting dropped. I want a refund. Like I said I like this game but skipping out on dedicated servers is ridicoulous."
,Not Recommended,304390,30201085,Posted: 26 February,all,Wineblood,"Overall, this game is fun and has a diverse set of classes to play. However, this has some major drawbacks that make it frustrating to play.Peer to peer connection: Everyone has talked about it. Slow matchmaking, lag and weird networking issues in gameBugs: There are still issues with the game that make it annoying to play (sometimes my orders are in random languages)Bad UX: There are so many small things that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Duel and Brawl are their own categories, but Elimination and Skirmish are a 50-50 chance on the same region.Bad input response: I've had this quite a few times and others on other platforms have also had it. You mouse your stick/mouse to switch guard and it doesn't happen, resulting in you getting hit. Guard break counter windows are small and it feels like it's more luck based.Until these issues are resolved, I really can't recommend this game at full price."
76561198115789174,Not Recommended,304390,30272255,Posted: 1 March,all,Fapis,P2P = CancerDont make the mistake like me of not getting a refund.
,Not Recommended,304390,30272293,Posted: 1 March,all,Toothpaste,"Was a good game until ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed up with the buffs. This is the only time I feel the need to tell the developer that you done ♥♥♥♥ed up. I know they aren't going to look at this because they only look at the ♥♥♥♥ing uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that doesn't have reviews, but I need to get this out. Peacekeeper should not have gotten buffs. That class was fine to start and no it is the pick of all of the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players because they can just sit there and light attack. I really liked this game, they baited me with that, but now I wish I could get a refund because it is unplayable for the class I put so much time into.Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft. The classes were fine the way they were."
76561198043347581,Not Recommended,304390,30158053,Posted: 24 February,all,Worm,Fix the network connection Peer to Peer is absolutly a bad idea
76561198110434795,Not Recommended,304390,30948777,Posted: 4 April,all,VJulianiusV,I played the game when it was in beta. Back then it worked really good and was alot of fun.Now the multiplayer doesn't work.Don't even bother buying it.
,Not Recommended,304390,30025727,Posted: 18 February,all,Retroarch,Do I reccomend this game? ♥♥♥♥ no. The chances of you not getting a brain aneurysm while playing is almost impossible. You are gonna rage at the fact that you are constantly gonna get 2v1 or 3v1 or 4v1 or stupid teammates who don't help you. Don't even get me started on the ♥♥♥♥ing P2P. They need dedicated servers. Like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥read the ♥♥♥♥ing reviews ubisoft. The people need servers cause constantly disconnecting from games is ♥♥♥♥ing beyond me. I have almost 20 hours in this ♥♥♥♥ing game and 99% of the game time is spent in loading screens. Do not get this game unless you enjoy loading screens and ♥♥♥♥ing disconnect from every game. GET ♥♥♥♥IN SERVERS
,Not Recommended,304390,30168986,Posted: 25 February,all,So Ice,Untill Ubisoft won`t get their servers and NAT fixed- I won`t reccomend this game.
76561198081181055,Not Recommended,304390,30270892,Posted: 1 March,all,BingleBop,"Been playing for an hour, played 5 matches, and only completed one due to disconnects. Great game, don't buy."
76561198138456783,Not Recommended,304390,30271120,Posted: 1 March,all,SLAB33,Great game combats engaging and exciting however... matchmakings ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ be prepared to face prestige players your first game
,Not Recommended,304390,30969109,Posted: 5 April,all,chief blazin,"I want to love this game. I really do. The combat is satisfying and it breeds a true sense of competition. The problem is the rest of the game. The garbage ""story mode"" that is a bunch of slapdash training sessions rolled together. The ridiculous pay-to-win micro transactions. The complete lack of support from ubisoft (including the stupid p2p connections). The lack of interesting game modes. The buggy/extremely cheesy enviroment kills. And worst of all the realization that this game is designed to make you pay more than the (overpriced) $60 asking price. So far this is the most disapointing game of the year. F*** Ubisoft. Thank you"
76561198162314998,Not Recommended,304390,30052695,Posted: 19 February,all,The_whole_country_of_Erangel,this game is pretty good imo.the combat mechanisms are unique.but ubi should definitely fix the servers asap.connection errors occur at random.wait for it go on discount.do not buy in the current state.wait for them to fix it.!
76561198047535141,Not Recommended,304390,30213229,Posted: 26 February,all,AlanFrost,"Good combat mechanic, very deep and interesting. Everything else is ""like ubisoft always does"", e.g. terrible. Matchmaking is just beyond any unfairness and stupidity.Do not buy it untill they fix all game issues. But I guess they never will bother."
,Not Recommended,304390,30271179,Posted: 1 March,all,Pazuzu,"the game litteraly tells you nothing about how to stop a guard break which is very important in multiplayer and its matchmaking system is the worst I've seen yet, I just started playing and I ready get matched up with a ♥♥♥♥ing prestiged peacekeeper, like cmon. I've given up on the game at that point so now it's just stuck in my lifrary never to be touched again"
,Not Recommended,304390,30831410,Posted: 30 March,all,Murky Gobbs,"I really wanted to like this game but the matchmaking is completely broken.  I found myself in 10 matches in a row going against people with 108 gear scores (maxed gear) and extremely high levels (I am rep 1).  The current ""meta"" to wrap yourself in revenge and keep spamming the same move is not fun as well, considering if you have an entire team of lower levels, one high level person can keep spamming and become virtually unkillable.  This game seems to reward people who play the game nonstop by pairing them up against lower levels exclusively, which results in a complete steamroll.  I do not recommend buying this game until it is balanced, or they fix the horrible menu screen issues and matchmaking problems.  I wish I could get a refund but sadly I played slightly too long.. ;-;Checking in 22AUG2017 and the same issues.  Wait 25 minutes to connect in a 1v1 duel and their account is prestige 109.. Mine is level 4..  I had to go against the same character I was using (gladiator) in a glitchy mess of a duel against a prestige 9 gladiator.  The game disconnects to a blurry view of the main menu where I can't activate any buttons which forces me to restart the entire game.  When I log in it shows me a 10 minute matchmaking penalty for disconnecting.  Lmao this game is a rollercoaster of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027966658,Not Recommended,304390,30046820,Posted: 19 February,all,❀Torasan,It's a pretty good single game .
,Not Recommended,304390,30046750,Posted: 19 February,all,Creesball,Usually when I spend $60 on a game I expect it to hold my interest for a while before needing a break.  This game lasted 20 minutes.  The whole feel of it is just.... Boring
,Not Recommended,304390,30384682,Posted: 7 March,all,Mumbles,"the game is terrible, it feels like♥♥♥♥♥ I played too long to ask for a refund or else I would have done it by now. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥man. Game is awful, it was a cool concept, and the base mechanics seemed pretty great but ubisoft still failed hard. Don't spend your money on this. It's especially unfriendly to new players.Save. Your. Money."
76561198155378611,Not Recommended,304390,29983233,Posted: 17 February,all,po,lost connection every time
76561198277639806,Not Recommended,304390,29973354,Posted: 16 February,all,fierylion8379,"Don't get me wrong, this game is amazing, I love it and I've been waiting for something like this game for a while. But it has some problems. Some VERY game-breaking problems. Such problems include poor-connectivity, as people are constantly kicked from games and errors happen an unholy amount of times. This is the main problem that really needs to be fixed. Ubisoft is going to drive their for honor players away from the game if it doesn't work properly. By all means, if you like this sort of game, get it. I don't at all regret my decision to buy it. But if you don't intend to play this game a lot, then you should wait for the problems to be fixed or just spend you money on another game."
76561198321359480,Not Recommended,304390,29971452,Posted: 16 February,all,Natzi kartoffel,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit game to op bots om multiplayer
76561198017206157,Not Recommended,304390,29975171,Posted: 16 February,all,Zdenan,"4v4 PvP online games get shut down by connection errors far too often, let alone for a $60 game. With that being said it is quite entertaining. I'll thumb it up if/when they fix the multiplayer issues."
76561198021218174,Not Recommended,304390,29999698,Posted: 17 February,all,CaramelOnion,"Massive connection issues, constantly getting dropped out of matches, and theres hacking issues also players are able to kick you out of matches or lag you out thanks to peer 2 peer, much fun. I have no faith in ubisoft to fix any of the problems so I will not recomend this game."
76561198071394271,Not Recommended,304390,30006008,Posted: 18 February,all,最低変態デズトさん,"For Honor is a fun game. It's not a hack and slash, but it's more of a fighting game where you have to learn the classes you use. Spamming in this game doesn't work against experienced players, so it's best to learn how to use your class.The combat system is very easy to learn, but hard to master. Basically, you have match an opponent's attack direction in order to block it and attack your opponent's ""defenseless"" side to do damage. Simple.I'm just going to list a few pros and cons of the game.PROS:- Combat is fun and fluid- Each class offers different sets of abilities and playstyles- Cool factions are cool- Free DLC for everyone- Level 3 AI are good at the game- Graphics are goodCONS:- Steel is utter garbage- It's a premium title that has micro-transactions... Why is this a thing?- Uplay is utter garbage- Friend invitations doesn't work at times- Requires internet connection at all times- P2P is utter garbage- Matchmaking is utter garbage- Pre-match loading time is utter garbage- Level 3 bots tend to be better than humans- Dominion is utter garbage (It's gank or be ganked) and people complain about honor- It made me a dishonorable man- Teamwork is looked down upon because it's ganking- Dark Souls community thinks it's Dark Souls and everything has to be ""honorable""- Salty people everywhere.- No honor in For Honor- It's Ubisoft. Why are we surprised by this?As much as I love the game, I can't turn a blind eye to it's downsides. In fact, I find it hard to do so because I'm reminded by its problems every time I try to play.Is this game worth $60? In my honest opinion, No. I would only recommend this title to someone who loves technical fighting games or has played and liked the Souls series. I'm still going to play it though because I haven't found a game that offers this kind of combat."
,Not Recommended,304390,29973719,Posted: 16 February,all,Pkingidiots,"Game is broken, when fighting if you attack and the other person blocks at the last second it will show that you hit them and sparks at the same time. you will most likely think you hit them but then will get stabbed in the face instantly and wonder what is going on.if you counter a guard breal by using your guard break it does not work half the time, same thing with parrying. Game is broken, cant deploy war assest on the world map, world map said it was going to update in 2 hours and updated right after it displayed that message to me.Don't come out with a game that is going to break 2 days after it is released"
,Not Recommended,304390,29976759,Posted: 16 February,all,depressed snake commits suicide,"One of the absolute worst games I've played in the last 5 years.Unresponsive combat system, unbalanced classes, no dedicated servers, etc.If you want to spend 60€ on 10 hours of entertainment, this game is for you. If you want a good, diverse, balanced and engaging experience, then stay away from this disaster of a game."
76561198130559215,Not Recommended,304390,29977557,Posted: 16 February,all,meh,"have been unable to even play 1 second of this game, I have tried every work around I could find on the fourms the uplay support I have searched google and I cannot find anything that will fix my problemWhen I launch the game I get the first splash art then nothing it doesnt launch Steam says the game is running but I am not playing itThe 53 mins of play time you have on my account is all from me trying to fix the problem that is causeing me to not be able to play the game.I really wanted to play this game I was looking forward to it since it was in beta but I dont understand how a product can be released like this, the game is litteraly unplayable and I am not the only one haveing this issueI went as far as reinstalling everything, steam, Nvidia, the client, uplay, windows 10, Nothing works.I give up."
,Not Recommended,304390,30055248,Posted: 20 February,all,Geralt Of Memeia,"This game is great. The gameplay is magnificent and unique, the characters are all unique and fun to play.HOWEVERThe game is being dragged down because of it's Peer to Peer connection.Some characters are OP.There's also somewhat of a Pay2Play element here, where you can buy Steel (in-game currency) and just spam loot boxes.I'd give this game a thumbs up if they add dedicated servers and stopped kicking people to the main menu."
,Not Recommended,304390,30956019,Posted: 4 April,all,Dorkopotamis,"People in the reviews aren't lying. This multiplayer is truly unplayable. I spent two hours today trying to do quickmatches and was, during that time, able to connect to all of one match. That match was fun, but not worth it. Bad experiences abound. Requested a refund. I'll check back in when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,304390,31388329,Posted: 26 April,all,🦆HomelessDucklin🦆,"This Game is Not Worth it...i Had 9 Kills in Multiplayer,i Was so Proud Because i'm Kind of New To Multiplayer Then all Of a Sudden i Lost Connection >:C Now when i Press play Multiplayer i Can't Connect...(And i Have Pretty Good Internet.)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30747940,Posted: 26 March,all,HackerMan,"Do Not Buy.Good things on this game:- Finally a semi responsive medieval combat system with great graphics and based off skill. Would enjoy however never get to play the game due to NAT, more on that below.Negatives:- NAT - server system of player hsoting on PC does not work. Constant disconnects, crashes and errors whether youve got Open NAT or Strict.- Fixing your NAT - basically you need to know what NAT is, know how to port forward, system configs to find the correct ip4 and then know your firewall back to front to allow the correct things - P.S. ive done al lthese things, disabled my firewall and opened all ports on my router yet sometimes I STILL GET RED NAT??? every second game you won't finish and therefore no xp or gear drops.- Game has Gear stats, based off character lvl gets rarer gear. MATCHING IS CRAP. YOU WILL GET MATCHED AGAISNT A TEAM OF MAX LVL's WHEN YOUR BRAND NEW TO THE GAME. This means you end up with an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥game experience as you will get 1 shot constantly and will spend more time on spawn delay screen then in the game.- Community - humans will be humans. there is no ""honor"" in for honor. You will get people who will- Valkyrie and Warlord are busted champs. Warlord Unkillable health build and Valkyrie uninterruptable 1 shot combo.In Conclusion:With all this BS within the game it makes the overall experience rubbish, however the 4 hour campaign isnt too bad. so if you wanna drop US$60 or AU$80 on a 4 hour game... I'll let you decide. For me, if I could get a refund I would have, I held on hoping they were gonna get dedicated servers but no. Seems not."
76561198038346133,Not Recommended,304390,30509231,Posted: 14 March,all,Ozule,"The game is fun yes. but the relly screwed up with the p2p servers. i havent even toched the game in a few weeks because every match i play gets droped. also they have a ""cash shop"" (really just cash for in game currency) that i dont see myself ever using nor is anyone else i know who plays the game and it is because of the fact that they were cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and went with p2p. they could have made a ton of money off of this game had they not been so initialy cheap. i know i would have been dumping money into the game if i could play a full match. until they fix the server issue i can not recomend this game to anyone. in a competive dueling game where a split secound matters..constant server inturptions really kill the fun. spend you money elsewhere untill ubisoft gets it together and fixes this game."
76561198078024626,Not Recommended,304390,30782576,Posted: 27 March,all,FLodo,"Really great game, but without ""servers"" (P2P). Ubi just taking money for doing nothing now... Maybe in few month the game gets a dedicated servers with game discount (same on Rainbow6).Dont recomending now..."
76561198015569729,Not Recommended,304390,30781819,Posted: 27 March,all,Dusty,FIX your game before you sell it for $60
76561198030600773,Not Recommended,304390,30784716,Posted: 27 March,all,Ash The Swan,"This game has one of the most interesting concepts ive ever seen in a fighting game. Which is what makes is so sad that this game is bogged down by horrible servers, uncaring developers, and absolutely horrendous balance. I can only hope that these issues will be addressed soon, but for now they make this game unplayable. DO NOT BUY THIS NOW. Wait a few months and see if it has improved. Hopefully it will follow Rainbo Six Siege's example and and become a beautiful swan. fow now, it's the ugliest duckling i've ever seen."
76561198161129032,Not Recommended,304390,33630997,Posted: 18 July,all,Natsuko-senpai,"So here is what i think, The game itself is pretty good, only one problem: matchmaking, it takes ages to find a match and you will almost never find opponents (or teammates) around the same skill as you... I think this game would probably be worth it for mayby 20$, not 60"
,Not Recommended,304390,30211367,Posted: 26 February,all,NecroSpine,"This game has flawless combat, seamless animations, and a thoroughly ok story. This is all completely pointless when put with its absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥connection. For me I have to restart the game dozens of times to make that little NAT thing turn from red to yellow, this can take anywhere from ten minutes to 4 hours in some cases. I have tried almost everything to fix this and it still doesnt work. On top of that the multiplayer suffers from constant disconnections due to the Peer to Peer connection type which is just completely terrible. Overall dont buy this game unless you are ok with the risk that you may not be able to play the game at all, or you for some reason really think the singleplayer is worth it. (hint it isnt)"
76561198153195186,Not Recommended,304390,30211401,Posted: 26 February,all,Athora,"For Honor, a very fun and hard game to learn. Once you have mastered your character, its all about if your in a 1v1 or a 1v2. If your in a 1v1 its a 50 50 chance. Now for a 1v2 your gonna die. The game servers have really bad problems. The Story Mode is amazing, but it has to be played online. Which means no offline. The loot system is fair but also annoying as it mostly seems like you get common items everytime. After 5 hours I have found the game repetitive. I give it 7/10. Recommend waiting for sale."
76561198159521206,Not Recommended,304390,30349877,Posted: 5 March,all,WEIHANG7,"worst server ever! ubsoft, if u dont solve this problem, u will lose customer. game is good, so what? cannot play... lol"
,Not Recommended,304390,30350996,Posted: 5 March,all,Squiremelons,I refuse to continue supporting For Honor until either Ubisoft fixes the NAT problems that players(Including me) have been having with the game. That or you create dedicated servers for the game. I LOVE the game and dont want it to die due to NAT issues.
,Not Recommended,304390,31341221,Posted: 24 April,all,Baby Bones Dood,"Pier to pier matchmaking make this game♥♥♥♥♥♥Steep learning curve with no match making system means more often than not you will fight players with way more play time than you also makes this game♥♥♥♥♥♥Laggy matchmaking means your opponnent will be able to lag switch into and out of combos makes this game♥♥♥♥♥♥The ability to wireshark anybody you connect to and win every match by making the game unplayable makes this game♥♥♥♥♥♥Zero replayability makes this game♥♥♥♥♥♥When you initally download the game it doesnt download the game at all but the incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay client also helps make this game and the company behind it♥♥♥♥♥♥The fact the client runs non stop even after you quit the game with the exception of killing the task itself makes this game and the company behind it♥♥♥♥♥♥Soundtrack is average at bestStory mode is ok.Ignore the memes you see on youtube and spend your money elsewhere. Its not worth the 4 hours of content and uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry. It is not my fault nobody wants your garbage teir client ubisoft stop trying to force people to install it and require it for online play even though it does nothing to stop cheaters and doesn't even run on your sever. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft and ♥♥♥♥ this game, wish I could  refund tbh I wasted too much time trying to get my monies worth out of this trainwreck that will fade into obscurity within a couple months."
76561198302706666,Not Recommended,304390,31104789,Posted: 12 April,all,bezzyaltime,I cannot express enough dissapointment...Big waste of money and the idea is great but the servers just are terrible.
,Not Recommended,304390,30949920,Posted: 4 April,all,Illusive Energy,Could have been something great.Ruined by greed.
76561198005252573,Not Recommended,304390,30043495,Posted: 19 February,all,Dominus Nox,"I have a hard time finishing a single game of dominion a day because most of the time I get disconnected within 5 minutes of starting it due to connection error. Ubisoft, pls, I don't really mind the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ donations system in a premium game, but at least put the money you get into dedicated servers and a working netcode. Also, matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,304390,30007883,Posted: 18 February,all,Rhumald,"Shieldbreak is life, shieldbreak is king.Game could be fun, if it completly, 100% lacked that mechanic. It's all about being the most annoiying you can be with it. It makes blocking obsolete.Speaking of blocking and deflecting, That's a cool mechanic, dodging is sorta busted for some charactes (as in it doesn't work) and it's busted against certain characters, because their attacks just track you right through the dodge.The assasin characters have a deflection during their dodge, which requires perfect timing to perform, is much harder than regular blocking or deflecting, which doesn't require perfection to do, and is unrewarding. Some characters have unusually slow heavy attacks for their class, while others have some heavy attacks which are faster than their light attacks (and do more damage).And then there's one completly garbage character who gets free uncounterable guard breaks, half of which track you through dodging, and those guard breaks stun you. Did I mention that guard breaking stuns you for a terribly long time?Overall, I really feel like this game lacks polish, and that there was no attempt made to balance characters, at all."
,Not Recommended,304390,30014897,Posted: 18 February,all,HapaxHog,"It is a unique and fun game and in most scenarios I would readily recommend it.The problem is that a decision was made at some point by someone who possibly had some economic motivation to save money and the result is a game released today with the most unreliable and cheapest option for multiplayer hosting; peer-to-peer.Even with a decent internet connection you will get frequent connection issues (pointless joining errors because the game is full, the game ending when a host or somtimes random player leaves) as well as occasional to frequent lag.P2P introduces all kinds of issues because it relies on everyone ideally connecting to play to be within reasonable distance of each other and with a good connection.Apart from the negative affect this has, the people that P2P hurts the most is those with slowed internet speeds and those relatively distant from the actual DNS servers so really I think this game deserves a negative review just because the majority of people who will end up buying this game probably won't be able to enjoy it as they should and that just ain't right.If Ubisoft spent the money that they should on game servers then the amount of connection issues and errors would probably be reduced by something like 90%.There is absolutely no reason for a company worth two billion dollars to still be using a outdated networking technology that originates from the era of expensive dial-up. The only people they are saving money is themselves.*If the game has been built around P2P exclusively it is the ultimate♥♥♥♥♥♥take."
,Not Recommended,304390,30170635,Posted: 25 February,all,Graay,U(n)play(able):Make a decent game and then ruin it with♥♥♥♥♥♥tier networking.
76561198005358473,Not Recommended,304390,30106075,Posted: 22 February,all,L.Williams,Previously I recommended this game but is just has too many flaws.The connection is a huge issue.The match-making in regards to level and skill is awfulThe combat can get extremly dull when you have 20hours on record vs someone who has 100+ and is prestige 7It is fun but there needs to be some major fixes.Apparently there are a lot of cheaters too (can't confirm or deny this)
,Not Recommended,304390,30355901,Posted: 6 March,all,ScuroGrissa,"I love ubisoft but not having dedicated servers for this was absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. i hope they do here what they did in division and turn the game around, as it is now its nothing but a lesson in frustration. really sad such a good game to be ruined by being cheap, also the amount they will lose from people not buying dlc will prolly be pretty bad."
,Not Recommended,304390,30364633,Posted: 6 March,all,Data_Strand,This game is complete utter garbage.Relies solely on connection but ubisoft can't provide dedicated servers.To be honest I don't know why I get suckered into buying games from this junk company.
,Not Recommended,304390,30685187,Posted: 23 March,all,TheXpertGuy csgo-derby.com,"Worst Networking in a game ever. Dominion worked great in the first 2 hours. And what else lasts 2 hours? Steam Refund availability. It's like purchasing a phone with a 3-month guarantee and the phone stops working on the 1st day after 3 months are over. 0/10. Would uninstall again. But nope, for that, I will have to download 30GB again."
,Not Recommended,304390,29981231,Posted: 17 February,all,JoBe,"TL;DR The gameplay is fine and fun, but for 60€ I expected a working network, glitchless, balanced, and polished product. In current state I just can't give this game a thumbs up. Maybe if they reduced the price I could. I thought Ubisoft was a big and succesful company with loads of experience, but it seems like they are taking forever to improve the game. I'm afraid that by the time this thing is bug free with stable connections the playerbase will be nil.Otherwise I like this game very much. It has a combat system slightly akin to War Of The Roses/Vikings and the Mount & Blade series. Not too easy to learn, having some neat little gimmicks that are unique. Multiplayer has rough times with connections.Story Mode was quite good and had nice little plot twists along the way. I recommend playing the Basic Practice, Advanced Practice and Story Mode through first because it introduces you to the Art of Battle and teaches you the basics of the Heroes plus grants you loads of ingame currency and other goodies.The music and environment capture brutal war rather well, yet leave some space for humor with some funny emotes and finishers. Loving the over the top bloody executions. I think it's very well optimized for the graphics."
76561198116728128,Not Recommended,304390,30330784,Posted: 4 March,all,MONKEY,"cant believe i spent full price on this, this game is a £15 game at best i have had more fun with sidescrollers.. feels like ubisoft bait more money on marketting than developementthe only thing that this game does well is some cutscenes, some mechanics and co-op storyline .. and the mechanics are not enough along to redeem the game and if playing on co-op the level design is straight broken and it cuts out every level and only the leader can see intro cutscenes of each level.. now what this game does badly is alot...-server dropouts, connection issues, ptp network..-poor very little story ..... see raider, raider, RAIDER, RAIDER.-poor to straight broken level design-ends story without going through the rest of the samurai characters as a ploy to make you play multiplayer-pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t loot, and completey unbalanced gear-not enough good modes fro multplayer, 1v1 2v2 are the only good modes and they get boring quicki wish steam would refund me this game shame i have too many hours on it...end verdict 4/10 dont buy unless on 70% sale and dont even go near the dlc as the game is fundermentally flawed... and will take alot to make it worth while.."
,Not Recommended,304390,30549211,Posted: 16 March,all,-voye+,"DO NOT BUY GAMES DEVELOPED OR PUBLISHED BY UBISOFTI've always known that Ubisoft is a horrible company that only cares about filling their pockets with money, I had hoped that I'd wrong this time but Ubisoft appears to be incapable of change.Pros:- Great graphics.- Fluid gameplay.- Great customization.- Good variety of classes to play.Cons:- Peer-to-peer- Horrible matchmaking- Horrible balancing- Gear based- Random disconnects no matter how good your connection is.- $60 base game with a $40 season passNeutral:- Several game modes, but they feel lacking.- Microtransactions.A game with good potential ruined by decisions made so that the higher-ups would make more money4/10"
76561198109877462,Not Recommended,304390,31089053,Posted: 11 April,all,☁Shadourt☁,"This game is not really as bad as people seem to judge it as, the game can be really bad in some points such as people spamming the same cheese it tactice or connection issues and constantly being paired up against people of a way higher skill levle then you, but in my time of playing this game i've never thought of it as a bad game. I would not buy the game now until they fix its connection issues because its really bad atm."
76561198026368213,Not Recommended,304390,30562219,Posted: 16 March,all,dandadoom,"The campaign was really bad. They could have done much more with what they had, but held back. Their conservative approach to storytelling was bad; giving generic names to most of the characters means you're most likely not getting attached to any of them. Honestly the campaign felt like a really long demo.The online side of the game is cool, but it is not $60 worth cool.I already made my mistake on the last Battlefront, and hopefully this will be my last. I wish Steam could have a ""recall"" on games where if it was so bad they would just accept the return if you played more than the return minimum."
76561198035615154,Not Recommended,304390,30276785,Posted: 2 March,all,MackeS,Server stability is a mess and I get constatnyl matchmaked with players With waaaaaaaay more advanced skill and experience than myself. Gameplay is good but MM and servers suck. The campaign is repedetive and stale4/10 Enjoyed playing when matched properly and Peer to peer servers worked. Would NOT buy if i could remake the decition now
76561198028451108,Not Recommended,304390,32112183,Posted: 1 June,all,Captain Placeholder,"Just don't buy this game, there is no point anymore, ubisoft, in real ubisoft spirit ♥♥♥♥ed it up again. But let's not waste time with this one.Pros:1 really satisfying gameplay when you don't lag2 Character look awesome, let's not lie to ourselves the characters look AMAZINGLY COOL, it is every kids dream.3 High skill cap, a lot of characters have a rather high skill cap and after some time you can recognize a good player from a bad one.Cons:1 Lag as all hells. The game lags, A LOT, and that ♥♥♥♥s up with your performance in game substancially.2 unballanced. For all the ""pros"" out there that will tell you that the game is pure skill there is always an op character that will ♥♥♥♥ you up with ease, now I am not saying that I my self am a pro in this game but I can tell you with certainty that I am not the worst noob either and that I had some pretty amazing matches with other good players as well, and yes, the balancing of game is bad, especially now with the shinobi and the centurion.3 gear score. Now I don't personally dislike the idea of having better gear the more you play, but the sheer fact that you have to reach prestige 3 with any character in order for the gear to have a meaning at all plus the fact that leveling up will mostly include you getting your♥♥♥♥♥beat due to lower gear score from other players and the fact that it takes some days to reach a character to prestige 3 is just a way for ubisoft to try and sell you microtransaction...ON A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 60 EUROS GAME, which also doesn't justify them.4 the game will kick you out of lobbies some times even if you or anyone else lagged in them, I don't know why I don't know how but the game has kicked me or other players from my game more times than i've played a match to the end, the amound of times I got kicked out of a game or I had a full bot game because... well who knows why are tremendous.5 This game is published by one of the worst publishers, ubisoft, they don't deserve your money or your time and the game is dying anyway the only thing they wanted to do with this amazing game, because this game had a lot of potential it is true, and I am terribly sad that it won't be fulfilled because I loved this game, but appart from that all they wanted to do is get some fast cash with iron pack and premium memberships...on a 60 euros game again this is not a free game, OH they also add dlcs now :D ain't that great?6 and lastly, the game is clucky a lot of times, sometimes hit will go through objects...some times they won't, sometimes you will parry at the right time but the hit will register EVEN THOUGH you saw the animation of you parrying (lag) some characters can keep rolling into objects and have invinsibility frames even though they are not moving from their position nobushi for example, and the gameplay it self favours the defender, meaning that a lot of times two players will just stare at each other waiting for the opponent to attack first because that is advantageous for them, some characters have combos which you have to predict (warden, shinobi) and if you don't predict the correctly well...good ♥♥♥♥ing luck there mate they start all over again maybe next time will be the time for you to shine.over all the game had amazing potential it was a game I was really hyped for and the only time I said to my self maaaybe ubisoft won't suck again...but it did, of course it did...I was hesitant about buying this game and I regret doing so, even though it did give me some moments of fun playing it, Oh and one last thing if you are gonna buy this game pick as a main character something OP, they never seem to fix them and you will enjoy the game a lot more than someone like me for example who picked kensei and sticked with him even though he is kinda underpowered...good luck and I hope that was helpful"
,Not Recommended,304390,32108883,Posted: 1 June,all,Kinkgaming,"Game was fine , then ubi needed to sell season pass , so they made the cent!"
,Not Recommended,304390,34647235,Posted: 31 August,all,Splat,"This game started out as a buggy mess with fun gameplay elements with a lot of potential. Unfortunately, the game is still buggy and all of the potential that was there has been misused through the addition of the $40 season pass and the characters locked away behind that season pass. While every character is avaible for ""free"", each of the new characters costs 15,000 steel(the in game currency) which is equivalent to $15. Many of the new characters bring unfair and unbalanced elements to the game. It seems that Ubisoft got some sort of fetish for stun locks and what feels like cutscenes. From what used to be a fair playing ground at the start turned into who had the highest gear score which now into who's willing to shell $40 for the season pass to play the latest characters, allowing what seems to be free wins, resulting in more exp, leveling faster, and getting better gear sooner, turning already viciously strong characters into unkillable one-shotting monsters. The game mode Dominion is what truly presents the issues the best since gear actually matters in this mode, and while there are still the duel and brawl modes where gear stats are diabled, the issue with the base strength of the new characters still stands. While it becomes a somewhat fair 1v1, the duel and brawl modes have low player activity, causing skill gaps to increase, regions being spread increasing ping, and the overall wait time per match. No one wants to sit and wait for 5 minutes just to hop into a 1v1 duel against a Centurion(argueably the strongest character in the game atm) and get destroyed vs waiting 10 seconds to get into a dominion match a 4 Centurions vs whatever is on your team and having the same happen. While you can still have fun in private matches with friends or with the story mode, both of these will only last a couple hours and then get boring or you will have beaten the story. With the game in its current state I can't say that I'd recommend it to anyone, for I feel they would just get mad and refund it or just waste their time."
76561198146943696,Not Recommended,304390,31128373,Posted: 13 April,all,[S!K]Ghostsniper,this game is a rip off save your money It takes for ever to find a match crashes at least twice a day never go agaisnt 2 or more at a time in battle get randomly kicked out this is one of ubisofts worst game ever                 ubisoft im very disapointed with the so called effort into this game
76561198039663041,Not Recommended,304390,30843286,Posted: 30 March,all,Bewilderbeast,"Good graphics and mildly fresh gameplay mechanics, but dwarfed in comparison to the absimal qualites of EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THE GAME. The astoundingly short single player campain will keep even the most amature gamer occupied for all of five hours tops. The majority of early reader books will have a more compelling story."
,Not Recommended,304390,34560155,Posted: 28 August,all,PIPER,"If there is only one thing you get out of this review, it is that this game is a complete rip-off for $60. The sad thing is that this game could have been such a success and such an excellent game; but unfortunately, Ubisoft screwed it up. When you first play the game, it is very fun and entertaining. The graphics are great, has an interesting combat system, lots of customization, and so on. However, after a week or so of playing you will start to notice that this game has more issues than your crazy ex-girlfriend. What are these issues you ask? Well, lets list them:1). The characters, combat system, and general gameplay is horribly bugged and broken. The combat system, although an excellent concept and is fun when it works or is not abused, was implemented terribly by ubisoft. Again, the sad thing is, if done properly, this game could have been a gem. The Combat system is bugged and things such as blocking does not work half the time. It is too common for strikes not to register as well. Your characters ""unblockable"" attacks are able to be blocked by those who are able to abuse the bugs while other characters normal attacks seem to be unblockable while they are being spammed. It is bugs like this that make the game extremely frustrating.2). Another major issue is that the characters are horribly unbalanced. Mix Over-Powered characters with a buggy combat system and you now have a game that is based on who can abuse their characters exploits and general exploits of the game most. Many characters have combos that are virtually unblockable, and can be spammed to eternity. The only real way to combat this is to learn the exploits of your character and abuse them. In essence you have to fight BS with BS and unfortunately, some characters have more BS than others.3). The match-making system in this game is atrocious. Honsetly, whoever designed For Honor's match making needs to be publicly executed. When you get into a match there is a 50% chance you are going to be thrown into a game already in progress and typically it is just a massacre. If you happen to get into a new game, there is high probability that you will get kicked from the game for some stupid ""error"" or ""anti-cheat error"". While playing a match, the game is constantly being paused to (which always seems to happen in a duel that you are winning). These server issues are extremely obnoxious. Also, match-making balancing is virtually non-existent. It is rare that you get into a game that the 2 teams are evenly balanced. There always seems to be a stacked team.4). Revenge: A mode your character can enter in when you take enough damage and/or block enough attacks. Revenge gives you a health boost, damage boost, and defense boost. This is complete BS. It is very aggravating when you get your oppenent down to a sliver of health and then all of a sudden they go into revenge mode and seem to go into a PCP induced rage giving a huge health boost, and doubles their damage and defense. There is virtually nothing you can do about it. Worst of all, it is stackable. It also seems like with some characters if you so even look in their general direction they get this mode.5). If you are wondering about the solo campaign, here is a quick overview. It is entertaining and graphic (which is very nice) however, the story really makes no sense, and is VERY corny. Also, you can literally be disconnected from a solo campaign game for server issues (seriously)?6) Want to know what should never be in a $60+ game? MICROTRANSACTIONS. You pay $60 for a game and the first thing that comes up when you start the game is a sales pitch for you to buy in-game currency or a ridiculous ""season pass"" which costs $30 or $40. The season pass allows you to play brand new characters (which are absurdly OP) and will also allow you to skip the ""grind"" of leveling up characters and gaining new equipment. Paying an intial $60 and buying a $30 season pass and/or other microtransactions puts you close to $100 in the hole for a broken game. It's nothing short of a scam.7). The worst problem this game has is the refusal of Ubisoft to fix these obvious issues with their game. These issues have been around since the game first released and they have yet to fix them as we are approaching a year since its release. With all these issues that this game has, you would think that they would work to fix them. Instead, they would rather create new characters that are absurdly OP that you can only gain access to after purchasing a $30 season pass. Funny how that works huh? Create a few new Obviously OP characters to entice you to spend more money in the store, and if you don't buy this pass to have access to these characters, you are at a major disadvantage. This is BS.I wish I could recommend this game, but unfortunately it is not nearly worth the $60 price tag. It's not even worth half that price in its broken state. If they have not fixed these issues as of yet, then I doubt that they will ever fix them in the future.Do yourselves a favor and spend your hard earned money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,304390,30278479,Posted: 2 March,all,Supreme Grand Master K. Draigo,"I do love this game actually but due to the many connection errors and issues that occur due to ubisofts bad servers and the ♥♥♥♥in p2p system they use (even though my NAT is open) I can't recommend it right now! Also this game has some balancing issues, but that's Ubisoft.EDIT: I reinstalled it only to see NOTHIN' changed, because now not only the game does suck, the community is even more worse than the one from Call of Duty, good job Ubisoft..!! Also the bugs Ubisoft mentioned to be fíxed like Guardbreak Counter isn't working well, well guess what, it still doesn't work well.... XDEDIT 2: Played the game today again after I had stopped playing it for a month, well nothing changed and now even the optimization does suck, so well here we go, Uninstalled.. (And this time for sure!) Ubisuck be honest to yourselves! This game was a total failure, stop developing it, discontinue the service, really there is no reason keeping wasting money on it, you won't get any more out of it.. Man I am the hell lucky I decided against the Gold Edition and only bought the Deluxe Edition, still crying for my money though..For the time's being last Edit: If there is one thing that ever worked in For Honor, it is/was the uninstall button...EDIT 3: So many patches later and the game is still broken as ♥♥♥♥, p2p is working better now but it still has its special moments, and well both new heroes are OP, who would have expected this? And eight patches later the game is still not balanced, yeah well they fixed things but they did not even bother to nerf those weebs and the PK.... Ubisoft, please, get rid of those weebs in the For Honor development team and make this game great again, like it was in all three betas.... I mean don't you see it Ubisoft, from about 19000 people only 45% of those recommend this game, this didn't came out of nowhere Ubisoft.. But I will stop complaining now, because Ubisoft does not listen to its Community... To be pretty honest I don't think they even give a ♥♥♥♥ about us. Because why change the game if the dosh flows? The universe is infinite, so is the list about things in For Honor, which will never be fixed, changed, balanced or removed."
,Not Recommended,304390,30491214,Posted: 13 March,all,WOOK,"I can't join any games. When i first got the game, i could join matches (even though the p2p matchmaking is terrible overall), but now every time i boot the game, it keeps searching for lobbies without ever joining any, even on game modes with high activity. And i know that's on Ubisoft because i can play other games online just fine, even games with garbage p2p matchmaking like For Honor has. I'd talk about the actual game, but like this i effectively can't even play the game i paid for anymore. Shameful, Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30348817,Posted: 5 March,all,Pesado_,"The game is good, the fighting mechanics and style are excellent but... Everything else is terrible. The connection with the servers is bad, the matchmaking is bad, the game is full of bugs, just like Alpha and Beta. Some characters are unbalanced and easy to exploit, the game crashes 1 time per hour and you lose your progress in the game when that happens.That was the first game I got from Ubisoft, and the last.Sorry for my bad english, but I just had to share my opinion."
76561198086875166,Not Recommended,304390,29945950,Posted: 15 February,all,Dragxus,"The gameplay is pretty good but it does get repetitive over time. The game's main selling point is the art of battle and pvp (of course) But i feel as if they relied too much on that instead of content for both multiplayer and singleplayer gameplay. The story was way too short, stale, and frankly boring. The ending felt very weak and anti-climactic. The main antagonist which is Apollyon isn't a very memorable. Her character and motives felt very black and white from start to finish. She didn't really have a very deep or defining philosophy other than wanting war to happen between the factions. I really believe that they could've done much better considering their past works such as the 'Far Cry' series or the 'Assassin's Creeds' series. But main focus of the game is obviously in multiplayer so i guess it's understandable why the story is the way it is. The art of battle system  makes multiplayer combat very skill dependant and engaging. Winning a fight really feel satisfying and losing one doesn't feel frustrating. The multiplayer is enjoyable for the first few hours but it gets old fast. I just wish that there are more to Multiplayer to make a game like dominion more interesting, strategic and longer. And i wish that something could be done so that the game is more stable because from time to time, i do get disconnected mid game which can be very irritating. And i don't know if i am the only one who feels this way but the game doesn't really reward you for winning and doesn't punish you for losing a match. And this makes it very hard to feel motivated to go do another match. Conclusion, Ubisoft released a pretty good game with an awesome combat system but lacking in content and stability which is unfortunate for the price tag. If you're on the fence about getting this game, I recommend that you wait a bit for the price to go down because i honestly feel like it's not a game worth buying at full price. But when it does go down, i highly recommend that you give the game a shot but for now... I won't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29948299,Posted: 15 February,all,[1st] Joshhhuaaa-,"This is what you get when the studio from Splinter Cell Blacklist makes a game.2,700 players in under a month."
76561198262776885,Recommended,304390,31921347,Posted: 23 May,all,۞CuteKitty۞,"*Enters event**Waits for 5 minutes**Error**Tries again**Another 5 minutes**Error**Repeat*For honor is a peer to peer connection simulator that exceeds at inversing you on the peer to peer hell, unless you play duels/brawls which take at most 2 tries, otherwise 10/10 simulator."
,Not Recommended,304390,30651911,Posted: 21 March,all,redstain,"had high hopes for ""for honor"" but it turned into another cancer meta yawn fest."
,Not Recommended,304390,29927396,Posted: 14 February,all,Vextrus118,"This game is like it is running in stop motion with connection interrupted as its film title. Ubisoft, I want to like your games but you do an excellent job in ruining that opportunity!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29927353,Posted: 14 February,all,MrTwinkeys,"I have never wrote a review of a game before. but this is necessary. Ubisoft has made a broken game. Everything is unresponsive when I'm running a core i5 and using a 200mbps internet connection. The game was super fun in the beta and I have no idea how the game got worst post-release. I can believe I would ever refund a purchase on steam, but this isn't the game I wanted anymore. I'd rather play dark souls with no bonfires and no deaths allowed. This game is pure AAA garbage."
76561198023765843,Not Recommended,304390,29931012,Posted: 14 February,all,OG-Tortoise,"The gameplay is fun...but Ubisoft...peer to peer connection is horrible.  STOP.  Somebody drops and it starts going to hell.  Just tried 5 matches and all resulted in drops and a waste of time...Then the microtransactions.  You do realize the costume pack costs damn near the amount of a normal season pass....actually more.  This game could've been better. I'd buy stuff if I like the game and the microtransaction is reasonable as it relates to the price of the content.  Not that mobile game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t prices.For those reasons I can't thumbs up this game.  People rate games not solely on gameplay nowadays.  Well, at least gamers who care about the industry do."
76561198038565448,Not Recommended,304390,30085907,Posted: 21 February,all,Shade,"Base game is great, based on amount of content probly not worth full price.Has a bit of issues like power-ups spawns at the begining of rounds instead of on a delay so its generaly better (and a common tactic) to ignore the opponent, pick up the closes power-up and then start fighting, some maps are completely horrible on that point with power-ups in the spawn areas.(The game would probly be named ""Dishonored"" is if was not already copyrighted).The game also suffers from about every technical/connectivity issue one can imagine everything from unable to connect with friends, game-to-game noticable diffrence in performance (connection), lack of proper game servers and the occcasional but always there: crashing."
76561198010427296,Not Recommended,304390,34894505,Posted: 11 September,all,[OTD]Sir_Thorn,"Alot of bugs... ALOT! Stuck running sidways or backwards. Unable to lock onto other players. Reviving other players is really laggy. Quite a few video Glitches. 3/10 games your kicked after playing for 8 of 10 minutes or less (due to connection, or anti cheat connection, or one of five other reasons) and get no exp or money just sent to the main menu over and over. Now IF and i STRESS ""IF"" you get a game or a few that don't disconnect you. You will have 10+ pauses per 10 minute match for desync's and resync's. Now all that aside there are 3-4 character types that when you play and spam 1-3 buttons over and over you can exploit it and not let your opponent even move, so expect alot of ppl using them which ruins gameplay entily. Also note that Ubisoft has a long history of never fixing game breaking bugs (Silent hunter 5 cough cough 1 of 20 i could list) Not to mention Ubisoft comes off Extremely Greedy with this game $80 CDN for a broken game and if you want to get any of the character released since the game came out you need to pay and additional $40 every 10 weeks or Grind 30-40 hours of gameplay and not spend a cent to unlock 1 of the 6 exclusive toons for 15000 Steel (11000 Steel can be bought for the low low price ooof $13.49 CDN!!!) So they want like $17 CDN to unlock each of those Toons. Oh and the game likes to finish say victory and then just not end then you ge stuck till the host who ever that is leaves and then the match restarts at the biginning and is EXTREMLY GLITCHY(ppl with invisable weapons or shields, no one can lock onto anyone, invisable players that can fly around and go thru walls, Npc soldiers that are stuck and unable to be attacked, Bots usually just stand at starting point and do nothing when this happens"
,Not Recommended,304390,29933906,Posted: 14 February,all,NonStop™,"Ubisoft have done it again!This was a gift, me personally will NEVER USE MONEY ON A UBISOFT PRODUCT!as it was with The Division, it just wont start. gonna take some months before this gets fixed.All other top-tier games run smooth without any instance of problems.Win 10 64 Pro32gb rami7-4820K2x-Asus gtx 1080 fe edit.All SSD, more than enough storage.Hang yourself Ubisoft, just do it.With best regards"
76561198282294684,Not Recommended,304390,29933380,Posted: 14 February,all,philip.scotia,typical ubisoft... they screwed up a good game again.... micro transactions and fked up server. i will change my review if they fix these. these server issues are unacceptable for AAA game... ubisoft does it again. another failure that was not ready for release... like the division.
,Not Recommended,304390,34887806,Posted: 11 September,all,Manchu,"________________________________________________________Since the release of season 3. Finding a match can take from 1-4 minutes finding a lobby together. the oddity about it is not from low community population as the population has been stagnant since post release popularity and at the time finding a match was fairly quick. Now  Players dropping midgame and being replaced by bots that stay in spawn area (most occasions). Matches complete but end up not concluding, then restarts the match with renown/kills/deaths scoreboard still from original match.  I can barely complete a full game with out having losing connection with other players and get kicked off for losing ""connection"" or anticheat BS.  Every patch they released since season 3 has made connection issues worse. Many people complained about server issues since season 1 but I have never experienced any issues about till season 3 came out.Conclusion________________________________________________________While the game is very unique and has so much potential. I love the game for what it is and will still play it every now and then, but no longer daily due to connection issues.I can no longer  recommend this game in the meantime to friends for its consistent connection issues till they fix P2P connections or add dedicated servers as they promised for season 4."
,Not Recommended,304390,29933385,Posted: 14 February,all,odacniar,"I enjoy the game and would like to leave a positive review, but I cannot because of the microtransactions present in the game! You are able to purchase steel, which would otherwise need to be earned in-game-in this way, the game is pay-to-win because the player who pays the most wins the most. They will have the most gear, etc. This is very frustrating because I don't want to spend even MORE than $60 on this game, but want to be able to compete on a level playing field of progression with other players."
,Not Recommended,304390,29971385,Posted: 16 February,all,kebab removes you,"The game is good, but the multiplayer constantly lags. It makes it unplayable."
76561197995802920,Not Recommended,304390,29970666,Posted: 16 February,all,LeiYingLo,"This game compleatly screwed me over my money, partaly due to steam having nothing but robots for refunders. I played the closed beta, and it was outstanding. Open beta.. little diffrent but still a damn good time. Then launch...The balancing in this game is done by infants.. characters that where fine where they were. got nerfed. other got buffed. for seemingly no reason but heres the kicker..Playing the betas and having such a good time I figured nothing would have changed much. So i gleefully played through the story on multiple difficulties to unlock all teh sweet goodies for multiplayer and custemization, but when that is all well and done, story mode gose the way of the dinosars. Theres litturaly 0 reason to play the story over again if you've unlocked everything. So then you jump into the ""meat"" of the game.multiplayer in almost any sence becomes a war of who is better at Guard breaking and parrys. thats it. its parry/guardbreak war. This was nothing that i hoped it would be, and in beta it wasn;t due to everyone still learning and useing their character's diffrances to their advantages. Everyone fell for the guard break and everyone missed a parry now and then. but people started getting really good at guardbreaking tech and parrys. And this behold the meta of multiplayer! No pizzaz no fun no anything just who screws up first.. and then dies. unless your shugoki who delibratly takes damage in order to perform a move based on health lost that will instantly kill an opponant.eather way, due to my time spent in story mode looking forword to multiplayer i exeeded the time spent to get the refund. 2 hours of play time. hell the cutsceans ALONE in the story can match over 2 hours. So steams refund is compleatly screwed due to bots not understanding the problem here.But for the review.. unless you played darksouls and in dark souls only parryed littley 100% of the time and found that fun. You may not enjoy this game. Save your money. prevent you from being scred over by steams idiotic refund ststem that generalizes every experience under 2 hours of play. Some games.. like this one.. will bait you... beware,"
76561198057563684,Not Recommended,304390,31075775,Posted: 11 April,all,Stefan,"As of April 4, 2017100 hrs. + of gameplay since release.General ReviewPros:- combat system- Fun heroes and gameplay when cons dont come in to play- Factions and competitive dynamic faction war system- Graphics and design- Sound/Music- Voice acting- Honor (usually only shown in brawl)Cons:- Connecitivity issues- Unknown reasons for being disconnected to games (e.g. ""error 3000000300)- Being disconnected due to ""low FPS"" when the fps counter is counting 160+ (always kicks me once my FPS drops from200 to 160 spontaneously)- In game transactions soely on steel (paying $60 to $100 only gets you a portion of what the game has in store)- Limited to committing to one hero due to steel cost and requirement- Small and shrinking player base- Poor story- Imbalanced match ups (multiple times have I have I seen players with full gear against low tier to no tier geared players)- Multiple bugs- Limited maps (reskined maps)- No HonorThis game had its ups and downs, but unfortunately most have been going down.  Gameplay gets destroyed from imbalanced match ups, connection errors, and server connection errors.  There are still multiple bugs, and many heroes still need tweeking in many places.  Steel income is hard to come by especially without champrion status, which you can pay for from earning or buying steel.Many skins and cosmetics are only purchasable by steel, and weapon upgrades need steel and salvage.  Although salvage may not be hard to come by, it takes several mounds of steel to upgrade equipment forcing the player to be limited on one of the many heroes in the game.  The PC playerbase has dropped ever since release, fortunately consol (PS$) mostly has still stayed in tack and is still growing, so if you still plan on buying this game and have a PS$, I would recommend that platform for you.The community in general are nice, and many are skilled.  There are also many elitists, and immature people who usually brings salt and cannot accept a loss.  Sometimes gameplay can be repettative and constricted to one mode because the other modes do not have activity.Althought I have mixed feelings about this game, I would still not recommend it, especially for the casual videogame player who just wants to relax and have fun."
76561198062697404,Not Recommended,304390,30362188,Posted: 6 March,all,Cincilak,"This game had so much potential.... unfortunately:- P2P- Bad community of young ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who throw you out of map asap- NO HONOR- Even after full realease so much crashes occurs- Only a few mods in thereI have expected this game to entertain you... not leave you in anger of being kicked down from bridge 3times in a row with comment ""It's game mechanic  tho"".This game is called FOR Honor and I did not find any honor in opponents 90% of a time. Disappointed"
,Recommended,304390,30219470,Posted: 27 February,all,Novakyad,"Despite not having dedicated servers both the console and pc version of For Honor from my personal expereince are a great time to be had solo and with friends, while not perfect since no game is perfect anyways. I find this game is a positive outlook for Ubisoft. Call me optimistic, but I love Ubisoft and just want them to make great games again, thus why I'm, recommending For Honor for its great gameplay, level of fun, easy to team up with friends with. Yes it may lack in content for some and others may not like the loot drop system, but besides those For Honor is a great game and worth trying only if you're open minded to try new things and overlook its imperfections. I give For Honor a 8 out of 10."
76561198013795676,Recommended,304390,30055716,Posted: 20 February,all,Alidokta,"The game in itself is great. I'm gonna try and keep this review as short and clear as possible.GAMEPLAY: 9/10Pure skillbased system with alot of depth and possibilities. Battles are tense and the system is thought out very well. The fights and scenery also look fantastic, resulting in a great gaming experience overall.STORY: 7.5/10I like the story-part of the game, but i think i'd rather have a system in which i am either introduced to ALL of the playable characters, in stead of 2-3 characters from each faction like it is the case right now, or in which i am introduced to the different characters and otherwise free to choose between the 'unlocked' heroes to play a mission. In most missions all of the main characters are present, so why not allow us to choose which one we would rather play?MULTIPLAYER: 6/10I feel quite sad to give this part only a 6/10. The gameplay in itself is fantastic, but the peer-to-peer system with the quite unstable connection leads to alot of frustration when trying to find games or when people are (rage)quitting a match, resulting in a wonky host transfer which might or might not succeed.TL;DRVery good game, poor connection."
76561198327519769,Not Recommended,304390,30160177,Posted: 24 February,all,R.I.O.T.,"Error 7-00000004 continuously appears, I payed 70$ for this game and it consistantly resends me to the title screen. I had to remake my shield emblem 7 times before I had it memorized well enough to recreat it before the game reset again. Finally I made it and the emblem saved, then I got into the game and lowe and behold it reset. I dislike the Ubisoft download server Uplay, and I feel it is demanding too much from my computer (much like this game is demanding too much from its players). I want to support this game, I've seen successful gameplay and it is beautiful. I love the idea of the faction system and I want to be able to play it more than anything right now, but it is unfortunately simply unplayable and thus Ubisoft I regret to inform you that under the definition of the word ""game"" you do not have one, for this is not a game until it is accessible to anyone wanting/willing to play it. I want to play this game, so either fix the damned error or I must request a refund."
76561198082305348,Not Recommended,304390,30048371,Posted: 19 February,all,Jeff Goldblum,"This game had me so hyped, for months. I actually preordered it 05.08.2016. And when i played in the different alphas and test i had a lot of fun, there was some connection issues, but i figured those would be fixed on launch, little did i know that this ♥♥♥♥ing $60 dollar game would not have dedicated servers...Also a big buzzkill for me is that u pick characters after u join a lobby, so me and my lvl 3-20 characters get matched with people with ♥♥♥♥ing prestige 2-5, which makes the game ubearable.To sum up, the gameplay is incredibly fun, but don't buy it until you start seeing good reviews, because right now i regret buying this game..."
76561198143503508,Not Recommended,304390,30460502,Posted: 11 March,all,Nicholas Picholas,Ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30466458,Posted: 12 March,all,Skulldan,">Requires Uplay, thats the first in the long list of trageties that is this game.The campaign is shocking and repeditive, bots are absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t op. The mini bosses and minions wont even gaurd, then you fight a boss that 2 shots you and parries all your attacks (I was playing on hard to be fair, and I did finish it)Then I jumped into multiplayer, everyone did more damage, everyone was level 15+ while I was level 1 and I had no access to any skills. I just dont understand it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30160521,Posted: 24 February,all,hmzfier,You spend more time waiting to get into a multiplayer game than actually playing.
76561198021638170,Not Recommended,304390,30426701,Posted: 10 March,all,Bjarki,"Without a doubt one of the best pvp games i have ever played, would highly recommend this game if you love medival combat and intense pvp. This is however ruined by the server constantly dropping you out of games and it kinda ruins your experience. I've actually had some pretty good games but it's like 1 out of every 3 matches ruined by disconnects.Highly recommend you buy this product once the servers have stabilized. But as of now? No."
,Recommended,304390,29925498,Posted: 14 February,all,Sandman13,"Played in closed and opened beta.. 4v4 with friends custom matches..Destroyed our friendship because of playing with 'no honor'Playing it still in full released..getting owned by randoms and destroying our friendship.. some of my friends havent rage in games, now they are raging a lot..10/10 must buy this game.. it change people"
,Not Recommended,304390,30048081,Posted: 19 February,all,Volgan,"With there being two options for this game Story, and Multi they both ""work"" but have problems. The campaign works pretty well, but is fairly boring as there is no surprises or twists that really keep you engaged. As a lot of negative reviews go into the Peer 2 Peer which is severally bad, and causes a tremendous amount of issues for online play. The way P2P is implemented can have an actual effect on the outcome of your match. With bad lag on the host or random host dropping can crash your whole game, and this could happen several times in a row. With timed events such as guard breaker, or parry can leave you pretty frustrated with a bad host or laggy players. Until they fix their connection problems this is a negative review until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30036210,Posted: 19 February,all,Entoma Vasilissa ζ,"So i played open beta and started playing the full game.The upside of this game:1. Good combat system which is based on skill rather than spamming.2. Nice characters where they all have something different going for them.3. Nice graphics.The neutral side of this game:1. Not pay to win i know that some people claim it to be like this but even if you unlock all abilities on characters you still need to unlock them mid game, meaning that if you cant use the combat system you will never use abilities, and other things you can get for real money are gear and effects, emotions, executions, etc. The most you can get out of gear at the start would be lvl 3 gear which can increase some attribute but will decrease other.Now the downsides, in my opinion there is only one downside of this game and thats the multiplayer system.Because they use ""innovative"" peer-to-peer it becomes problematic to find games (even harder to play with friends especially with different internet providers), you will get a bunch of ""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu."" and you can't do anything about this.The multiplayer gamemodes are grouped and the only way you can PRIORITEZE (not find but prioritize meaning there is a chance you will find other gamemode)  them is by favoriting them in settings some people may say things like ""but why would you care what gamemode you get"" well thats because you get orders which give you exp for character and steel (the main currency which can also be bought with real money) and this orders are usually about very specific gamemodes meaning that you must play exactly this gamemode in order for it to count but when you start searching games it can search for other gamemodes as well this can be very annoying most of the time.IF and only if you have a good internet provider you can buy it and play it without many problems, oh and be advised the community is pretty bad, they will steal your kills, make it difficult to fight, or not say anything if their opponent ran to you.Verdict:  ""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu."" out of multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,304390,30353713,Posted: 6 March,all,MonkInsane,"Firstly, when I do get to play glitch or crash free - the game is amazing.Pity UbiCRAP ruined yet another ""could-have-been AMAZING!"" game by going with P2P - yet again. The gameplay is great, and when I can actually find a game & the match isn't interrupted by ome glitch, crash, drop or freeze - it is REAAALY fun. But sadly, once again a great game ruined by Ubisoft's greed and incompetence.I think I'm done with Ubisoft titles - FOR GOOD."
76561198082706765,Not Recommended,304390,29987924,Posted: 17 February,all,PotatoWarrior95,"i love this whole game. but one thing ruins this whole game to make it unenjoyablebeing pushed over cliffes or death by being hugged...you can fight and knock their health down one bit at a time then, when they are about to die, they just chuck you off a cliff. there is only like a 1 in a million chance of actually reversing it. but even then they will try and find a way to do it again and some maps you cant even avoid the edges...game was ruined."
,Not Recommended,304390,30196941,Posted: 26 February,all,Raikinen,"It is a shame. This game had a lot of potential. Ubisoft is a company I have no respect for anymore.P2P is aweful. Microtransactions. If this game was F2P I could understand but a full $60 is inexcusable.1Gb Fiber internet and still disconnect about every other match.I can only hope that another company takes the base idea of this game and does it right.Goodjob Ubi, you did it again."
76561198017394683,Not Recommended,304390,30050154,Posted: 19 February,all,Covfefe,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. The gameplay itself is actually really fun, however when it comes to playing the game it is a heaping pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥for most of the time and barely manageable for only a little bit at a time. Between your enemies straight dc/ing mid fight, you dc/ing mid fight and super obnoxious abusable moves which have no real downside this game is likely to get your blood pressure up. You may like it like i did, however it may also start to get really old when it takes forever to get into anything and when you do, you are obviously versing people who have been playing for far longer making the skill gap seriously unreasonable at timesThe person who decided on the way this game was going to handle multiplayer networking needs to be justifiably punished, its ♥♥♥♥ing horrid and until its fixed its gonna be a ""No"" recommendation from me"
76561198147431085,Not Recommended,304390,30267566,Posted: 1 March,all,Cheesus Christ,"This game had some real potentialTL;DR: this is an extremely unbalanced that wasted its potnetialthe closed and open betas showed off a fighting system that was both simple and incredibley deep, which was awesome to play with.  however, the recent peacekeeper buff made her completely broken, giving the game an established meta, following suit with the garbage bin that is dark souls 3 PVP"
76561198020735424,Not Recommended,304390,30812020,Posted: 29 March,all,Feral Man,"If i could, i refund this game in a heart beat."
,Not Recommended,304390,31818777,Posted: 18 May,all,ket,"fUbisoft is too slow fixing this game, just brought in two wildly unbalanced heroes, and the playerbase is dead."
,Not Recommended,304390,30087715,Posted: 21 February,all,ThaiLee,"A broken matchmaking and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""heroes"""
,Not Recommended,304390,29941066,Posted: 15 February,all,๖ۣۜPʁℯdαt♡r☽☣,Untill they fix the servers and multiplayer..i dont recommend getting it.
76561198012912779,Not Recommended,304390,30000954,Posted: 17 February,all,Frosty,"If anyone is honestly considering this game, think again. multiplayer is a mess, along with some combat issues.  most of the time when you join a game, it gives you some sorta "" network error"" or even some bs about multiplayer is full, which doesnt make sense to me because its p2p but whatever.an updateThe game is riddled with multiplayer problems. for starters, if your searching for a multiplayer game ( which is peer to peer), your bound to get "" game session is full"". if thats not annoying enough, if you do manage to get into a game, there is a chance that you will get some sorta network error ( many different times). the other issue with multiplayer mode, is the fact that if your in a game, then you may suddenly be kicked all the way back to main menu or even worst your game will be locked up in a reconnecting or even resyncing phase. so there is a huge problem with  connecitivity  and they havnt addressed it at all. there has been no patches  and if there has its be very trivial.in terms of game play, Ive come across issues in this area. ive noticed that if the host is lagging or has crappy connection, stuns, counters and etc simply do not work properly.  for example : player A (whos lagging) stuns player B but when player b trys to counter with a stun( guard break?) the delay hinders player Bs ablity to effectivly counter the stun.so while this game might be fun on the surface, its riddled with problems. its not worth 60,70 or even 100 dollars. if anything it worth roughly 40 to 50 dollars ( thats pushing it). to me I feel as if ubisoft has become the new EA of the industry. they care not if the game works and more about micro transactions. so to anyone wanting to buy this game, dont bother, wait until something better comes out or even wait until theres a huge discount on this pos game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30003025,Posted: 18 February,all,King Omnis AKA The Bannerman Boy,"This game is absolute garbage. You get thrown to your death about half the time, and the other half you just get gang banged by survivors that didn't get thrown off a bridge. You can tech throws, but that can get you killed too, and the teching in this game is garbage. It is harder than Street fighter 4, on pure reaction to the animation, and it can cost you half your hp, if it doesn't outright kill you. Throw in pay to win faster mechanics and you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥game by a♥♥♥♥♥♥company full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics."
76561198083594794,Not Recommended,304390,29966996,Posted: 16 February,all,megatuba,"i want my money back, i loved ubisoft but thios is it. what kind of BS is this, i should be able to play gaes off line atleast. i played 1 day and the servers have been down for over 30 hours. that last time im ever bying one you your games new Ubisoft. cant even ♥♥♥♥ing p[lay it..."
76561198190551091,Not Recommended,304390,29968323,Posted: 16 February,all,kaukey,Graphics are good - everything else sucks...bad.I hate to write this because it really seems like they put some effort into this game.This game is worse than the Division when it launched. The AI is stupidly difficult and progress with materials is absurdly slow. I played a few matches of multiplayer and it was completely lame.Since your character cannot possibly react to being outnumbered and fight back it's simply a moronfest with froups of people running around trying to outnumber each other. If they catch you - they pretty much toss all mechanics aside and buttonslap you to death. Movements are way too slow and clumsy. Contrary to the title - it's definitely honorless.So i moved on to solo play and did a bit of coop with a buddy against AI. Seemed OK at first and suddenly became absurdly difficult with the AI instant countering 99.9% of whatever move/defense you try.  I dont think I have ever been so aggravated while playing a game.  I'm starting to think about quitting gaming after all of these sorry titles releasing.Do these idiots ever try playing their own games? The multiplayer literally pisses all over the entire mechanics system! (Which was decent if it wasnt so slow)Like the Division....Check back in a year and see if they decided to make the pretty game actually playable.
76561198351679491,Not Recommended,304390,29975626,Posted: 16 February,all,tad,"The game is fun when balanced. If you like games that involve strategy (not that much), with lots of action, you'll probably like it. The main thing is that games take forever to load. I don't know if it's a problem only for me, but I can't type anything. My friends won't load, so I can't play with them. And there are a few characters who are so annoying. *Gets stabbed by sword multiple times* *Doesn't die* *Hit by spike* *Dies*Lots of blocks don't register btw."
76561198027181317,Not Recommended,304390,29959588,Posted: 16 February,all,JedsDead,"Update after the patch:I wish I spent my money on Battlefield 1.I'm from south africa, so the network system put into place screws me completely. This game is mostely played in the U.S.A. Go check out the steam stats on SteamSpy.If you're either from the States or you live close to the states and have a friend you can lobby with then this is probably going to be a great game for you. Otherwise I'd avoid it."
76561198060844819,Not Recommended,304390,29967100,Posted: 16 February,all,Dinkleton,As much as I enjoy the gameplay in this game I can't possibly recommend it with its P2P servers. If someone leaves mid game for whatever reason it may be it disrupts the game putting it at a complete halt and from most of my experiences it freezes my game. Hopefully they will dispose of this awful idea or at the least make some necessary improvements.
,Not Recommended,304390,30007704,Posted: 18 February,all,shadilay,"On top of having P2P connection and being really expensive, it has really little content and gets repetitive after like 5 hours. Combat also has design issues, such as unblockable attacks. There isn't even a gamemode where you can play without these super powers existing. Blocking doesn't register quick enough or simply doesn't register, because it's a Ubisoft game.That's what it is. A Ubisoft game. I'm ashamed for giving them money."
,Not Recommended,304390,31397367,Posted: 27 April,all,A Unbegone Thot,"So.. when this finally came out, i was so hyped for it, cause I'd love some Dark souls PvP And stuff alike it.Issue was though, that i found a game that always gave me the worst Net type.Way to much '' Pay to win '' Due to the buying of the chests, which would give you, the option to get even better items with the right stats, unlike those you'd currently have.Otherwise then that, People don't even live up to the name of the game, I've NEVER in my life played against such '' BM'ing '' people, and such.. wimpy players.Winning a Duel? Rage quit.Lost in a Duel? Get completely BM'ed and so on.It's a good game if you have the nerve system of a steel giant.Cause if not, you'd end up leaving the game for a month or two, then come back, and then go and repeat the process again.So.. Over all..Not worth the money.Even bought the golden pack, didn't get anything from it by the way."
76561198158056198,Not Recommended,304390,31285322,Posted: 21 April,all,WeberWatches,"Extremely Bad Servers. It happens more than often that you just randomly get kicked or 30% of the game you wont receive any loot because "" the servers are taking to long to react ""."
76561198147470218,Not Recommended,304390,30995733,Posted: 7 April,all,Jankoleti,For Honor in a nutshell:A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu.(0004000008)
76561198050381594,Not Recommended,304390,31066857,Posted: 10 April,all,☠J43G3RM3IST3R☠,insanly overpriced microtransactions for a full price gameboykott this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30049813,Posted: 19 February,all,NoggDog :|DoN|:,"Great game, great combat, great gameplay in general.However, the game's matchmaking is just plain stupid. Peer to peer connections instead of a dedicated server? This is 2017, Ubisoft, a AAA competitive title should have DEDICATED SERVERS to prevent hosters from leaving, ending the session. That said, just finding a game half the time is a pain. You'll wait for a minute and just have it say, ""Session is full. Try again."" or ""Unknown error, try again.""Another thing, for a AAA title that just got released, it is VERY difficult to find players around your skill level, even though the matchmaking system (which, by the by, you can't do any customizations while searching for a match) has a line regarding player skill. Oftentimes, you'll get that line to say no limit, meaning you either obliterate the enemy or get utterly steamrolled. This also affects bot matches, of which the difficulty cannot be set by an option, which makes the bots go from 1 (easy) to 10 (godlike future-sight hellbeasts), but no control is given to the player to set it themselves as it is.As I said, the game is great. The combat is great. The gameplay is great. The matchmaking and hosting are absolute trash. That is what ruins the game. I don't doubt that this might just eventually get fixed to be bearable. Until then, I just can't recommend the game to new people, the matchmaking system is too horrid."
76561198039614232,Not Recommended,304390,30221129,Posted: 27 February,all,MEATnPOTATO - Youtube,"Thought I was playing For Honor not Dungeons and Dragons...The game is only 4v4 maximum and a 3 way blocking / attacking system.  In 2017 that is a complete joke considering you have games like war of the roses and mount n blade having 4 way attack/parry systems and 64v64 combat WITH ARCHERY AND HORSEBACK COMBAT included that released YEARS ago and are much more authentic and satisying gamewise.Hell even weapons and shield broke if you blocked/parried too much.  Your weapons could even clash mid swing at each other.  Heavy armor made you move slower but gave you better protection... but NO MAGICAL POWERS!!Even simple quality of life mechanics such as -  you actually TOOK the amount of damage you did to your teammates to prevent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ swinging wildly into you and interrupting your fights (that happens constantly in FOR HONOR)Check this example out........https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRzoPGbc36gThe Revenge system (God mode) and feats make it feel as though you are playing a WIZARD character in an RPG... but certainly not a medieval combat game.""But MEATnPOTATO - I cant possibly fight 2 players and win! The revenge system makes me feel like superman and I like that!""The only ones who enjoy revenge are bad players.  YOU SHOULD LOSE MOST 2v1 or more if they are not complete potatos fighting you....  That is good teamwork from them and bad placement in the battlefield by you or your teammates who arent helping......If you don't want to fight 1v4.... Get a team and WORK TOGETHER!!  Again... Mount n blade or War of the Roses you could be facing off against 32 players (Not AI) at one time... You know how to win....Certainly not with magic and the rubbish catchup systems in FOR HONOR.... They make it feel like mario kart where the person coming second would automatically get boosted so they would not feel like a mong by losing to a better player.You should have to use skill. Choose when and WHERE to fight.  Get better at the game.  And you should not be able to SPAM mouse input in a circle and become completely IMMUNE to atttacks.Simply put.  Revenge is cancer.All players do is spin mouse in a circle to block and become invincible (EVEN FROM BEHIND!!!) and CANNOT be hit due to the peer to peer hosting.  The only attack they have to block is the guard break... so they are literally JUST waiting for that and when you guard break... they simply counter it.... until you are out of stamina.  then they begin their onsalught while in REVENGE MODE and 2 shot you.Needs simplification and a complete purge of wizard skills..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30184434,Posted: 25 February,all,I have Shit on my ass,FUKC UBISOFT.
76561198041984211,Not Recommended,304390,30019564,Posted: 18 February,all,Azrael,"Ubisoft is such a bad company when it comes to this, Great game, but with the network problems and grind fest it takes.  It is more frustrating than rewarding. The game is great, combat is well done, each class feels balanced, but I really wouldn't recomend this game until they get dedicated servers, every other match the network will crash and send you back to the main screen.  It would be great if Ubisoft made the effort to set up dedicated servers and had a better matchmaking system, but I know Ubisoft would never do something like that, So I really don't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304390,31401177,Posted: 27 April,all,SCISSOR MY PUSSY MS HOPPS,"Don't buy this game.This game genuinely seemed perfect for my tastes, as I loved Dark Souls, as well as other third person medieval-esque combat-centric games, such as the Witcher series, or even Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, but this game has so many awful problems at it's roots that no one should buy this game. It was released far too early, gear balance took months to be addressed, the servers are non-existant. At the time of writing this review, it's been two months since it's been out, and there is no community left. I was willing to overlook every single one of the 'interesting balance decisions,' the nature of the game being so frustrating at it's core, and the overwhelming amount of connection issues, but if two months into a game's release, it takes 20 minutes to find a 4v4, it's safe to assume that this game isn't worth purchasing. Save your money, buy something else."
76561198104914898,Not Recommended,304390,30909575,Posted: 2 April,all,Thorleik,pure♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30229839,Posted: 27 February,all,Wednesday,"I bought the 100 dollar version of this game, for those dank cosmetics and boosts! Oh, how stupid I was. The game is broken, straight up. A lot of the features that were perfectly fine in the close and open beta, both of which I participated in just...Don't work anymore. They seem to have made tweaks to the classes you can play, some of which (IE, Peacekepper) just ended up not working at all. It's been two weeks, they haven't patched a thing, or tried to balance what players are complaining about. This isn't Rainbow 6: Siege, unfortunatley.I was super hype for this game when I played in the beta, now that it's released, I regret ever spending a cent on it. Just avoid it, in my opinion."
76561198067045073,Not Recommended,304390,30247423,Posted: 28 February,all,Barakof,"ProsThe gameplay is greatMultiplayer is fun when matched against other players of similar skill (does not happen often when you first play)Cons-The story is a joke, it will last you a few hours but you will forget the names of almost everyone you play as and there is no real story its just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at best.-Horrible p2p connectionYou will disconnect while playing this game, i assure you that you will be disconnected or have your host leave causing the game to end.-Also the NAT issues that come with this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you would expect to be able to play a AAA game as soon as you buy it instead of having to google how to get the game to work.Overall dont buy this game untill they fix all the issues, which likely will not happen...sidenote i have roughly 36 hours played, only 20 of those are actualy gameplay the rest are all spent sitting at the multiplayer menu waiting for my NAT type to change.*Moved and changed from comacast to TDS for internet now i have an open NAT type.... i guess ♥♥♥♥ comcast?*editSome changes have been made to the game to fix NAT type though they are still not enough to stop the constant disconnects.+they seem to be attempting to balance classes yet instead they are just buffing certian classes in an attempt to make people feel better.*Edited after a few monthsGame is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it... if only i could still get a refund"
76561198043669124,Not Recommended,304390,30440628,Posted: 10 March,all,Hacsaw,bad
76561198139618658,Not Recommended,304390,31049416,Posted: 9 April,all,Crustle The Rock,Spunk in my eyes and make me whole again
76561198112220428,Not Recommended,304390,31386825,Posted: 26 April,all,Don't Hug Me I'm Schwifty,So where can I get a refund?
76561197961364720,Not Recommended,304390,30402307,Posted: 8 March,all,Cameiio,Spend your money on Devs that care.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgU4swKX27Q
76561198060720803,Not Recommended,304390,30044528,Posted: 19 February,all,Wolf,"The best way i can sum up this game is you're waiting in line to get on a super awesome fun rollar coaster (For Honor), but there is a 10 minute wait to get on the ride (The Matchmaking). You wait the 10 minutes, you are about to get on the ride, but then the ride shuts down. (waiting screen after matchmaking)  You now have to wait for them to startup the line which will take another 5 minutes. They get the ride running again but they send you back to the line to wait another 10 minutes. (You have been disconnected from the session, returning to main menu/inactivity) RepeatDisconnection simulator 2017"
76561198103489179,Not Recommended,304390,34159978,Posted: 10 August,all,Spaycen Jaycen,"ewww just ewwww,ubisoft steals our money again lol"
,Not Recommended,304390,30370715,Posted: 7 March,all,GGFUCKS,Matchmaking like a♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30696984,Posted: 23 March,all,boar.prefab,You ♥♥♥♥ed it up.
76561198061732699,Not Recommended,304390,31487853,Posted: 1 May,all,SirOswaldGrump,Just... Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing matchmaking and server errors. Game is great but you need to also balance the classes out too. Valkyrie can take down half your health because you ♥♥♥♥ up once and has super fast attacks. Also by the way... Read the reviews thoroughly. This game is not fixed and the company has taken so ♥♥♥♥ing long to even sort out the primary issue. It's that we get pitted against a mix of high and low level skilled players that it's absolutely annoying. Some are noobs as♥♥♥♥♥♥as low level bots and some are like... Tier 3 bots in terms of skill. Just knowing everything and making the game just all the more frustrating and boring.
,Not Recommended,304390,30709456,Posted: 24 March,all,🅱roken,"""You're intended to play only 1-2 characters"" What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke"
76561198115403208,Not Recommended,304390,30099307,Posted: 22 February,all,Young,"The Gameplay is A, Story is A, the server is S (SUCK)!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30364551,Posted: 6 March,all,Kaga,Ubisoft Needs to refund everybody money.
76561198039771862,Not Recommended,304390,30712455,Posted: 24 March,all,Filet-O-Fish,dont buy this game... i refunded after before 2 hours has passed connection and crash issue are apprently trending in this game
76561198044644082,Recommended,304390,32241667,Posted: 7 June,all,Fuccboii Inc,"If you get past the connectivity and matchmaking issues (some have it much worse than others, for me this is barely an issue) this is an extremely solid and unique fighting game. There is nothing more satisfying than winning a good fight in this game, and there is nothing worse than getting owned."
,Not Recommended,304390,30105838,Posted: 22 February,all,Lord of Pain Valak,"NAT: StrictError 0004000008Every time I start the game and into the menu, ""Faction wars are unavailable"" always pops up.Tried Opening all the ports = no effectTried Exclusions in AV = no effectTurned off AV and windows firewall = no effectDMV'ed the router = still no effect.Good job Ubisoft, you did it again.All that absurd price for a glorified single player game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30046353,Posted: 19 February,all,Weenie,"I bought this game initially in order to play with my friends, but have played no more than maybe 30min-1hour total.  The game just does not work, at all, for online for me.  I keep getting NAT strict, Errors up the Wazoo, and hanging menus when trying to connect to any game.  The only thing I could play at all was the campaign, which, to be honest, while it was okay, was not the reason I bought the game.  I can't recommend this game at all, period.  It just does not work.UPDATE TO REVIEW:  I am now only able to connect to online if I initally join a friends party, which immediately changes my NAT from Strict to Open.  Otherwise, if no friends are on, then I cannot play online.  Saying it's odd is an understatement, it is extremely frustrating.  My review still stands, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.  The gameplay is wonderful, but at least half my in game time is spent in menus, trying to connect or waiting for a friend to get online."
,Not Recommended,304390,30089698,Posted: 21 February,all,iHideSaKa,"Great game to play, IF only every time someone DIDN'T ******* disconect.Come play on the High density game, it'll be fast they said... it took me 8 minutes to wait in line for 3 more persons to show up.P2P"
,Not Recommended,304390,30736062,Posted: 25 March,all,Cassus-4794,"The game is mediocre fun. I guess I'll do a ""pros and cons"" list like many other reviewers.Pros:-Interesting concept. Who doesn't want a game where you take three of history's most respected warriors, and pit them against one another.-Pretty innovative combat system, I like it quite a bit. Attacking and blocking in certain angles is definitely a feature I'd like to see in other games. It dips a bit into some historical martial arts, but still retains that level of fictitious flair that keeps it flashy and interesting.-The game looks great, while not being ""historically accurate"", the costume design is a mix between Hollywood and reality, which is cool.Cons:-I feel they could have really taken this concept to a higher degree. It is in a fictitious setting, yet the Samurai are still called Samurai, when they really could have come up with a cooler, unique Japanese sounding name. Same with the Vikings. They could have called them Nords, Northmen, etc. But they just slapped that generic label on them.-The story was not interesting at all, and did not immerse me whatsoever. The entire time I felt like the story mode was thrown in just to keep people from complaining about there being a lack of one. They really could have amped the game up by taking that extra step to make a unique lore for the world they created, instead of using such generic names and plots.-A lot of the moves some of the classes have are absolute cheese.TL;DR in theory the game is interesting, but lacks any sort of substance that keeps me coming back to the game. Lack of story, and lack of any depth whatsoever, makes the entire game feel sort of bland, redundant, and meaningless. Apart from aesthetic preference, there is nothing that draws the player towards a certain faction. What are they about, what is their story, their history, why do they do what they do? None of that plays a factor.I tried to refund it, but Steam declined me. I only played for maybe an hour or so, but after the last crash, I didn't turn it back on. I think it was still running in my processes."
76561198038755917,Not Recommended,304390,29976488,Posted: 16 February,all,Meme Master,The combat seems very complex at the start but once you get into the game it biols  down to Guard break spam and ganking. Honestly I would avoid. Dark souls has a more balanced PVP system than this. The characters are quite unbalanced and right now everyone just plays the Lawbringer and the Peacekeeper becuase they are the most OP. Trust me Save your money or Buy Dark souls Prepare to die edition.
76561198121182791,Not Recommended,304390,30112783,Posted: 22 February,all,SilverBuck,"For Honor......... Servers are crap, people have no honor, and a single person leaving kicks the whole lobby.........♥♥♥♥♥♥Shit game for 60 bucks"
,Not Recommended,304390,29917054,Posted: 14 February,all,Flitterquest!,"Season 1; You realize this game has a stale meta and connection problems, then you uninstall it.Season 2; Oh, they added new stuff and tried to fix the connection problems, maybe it's good now!Nope. It's still a bad game. And now they have centurion. Who kills you in one parry. And he costs 15 dollars.You uninstall it.Season 3; They added new stuff and introduced stronger 'chip damage' to try and fix the turtling meta. Too bad you need to attack someone in the first place, which leaves you vulnerable to being parried- so the turtle meta still exists, and the update did nothing. Also centurion still exists.You uninstall it, and place it in the 'bad' catagory in your steam library."
,Not Recommended,304390,30086886,Posted: 21 February,all,snow_likes_pie,"I've been with this game sense alpha and beta and I love this game to death. Wait a minute this is a bad review isn't it? Yeah the fact that there is a strict, moderate, and open connection type is just ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous that it is the one FATAL flaw to this amazing game. If you do get this game and your NAT sign is red your pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck and might as well refund the game. If its yellow its gonna take you a while to find a game and when you do you might disconnect in the middle of a session. If its green good for you but most of the time its not. Anyway I would reccomend this game if it werent for that flaw but now I don't so I guess you can buy it just to see if your NAT type is green and if it is go ahead and keep it. That's all for now unless Ubisoft can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥heads together and actually make a decent game for ONCE."
76561198114326252,Not Recommended,304390,30272030,Posted: 1 March,all,koopa,"Wow, I can't even play the damn thing.  It just closes every time it opens...-edit-  Fixed the problem by updating my amd.  Still don't recommend because it takes forever to get into a match only to have someone quit.  The servers and matchmaking system are a joke."
76561198031635912,Not Recommended,304390,30662400,Posted: 21 March,all,SlapCheese,Have a better chance of winning a real sword fight in real life than completing a match that does drop out.
,Not Recommended,304390,30213307,Posted: 26 February,all,熊,"it was fun at first. Then it became extremely buggy and the matchmaking is literally cancer. i wish i could refund this garbage♥♥♥♥♥game. First of all it is an extreme pay to win game. the matchmaking again is complete trash. i can't even complete the story because the ♥♥♥♥ing level won't load because this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥they and they won't fix anything they literally took are money and said ♥♥♥♥ you guys. and love the people who spend hundreds in game to get a huge advantage over ftp players. i would not recommend this game because of all the sweaty ♥♥♥♥ing pay to win nerds who only use the most ♥♥♥♥♥ skills to win in the game, they make it so unbearable and unfun to play. they just sit there doing the same unblockable unguardable ♥♥♥♥ing moves being virgins that they are. so please don't waste your money on this god forsaken game. use it on something more useful to you. maybe come back in like a year if they have fixed anything in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game but other than that please do not buy it until they fix the game because at the moment it is unplayable with the glitches and horrible matchmaking they have and they honestly don't care about the users they just want your money so they cheaply made a garbage game they don't care about at all. this game requires you to spend irl to get good items in game to boost your character of choice and you have to use the cheasiest most ♥♥♥♥♥ skills to get a kill and the counter guard breaking does not work. so all in all this game is glitchy and you can't complete the story, the matchmaking is trash, it is a huge pay to win game, and the people who pay to win are complete virgin♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who have no skill so they use irl money to get an advantage to win, This game has become completely unjoyable and playable due to all the problems i listed and i am upset i spent my hard earned money on this garbage game. i give this game a  3/10 score"
,Not Recommended,304390,32168862,Posted: 3 June,all,Waylon Jeepers,"Game is not worth supporting until they decide to create more content for the classes they have created, they need to give more than 2 viable attack options on the champions they have, my advice, go buy chivalry, it's what this was meant to be like"
,Not Recommended,304390,30829561,Posted: 30 March,all,Harem King,"This is a pretty cool skill based MOBA that even though character strength or weakness is influenced by gear quality. However as the state it is in for a heavily multiplayer endgame it would not satisfy such indulgence when Peer to Peer based match connection and stability always makes the multiplayer both buggy and prone to errors that completely eject you from the match. If the game does not want you to play it, than you should probably not play the game."
76561198035799572,Not Recommended,304390,34160841,Posted: 10 August,all,Gigsafonaconacons,played it a while back forgot it exsisted untell it showed up as a free weekend all i remeber was the campaign story was  kinda lame didnt bother to finish it. kept lagging out of pvp matches. thats it.
,Not Recommended,304390,29941620,Posted: 15 February,all,comedy bloke,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game itself is amazing, but not as amazing as p2p servers (((((((((((((:"
,Not Recommended,304390,30348478,Posted: 5 March,all,Buzzo,"Edit 7-16-17:Wow. Still a cool, beautiful, amazing game. And yet still horrendously unbalanced.Fast heros win, slow heros lose. Meaning if you dont play the hybrid or agile classes, you lose. They have more i-frames, their attacks hit you through dodges, etc.Ubisoft I don't know how you can't figure this♥♥♥♥♥♥out, it really can't be that hard.A review in 3 questions.Is it fun? Yes, when it works. However, there are blaring issues that prevent that:- P2P connection (everyone ♥♥♥♥♥es about it for a reason, I don't like losing to a kid because they're playing a ♥♥♥♥ing amish farm).- Ubisoft doesn't balance the champions (if you believe they're all balanced youre obviously a peacekeeper player, who is S rank. Google it.)- Connectivity issues and bogus framerate drops for no reason.Do you regret buying it?- No, because I got my money's worth of entertainment. However, at this point I have around 100 hours and I'm not seeing any of the issues that were present at launch being resolved. I'm going back to Overwatch to wait for this♥♥♥♥♥♥to be fixed.Is Ubisoft really as bad as everyone says?- No, I don't think so. I think they need to recognize their player base has dropped severely because of their lack of proactivity in fixing their game's numerous issues. Additionally, their servers go out once in a while, and they offer little to no real compensation, when the game was $60 and a full release, not a beta or something. Not acceptable in 2017 on a AAA title.Verdict:- Wait for a sale- Wait for issues to be fixed- When those both happen, buy it! It's very fun, it just needs some love and care before it reaches its full potential."
76561198073401101,Not Recommended,304390,30232419,Posted: 27 February,all,DurLafford,The game is unplayable. Gets disconnected 8/10 times. P2p turned out to be the worst network strategy for gaming. At least for this game. Don't waste your money on this.
76561197967362954,Not Recommended,304390,30386614,Posted: 7 March,all,Kenimaru,"Game itself is very fun, essentially a 3rd person fighting game w/o shoryuken-type inputs.  HOWEVER, this game disconnects like crazy, DO NOT BUY unless Ubisoft fix this crap net code."
,Not Recommended,304390,30386281,Posted: 7 March,all,zpdog,"I think this gameplay (for the most part) is great. The combat is very entertaining and takes time to get good at. The story is terrible but you buy this game for multiplayer. THE BIGGEST issue with this game is its popular dominion mode. DON'T even think about joining before reputation 3, I play primarily 2v2 or 1v1 and its great, however when i was invited to a dominion game my character armor rank was 18 (lower than normal but i dont buy packs since i havent achived new rep with the character yet) and i was vs players whos armor rating was around 110. Those players take only around 4 hits to get their revenge. (revenge in this game is like turning into god mode) & I wasnt able to get revenge at all with my armor rank.. IT ABSOLUTLY RUINS the game mode. Fighting a warlord; he Revenge-headbutts me (fastest move in game practically undodgable) i fall to the ground he heavy attacks me, it does half my health by the time i stand back up another headbutt and its over. Completely ruined game mode. Advice to new players- never play any gamemode that uses armor rating."
76561198006477043,Recommended,304390,34248325,Posted: 14 August,all,danny.slag,"I completely understand the negative reviews. From what i saw at launch it was a disaster. Usual ubisoft, Matchmaking issues and no dedicated servers from trying to skimp on those things. But here's the deal, they had the same problem with rainbox six, which they ended up listening to feedback on, fixing, and that game is awesome now.They're doing the same with this. I finally pulled the trigger after free weekend to buy it.The matchmaking still isn't great, but the roadmap for the patches and dedicated servers for next season should fix that. They're changing the microtransactions and adjusting the game based on feedback. They obviously learned from Rainbow Six, and with how good that game is now it makes sense.Plus, do you really want modern warfare 78, grand theft auto 27, open world: the open worlding 16? This game is so original, fun, and deep gameplay wise.The negative reviews were/are true to an extent, but you know once in a while a developer does actually do something decent, and i'd hate to not reward that when it happens. Glad I bought it, having a ton of fun."
,Not Recommended,304390,31813786,Posted: 17 May,all,Starkiller246,Not Good
,Not Recommended,304390,30086756,Posted: 21 February,all,Horatio,"Chivalry but with:A super ♥♥♥♥ing toxic communitySeverly unbalanced classesNon consensual Cliff DivingSpamming of moves and emotesA sweet sweet sixty dollar price tagAll things considered, it's fun if you can't read chat"
,Recommended,304390,34202145,Posted: 12 August,all,Pierox,"This game is very fun.Matchmaking is a ""little"" broken, but you can play in a consistent way. Just look out your email or text, watch a short video etc... while you're waiting. Sometimes you can experience disconnection, but, for me, that happened very rarely. Maybe i'm lucky, i don't know. Matchmaking and connection issues (due to peer2peer system) are the the worst aspect of the game. Ubisoft promised dedicated servers, that would better the performances.I've played Mount & Blade and Chivalry, and this is a very different games. This game is more focused about  ""fighting"" in an arcadish style (which is well done, it is simple but deep enough), meanwhile M&B and Chivalry are more battle focused (positioning, formation and so on). It's not very realistic, but sort of ""fantasy"" and, which is most important, fun. It looks like a medieval ""Mortal Kombat"", mixed up with classic deathmatch fps gameplay (but melee and on third person, of course)! Very physical and intense!Factions have charisma: VIkings, Knights and Samurais, oldie but goldie! There's a good selection of heroes (12  + 2 new ones, and new ones are coming), everyone lookslike and play different, they're not just copies of each other. Of course, there are some kind of  ""archetypical"" classes: the agile one, the fat one, the versatile one, the turtle one, the sneaky one and the guy with the longest spear [ :) ]  but every hero is a good variation on its theme. Customization is very good, from emblems to armors, weapons and clothes. You have to unlock parts playing and gaining in-game gold (you can buy it in the store, by the way), experience, prestige and things like that. You also get gear, every piece of which give you advantage and disadvanteges, so you can customize your hero for your gameplay style.There's a sort of daily quest system and ""contracts"", which i personally tend to hate because of time consuming factor, but they're not very intrusive, you can ignore them and usually requires just 1 h of playtime. They add a bit of flavour, if you like this kind of system. It is present also a sort of ""gran strategy"" map in which you put your ""war resources"" before a fighting, as you are supposed to be a general of your faction (which, by the way, doesn't limit the heroes you can choose), but that's a very obscure part for me and it doesn't matter so much, so who cares :)There are 5 modalities, three in 4 vs 4, one in 2 vs 2 and one is 1 vs 1 (duels). One of this modality (domi]nion) is a sort of MOBA, in which you kill very weak minions and advance to control certain areas, while fighing other heroes too. Very cool mechanic, in my opinion. There's some minions also in a 2 vs 2 mode (skirmish), in which you take point from killing them or other heroes. That's an original way to deal with classic deathmatch.Graphic is awesome! I had to put it at minimum (I play on laptop), since it will kick you from the game if your FPS drop under 30, but it is still quite good: animations looks good (this is a thing that every other medieval combat game failed in the past), effects are cool, everything is very polished. If your system is enough good to get maximum graphic, that's a gorgeus experience (look the videos!), but graphics is good enough on med/low settings too. Take care of system requirements, by the way.This is skill based and need learning, but there's a lot of variety and cool concepts. Fresh air in this kind of games, since M&B and Chivalry became old and Mordhau and Bannerlord are far away.Looks pretty balanced, but it is not perfect. Skill is more important than exploit or glitches, apparently, so that's good. You can power up your gears with in game gold, which you can also buy with microtransaction, so there's a p2w component, but nothing you can't get just playing and nothing that looks like too much unbalanced. (Duels and 2 vs 2 are not affected by gears, also, so they're based on pure skill)If Ubisoft will fix servers and matchmaking system, this game is going to become a milestone in its genre indeed.Oh, and there's a single player campaign, but i didn't play that yet. Most of the game is multiplayer, but that's a nice addendum. It is not  a ""tutorialish"" campaign, it looks like a story mode  with some difficulty inside (Mortal Kombat style, sort of, with episodes and fights, with cutscenes and stuffs). Plot is pretty standard, as far as I know, don't expect the new LOTR, but it is fresh in its way.I recommend it, expecially if you like medieval combat games (probably a must have!). Try to get your friends into it, it is most fun played together and should give you less matchmaking problems!"
76561198034310905,Not Recommended,304390,30018656,Posted: 18 February,all,RollPlayingGamer,"pros and cons + tl;dr below text wallsEDIT- In my review i claimed that instead of lag, The game would pause and resync everyone, Then resume once everyone was resynced. However i just experienced lag in this game for the first time. And normally in a shooter or other multiplayer game lag isn't that big of a deal. But in for honor where every action you make matters. Having half of your health instantly ticked off and the enemy in an attack animation you couldn't see coming isn't fun. So when for honors own system fails to even initiate a pause to resync the players and gives you a lagfest of a game it's unacceptable. When ubisofts special peer to peer system that prevents a host advantage and keeps players synced up can't even do that 100% of the time? That's insane for a 60$ game with a 40$ cosmetic season pass. /rant overI love this game so much, It's some of the most fun i've had in a multiplayer game in a long time. Why the negative review? Simple. The ♥♥♥♥ing connectivity. In a game about precise button inputs and fast paced but tactical exchanges where one mistake can cost you your life. The game's online peer to peer system just can't handle it.And this is coming from someone with an open nat and literally the best internet you can get in my area. (google fiber) And i've read peer to peer games work best on a fiber optic connection. And i'm having troubles with this game.Now, It's important to note. That a lot of people think for honor is using the COD style peer to peer. And they come and bandwagon on the forums about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is without having played the game. For honor uses a everyone is the host sorta deal where all computers are connected and sharing data with each other. So hosts don't have a 0 ping advantage and there's no lag. Which is pretty impressive actually. Now, Whenever there would be lag in its place the entire game freezes for everyone in the session as they try to resync everyone up. Which if someone with a closed nat or a bad internet joins your game, It will probably kick everyone out of the game. This has happened to me a couple of times but not enough to discourage me from playing. However overall the connectivity issues could just be fixed if they went to dedicated servers. This is a fully priced 60$ with microtransactions and they couldn't be bothered to implement dedicated servers for at least the PVP modes? Like, You can't defend that when they literally did the same thing for rainbow six siege because of how much P2P was holding the game back. They made that mistake for siege, Why the hell are the repeating history and making that mistake again?Pros and Cons+Amazing combat mechanics+Heros have different playstyles and combos to learn+All heros are free, Only recruit them if you want to customize them+Faction war that gives cosmetics to the winning side+Season pass is for cosmetic items and character customization a week earlier then everyone else, So all new maps and heros are free!+They managed to make a system to where you can buy gear (with gameplay changes) not be pay to win, You see. The quality of gear you get is based on your heros level. You can't buy levels. So a noob with mom / dads credit card can't spend hundreds of dollars and get a huge advantage. Any player just grinding with a higher level hero will have waaaay better gear. If gear even gave that huge of an advantage in the first place. The system is in place for those of you who can't / don't want to grind orders for steel, And have a high level character. (also gear stats are disabled in some of the game modes.)+/- Six to Eight hour story mode. Lots of controversy on the story mode. Personally i love single player content so i'm enjoying it. Voice acting is ok and the story is decent, Only real problem is those ""crazy high action"" cutscenes.-Uplay-EasyAntiCheat isn't doing its job. (devs are commited to fighting cheaters though. So yay!)-Peer to peer being absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥-If your NAT type is closed / restricted and you can't change it don't bother.-Always online story mode (the defense of this is often that you earn mutliplayer rewards during the single player, But riddle me this. The ubisoft servers are always crashing and giving the ""you'll get your loot after our servers fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Why couldn't they just hold the multiplayer rewards until you went online? I'm sure there's a development reason behind it, But it still bothers me.)tl;dr Awesome game held back be terribad peer to peer connections when ubisoft should've learned from six siege that you can't do multiplayer focused games with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connectivity, Wait until they add dedicated servers or a sale. if this game had dedicated servers from launch i'd easily recommend it at full price."
76561198321634602,Not Recommended,304390,30078816,Posted: 21 February,all,BDBarabba,Just another bad ubisoft game
76561198192715242,Not Recommended,304390,30486141,Posted: 12 March,all,CandyMan,Pros - Great solo play in the story modeCons -♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmakingPay 2 WinYou cant learn anything in public matches whatsoeverNO HONOR in the game♥♥♥♥♥♥lag and♥♥♥♥♥♥connection
76561198084545384,Not Recommended,304390,30312637,Posted: 4 March,all,nikelomenos13,worst servers ever omg Ubisoft do something or close your company ...maybe until you fix your issues it will be good nobody buy it...
76561198070876161,Not Recommended,304390,30325537,Posted: 4 March,all,jmasterpulido,It is bad because they have african servers ptp conection. so many glitches and so not worth 60 dollars. more like 20.
76561198035595788,Not Recommended,304390,30071936,Posted: 20 February,all,fisting me dad daily,Multiplayer error won't allow online for some players. No bug fix released a week after launch
76561198012648085,Not Recommended,304390,30079877,Posted: 21 February,all,Privilege Demon,"Until they fix their buggy multiplayer connections and add dedicated servers, the admittedly engrossing gameplay is not worth dealing with constant dropped connections, lag, and soft-locked screens after doing things as simple as leaving a party.Fix your game, Ubisoft."
76561198001630806,Not Recommended,304390,30095545,Posted: 22 February,all,O22M0515,"The Game is Really fun and the graphics are amizingly good. im not sure how it runs on low to mid range PCs.The combat style or mechanic if you wish, although a challge to learn at first once learned you really do feel a sence of achivement. The kills are extremely satifying and the movesets are not complecated at all. I belive there is some balancing here and there to be done with the difernt Charatcer or class types. All of this sounds like a great game. in concept. The Multiplayer features while confusing at best, are poorly executed with little pay off. for example, the game uses Peer to Peer connection types which i will admit i know nothing about but either way it take more than 10 minutes in some occasions to find a game and thats if youre lucky. Most of the time you will be sitting there for lengthy periods of time trying to connect to a game that then tells you via pop up that either the game is full or the game is no longer able to connect. This is counter productive and pointless. If however you amnage to find a game that actually works. you will be met with a player base that WILL zerg the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you giving you no chance what so ever. Now in a game where firstly the name is called ""For honor"" (a word that most people dont understand)  and secondly its not even a month old yet would perhapps trigger some sort of common sence realted response but it doesnt. 1v1 is where this game really shines. anything other than that is an orgy-like cluster♥♥♥♥ of steel and leather...at best. If youre into fighting games and want something a little difernt from the norm i WOULD highly suggest you buy this game. however if youre the kind of gamer that just wants to kill stuff i suggest you buy something else and dont waste the time and money of other people playing this. you are not wanted in the first place."
,Not Recommended,304390,30350853,Posted: 5 March,all,Shawraraka,"tl;drThis game was BAD. Really BAD. Pretty sure ubisoft and EA are secretly run by the same person and they just want to troll us.First impressions were amazing. I jumped straight into the story mode day 1 to try to figure out the controls and so I could enjoy the amazing graphics and detail put into this game. Afterwards I tried multiplayer and thats when this game started to make me wish I could refund.Story/CampaignThe actual story mode is phenomenal. Paired with its graphics and aesthetics I'm amazed at the level of detail they put into this game. I spent more time admiring the landscapes then I did fighting. The dialogue is a bit rough but its not bad enough to bring down the story mode. The actual story that you experience is quite well made and it was hard to get myself to leave for work/bed. I would reccomend bumping up the difficulty for those needing a challenge as the easy/normal modes are WAY to easy in my opinion. Even the characters all have amazing character development and I feel for every single one even after playing only 1 or 2 missions as each. Overall the story itself is quite great and definitely gets a thumbs up!OnlineThis is my first problem with the game. The biggest hype leading into this game was the multiplayer. My first 3 matches that I attempted we're met with aServer is already fullwhich confused me since I wasn't trying to join a specific server I just queued for a random 4v4 match. When I finally was able to enter a match after spending 15 minutes dealing I was greeted with a huge slap to the face. I had joined into a match with me and 3 ai vs 4 players. The game was mostly the 4 people attacking me and the ai one at a time and fighting 4 people at once with no help proved quite difficult. Balance in the game seemed pretty bad if it thought me and 3 ai would fare well against a group of 4 (especially since I was level 1 and the entire enemy team was level 20+). I then tried 1v1 matches thinking this would be more fair (HAHAHAHA). First match I'm up against a lvl 18 (still lvl 1) and I did pretty well at first. I won the first round without recieving a single blow from the enemy. Next round however i would attack him and 2 second later all the damage I dealt dissapeared and he was suddenly behind me and half of my health was gone. That round and the next ended badly for me. At this point I was checking my ping and trying to figure out if I was just having a bad internet connection. I found no problems so i googled ""For Honor server lag"" and I then laughed and felt like an idiot. Remember when I mentioned the word ""Server?"" Well that's something that just doesnt exist. Each match is hosted by one of the players instead of having dedicated servers and when the host gets bad ping he is able to run around practically invincible and proceed to murder everyone (this is one of the laziest things a dev can do). Even the global competition is a joke. No matter how many hours you put in it almost seems like whichever group has the largest population wins (for those of you wondering VIKINGS are that faction).ConclusionI wish I never got it. I should have learned my lesson about pre-ordering after the release ofNo Mans Sky. While the story is great every other aspect is just horrid and make me feel like good AAA games don't exist anymore. To all of those thinking of purchasing the game the only advice I can give is wait until the price has dropped off the face of the earth as It's not worth anything more than $15 (USD).Story8/10Graphics10/10/td][/tr]Multiplayer2/10Balance0/10Everything else0/10[/table]"
,Not Recommended,304390,30359494,Posted: 6 March,all,Gummy,This is a great game and has much potential but the only thing that ruins the game are the servers and i wont will leave a dislike until that gets fixed.
,Not Recommended,304390,32223239,Posted: 6 June,all,RoyalOiK,"I really enjoyed this game during Season 1 when it was ""playable"". Now it is a buggy piece of trash, messed up beyond repair where everyone plays the same two OP characters. Thanks to the horrible developers, this game makes the unpatched version of Battlefield 4 look flawless.For honor is yet another great game, ruined by ubisoft.."
,Not Recommended,304390,30678020,Posted: 22 March,all,TheSidescroller,This game's gameplay is goddamn phenomenal but of course the experience gets soured by Ubisoft being Ubisoft.-Awful netcode-Terrible balancing-Unresponsive developers-Overpriced $40 season pass-Stupid microtransactions-Annoying dripfeed of in-game currency that makes it take forever to buy in-game items and emotesAnd their justification for how slow the unlock system is being that they intend for people to only play 1 or 2 characters is idiotic considering the $40 season pass that's supposed to add 6 new characters in the future on top of the 12 characters already in the game. Do they expect that people want to just ignore much of the content that they paid $60 for and not try other characters?
76561198026156506,Not Recommended,304390,30487577,Posted: 13 March,all,bazzaray,game is almost unplayable.  Dont buy it if I was you spend money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,304390,30308662,Posted: 3 March,all,Demonai_Warrior,"The controls barely work, the characters are unbalanced, and the gear makes you OP once you reach purple quality.Fix the game.3/10 Deus Vults"
76561198055642523,Not Recommended,304390,31979244,Posted: 26 May,all,ZULUL,"If you, like me, considered going  back to this game because new DLC and characters. Just don't bother wasting your time.On my first game back, considering I've not played since launch and was rusty af, the game nicely decided to pit my level 12 (highest level) conq vs a 3 prestieged Ninja guy (don't care to remember the new character's names). Needless to say, getting parried every single ♥♥♥♥ing blow (even lights) every guard break countered perfectly (Don't remember the guard break counter times now since it's been changed here and there), and not knowing the new guy's moves at all, it was ♥♥♥♥ing the most unfun thing I've ever done.If you expect that matchmaking will go easy on returning players because you'll rightfully be rusty at the game, think again. If you expect that they've even addressed the levels it pits you up against, think again.Oh, and if you expect the community might have matured enough to not constantly BM, also think again."
,Not Recommended,304390,34187072,Posted: 12 August,all,Blockatiel,"Great, first time I bought it, it had no English, despite the store page saying it would have. Refunded. Second time it specified it would have English, but it didn't. Refunded again. After that, Ubisoft amended the store page to say that they're not making English available in the region that I live in. In fact, they've gone out of their way with region locked activation to make it impossible to get it in English for me. 10/10 for anticompetitive behaviour."
76561198067937530,Not Recommended,304390,34197217,Posted: 12 August,all,General Adebowale Babangida,Dont buy itSeveral crippling problems with this full price title with microtransactionswidepread connection issueshorrendous class balancenon-existant matchmaking systemdead gamemodestiny toxic/deluded playerbaseswerve this garbage and save your cash
76561198026370482,Recommended,304390,34211790,Posted: 13 August,all,Imjustatourist,"I just bought the game after having it on my wishlist since launch,and played it for a few hours yesterday on free weekend.I can recommend it to anyone JUST wanting to play epic duels, 1vs1.THAT works flawlessly.The other Gamemodes, requiring to have 8 people in the lobby, not so much.But these are sh1itty gamemodes anyways imho.No Honor, just frantic killmongering.The game really shines in the Duels, where you can take your time to slowly walk towards your opponent,exchange dank memes, and then fight, until you or your opponent can FINISH HER with an awesome execution.Equipment Level and p2w content also doesn't matter in duels, because its deactivated.It's just skill, and by skil I mean using your brain.Definetely recommended for everyone who enjoys a good 1on1 fight!"
,Not Recommended,304390,34195854,Posted: 12 August,all,AG xPolskax,Ubisoft yet again lets a great game die.
,Not Recommended,304390,34744113,Posted: 4 September,all,Glitch in The System,"Ubisoft does not care about you; so why should they care about their games?.This game is unbalanced, servers don't work. They haven't fixed this game since and it's been 9 month's since release and the servers still don't work. It's been 3 month's since overpowered characters have been released and they haven't been changed.Giving Ubisoft your money tells them that we don't care about their♥♥♥♥♥♥games. It's time to stop letting this happen."
76561198055473724,Recommended,304390,30220340,Posted: 27 February,all,Tankslayer_TFX,Satisfies my need for medieval combat :D
76561198081068184,Not Recommended,304390,30017100,Posted: 18 February,all,Asdi,"First of all, i really, really like the gameplay. In fact, it is would probably be one of my favourite games right now if it didnt have its problems.But the game is so ♥♥♥♥ing unstable and broken i cant even finish a game without it kicking me to the main menu, not to mention i've probably spent more time recovering the internet connection than ♥♥♥♥ing playing the game.JUST HAVE DEDICATED SERVERS YOU DUMB ♥♥♥♥S. THE ♥♥♥♥ING BETA WAS MORE STABLE THAN THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: I TAKE BACK WHAT I SAID ABOUT THE COMBAT IT'S JUST A BUNCH OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SPAMMING GUARD BREAK AND THROWING YOU OFF BRIDGES."
76561198039261122,Not Recommended,304390,29965178,Posted: 16 February,all,Zeddler,"Players quitting when losing is not a problem, but there is the  P2P fact, making the game ♥♥♥♥ing crash and return to main menu. Game is good, but hollow and shallhow.I'm not a stupid kid so i'm not mad about the transactions in game, is their game and they do whatever they want."
76561198066579118,Not Recommended,304390,29962412,Posted: 16 February,all,KIRBY,Perfect game!WORST CONNECTION EVER!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,30100997,Posted: 22 February,all,Dr.Stomper,FIX UR DAMN SERVER'S ERRORS FFS
76561198044897278,Not Recommended,304390,29962617,Posted: 16 February,all,Ez Win bRo,good gameplaybut the fact of having ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers p2pand anyone with good money can litterally buy everything in the game and 2 shots anyone which is stupidits a pay to win gameDO NOT BUYjust watch ppl playing it on twich
76561198045108285,Not Recommended,304390,30076022,Posted: 21 February,all,Living for Lamias,"This game is a bit of a hard one for me to give a review to. i want to say mixed but not possible so its a negative from me.First off i want to say i love this game. its a damn good time getting pushed off cliffs, stabbed, burned and otherwise filled with arrows. if you enjoy the sound of that i say at least try it. (hopefully you can refund it if it isnt what you expected idk uplays ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t).Now why i give it a thumbs down. p2p connectivity. no surprise here in a game about timing and whatnot why would you cheap out on servers? uplay in general. who would of thought i would want an easy way to join friends without restarting the game over and over? season pass. 40 dollars on a 60 dollar game? yeah eat my shortsin short its a wonderful fresh game once again held back by ubisoft and uplay :^)EDIT: after taking a break i decided to dive back in. i gotta say a new problem reared its ugly head... gear stats. when 2 light attacks are killing my heavy character that makes the sword fighting not funEDIT 2: Played the new patch. Still peer to peer? really? that blows. new characters are cool in concept but a pain to fight. w/e though i probably just need to ""git gud"""
,Not Recommended,304390,29972721,Posted: 16 February,all,⎛⎝Serrassi Effect⎠⎞,"so much potential, sadly a broken unbalanced mess of a game with devs who are more worried about in game ornaments and emotes rather than fixing the game.Played it, love it. played it more, noticed the flaws. played it more, game is now 90% meta top tier broken characters. Not loving it so much."
,Not Recommended,304390,31014277,Posted: 8 April,all,Taktisches Hustenbonbon,Wow Ubisoft... Great job with the latest patch. I am done with that game for now. Perhaps i will pick up this game later if you get the balancing right and take a look in the broken cheap♥♥♥♥♥chain-spam-characters that cannot be dodged or blocked.
76561198083948183,Not Recommended,304390,29926640,Posted: 14 February,all,Jem,"Utterly appalled by Ubisoft's monstrous take on Wii Sports Resort swordplay. This game is ENTIRELY hinged on 1v1 fights; therefore, any mode outside of duel is essentially doomed to be misery-ridden, with it being near-impossible to have an uninterrupted 1 on 1 in the flavourless game modes of dominion and the other one (I forget its name as this now uninstalled game is but a grey memory of dull and honourless time-wastage).Let us not speak further of the stability of the 'Peer to Peer' servers that the game's multiplayer aspect so fruitlessly relies upon - for their atrociously fragile and flawed nature has been much discussed by other bitter players surrounding this review. I have requested a refund but, of course, mere pounds will never re-imburse me for the wasted hours and vanquished hopes that this ridiculous game is so responsible for."
,Not Recommended,304390,29932454,Posted: 14 February,all,csteezy,"in its current state honestly the game is pretty frustratingly aids. deflecting guard breaks is extremely unreliable. guard break is grossly easy to spam and has an extremely small window to be countered. of all the game comparisons made i would equate the combat most to fighting games (mortal combat, street fighter), not dark souls etc as some people are saying. every character has a set of moves, combos, chains, and specials. unfortunately not all classes are balanced, and while some may seem more fun to play they are just extremely inneficient and a waste of time to play. save yourself some frustration and just play as the characters with the best movesets.ledge play is aidsguard break is aidsgame can absolutely still be fun at times"
76561198311425623,Not Recommended,304390,29934879,Posted: 14 February,all,⍟ChillingInTokyo⍟,Great game but its being ruined by kids that ledge camp  and double team you.
76561198096126937,Not Recommended,304390,29935589,Posted: 14 February,all,HooDNiNja,"I don't know how many hamsters they have for powering these servers, but I do know its not enough. I really want to recommend this game but until or if the online isnt fixed ♥♥♥♥ this game and its p2w bs"
,Not Recommended,304390,29925492,Posted: 14 February,all,Incognito,"A connection error has occurred. Returning to main menu. (0006000037)Thank you! Most of my playtime was spent in main menu. Also, want to mention: this game should be called '' No Honor ''.. When you'll play multiplayer, you'll understand."
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,304390,29929197,Posted: 14 February,all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Dev1: ""Guys, we have a fundamental flaw in our combat system! People get swarmed ALL the time and stand no chance!""Dev2: ""Well, let's introduce the OP Mode. Aehm... the Revenge Mode! Where the player has superpowers and stuff.""Dev1: ""Yea, but that's like... acknowledging that we screwed up the combat system in the first place?""Dev2 ""Man, they are NEVER going to figure this out!""Meanwhile, in another room:Dev1: ""So how are we going to monetize this game?""Dev2: ""Well, first off, we charge money like a Triple A Title, even tough we lack content.""Dev1: ""Okay, but people won't like that!""Dev2: ""Don't interrupt me! We add a season Pass, for extra money. AND an ingame store! Plus the money we save by not having to rent some Servers in the Cloud, we just make P2P Matchmaking""Dev1: ""Genius!""##############################Honest Review: This game is the best and the worst.The 1v1 is EPIC, GOOD  and FAIR. You never feel cheated, you go up agianst one enemy and honorably fight 'til the end.Unfortunately, the 1v1 gives you absolutely no points, and you will not level up this century. But it's fun to play.The 4v4 however, called BRAWL is the absolute worst. If you get 2v1 less than three times in a match, you are LUCKY.  3v1 is happening at least once a match, every match.You do not stand a chance against more than one player, even with OP mode, not consistently.This is the most rage-inducing multiplayer I played in years. Let me tell you, you have better Chances as a Pilot in Titanfall 2 taking down a TITAN than winning a 3v1 in this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29936783,Posted: 14 February,all,Brigand Boy,"The game is gorgeous. There is a single player campaign, so there is a story to the game. It sounds nice. It looks nice.But I won't be seeing much of it if I get my refund.The ""guard mode"" mechanic is terrible, especially on a keyboard and mouse. Everytime you move your mouse, you change guard positions. If you have a laser mouse, this is going to do nothing but frustrate you. You can bind other keys to ""change guard,"" but you CANNOT turn off changing guard via mouse movement.Meaning, if you want to be exact in your fights in guard mode, you need to move everything bound to a mouse button to a keyboard button, and never touch the damned mouse.You can of course use a gamepad. However, even with the gamepad, the direction of the guard isn't very accurate, and it will switch often enough to STILL frustrate you. This won't be much of a problem if you don't get past the first part of the story, or if you never run in to someone attacking from your left in multiplayer (fat chance), but it will be a problem otherwise. If you can get over the goofy mechanic and deal, you might love this game.For anyone who would rather not spend $60 to be frustrated, I don't recommend this game at all."
,Not Recommended,304390,29932582,Posted: 14 February,all,Horned Lizard,For what I played it feels clunky and unpolished.I'm just going to wait until it's cheaper.
76561198125739808,Not Recommended,304390,29931033,Posted: 14 February,all,Demonickonga,peer to peer suck♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,34678675,Posted: 2 September,all,"""CLYDE"" ^-_-^ CHICAGO, IL USA","""CRITICAL ERROR"" THE CONNECTION WITH UBISOFT SERVERS HAVE BEEN LOST. RETURNING TO THE TITLE SCREEN 7-00000004. IF SOMEONE HAS A FIX PLEASE LET ME KNOW. UBISOFT CANT FIXX THEIR OWN♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198021096798,Recommended,304390,34345501,Posted: 19 August,all,c_swisher,"Fun, challenging combat, steep learning curveTasteful and varied hero customizationHighly detailed models and environmentsStory+Multiplayer+BotsGot it during 50% off sale, used the savings for season pass"
76561198123478463,Not Recommended,304390,31771832,Posted: 15 May,all,Дедушка Толик,Came back to this game after few months.....still getting valkyrie spam in duelsWell guess the game is still the same...We need balance ubisoft BALANCE not new ornaments
,Recommended,304390,32247709,Posted: 7 June,all,Happy,"This is my first review but I plan to do more very quick and easy ones with this format. Key is below.Rating:6.5/10Hours:140Future Hours:FewSpent:$100Dollars per Hour:$0.72Quick Review:It's got it's problems, and the price tag is high considering (not to mention it's a AAA title, which should not have launched with so many issues). That being said, I got a lot of time out of this game, and by-in-large enjoyed it.Recommendation:If you want something fresh, and are content buying a game to last a limited amount of time, buy For Honor. With the promised future updates, it may even lure you back down the road, and overall was a fun experience.Highly recommended that you play with friends.-----------------KeyReview Style:- Based on a simple concept: You are buying a game to get enjoyment out of it, so look at how much money you spent for the time that game gave you enjoyment, and decide if you feel it was worth it based on that along with you overall enjoyment with the game.Future Hours:[Unlikely] - I'm probably done with it. This doesn't strictly mean it was bad[Few] - Will play it again, but not for much longer[Fair] - Will keep playing it, probably for a good amount longer[Many] - I'm far from ready to set this game down[/u][/b]Rating:[/u][/b]This is my overall rating for the game, based on everything discussed. If you want a simple score, this is it. Based on Dollars per Hour and overall feeling of the game. Only 10 is Mass Effect 1 and 2 so far, so we are with the ""only one 10"" rule for now."
,Not Recommended,304390,29978984,Posted: 16 February,all,Brock,"I hade a blast playing this the first time. The pvp was really intense being able to block hits and dodge.It all played so well at first, Untill i started learing the game. Learing about parrys and counter attacks. i learned how to parry and after that my excperince with the game went down hill. If you parryed someone you basically got a free hit and some characters could get huge damage off that hit. The only counter play to not getting parryed was to not attack at all or try to feint and bait it. Wich would most likley get you smacked in the face.Revenge is is another mechanic in the game that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off especially in 1v1. you get punished for beeting the snot out of some one. in 1v2 i could see how this is a kinda of cool idea beacause the 2v1 fighting in this game is really♥♥♥♥♥♥only being able to lock on to one person at a time. probally due to this game being on consoles.I feel like this game has potential and i would like to see stuff like this fixed but untill then its kinda hard to play.Oh yea also Ubisoft so yea pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045328046,Not Recommended,304390,30172347,Posted: 25 February,all,RufusRage,"I´ll try to give you all a short, honest and easy review.+ The idea of the game is just amazing. This game could be so amazingly good.-The connection is wortles.. Example. You kill a guy, and someone leaves the game. What happens then, is that the game rewinds a few seconds, and the guy you killed is in front of you all alive again, and will kill you. This is just worthless. Theit p2p connection ruins the game so much.-Mechanics and bugs. This game is 100% bugs. You can´t go into any 1v1 fight, or 2v1, or anything, without feeling about 10 different bugs. Example: You attack a guy, and he blocks. He will hit you before you can hit him. Then when he attacks you and block, he can hit you faster than you can hit him. The mechanics in this game makes it so it´s 50% luck if you hit or not, and 50% skill.-Blocking, guard breaking, attack speed is so incredibly buggy it´s unplayable from time to time. Sometimes guard breaks don´t work. Sometimes when you guard break you hit them, but they don´t get stunned. Sometimes you can stand 1 cm away from them, and the guard break miss. And sometimes you can stand at the other side of the map, and a guard break hits you trough 3 cordners (Think of it as the old Roadhog hook from overwatch).This game is ruined, it will never be a good game since ubisoft have messed up almost every aspect of theit battle system.Ubisoft had an amazing idea, but the mechanics ruin the game. It´s almost unplayable from time to time.I even experience this amazing bug a few times....... Peacekeeper can 1hit you trough both defence buff and full hp... For no reason at all, sometimes the peacekeepr stabs you one single time with his bleed, and you just fall down and die 1 sec later for no reason.- Another big minus on this list is the ability to customize. You have ALOT of ways to customize your heros... The problem is, he always looks the same.. You can swap patterns, colors and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you can even buy great costumizations for alot of iron.... Your hero still looks exactly the same, but maybe with a bronze bird on his helmet and another shade of blue pattern on his little pocket that no one will ever even see. And yes, these costumizations cost ALOT... To buy an average outfit (that still looks the same) you will have to complete about 60 days worth of daily quests..... They are littealy telling you ""if you don´t buy stuff for real money, you will never even get close to obtaining our worthless looking costumes..""..Ubisoft, you had a million dollar idea, but your crew turned it into♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I´ve played alot of hours now, trying to figure our everything and hoping that it´s all a mistake.. But no, this game is so messed up, they will never be able to fix it.Sorry ubisoft, you messed up.. AGAIN... just drop your company, I´m really amazed how you can mess up every single game you put out..... WTF is that?"
76561198140285272,Not Recommended,304390,29969517,Posted: 16 February,all,Lekker lang shlang,"""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu""""A connection error occured returning to title menu"""
76561197998472193,Not Recommended,304390,29972236,Posted: 16 February,all,Kim Jong Dos,Broken atm
,Not Recommended,304390,29933140,Posted: 14 February,all,Froman,The gameplay of For Honor is good and mostly solid but i cannot recommend this game because of the terrible peer to peer multiplayer. I dont think I have been able to play a single match since it released. 10/10 would have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer again.
76561197982143789,Not Recommended,304390,29969029,Posted: 16 February,all,Andrea Nahles,"Well, well... what can I say. I played 2 betas, both having thesame connectivity issues. But, dumb me, I decided to buy the game anyway. The graphics are great, the gameplay is perfectly fine butgood luck finding a match. The Singleplayer is mostly OK, some bugs (like suizidal troops and whatnot) but the multiplayer is just astonishing. Thinking that the mulitplayer part is the key feature here,one would expect that to run smoothly, atleast in most parts.But not with Ubisoft.""Match has been found"" -> loading for some good half a minute -> ""Error ascuxhpafczawofgv - please try again"", well said and done. Queing up, finding a match -> ""Error scauicgazc8gwqaofc - please try again"". Well, it might be just this mode -WRONG- good luck finding a mode that actually works for the time being. I would love to recommend this game, because I think it has great potential. But Ubisoft is just bad at making online games. Not the game part, but the matchmaking and client to client/client to server part. The best thing is, if you're having a duel and on your screen, you clearly block the attack, but on the attackers screen he hits you in the face, so you start tumbling and lose hp and even become vulnerable, even though you've done your best to block or parry the attack.But before this turns into a random rant, I just want to point this out:Please Ubisoft, fix your servers and don't mess this up. I'dlove to lovethis game, I really do. I enjoyed the betas, I enjoy the gameplay but the server/connection problems ruin everything for me. Constant server downtimes add to the random disconnects that you get preferably at theend of a match, making it an overall frustrating experience when you keep in mind that this is afull price AAA title."
76561198042618190,Not Recommended,304390,31441717,Posted: 29 April,all,Christian Rose,FIX MATCHMAKING. AT LEAST.
,Not Recommended,304390,30229246,Posted: 27 February,all,⚡✪Unforgiven389✯⚡,"I cannot understand how this could be called a TRIPLE A title, the game mechanics are completely ♥♥♥♥ed over, and all people do is either spam unblockables, or guard breaks.If that does not work they will constantly gang up on you.The worst thing I can see is how guardbreaking does not stop someone from attacking you, even way before they swing!To be honest, Medieval Warfare did a WAY better job in making a fun game and with mechanics that made sense!Worst spending of money in years!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29941306,Posted: 15 February,all,Tobi,"The alpha last year was better, I would rather pay for the alpha version than what we have now."
,Not Recommended,304390,29978459,Posted: 16 February,all,ceasedU,"Change your game name to ""For Error"" because out of all my time played, I only see errors.Can't even pass the loading screen. Wasted money on a game I can't even play. Thanks ubisoft for robbing me.edit: my pc can run it. all of a sudden game screws me over and gives me errorsWhen the game decides to let me pass the title screen, there is still a load crap waiting to tik me off. Lets not forget the connection issues. Almost every match im getting an error and getting kicked. It has gotten to a point my mates and i wager on who gets booted first and how fast it will be. everything i want to try... error.i just blink while in mid game... error.I try to  search again ""the session is full"".... um why didnt you search elsewhere?I search again ""game found joining session""... errorI'm done."
76561198363007100,Not Recommended,304390,29974806,Posted: 16 February,all,CHINGCHONGCHODE society.gg,"This game is one of the worst games I have ever played. I played the beta, was kinda-ishh fun, but within an 4 of playing i'd had enough. I tested out the mechanics with my friends to see if they were the same as the beta and the block was completely off. The chacters that were fun to play are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥now. A new added chacter called Shugoki is absolutely  broken towards most of the people in the game. He could grab you, throw you in a corner and when you stood up, grap you, throw you back in that same corner and repeat that process while you simultaneously lost stamina. For that people trying to say just block his attacks, half of his attacks are UNBLOCKABLE. ""well, uhhh, y dont u doge zoes attacks, huh?"" Well you cant because if you dodge, overhead hits will still hit you because its locked on from the start of the attack! What a cool mechanic! Please dont buy this game, itll ruin your life. Its truely terrible, just save yourself the time of refunding it."
,Recommended,304390,30375686,Posted: 7 March,all,torgon1,"You feel like a badass playing this game with incredible fighting mechanics and a rather friendly community (might remind you of the Dark souls community if youve played that).p2p connection is meh by many means but i usually do not have any problems with it,The balance is preatty good though i feel like kensei has way to slow attacks which messes him up in high level play.Still my biggest complaint is the parry mechanic. Basicly u can parry an incomming attack and then follow up into an attack or the very stupid guardbreak which require minor skill to time. This works on all characters and against everyone else than nuboshi as far as im concerned. Simply its hard to play offensive in high lvl without playing one of the characters with fast attack animations which just doesnt feel right.All in all good game but i HATE what they did with the parry into guardbreak (or an attack as well when it comes to orichi up double).EDIT: AYYYY PARRY NERF"
,Recommended,304390,29971215,Posted: 16 February,all,Pigeon23,"The gameplay mechanics in this game are innovative and well-executed. It is fun to play both with friends and alone in either solo queue or story mode. What people are saying about the servers being poor is definitely true, with you disconnecting every 10 games or so and other connection issues happening about every 5 or so. Despite this rather easily fixable issue, the game is really good for anyone who likes competitive games or games of the medieval genre.In short, despite the somewhat significant issues with server connection, this game is still worth getting.9/10"
,Recommended,304390,34227923,Posted: 13 August,all,Light_sethC,"Unfortunately, this has become one of the games that people love to hate. Honestly the amount the game receives is undeserved! It is not without its flaws, but it is quite a unique and fun game. I enjoy the combat, and the 1v1 duels are always fun and intense. The game is WELL worth the price of 30 dollars(the sale associated with the free weekend). If anyone has been on the fence worried about the reviews, playerbase, or anything, take the risk and get the game. You'll enjoy it!"
76561198010258119,Not Recommended,304390,30523552,Posted: 15 March,all,ЯUSSIAИ GUУ,"U don't play UplayUplay play U""the connect has been lost.Returning to main menu""RIP my money"
76561198021027902,Not Recommended,304390,30019817,Posted: 18 February,all,Tvat 💩,"The objective of a good matchmaking is too find the right balance between waiting time (as short as possible) and match quality (fast connectivity between players and same level of skill).To do so, our philosophy is to focus on connection quality first then players’ skill. Regarding the waiting time, we look for the best fit for skill for the first 30 seconds, then expand that skill range after each 30 second interval. After three minutes, we timeout the matchmaking to allow the player to restart the process from scratch.source:https://support.ubi.com/en-US/faqs/000026270/For-Honor-Online-System-Breakdown-FH-PC-XB1-PS4/the game is ok. but the many problems with the PTP is just not worth it.the gear system is lack luster, you can get matched up agenst players with 100 when you are gear 10, and dont stand a chance.yer, that is how you match players skils, based on connection.... GJ Ubisoft"
76561198006933537,Not Recommended,304390,29988879,Posted: 17 February,all,Mr.Rey,"The game is fine. Perfectible, but it's fun and enjoyable. Even though you'll realise that most people didn't buy this game to be honorful, but what can you do?So, the game is fine, but the price is high, and I'm not just talking about money:-Uplay, it's bad, terribad, it bugs, friend invitations works 50% of the time, your friends are gonna be kicked randomly from your group, it's just horrid, you'll get kicked from a group, you won't be able to invite again, dozens of issues JUST related to uplay.-The waiting, it's like 50% waiting, 50% playing. There's the traditionnal unskippable intros that will bother you (since you have to alt+F4 so much in this game.) And then there's the unskipable message to tell you the faction war is currently innactive. Then there's this unskipable faction status, if you don't give a damn about it, you'll suffer through it anyway, even though it's not gameplay, it's just a useless thingy that rewards you with peanuts. Then there's even more waiting with 1 minute character selection, followed by 1 minute of loading at the very least, followed by cameran spans and all... and all this for 3 minutes of gameplay if you play duels or brawls.-The severs. Well, no such thing, YOU are the server, but you're not getting paid for it, far from it. 60 bucks for a game that provide you with no servers, so you connect to a randomly selected host. Every time someone disconnect, your game stops and cuts your rhythm, to bounce you back into the game with a delay. You'll get kicked out after 5 minutes of gameplay because the host decided to leave and it made the session crash. ""An unknown error kicked you from the game"". You'll read that a lot. And I'm playing with 6 of my friends, it happens to all of them, it's not hardware.You'll also HAVE to play with people near you, or everything lags too much... they won't give you a choice anyway, so if you don't like the people from where you live, you'll deal with them... Not great in 2017.-Random bugs, freezes, crashes. You'll have to leave the game because of it.-The menus, so bad. You will not be able to play the game mode you want. Want to play Elimination? Set that in your favorite? Here, have a skirmish, without warning. And hey, you won't be able to leave the game once it started, enjoy!"". You can select between Duels and Brawls, you can select dominions, but you can't select between skirmish and elimination, WHY?. Everything is counter intuitive, tones of menu, unclear format, and you even have to deal with the uplay overlay, because the IG menus to invite friends is even more buggy than uplay... which says a lot.-server activity, most of the time you have ""low"" or ""medium activity"". There are thousands of people playing the game, it was released a few days ago, there should NEVER be an activity issue. It should NEVER take more than a few seconds to fix you up with a game. But no, you'll wait even more, and switch back and forth to cancel and restart a search, because if you wait for too long, it will remove all your preferences and you'll be stuck in playing a mode you never asked in the first place.-[/u]Daily orders[/u], they give too big a reward to skip, and yet they'll force you into playing characters you don't want, or against bots. Like... what's the point in this type of game to play against bots? To FORCE you to play against bots if you want to complete your orders???I'm forgetting tones of things, but these are all very, very frustrating ones. It wouldn't be SO frustrating if the game was bad, but it's really not, the game is great, having a lot of fun with it. But when I'm done with it, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ In fact, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time when I have to go through all these problems just to play."
76561198299668277,Not Recommended,304390,30291074,Posted: 2 March,all,*opopo*,There is alot  of connection erro during game and now I Cant EVEN load into game???? just return my cash man
76561198067676177,Not Recommended,304390,30696093,Posted: 23 March,all,BOOOM,ubisoft sucks a big♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30343816,Posted: 5 March,all,General Speer,"Take this game off P2P and you have yourself a great game.  May get it later on when I don't have school internet conncection and I have my own but for now, you get a thumbs down... sorry."
76561198071307718,Not Recommended,304390,33113035,Posted: 1 July,all,v☾ntage,"Of all the games I've ever bought, I regret buying this one the most."
76561198083409791,Not Recommended,304390,30294283,Posted: 3 March,all,Souloud,"do not buy, do not waste your money"
,Not Recommended,304390,31436469,Posted: 29 April,all,Umbяal Nomad,"Ubisoft: Come check out For Honor! A hack and slash game where you can play as Knights, Vikings, and Samuria!Community: Thats cool! Hey are there any iss-Ubisoft: Why yes there is alot of issues!Community: Then can you please fix them?Ubisoft: We also don't listen to our customers or reviews because you are all piggy banks to us and if you want us to listen either pay us more or scream enough times in our customer services! We recommend you pay us because we'll listen to you even better.Community: What? ♥♥♥♥ no! Fix the issues now!Ubisoft: Quelle? Vous devez parler plus fort ou nous payer.Campaign: 5/10Gameplay: 8/10Multiplayer: 4/10other words the game is fun gameplay wise, but the main issue is connection because Ubisoft is to ♥♥♥♥ed in the head whether to work on P2P or servers. So no I don't recommend, go buy Tripwares Vietnam game because they actually listen."
76561198142574110,Not Recommended,304390,31941131,Posted: 24 May,all,yung emu god,How is a newbie supposed to learn the game when you play against prestige 6 when you're lvl 1
,Not Recommended,304390,30015054,Posted: 18 February,all,PeKa6,"LIterally can't join games after disabling my firewall, opening all the ports ubisoft told me to, and spending about an hour trying to make the game work.Also love that they have the balls to say ""Hey, pay2win some to get more items after you've paid 60 bucks for this non-functioning game""."
,Not Recommended,304390,30007900,Posted: 18 February,all,Slipstream (Zoom),"Wish they went the reaction/strategy route rather than the 50/50 / vortex/guessing route but oh well the toxic community gets what they want...Expect disconnectsEDIT: I mostly play duels and 2v2s and the p2p works good enough for those, but im not sure if it has to do with the servers or bugs in the game but many people including myself have noticed hits going through blocks, guard breaks not working as they should especially when used at the same time and well timed parries simply not doing anything. hopefully these will be fixed but until then im still gonna rage every time they happen lol.even with all the negatives im still playing and ejoying the game in duels and 2v2s so if you are like me i guess the game would be worth.Other than that the gameplay is pretty fun when it works and the campaigns storyline was interesting and fun, idk why people said it wasnt."
76561198005021764,Not Recommended,304390,30046249,Posted: 19 February,all,CampChampCharlie,"Ubisoft has won the game on how to bend gamers over.   The game is pretty solid, it's basically a slow motion fighting game with some cool mechanics, but unbalanced chars.The negative review is for how they run the game.  Let's start with server issue.A 60 dollar supposedly triple A game, with no dedicated servers.  Strike oneA F2P game model for ""steel"" the currency you earn, or you can just buy (pay 2 win style) This is used to buy not just cosmetic items but gear that does change your strength of character.  Strike twoLimited game modes on release, and a season pass needed for upcoming content???.  Strike ThreeUbisoft is out, I like the game, but it's not worth the 60 dollars, esp when the entire game feels like an upward climb just to catch up to people who dropped more money than you."
,Not Recommended,304390,29976568,Posted: 16 February,all,L1zZ4rD,"FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING CONNECTION ISSUES HOLY ♥♥♥♥ I CANT PLAY 2 GAMES IN A ROW WITHOUT GETTING DC FOR INACTIVITY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIGHT. EVERY DAMN TIME WITH YOUR GAME RELEASES UBISOFT, TAKE A DAMN HINT."
76561198098529767,Not Recommended,304390,30053333,Posted: 20 February,all,theo ba,"There are still alot of things they need to fix, terrible pc controls, bs classes and bloody Peer to Peer. The graphics are great and I like the idea of the game, but Ubisoft ruined it, as they did for so many others. Maybe in a few months they'll improve it, but I'd hold off buying For Honor until its much more polished."
,Not Recommended,304390,30769967,Posted: 27 March,all,Whitney Catherine,"Don't ♥♥♥♥ing waste your money on this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing junk, never been so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, it takes longer than 10+ minutes for you to get into a game, what's worse? You got kicked randomly due to connection issue, which is problem from server side. Due to the queue time and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tes, I cannot refund the game now :)So Ethan.STAYTHE♥♥♥♥AWAY"
,Recommended,304390,30905692,Posted: 2 April,all,Minty,"This game is no doubt a good quality game. Though there are a few things I have to say.If you're going to get this game just for the campaign (which a lot of people do) just know that you MUST be connected to the internet to be able to play anything this game has to offer. Another thing about the campaign is that it's mainly an over glorified tutorial. Throughout its whole few hours of gameplay it keeps teaching you things to do. Now don't get me wrong I loved the campaign and all the little ""side missions"" you could do it was a nice time.Onto the multiplayer. Lately there's been a few updates changing a bit but here's the gist of it. Server issues where you get disconnected every now and then aside. When first starting out you will at least once every 3 games get into a match with someone either on your team or the other that has way more experience than you. In my opinion this is sometimes good as you get used to how more ""elite"" players move and act. But it may be tedious since you may die more often than kill or just even survive.Also once you get one character to renown which is this games version of prestige that adds up to your profiles overall skill level. So let's say you leveled your warden and Kensei to 4 renown. (Total of 8 renown) and you end up wanting to try out the lawbringer you'll end up with your teammates and other team being around that skill level 3-10 renown. Meaning you'll get screwed over a bunch until you get used to the new class and get new and better gear.That being said. GEAR.  Gear in this game is a bit broken in the sense that it could get you an advantage in some moments in this game. Some people build their characters around revenge which is a game mechanic that generally gives you extra health and power once you block enough or get hurt enough (without dying) that you can activate it. Which the developers say they'll be nerfing soon since it's too easily gained and a bit too powerful with some classes. So this may change when you read this.All this in the end I want to say that it's a pretty epic game. It has its downsides but the overall quality is great."
,Recommended,304390,29936291,Posted: 14 February,all,Dopurun,"Potentially 2017's Ubisoft hit, as long as the developers do what they did with Siege. Siege in its early days was quite a mess, rampant with hackers, and generally unbalanced. Over time, it was molded into a great and must buy FPS for anyone who enjoys the genre, and with the many free weekends and sales, its hard to find people who dislike Siege.For Honor is a fighting game, disguised as hack and slash. Its amazingly addictive and intense, with great customization for characters. The animations are incredible, and all transition in and out of each other very nicely. The game is VERY well optimized, coming from someone with a GPU thas the equivalent of a 750ti in 2017. There was a lot of care in making this game look appealing. So, does it PLAY good?The game requires reflexes, reactions, and mind games which is a staple of any fighting game. There are 3 character types: vanguards, heavies, assassins and hybrids. Vanguards are balanced characters, comparable to Ryu from Street Fighter. Heavies are usually slow, but either hit hard or have a lot more defensive options. Assassins are fast, aggressive and reflex oriented, but tend to be low on health. Hybrids are a combination of any of the 3 types, usually no more than 2. Despite sharing similar archetypes, every character is different, making character knowledge absolutely vital. For Honor can be very frustrating as you are learning the ins and outs and getting accustomed to its unique control scheme, but its insanely rewarding puting all that knowledge and practice into play and coming out on top.Lastly, story mode... story mode here isn't anything particularly interesting. Its a glorified tutorial, with an interesting set up and and good presentation, but it feels quite tacked on, like many singleplayer campaigns in MP focused games tend to be. Its worth a playthrough for unique emblems and customization that you can't get elsewhere, however.All and all, For Honor has a lot of potential. Its very fun, its very addictive, and very rewarding. If you are still on the fence, its safe to wait a month or two and see how it plays out, but I think if you are looking for a new multiplayer game to grind out, For Honor is a very good choice.Addendum: I wanna clear up some mis-info: There is gear level in this game. You can buy gear lockboxes (loot crates, essentially) with steel. You can buy steel with real money. You can be guaranteed up to 2 ""high level"" pieces of gear in a premium crate. Now, here's the deal... these higher level pieces, at most, go to rank 4. All they do is save you salvage that you can easily get through dismantling anyway. The most important thing, however, is that gear is not a direct increase an power, its a SHIFT in power. You will always lose something by putting on a new piece of gear. Its meant to alter your playstyle, and it only works in the 4v4 game modes. In 1v1 and 2v2, the gear stats are turned off completely.And about peer to peer, there was a reddit post here that talks about why it isn't bad for the game foundhere. Take a look at this before jumping on the bandwagon of P2P hate."
,Not Recommended,304390,30025514,Posted: 18 February,all,Kadeshi,"Jogo bom, mas sem servidores dedicados, demora no matchmaking, partidas que pausamq aundo players entram e saem, partidas com perda de sincronia, etc. bom trabalho Ubisoft, estragou seu próprio produto"
,Not Recommended,304390,30817875,Posted: 29 March,all,Yamas Messenger,"This game has serious balance issues. Dont waste your money. Its from Ubisoft, what more is there to say."
76561198143180473,Not Recommended,304390,30201298,Posted: 26 February,all,thank955,"Connecting problems, lots of problems. UBIsoft, get a server"
,Not Recommended,304390,30158951,Posted: 24 February,all,W0LF,"Excellent game! other than a lot of issues... actually wait, its not an excellent gameCampaign is rubbish, dont botherPeer to peer is the ♥♥♥♥♥estLeavers/AFK get away with itLEDGES ARE ♥♥♥♥ING EVERYWHEREWant to have a fun 1V1 fight? well you cant, all the maps have way too many cheap spots that you can abuse as some charactersDont bother"
,Not Recommended,304390,31230997,Posted: 18 April,all,Warrior Exo,"The imbalance of the game, which only gets slightly fixed on a monthly basis, mixed with the HORRIBLE connectivity problems, makes this game almost unplayable.It's unfortunate that only 20 hours in did I start getting the consistant game drops and found myself too hourly invested to receive a refund for this game that has been almost unpalyable for the next 10 hours that I've invested hoping it'll just get fixed.Ubisoft, just fix the connectivity if nothing else, how many patches will you try to fix it and fail?"
,Recommended,304390,30264196,Posted: 1 March,all,LORD GENDRY,deus vult
,Not Recommended,304390,30758841,Posted: 26 March,all,Cable,Terrible onlinePlayerbase makes cancer look like a coldI want my money back
,Not Recommended,304390,30232507,Posted: 27 February,all,Sin Alter,Pay to win. Needs too much fixing to spend $60 on
,Not Recommended,304390,31227557,Posted: 18 April,all,oHAWKEYEo,Steam Controller DOES NOT work with this game
,Recommended,304390,29974266,Posted: 16 February,all,Icy Blue,"Let's get this clear.Most people who complain about the NAT system probably don't have a very stable connection.I have played a lot of multi-player and only have encountered one problem with the servers and that was launch day.People also complain about ""micro transactions"" but really you can easily earn everything by just playing the game and killing stuff. Everything else is just cosmetics to give your hero more ""flavor"".Pros- Graphics are stunning.- The combat is supreme.- Interesting characters and moves.- Honorable 1V1 battles.- Customization is very nice.- 12 Heroes that are all unique and adaptable.- Faction War & Teamwork.Cons- The story mode is a bit easy and boring.- Multi-player can be boring if you're alone.Overall Rating and thoughtsThe game is great overall.This game is more than a hack and slash.In fact it's unique and takes skill.One of the best fighting games.I will be playing this game a lot more.8/10"
76561197972445688,Not Recommended,304390,29941570,Posted: 15 February,all,Oh_Man[TFE],Non-cosmetic microtranscations...Take them out and I will give a positive review.
76561198035820062,Not Recommended,304390,32724970,Posted: 24 June,all,the eye,"Where do I begin??? Ah, I know... the game is bad... just bad, concept is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, graphics are great... but that's where the pros end... the rest of the game is just bad. Save your money not worth it"
,Not Recommended,304390,30095010,Posted: 22 February,all,"Angela ""Mercy"" Ziegler","Let me start this by saying that thegameis quite good. The fighting is solid, the campaign is... eh... it's a campaign, and the available multiplayer modes are mostly good.But it is not worth your money, your time, or your interest.The only game modes newcomers will be able to (reliably) enjoy are Duels (1v1s), Brawls (2v2s), or co-op of the other modes and even that's questionable.The reason is this: Gear stats, revenge, and environmental kills. If you disagree that's fine, you don't have to agree with me as this is subjective. If you'd like to refute these points, that's also fine but you are very unlikely to change my mind. All I ask is you read them, and if you choose to respond do so in a measured manner.In Elimination, Skirmish, and Dominion the stats on your equipment becomes active. This, at lower levels (I'd say lower than level 30 gear) makes very little difference in gameplay, most heroes of this level have pretty basic stats. But, when you get to higher gear levels (let's say 50+) you've made substantial changes to your attack, defense, or (most importantly) your revenge mode.Revenge is a mechanic that automatically parries all incoming attacks upon use, turns your parries into knockdowns, turns your throws into knockdowns, makes your attacks uninterruptable, and increases your attack/defense by a significant amount. This, in of itself, is not a bad thing. It is a very cool idea, and gives someone who's being attacked by multiple opponents a fighting chance.However...It is influenced by a number of stats: Revenge mode attack, revenge mode defense, revenge gain on defense, and revenge gain on injury. If you inflate any of these stats to a significant degree (especially the two revenge gains) you border on making yourself overpowered. The reason being that your revenge mode will now activate faster/be more powerful than your opponent's. This wouldn't be so bad...But...You can buy gear using real world money. Not only can you do that, you can also buy ""Champion Status"" that causes you to receive more gear after matches, more experience, more steel (currency), and get more salvage from destroying extraneous equipment. Yes, these things can all be ground out via in-game orders (daily missions) or repeatedly completing matches. If that changes things for you, that's fine, but it doesn't fix the imbalance for me.Experience level determines received gear level, the amount of salvage you have determines how quickly you can level that gear, meaning that those who stump up the time or money for champion status have a definite advantage in these modes.Now, you might be thinking, ""What if I want to play Elimination or Domination without gear stats?""Well... Ubisoft thinks you should play custom games, becausethere is no standard mode outside of duels/brawls that has stats turned off.Alternatively you might be questioning, ""What about that Skirmish mode you mentioned?""To answer that all I really need to say is: Skirmish is so badly broken that I don't know a single person who enjoys it (Yes, you probably exist and might even tell me you enjoy it, but at time of writing I've never met anyone who does).The reason, in my opinion, why people don't like Skirmish is twofold.You cannot queue for it alone, it is mixed in with the Elimination matchmaking and you cannot exclude it. You can ""prefer"" Elimination, but that doesn't actually stop you from joining Skirmish matches.Once you hit your team's breaking point, there's no way to recover.Skirmish is so bad that Ubisoft not only left it out of the open beta, but they felt they had to tack it onto their Elimination matchmaking to actually get people to play it. Also, orders that apply to Elimination can't be completed in Skirmish and vice versa.Notice how we're all the way down here and I haven't even gotten into networking issues? So let's open that can of worms too.There are no dedicated servers, meaning that you are forever on a P2P network. So the host's system gets overtaxed, their bandwidth is exploited, and (sometimes) when they leave the lobby shuts itself down, denying anyone in it gear, steel, and experience. Not only that but P2P networking on PC is dangerous. Both in the realm of cheating and information protection. Yes, there are likely safeguards in place. Yes, they could be close to (or completely) ironclad in some way.That doesn't change the fact your entire match is being run through one player's connection and machine.Now, as I've run out of things to complain about (for now), I'll do a quick roundup of bugbears both mentioned and unmentioned.The main game modes are pay (Or grind until your eyes bleed) to win.This is a fee to pay game. (You buy a 60$ game, then get nickle and dimed within it by a corporation that has more money than it knows what to do with)Skirmish is almost universally hated and cannot be escaped completely (so long as you play elimination).Environmental kills are designed to frustrate when they kill you, and certain heroes are based around them.Peer to peer servers are not only lazy (Ubisoft has tons of money but can't be bothered to create/maintain servers), but compromise the game's online portion.The campaign is uninspired at best, and downright stupid at worst.Revenge mode is ridiculously powerful with stats enabled.You can't play this game offline, even the single player campaign.Also, uPlay. I don't think I have to say anything more than that, but I will below this if you want to listen to some entitled woman ♥♥♥♥♥ her♥♥♥♥♥♥off about a gre--... It makes me angry and I will explain why.So... uPlay... uPlay uPlay uPlay... You poorly performing moneygrab of a platform. To clue anyone who isn't aware in, uPlay only exists because Ubisoft doesn't like paying Steam to carry their games, just like Origin. Unlike Origin and EA, Ubisoft sells their games on Steam as well, with the caveat that you must install and run uPlay at all times while playing their games. It's buggy, slow, and causes their games to interact very poorly with the Steam overlay. In fact you can't use Steam to invite your friends to Ubisoft games, because the games aren't built to work with it (Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, it's always seemed intentional to me).To put the cherry atop the poorly frosted and slightly burnt cake, the sex split for heroes is even. 3 male, 3 female, 3 that you can decide their sex. I can't be the only one that remembers when Ubisoft said it'd be too expensive to make two models in Assassin's Creed Unity for male/female assassins. In this game there are... 18 models that all have multiple gear sets, not counting NPCs.Yes. I know. Extraneous, but I still like poking fun at a corporation that doesn't respond truthfully to criticism.If you've made it this far, you have my thanks. Have a good one, and... yeah... I heartily recommend you do not buy this game, for the moment."
76561198083728532,Not Recommended,304390,31466440,Posted: 30 April,all,Sougo,"-Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story.-Peer to peer server.-Microtransactions.-5 gametypes, which 3 of them are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-Can't even spell the word 'honour' right.-Season pass day one.Ubisoft: but hey we slapped the AAA on the cover so 60 euro/65 dollar please. And don't forget our 40 euro/43 dollar season pass and while your here why not check out all the stuff you can buy , cause why bother of just unlocking it.Spend 41 hours on this looking for something fun, you're better off slamming your head against a wall! It hurts less and is reasonably cheaper than this pile of garbage waste that has the audacity to call itself a video game!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30767469,Posted: 27 March,all,Umbrage,"VERY HIGH ACTIVITY!got no games unless i did 1v1 duels, and even then it took ages to get a matchdefinitely not worth full price, 15 dollars at best and it doesnt even have dedicated serversthe part that made me refund this instead of lucking it out to see if it got better was when my trained killer knight was trumped by 1mm of water and died instantly, wtf"
76561198141803646,Not Recommended,304390,31814573,Posted: 17 May,all,SpookMan,Sentereeon gave me an erection the size of a skyscraper
,Recommended,304390,30027009,Posted: 18 February,all,Zoinked,"For Honor, By CyNthios15 hours in and I really am in love with this game, even with its technical flaws which you have most likely read in other reviews but this is what I think about the game itself.The game is incredibly addicting with it's many modes and just generally things to do and learn, such asBrilliant CampaignThis game has an really cool campaign I love how it's set out even with the idea of having to keep it similar to the whole multiplayer MOBA aspect to it, and I think they really pulled it off with using the easier (or the more straightforward) characters as the main protagonist for each factions story and then weaving in the other, more complicated characters as the other heroes in the story for you to also play as for a short time. Even with it's multiplayer driven game mechanics the gameplay works really well in the campaign in my opinion, like they even added collectibles in the campaign as well as some unlock-able features for the multiplayer side to the game. Great story that is not to in-depth and while the campaign is not quite long it's still definitely worth your time.MultiplayerThe multiplayer modes in this game are quite enjoyable in has quite a variety such as a 4v4 game mode in which you capture points and work together to kill enemy players, quite similarly to common MOBA titles as well as the 1v1 mode which is incredibly different to the 4v4 mode or as it's called 'Dominion' as it puts you in a still small map to fight it out with one other player which can be quite intense and from my experience thus far enjoyable.ProgressionThe game's progression system is interesting in terms of how you gain equipment from winning battles but you can also buy better equipment from packs which are bought with in game money which can be easily earned through playing the actual game. As you play with each character you gain experience and level up for each individual one and you are able to learn new skills and equip them with more aesthetic clothing and items to give them a bit of personality, However it you are not required to purchase characters in order to use them that is just to customise them which I only recently discovered which makes it easier to find which character works for you or which one you like best.Tutorial/How to playI really love the many options this game gives you to practice with bots and how much they encourage you to study each characters combos and abilities and then practice them as much as you want against a bot that will respawn straight away after you keep killing it, which I personally love and find incredibly useful for learning a characters basic combos and move structure.Things I dislikeWhile brief there are some things that desperately need to be fixed such as the thing that everyone is complaining about, the peer to peer use rather than servers which hasn't impacted me as much but I can imagine would be infuriating for others and impractical for proper online gameplay as well as other connectivity issues. Another thing would have to be the online play, in particular the Dominion game mode. in which there is no penalty for abandoning the game which is frustrating for players who are playing competitively and want to win (obviously). The price for this game is a little bit unreasonable for its current state but hopefully that will change in future updates to the game.TL;DR+ Great campaign+ Great game mechanics and gameplay+ Fun and interesting characters+ Beautiful maps and cinematic's+ Fun multiplayer modes+ Lots of things to learn with much help from tutorials and offline practice options+ Really cool concept- Expensive- Peer to Peer hosting- Some connection issues every now and then- Difficult game for casual players to pick up (specifically multiplayer)Final wordsThis game really is fun and I recommend people get it but the main issues with the game right now will most likely be fixed relatively soon (Hopefully anyway). I can't speak for everyone but I am having an absolute blast playing this game and I have only played 15 hours as of writing this."
76561198125023906,Not Recommended,304390,31996707,Posted: 27 May,all,DerekTX,"For Honor: Where the only thing worse than your teamates is the network connection.The game, in it's present state, is unplayable. Poor connection issues, in a game where timing is so key, is unacceptable.Attacks are a spam fest, and your own teammates will do more damage too you than enemy players before stealing your kill.The melee system is novel and lots of fun, unfortunately the offline-campaign is so lack luster and lacking in diversity that it does not present a suitable alternative to the bugged, slow, lag prone, and crash-heavy multiplayer match-making games."
,Not Recommended,304390,34186863,Posted: 12 August,all,Death,Absolute garbage.Won't even connect to Ubisoft's servers. Skip this pile of steaming excrement.
,Recommended,304390,34172872,Posted: 11 August,all,M3G_Medievalkyle Hellcase.com,I love this game i have been through it from the start i have been through all the buggs and salty people. The game is no way bad it is no way the best eather sure i get kicked out hear and there but i love the game so much i keep playing and now waithing for season 3
,Not Recommended,304390,30955462,Posted: 4 April,all,© Blackday,"I just played this game for 5 hours and that too only story mode. Multiplayer always crashed thanks to Ubisoft for p2p and now I've been requesting a refund since a month, I know Ubisoft doesn't care about community and they won't fix this s**t nor valve cares about refunds as I've already mentioned the reason of multiplayer crashes but they will stick to there policy. Well played Ubisoft and Valve, amazing community service from both."
76561198046219371,Not Recommended,304390,34782428,Posted: 6 September,all,AntiBen666,this game is oversimplified and overcomplicated in all of the wrong ways.it crashes/disconnects for having youtube in the background/refuses to let you play for no good reason (only solveable through restart)
,Not Recommended,304390,32457568,Posted: 15 June,all,Hardplunk,Another amazing game ruined by ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,34399056,Posted: 21 August,all,raik,"+ Combat mechanics are somewhat innovative and interesting.+ Visually it's a nice looking game.- Requires Uplay.- The singleplayer campaign is dull.- No dedicated servers. Peer-to-Peer is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ and on top of that the game bugs all the ♥♥♥♥ing time where you get randomly thrown out of the game and locked out of matchmaking, requiring a restart.- Matchmaking is so ridiculously unbalanced it's not even funny. I'm not sure if this is caused by the lack of players or Ubisoft simply being incompetent at creating some sort of a ranking system so that new players wouldn't be put against people with hundreds of hours of experience (and legendary gear).- Ubisoft really wants you to buy the season pass. 6 new characters and some customization options are behind the pass. Otherwise you are required to grind ♥♥♥♥♥on of ingame currency which of course is really slow to come by.At current state the game is NOT worth its stupidly high price (60€ for the base game, 40€ for the season pass). One can wish that in the future Ubisoft wakes up and does something to the mentioned problems I've experienced in the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,31948379,Posted: 25 May,all,Soul,"No recommendation.The game could be so great with servers and some balancing that you don't play with no equip vs fully equipped ppl.At this state of the game, it's very very frustrating to play."
,Not Recommended,304390,33797966,Posted: 25 July,all,Big Muscles,Horrid servers that will never be fixed.
,Not Recommended,304390,30345917,Posted: 5 March,all,bob384801,So not a very good start for this game...I DL'd and first things first I experience Server issues in my area. I will continue to remain optimistic but I highly doubt that I will be pleased with this purchase.
,Not Recommended,304390,31349041,Posted: 24 April,all,lllPanda,Just don't buy it. Ubisoft still hasn't learned and probably never will.
76561197999471475,Recommended,304390,34954503,Posted: 14 September,all,Takobushi,"Heard about it since last year or so - Was very excited about itPlayed it first in Open Beta - Liked it a lot, was really keen on buying itHave been playing ever since launch until now - Yes, I won't say there aren't issues, but I at least can look past them and enjoy the game for what it isMany people hating on this game have legitimate reasons, but it feels like they don't know what to say other than ""dis gaem sux dont buy♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft"" which seem to make up a good 3/4ths of negative reviews and blind out the ones from people who can actually articulate one with constructive and reasonable criticism or legitimate opinions on why they (didn't) left the gameI personally though, don't feel all too affected by the problems and can enjoy the game a lot so I won't stop playing it for any time soon, that's why I give it a good review since especially on Steam many people just hop on the bandwagon and want to badmouth a game which shys people away from trying and possibly finding out they actually do (not) like it"
,Not Recommended,304390,30250750,Posted: 28 February,all,hip0,Worste match making ever...
76561198017476967,Not Recommended,304390,34198601,Posted: 12 August,all,Commie | Crime | Loading [d-_-b],"Reinstalled this game after shutting if off from the beginning, still in a terrible state, how can this be a competitve game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29963245,Posted: 16 February,all,Schism,"Pro's:Great Idea, Fairly well executed.Complex Combat.Beautiful visuals.Cons:NO DEDICATED SERVERS!!!!UplayUbisoft....I wish I could recommend this game, as it is great, but there are so many issues with matchmaking and multiplayer that I really cannot, A great game spoiled by Ubisoft.... Thanks Guys..."
,Not Recommended,304390,29928439,Posted: 14 February,all,BEAR,"The game is good, the combat is refreshing and the classes (heroes if you would) are diverse. Some would say that the balancing is off, but I find it realistic (makes sense that a guy with two axes having problem with a lady with a long spear, kinda like a guy with two guns battling a sniper. At least, that's my opinion).A good game if not for the fact that you will spend about 75% of your time trying to find a connection with other players, 10% wondering why you were disconnected midgame and about just 15% enjoying the game. Upon finding out this game does not have any dedicated server, you will spend that 15% of that time rageing on the poor P2P connection and the EAC (which is a questionable system by itself in my opinion) which brings us to 0% of game enjoyment. For free, it's bearable, 60$ is a hardsell (discounting the fact that it has microtransactions).Realizing the fact that the problems in the game are not gameplay issues should point you to the guys that manage these stuff. I'm going to say it plain, don't look at that shiny, pretty, beautiful, tasty, juicy and often times delicious bait and take a good hard look at that fisherman. Do you want trust him? If you do, go and bite that thang (I was one btw, in case that's not obvious, too late for me, I'm hooked, excuse the pun), if not, look away and save that money for a piece o juicy steak, it'll be much more gratifying I'll bet.(Update)Played a bit of it. DON'T BUY THIS F**KING GAME!"
76561198048740778,Not Recommended,304390,29924363,Posted: 14 February,all,$ilv3rlight,I did not enjoy this game.- controlls feel slugish and slow- Losing connection all the time- Arcade feeling- Its almost like playing a marvel game on ps2- it some how has a feeling of a free to play game with ingame purchase- OverprisedIn fact i HATE IT!
76561198084737458,Not Recommended,304390,29924889,Posted: 14 February,all,Sassy,"what a god awful game, do not purchase. no servers i.e. no game time, terrible UI and even worse controls"
,Not Recommended,304390,30069722,Posted: 20 February,all,♡ Queen Regalia ♡,Regret buying this game.Ubisoft please.
76561198156234522,Not Recommended,304390,30055884,Posted: 20 February,all,KingTGamer CSGORoll.com,"The servers are so♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's an 80% chance that you get disconected from every single match. This NEEDS to be fixed. Other than that, the game is amazing :D"
76561198067606860,Not Recommended,304390,29972143,Posted: 16 February,all,NinjaBeest,"I really love this game, it's the best game of its kind. But Ubisoft unleashed a monster inside it. Bad connection..."
,Recommended,304390,32486233,Posted: 16 June,all,†RìP† RaidingTombs,"If you looked for the perfect game to show your skills in reclaiming the holy land then you have found itPros: -Go full crusade mode while sitting on your fat♥♥♥♥♥eating Doritos-Slaughter those weebs and nords like the piece of trash they are-Kill people the most humiliating way which is throwing them off a ledge when they're about to kill you-A lot of emote spam-Servers are not as bad as everyone says-Deus Vult would ad mortem my inimicus againCons:-Salt, much SALT-Dying playerbase-Historically incorrect, Samurai wouldn't stand a chance against the all mighty Crusaders-Gets a little boring when you reach max. gear on your favourite Crusader as there is only few long time motivationto keep reclaiming those holy landsDis is a gud game tho 10/10 would DEUS VULT again"
,Recommended,304390,32783430,Posted: 25 June,all,Mystery,"Honestly I really enjoy this game, there is a lot to learn, but I feel like that doesn't take long. Just don't take it to seriously and you'll be good."
,Not Recommended,304390,29951361,Posted: 15 February,all,Bandit,Until they fix their network and matchmaking issues I would not recommened this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,32695409,Posted: 23 June,all,Restrife,"This makes me incredibly sad. I had such high hopes in this game, it look great and not ""over hyped"" during the previews. Too bad that server issues, p2p connectivity, bugs, huge skill gap and gear gap between pay to play and free to play players make it incredibly painful for new/returning players to get into the game.I was lucky enough to get into the Absolver alpha, and I am happy because that game does promise to be everything that For Honor wasn't, and even more..."
76561197993722043,Not Recommended,304390,30130074,Posted: 23 February,all,Lenin_be_back,"Disclaimer: I like this game, it has awesome fighting mechanics and very good character costumisation, but here is 7 reasons why you shoudnt buy it for full price or buy this game at all(if i knew all this things before i buy this game i would totaly wait till sale)1. Ubishait serversPear-2-pear systeam in 21st century sounds like a joke,but here it is AAA multiplayer title with dumbest network system for online gaming. I didnt have THAT much issues as some negative posts nearby or on reddit, but drops, long loadings and lags can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off realy hard sometimes.2. Cash eatingYeah you can buy in game money for real money. Almost all stuff in game is just skins, but still for 100$ game you can expect no more money eating garbage. Ubisoft slowly transforms in EA.3. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t timingGood news: almost no hitbox problems like in Dark Souls. Bad news: timing. Fighting mechanics requires buttons presed in parts of seconds in order to cancel ur atack,stop enemy atack and parry. And from game to game this timing changes. Atack perfectly countered last time can smash you in the face even if you press all buttons same way in same situation against same character for no reason at all. Canceling enemi special moves is always random and special pain in♥♥♥♥♥ U dont know can you stop this ultra move like last time or will it hit you no matter what. Dodjing is better but sometimes even dodje fails and you can get stabbed by teleported sword from 5 meters.4. NO singleplayerI liked story in campaign mode, but still its just a big long training for multiplayer and nothing more.5. No gear balancingMAIN reason why you shoudnt buy now(basicly you gona get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every match due to this♥♥♥♥♥♥.Almost every time you gona meet opponents of simmilar skill. But not simmilar gear. HIgher lvls of you character-better gear you will get. Game can and will(80% time(no jokes)) send you in match against guys with purple gear(for example puple sword can deal 3 times(no jokes) more dmg than grey sword(starter gear). So now im finished leveling up my hybrids, i found out what i cant lvl up my assasins cz i always matched with purple guys who literaly can kill me in 3 hits.6. Instaloss connectionGAme can send you  in almost finished match to replace bots. Even if it is 0-2 and bot you have to replace is last one alive on your team, and at moment geting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in corner by all enemies. Fun isnt it?7. Slowpoke changesNO matter how players cry, no matter how broken some aspects of the game are, ubi-shait never start fixing main connection and balance problems before 6 months since release(look for Brotherhood and R6:siege for examples). Its a simple fact. So no reason to buy this game now, in september it will be finaly finished and not in prolonged beta status.Thats all. Once again i want to remind you what this is a great game but its better to wait till all this painfull mistakes will be fixed or you can buy it no and say goodbye to your nerves.PSSry for engrish"
76561198062001276,Recommended,304390,34227312,Posted: 13 August,all,Stang,"For Honor is heck of a lot of fun! It's a first person medieval MMO without the magic and dragons of many other games. If you enjoy hacking and slashing your opponents apart and don't mind not being able to cast spells, then this will be a game for you. You won't be disappointed if you enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,304390,30212337,Posted: 26 February,all,PaPa,"Review as on 27/02/2017Pro's :1. Since its from the same developers as Rainbow 6 Siege. I trust these guys with the content  they promise (similar to promises made in R6). Hence purchased this one. IMO do not worry about the content/Heroes. Trust me the developers are gonna make this game more awesome as time progresses.2. Graphics wise its very awesome.3. Mechanics and Physics wise its awesome and not lethargic in anyway.4. Its fast paced.5. Heroes customization is vast with in-game drops which can be either equipped or dismanled to upgrade weapons.6. No microtransactions7. Its Highly optimized (reasons below).8. Renowns(in-game currency) based game and you dony have to necessarily buy things from real money.Cons:1. I found is with the Matchmaking. Many times I am unable to find servers ( NAT Green). And aboit matchmaking the Peer-to-peer should be removed. I find it not too great. I petition for ubisoft servers.2. Whenever I played Duel against AI and after I win/lose, many times it showed an error ""Couldnt Retrieve Data"" so no XP and Renowns were awarded. Although it said it will be awarded later, I am not sure if they were.Miscellaneous1. Although it counts as a pro (to me atleast), I am writing it under miscellaneous section. Trust me friends, when I sayI have a potato, then i do. Here are the specs : AMD FX6300 + 4Gb 1333Mhz RAM + 1 Gb AMD Radeon HD 7790.According to storepage I cant run it. I tried, the game loaded saying ""Your  PC is below minimum requirements"", I didn't care and procedeed. Did initial training and thought aboit the awesome graphics. So headed to graphics settings, it was running on Medium. I was 'awestruck' . Thanks to Developers, I can say that this game is heavily optimized.2. Initially I thought since I have Chivalry why buy this? Still I wamted to try it and so I purchased. All I can say is that Chivalry feels a bit Slow to me. Deadliest Warfare is Ok-Ok (like a conpromise to For Honor + with variety) but its community is mad and still sticking to Medieval warfare for reasons Unknown.I give this game and developers a thumbs up.Edit 1: Grammatical Errors and Added Point #8.Edit 2 : I have stopped playing it till they resolve the disconnections. Frequent disconnectons and unable to connect error in Player vs Player mode. For me with NAT Green and stable internet I get to play 1/10 game in Player vs Player mode."
76561198091287991,Not Recommended,304390,29960737,Posted: 16 February,all,Sayonara,I am sorry ubisoft you need to buy some dedicated servers otherwise the game will be dead for most of the people.i am gonna refund
76561198081893347,Not Recommended,304390,30189934,Posted: 26 February,all,Ken,"This peer to peer connection in itself is a joke, but the amount of connection errors and matches you get dropped from is something else. Ubisoft was also down more than 15 hours today. Unplayable and unbearble connection issues. It's quite pathetic, considering how WE ALL PAID GOOD DAMN MONEY FOR THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!! We payed to play it, not be dropped from every damn match and lose rewards and xp in the process. Pathetic. Dont buy until ubisoft gets their dumbass act together. Just pathetic. Gameplay is great, just horrific connection issues. Unplayable until Ubisoft gets their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥and does something about it."
76561198072388814,Not Recommended,304390,30001588,Posted: 17 February,all,Sgt. Socliasm,yo this game is trash i spent 60 dollars on an unblanced piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. that the lord steam refunded me (praise gayben)  but yea bad severs get ranked with prestiege masters on first game and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is bad LOL
76561198016267198,Not Recommended,304390,31960773,Posted: 25 May,all,Wise Demon,"So, as many other reviewers said, this game had great potential, but greed and disrespectful attitude to players made their job. Great combat mechanics are obscured by crappy character balance, no matchmaking balance, gear grinding, poor network stability and so on. From patch to patch there are minor improwements, howewer. Thar's why i hoped, that this game can have bright future.But season 2 made it clear, that if for honor ever will be good, this will be not in a few months. Both new characters are greatly overpowered and have most frustraiting moves, which allows them to dominate all other characters on the battlefield. Maybe i just haven't adapted to them, but shinobi's moveset about 25 moves (comparing to avg 12 for other characters) speaks for itself. New gear level on reputation 5 doesn't make it any better. More grind for the God of Grind.In a nutshell: Ubisoft screwed up. Don't buy this. If you want some melee action go play mount & blade or smth. For now at least. You will only get upset by such a wonderful idea in such a terrible perfomance."
,Not Recommended,304390,34159557,Posted: 10 August,all,It's a metaphor,Can I downvote this game more?
76561198157124735,Not Recommended,304390,30026717,Posted: 18 February,all,Voices,"Same as everyone else, gameplay is amazing and I love it, but I'm getting really sick of waiting 20+ minutes for a game only to be kicked 15 seconds in because of a ""matchmaking error""Really, ubisoft? would dedicated servers really have been that difficult? can't be a cost thing, the season pass is 2/3rds the price of the game plus the in game microtransactions, so it must have been extremely difficult.Will update review if the game gets fixed."
76561198360131483,Not Recommended,304390,29944658,Posted: 15 February,all,CesarsusBrO,"takes so long to find a match, same thing over and over.."
,Not Recommended,304390,29945701,Posted: 15 February,all,Ash,"Even though I can play any other games online just fine, this game does give me an NAT issue, where I am not able to match up with people because I have a strict NAT status, my setup is quite common: modem connected to a router, and my PC to the router via wired connection. Setting port forwarding didn't help. I didn't bother to work on that after 2 hours of fiddling around.The game itself is OK. Not brilliant. Story mode is mostly just running along a linear path, or an enclosed enviroment, fighting dudes that stands in your way. I think the missions is quite uninspiring. Just throwing a couple of soilders at you a time, mixed with captains that has a little bit more health, rinse and repeat until you finally get to the boss, which is a bit more challenging to fight, but didn't really add much to the game.There are collectables along the path which you'll need to look very hard to find, all while the game is urging you every few seconds to complete your objectives. Besides that, every mission last about 15 minutes, it's designed towards having you play the same mission multiple times. All in all, I don't like it.Multiplayer mode, since I can only play with AI bots, all I can say is the only mode that captures my interest is the 4v4 Dominion mode. The others, 2v2, 1v1...etc. are boring as hell and it heavily depending on what character class your partner AI bot will be using in 2v2 matches. If they are using some squishy assassin type character, they will die extremely fast, leaving you to fend off 2 opponents alone. On the other hand, if they are the tank shield baring type, you can count on them winning the fight. So yes, the AI balance is not done too well.After a while you'll start to memorize the AI routine and will be able to exploit their weakness, for example, they don't pay attention to ledges at all, so you can easily knock them out of the map if you wanted. They also tends to attack in predictable patterns,  giving you opportunities to parry their attack if you remember their combo. So if you are planning to get this game to play solo or coop against AI, then don't bother, you will get bored very fast."
76561198163942794,Not Recommended,304390,30005588,Posted: 18 February,all,Deathnote,its broken game multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥at time because i does not work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant even refund it because i played 4hours .......
76561197973490906,Not Recommended,304390,34909859,Posted: 12 September,all,General MAD,you need to nerf the centurian stop taking my stamina for being hit its stupid
76561198179672234,Not Recommended,304390,29921408,Posted: 14 February,all,Profile,Recovering Gameplay State.Synchronizing...
76561198074124041,Not Recommended,304390,29968862,Posted: 16 February,all,YouCantJippaTheDippa,Pretty much chivalry with a graphical update. Not worth 60$ definetly.
,Recommended,304390,30243170,Posted: 28 February,all,PoppedHavoc,"For Honor is an awesome game that gets you addicted very fast, is it worth that asking price? Absoulutely, is it worth buying the season pass? Well that's up to you if you have the money but tbh no because of the dlc being completely free.Anyways, the tactical action combat is the best around and it feels especially rewarding when you get an execution or if you manage to 1v2, the story mode is alright and you get invested into the characters and the lore quite fast but you could get a little dissapointed because of the cliffhanger ending...no spoilers.The downside of For Honor is the p2p system that gets pretty annoying when you suddenly get disconnected from a game you're winning but tbh this happens rarely, atleast for me. Another downside if your a salty gamer is the people that have a maxed gear score of 108 and keep spamming the revenge mode, this means that they can easily 4v1 you if you just keep attacking them without using tactics but keep in mind the game is called For Honor so if you don't want them to get revenge 1v1 them. Another thing that could be bad if you hate slow progression in games is the game currency, Steel. It takes quite a while to farm up some Steel so that you can buy weapon and armor crates or even upgrade your current armor, so use it wisely and wait till you're reputation 3, because that's where the rare and epic gear is hidden.In conclusion, For Honor is an awesome game that keeps you coming back to it even if you're telling yourself that the game sucks. The combat is one of a kind and it never gets boring or repetetive. The feeling after winning a 1v1 or even a 4v4 game is unique and the rewards you get makes you want to play even more.So if you like a game which is a combo between Chivalry and Mortal Kombat then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,304390,30046658,Posted: 19 February,all,Sponsored by Colgate,Would be a 9/10 without a peacekeeper.
76561198192862067,Not Recommended,304390,32710654,Posted: 23 June,all,MY PENIS!!!,i cant even enter the game and when i can i cant enter a match and when i can i disconnect and when i dont i moderately enjoy the experience
76561198004328174,Not Recommended,304390,30291203,Posted: 3 March,all,Soda Pop,Love waiting in line? Love getting kicked once you do enter a game? Love lousy connections and pvp latency issues? Then this is the game for you!
,Not Recommended,304390,30962045,Posted: 5 April,all,I Legally Blind,i was born 1978 and i am still trying to find a game
76561198010117380,Not Recommended,304390,30088095,Posted: 21 February,all,Reezo,"This game is not worthy 60€ Since there are microtransactions in game, it should be free to play.Single player is bad, becouse it force you to play what you dont want to play. Story is realy weak and dont make any senceMultiplayer need more balancing. For example Vikings are realy OP (maybe thats why most players play vikingWhat a waste of money. Most stupid gating rules i ever saw in games. Damn this game, forces newbies to figts reputation 15. I wish i could just refund this piece of crap."
76561198056478449,Not Recommended,304390,34916977,Posted: 13 September,all,Aegisturtle,THEY MADE IT SO THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONQUERER COULDN'T SPAM HIS RAH EMOTES. ALL THE POOR BOY HAD WAS HIS MEMES. HOW DARE YOU CASTRATE THE CONQUERER UBI.  #NOTMYCONQUERER #BRINGBACKTHERAH
76561198087200575,Not Recommended,304390,29970933,Posted: 16 February,all,Stormbringer,Multiplayer just doesn't work
76561198064045452,Recommended,304390,31859171,Posted: 20 May,all,J.P,"I really don't understand why this game gets as much hate as it does, I rarely write reviews for any games but after looking at all the negativity this game has gotten I figured i'd chuck in my few cents.So basically this game is at its core a Fighting game, it essentially is a Hybrid between a Fighting game and your standard Multiplayer options, such as Team Deathmatch - Skirmish, Domination - Dominion - Elimination - 4v4 with one life and then your Fighting game modes like 2v2 and 1v1.The fighting mechanics are quite unique and it can be very engaging trying to outsmart your opponent and adjusting to their playstyle, learning new techniques you can string together and of course can be very satisfying if you come up against a decent player and manage to win the fight.The problems lie mostly with connection issues and the way certain people like to troll and cheese, however this can be countered once you learn the pattern and how to adjust to people who play like this, but it will still be frustrating when you come across these kind of players, and really these type of players are in every game.As for the connection issues I find that the majority of the time its perfectly fine, I rarely get disconnected or have any problems, sometimes it will have to re-adjust mid-match but its not really a big deal, and it will probably be improved down the road, as it already looks like it has since season 2.The game itself like I said is very unique and if you like a difficult game with a large learning curve then I would urge you to give this game a shot.Story mode is also quite fun, has a different feel to multiplayer and isn't just multiplayer modes in a story setting, I would of liked the campaign to be abit longer not gonna lie, but overall I did enjoy playing it and it has quite abit of replay value due to the fact you can find crates, steel and emblem pieces to use for multiplayer, it can also be COOP with a friend.As for the Season Pass, this has been something alot of people have moaned about and it is another thing I do not understand, as unlike other games, such as Call of Duty, Battlefield or anything with a season pass, instead of giving any DLC exclusively to season pass owners and splitting the community and forcing you to fork out more money to obtain the DLC.This game has done it like Rainbow Six, where if you get the Season Pass, you will get access to things sooner, and you won't have to pay for the new characters or anything with Ingame currency, which I might add can be a fair bit, on top of that you get free champion status from time to time as i did at the beginning of Season 1 and 2, I chose to get the Season pass to support the game and because i wanted to get 110% out of it and I personally don't regret it.But anyway, thats my opinion of the game, as you can see i've gotten alot of hours in and definitely got my moneys worth, I hope this review helps atleast one of you to give this game abit of a chance."
76561198151403486,Not Recommended,304390,31828595,Posted: 18 May,all,Zkero,I like when i play 1v1 or 4v4 games i always gets someone like 70 lvl more then me. the  game dosent let you win.Btw server's is more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ then minecraft server's.I hate it but i love it.
,Not Recommended,304390,30003011,Posted: 18 February,all,Kobo,This game is like mortal kombat in third person. Once you get combos down you are unstopalbe. It's a shame that this game doesn't have dedicated servers. When you are a host you have a huge advantage and timeing is key. Peer to peer is not stable and I wouldn't reccomend this game because you are paying 60$ for an decent story and an urealiable multiplayer expirence. You will rage when you get connected with someone that has a horrible connection. Your timeing will be off and lots of your hits will miss.
,Not Recommended,304390,30132558,Posted: 23 February,all,Kaerakh,"Everyone really wants to like this game, and it really is a good game and concept at its core.The problem is that, per usual, Ubishaft drops it at the 1 yard line.The peer to peer networking is highly exploitable and frequently allows for desynchs to happen that drastically favor one player over another. (IE you guard break someone and they lean back stunned and immdiately the game snaps back to you having already suffered a light attack, or even buttons just straight up stop working).Edit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38sPNZ8QHO4The balancing is lack luster, both in practice of their process and in actual fact. Certain characters are straight up useless(Shugoki, Valkyrie, Raider), others are completely untouchable(Peacekeeper, Orochi, Warlord), and the rest have to rely on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ predictable gimmicks in order to be effective. They also rammed the only game mode that wasn't in beta for feedback and testing down our throats as soon as the game launched.Yet another Ubishaft game that has inadequate anti-cheat software(Think that's like 4 in a row now? And it's not like they don't know it happens R6Siege finally has anti-cheat 1 whole year later). Go look up the Auto Block Bot. Go ahead my review will be here when you get back. - Now, assuming you saw one of the dozens and dozens of videos advertising it, that pretty much says everything that I need to say without any further additions.Now all of that said, I really like the game itself. I have a lot of fun when everything works fine, the problem is it's worse than a 50/50 flip on whether or not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ code and poor design choices ♥♥♥♥ up your experience. Give it a year for them to silently admit they ♥♥♥♥ed up like with R6Siege or pass this game up. Don't get locked into a pyrrhic purchase like I did."
,Not Recommended,304390,31813455,Posted: 17 May,all,[C4Ke] Autumn 🍰,Cancer in it's purest form
,Not Recommended,304390,29945159,Posted: 15 February,all,WW,I can't even log into the game (using pc) ! crap♥♥♥♥♥developer ! this could be a good as long as it stops using ubisoft
76561197960651343,Not Recommended,304390,33664360,Posted: 19 July,all,barkbell,ubisoft forgot to make this game interesting
,Not Recommended,304390,30247389,Posted: 28 February,all,Komp,"-Online-only even in single-player campaign-P2W-style with the player being able to buy steel to get cosmetics, Champion Mode, and crates while purposely butchering player income with only 600 steel from dailies, and barely 20 steel per match-♥♥♥♥ING P2P CONNECTION IN ♥♥♥♥ING 2017 BY A ♥♥♥♥ING AAA COMPANY WHO HAS THE NERVE TO CHARGE US 60 DOLLARS ALREADY-Zero achievements-Ubisoft-THREE (3) SERVER CRASHES IN ONE ♥♥♥♥ING DAY+Can make weebs cryThis company is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke tbh"
,Not Recommended,304390,34395830,Posted: 21 August,all,Maccers,"FOR A BRIEFER SUMMARY SCROLL TO BOTTOM :)After playing just over 32 hours I have come to the conclusion thatI cannot recommend this game to anyone. I started playing For Honor in the most recent free weekend. After playing this game for about 6 hours on the free weekend I decided to buy the Gold Edition of the game (as it was on offer and i thought it was worth the £35 i paid.) I started playing very late in season 2. I decided to main an Orochi, a somewhat hard class, but I enjoyed it. I found myself constantly winning on the Dominion gamemode topping the charts. I soon was able to prestige my orochi.At first this was not a problem as I was still being matched against people at my skill level. However, once the latest update came out and Season 3 started. I began to see myself match up against people who are wayyyy above my skill level (for example I was put on a team with 3 tank 2 myslef and a rank 20 whereas the other team had 3 players above the rank of 20. I found this to be extremly iritating and rage enducing.After around 5 hours playing in season 3 and receiving loss after loss, I decided to cool off a bit and put teh game aside for a day or two. When i returned to the game I found myself not being able to connect to games what-so-ever. The only thing I could do in the meantime was play the story-mode which I enjoyed until I got to the viking part of teh story-mode at whihc point i started to get bored and wanted to start fightinh against real people and not bots.I tried to join an online dominion game and of course I cant join anygames. AFter about half an hour of not being able to connect to a single game I gave up. Once again I stopped playing for a bit. I returned today (21/08/17) and I can still no longer join any games. I have decided to give up with this game once I see the server issues being resloved.A breifer summary :)*season 2*- end of season 2 I really enjoyed the game (hardly any issues with conncections)- loved the characters (even the harder ones to play)- ranked up with Orochi- no issues with matching with my skill group*season 3*- started to get matched with people way above skill level- began to get extremely frustated (I even broke my controller and headset)- can no longer connect to a single game- storymode is boring is too easy unless playing on realistic (which then is rage-enducing)- I dont like teh fact that you can pay to get better gear*edit - I understand that the game is not PTW, I just wanted to put this in the review to see if others agreed with what I said*I seriously do not recommend this game unles you want to end up smashing your head against a wall :)I completely agree with what you have to say about the PTW part of my 'review' as to why I put a question mark next to thePTW statement, however I feel what I was trying to say about storymode did not come across how I wanted it to. Some things I will stick by though are the fact that the servers are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥(for example I wont be able to connect to games for a long time, and once I do actually get into a game I get disconnected half-way through.) Another thing I will stick by is that i get put against peaple who are way above my skill level and I feel that it should not take up to 300 hours (as someone has stated in thier comment) to be put with the right skill level... So untill the servers are fixed (which im sure they said they are fixing them) and the ranking system is properly sorted I cannot recommend this game. :) I hope I have cleared everything up !END OF RANT"
,Not Recommended,304390,29949638,Posted: 15 February,all,Tekno Destructo,"This game is great! if you don't mind getting disconnected all the time or getting kicked due to inactivity IN THE MIDDLE OF A DAMN FIGHT! I like the game, don't get me wrong, but zomg the disconnection issues are insane!"
76561197972231605,Not Recommended,304390,30732453,Posted: 25 March,all,Grozny,"Game designers have made tremendous job! The game looks beautiful, but the gameplay lacks idea. The game has no spirit and looks simply dull."
,Not Recommended,304390,30003766,Posted: 18 February,all,fleas,another broken game by ubisoft. I really feel sad for the developers who worked hard to get this unique game only to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the way it was handled
,Not Recommended,304390,30004815,Posted: 18 February,all,Rob Schneider is The Stapler !,"100mb fibre optics, constantly getting disconnected out of matches, well done ubisuck on those dedicated servers, ohh wait...."
,Recommended,304390,34131779,Posted: 9 August,all,Zoboomafoo,"I absolutely love this game. It's a change of pace from just about every other game, it has a learning curve, it is a challenge (which is mostly why people some don't enjoy it), and it is unique and fun.I reccomend that you try this game if you are even the slightest bit of interested in it. You WILL decide if you enjoy this game within the first 2 hours of playing the multiplayer. If you don't like it, refund it and get your money back. If you do like it, then welcome to the community of salt and memes :)"
,Not Recommended,304390,33808659,Posted: 26 July,all,nirhamer17,stay away from this game has great potential but turned out to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥community has to be worst community i ever seen in my life season 2 is about to end and still there's a lot of balancing issues connction is terribul still no rank mode at this point i wish i never bought this game be wornd if u buy this game intinonly opning yourself to the worst cummunity ever found stay away! for your own good youv been WAREND!
,Recommended,304390,29937897,Posted: 15 February,all,ZiggieFred,"I get why some pleople hate on this game. I just want to say that if you can deal with some matchmaking issues - this game is really great. Combat system is skilled based with steep learning curve, classes are different in both their playstyle and diffuculty. Graphics are nice too. I just love this game. And yes, sometimes it's frustrating to play because of some problems, but I am sure Ubisoft will fix the issues.For people who are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about Season Pass as being some kind of moneygrab - stop spreading your nonsense. You can play the game without it. When new maps and new heroes are released, you can get it without the Season Pass. All maps are free and all heroes can be unlocked with in-game currency. Season Pass is just a shortcut pretty much (just like in Rainbow Six Siege)."
76561198185094087,Not Recommended,304390,29919193,Posted: 14 February,all,PSYЯEN,"Product not yet ready for launch - pun intended due to it not being able to launch.Months of notice and it still is a problem.On the positive note, this game is fun. Luckily beta was out for the PS4 for me to enjoy.Competition, gore, & a smooth combat system when it comes to melee militaristic melee combat.Lets hope the owners polish this gem for many to enjoy.For now I'll leave it at a thumbs down. Until further notice."
76561198069118832,Recommended,304390,30300499,Posted: 3 March,all,Gooby,"Good game with awesome graphics.It's fun to play and it's not getting boring in any way so far.Only thing which i annnoying are the servers sometimes, but that is. fine if you have fun with the game."
76561198134896732,Not Recommended,304390,31982184,Posted: 26 May,all,Goochosaurus,Lets just say i'd rather buy buy 60 Snickers.
76561198115200740,Recommended,304390,31636475,Posted: 8 May,all,Vcxzy gamdom.com CSGOBlocks.com,"This game is hard to get into and have fun. BUT once you get the moves down, its amazing."
76561198254352076,Recommended,304390,31911676,Posted: 22 May,all,Pat Sajak,"What if I told you For honor is not the terrible game some of the reviews make it out to be?Here's the deal: Most of the people who write bad reviews for this game have only put in a few hours. They complain about op characters. They complain about the grind to buy crates and get new gear. They complain that they can never get a connection. These people are silly.Ubi is working on patching the characters. They are doing so at a reasonable pace. Three days after they discovered a problem with the new Centurion character, a patch came out to fix it. They're also diverting all their resources to trying to fix the defensive meta, and I don't even have much of an issue with that because most of the people who play this game are still bad at it. You only encounter that problem in really high level play.You don't have to grind for crates,there's no pay wall that prevents you from getting good gear. The campaign gives you several of these crates for free. The advanced tutorial gives you enough currency to buy three characters before you even play an online game. Ubi gives free crates and premium time (which you can also buy with free currency) for people who return for events. There is some of a grind, but its not nearly as bad as other thing's I have played like Warframe or War Thunder. Events and Orders (challenges that refresh every 2 days) even appear to make the grind faster, and the orders were made really easy a few patches ago.It literally only takes a maximum of 2 minutes of waiting to get into a match. The people who complain probably have a terrible internet connection. I have only ever disconnected from a few matches, it has not happened to me for several weeks. People who are still using a 56k modems just want servers so they can lag around like in Dark Souls III.If you have any questions about this game, I'll answer them. Friend me and ask away.I'm willing to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game, because there are some problems with it, but they are being worked on. I genuinely don't understand some of these bad reviews. If you do buy the game, don't complain in the first 50 hours."
,Not Recommended,304390,29966280,Posted: 16 February,all,gjFhEYs,"season pass, pay to win epic gear, bad connectionsgo buy chivalry"
76561197979078602,Recommended,304390,31639962,Posted: 8 May,all,Sixth-Venom,Great game! Connection could be better though.Hard game to learn!
76561198031981967,Not Recommended,304390,29937203,Posted: 15 February,all,dilosmonotolcoltsaurus20,"p2p, microtrans, and denuvo"
,Not Recommended,304390,30001060,Posted: 17 February,all,Jmt660,"Let me start by saying that the game is fun, but thats all it has. This game uses peer to peer conections insted of dedicated servers causing upwards of over a minute loading times for an online match, not to mention lots of host migration and disconnection. The social party system is also broken and you have to reivite your friends after every other match because of the party disbandeding by it self. This game also struggles in the user interface, it is buggy and frustrating to navagate. Not to mention the ridiculous $60 price tag with microtransactions and a $40 season pass.Overall 3/10Gameplay 8/10User Interface 2/10Server Quality 1/10Party System 2/10Price Tag 0/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,29915286,Posted: 13 February,all,Blood eye Miata,"THE GAME IS GREAT BUT IT HAS BUGS THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥YOUR EXPIRIENCE|ok, while the game is a ♥♥♥♥ing gem with the combat and looks, its a nightmare to get a party with your friends, i for example cant get invited to any party of my 7 friends, and can only invite 2 of them, sometimes, i have alot of bugs due my 5.1 audio, even disabling it did not help, and im unable to hear dialogs, the story driven campaing feels empty, it  just seems like a quirk, everything is really good, but i cant play with my friends, and the single player is like 10% of this game, i wouldnt recomend it if this♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt fixed"
76561198046826021,Not Recommended,304390,29929733,Posted: 14 February,all,Deems,"The game itself is much fun, but the connection/server system is horrible. It's like Assassin's Creed Brotherhood multiplayer all over again."
,Recommended,304390,29990390,Posted: 17 February,all,cranberrykitty,"People are mostly negative reviewing this game for its ""bad"" connectivity (which I haven't really experienced even living in the country, and poor balancing. The balancing in this game feels fantastic, just because people are bad at the game they are lowering the overall rating of it. Solid 8/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,31151541,Posted: 15 April,all,Truri,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥gaem
76561198262727363,Not Recommended,304390,33830527,Posted: 27 July,all,Freecon,"The game was amazing first, awesome community, good, original idea. And a few patches later the community swarms to anything that is just a bit OP, the game becomes worse and worse. I've had my hopes for this game, even when people told me it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really did. But after a long time of hoping that SOMETHING would change, that they would understand that this is going in the worst direction it could go, nothing has been fixed, for every good thing they removed, 2 new ""features"" were added.Plain OP characters never got nerved, because they ""needed more data"", so the community (the only thing i have a bit of hope with) started collecting examples of OP, broken things. A lot of things. Still nothing changed.I've had my hopes, I've had my fun, but this game took it, and did nothing with it. I'm sorry that im writing this now, I wanted that this game would become the game it promised it would be, yet it became the game I hoped it never would be.I hope that one day they'll realise that it won't work like this, and that they'll fix things. For the game, for the community, and for the sake of gaming. This isn't normal, don't act like it is."
,Not Recommended,304390,29924830,Posted: 14 February,all,spudro[我是爱肏狗],NAT and DENUVOFix it!!!
76561197960591181,Recommended,304390,30367320,Posted: 6 March,all,2Chivalrous,"Surprised to see a lot of mixed feedback for this game, wanted to throw in my two cents.Let me start by saying I didn't follow the development. I wasn't on any hype train. Tried the beta, liked it. Bought it. Have enjoyed it very very much, and think I've put a good 40 hours in now.For me personally, and for the group of friends who bought the game, connectivity has simply not been a big issue. I've been kicked maybe once since I started played, though I do see people drop from games relatively often. It is an issue, but one that doesn't make the game unplayable or significantly diminished in quality.The community is relatively split between decent people who want to have fun and want you to have fun and the occasional toxic player, tryhard player, etc. This is true of any community that involves a keyboard and directly tests your mettle.There are a lot of playmodes available at varying sizes. If you want duels, they're there, if you want 4v4 team fights, they're there.The overall game balance for the vast majority of the player base is good. Some classes are frustrating to play against (I'm looking at you PK!) but almost everything has reasonable counters and reasonable ""toolboxes"" to draw from. From my understanding, the very best players tend to disturb balance -- at that bracket, warlord, warden, and PK seem to stand out. The chances that your average player who hasn't been a lifelong fighting game player will ecnounter those specific issues are fairly low IMO. If your fundamental skills are superior to your opponent, there is a very good chance you'll succeed regardless of class (Parrying, blocking reliably, GB and GB interrupting, etc).Matchmaking is fair -- a lot of people really desperately complain about gear score and insta-revenge and, yes, to some degree it can be a problem when any 2v1 flips revenge on. However, revenge is relatively easy to play around with two people (depending on class). Throwing in GB's, shoves, etc, can counter it effectively, as well as dodging and simply blocking your opponent. The core issue with a game like for honor is that even if the enemy team has one player who is signficantly better than your team, things can get very swingy and steam rolly off the back of that one player.Thus far my review seems fairly washy, I would say -- the game has real issues. However, I am comfortable truly endorsing this game.The core game mechanics are fantastic. This type of gameplay is vastly different than anything else I've ever experienced and to some degree feels like how a real battle between equally armed and skilled combatants might play out. The environment is a huge part of game play, position matters, the psychology of you and your opponent play a huge role in how your battle and strategy will develop and even though each class has a specific tool kit, there is a lot of variation in playstyle you'll see against varying players (some less than others, unfortunately, for instance, Lawbringers have basically one very effective combo chain and that's about it).The game needs a lot of balancing, fine-tuning, and generally speaking more of a focus on offense. As it stands, the most effective paths to victory often stem from playing as defensively as possible -- which is a problem for a game based on smashing each other to death.There is tremendous potential in this title and despite all of the issues I've described (and others I'm sure I've forgotten) I've had a ton of fun with this game. Visually it's amazing, the animations are smooth and perfect and feel visceral. The classes and cultures draw from authentic sources, but aren't afraid to add in dashes of fantasy. The sound design is great, the battlefields are impressive. I'm out of stuff to say.I'm gettin' too Chivalrous for this♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10, would recommend, may reach 10/10 with time and love from it's Dev's (who have proven themselves quite responsive thus far)."
,Recommended,304390,29938033,Posted: 15 February,all,SweetBlackNuts,"Okay, so this review is kinda a solid review for this game and a little rant for the negative reviews.First of all, why the hell are there nothing but negative reviews on the most helpful review page, huh?Most of these people literally haven't played the game enough, I mean I have only played 3 hours while writing this review and holy ♥♥♥♥ this game could easily be the top 5 games of 2017. EASILY.Most of ya'll complaining and the servers and thinking that this game is pay to win? Lmao, it really isn't. Trust me on that.First, this game has literally only came out not too long ago, this is the second day of launch. Of course there might be connection issues. Does that mean you put a negative review? Absolutely not. I have had no problems fo far. Remember when that crappy overrated game came out called Pokemon GO. That game was down for literally 3 whole weeks, did that get negative reviews? Lmao, no it didn't.As for the ""pay-to-win omg it might aswell be free-to-play"", are you serious bruh? Have you seen the custom items you get? They BARELY buff your hero up or anything. Each item will slightly increase a certain perk and decrease another. Example; 'Gold Chains' +3 durabilty -2.5 attack speed. Whereas there was Battlefield 4, where you could literally instantly unlock ALL the guns and everything for a class by paying. Now that is pay-to-win, did anyone care about that? Nope, everyone loved that game still.Anyway, enough of that. This game is ♥♥♥♥ING LIT AF. Chopping peoples heads off as never been the same as it is on this game. EVER. It is so freaking amazing.There is a great combat system, each hero from each faction all have different styles so it can be hard to master which one is which in order to be able to fight them. You are able to stun people, parry them or just go straight in and slice and dice with the revenge mode.The soliders are a ton of fun to wipe out and help your soldiers push forward to dominate the map.The classes are all fun to play as, just hard to find your preferred one since they are all completely different from one another.The campaign is alright, not the best I'd say. There is barely a story to it, it is just straight up war because the factions ""do not trust each other' or something like that.The game is greatly optimzed. I play with a GTX 970 with a i5 4690k at a solid 80fps maxed out. Around 30-50fps on 4K. I am slight very impressed about this, if I even overlocked this rig I could be playing at a stable 60fps on 4K which is even golden.Now the only problem with this game is, it can be annoying when your team sucks and you literally get 4v1'd everytime. Trust me, there is literally no change to can block 3 swing blunt weapons towards your face at the same time. So you might aswell only go for one person and hope for the best.I rate this game a solid 9/10"
76561198051961563,Recommended,304390,30062054,Posted: 20 February,all,My downloads are 20 hours long,"Honestly, ignore all the bad reviews. I don't get why everyone is screaming ""P2P IS♥♥♥♥♥♥REEEE"", i've had zero problems with hit-scan in game. The only gripes about this game that i have are the occasional match kicking when the host leaves, but aside from that the game is chock-full of lore-driven gameplay and amazing battles. If you're desperate, and love games like this, pick it up for the full 60 and you won't regret it"
,Not Recommended,304390,30391296,Posted: 8 March,all,YW,"In term of the game play and content, the game is great!I will give it a thumb up without hesitation.But in term of connection performance, it is definitely a thumb down!I have played this game since CB & OB.The game has great connection back then, without all these so called ""user side connection issue"".I had the same green NAT when I play the game back then and right now.Guess what! I get match disconnect error when i try to join a match that I have not joined yet.Get disconnected when some one quit the game.Get hang in the game when someone quit the game and it try to connect the rest of us back to the game.All these mention connection issue has happen so much more compare to CB & OB.I stopped playing PVP games since week 2 as i discover, the more people you have in the game, the higher the chance you get connection error.The game has a very poor AFK system, I can't even play an AI Dominion game with seeing people AFK farming now.So I can't play PVP because of connection issue and I can't enjoy my AI game due to AFK farming.Feels like I got my money totally wated.Good job UBI, this might be last time I will ever buy your game!"
76561198143114178,Not Recommended,304390,30304287,Posted: 3 March,all,PaPoPiPoPePa,This is the first time I have the urge to write a review for a gameEverything is good if you don't mind crash or disconnected for million of times and that's literally all the timefak this shet : )
76561198005452740,Not Recommended,304390,30154134,Posted: 24 February,all,Xacuuu,Can't win 1v1 duels cause of getting matched up against prestige 1-2 from the beginning.Awfull expierence
,Not Recommended,304390,30304905,Posted: 3 March,all,Tunguen,"Great graphics. Smooth playing. Interesting and adictive gameplay. Really nice desings. But...-Game crashes almost all the time: on starting screen; during a game; when u finish a game; when u leave a game; etc.-Connecting problems everywhere and everytime. If u are not getting disconnected, maybe your teammates are, or (if u are lucky) your rival, killing the moment u just pictured with the nice graphics and atmosphere.-Unbalanced gear for those who choose to buy ""premium items"". U can get LEET items for money, boosting your Char to nearly 300% dmg/hp/attributes if u mix them right. U can play a month to get loot for free, earn Rep the old school way and then get beated down with 3 hits from a guy with ""pay to win"" gear; and if u wanna match him in gearlvl u need a lot more time playing to reach his gear lvl without using real money. Very unfair.Its just another Ubifost game; dont spec them to fix the problems or lower the price, couse they wont. EA, Ubisfot, Activision, Origin: they just want your Money.Anyway, if u want it anyway u will enjoy the 10hs Single Player campaing, u will enjoy learning your Char moves in the Multiplayer Matchmaking and u will quit playing the game in a few months.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Excelentes graficos; buenisima ambientacion; buena jugabilidad y movimientos suaves. Pero...-El juego se cuelga en numerosas etapas: al iniciar el juego, al salir del juego, al entrar a una partida o al salir; durante la partida, etc.-Problemas de conexion en casi todas las partidas: o te desconecta a vos, o se desconecta un compañero y si tenes algo de suerte se desconecta un rival, matando por completo el climax q la grafica y la ambientacion del juego proporcionan al principio.-Equipamiento muy desbalanceado. Los items q recibes en el juego a partir de nivel 20 superiores son muy inferiores a los q se pueden comprar con dinero real. Para alcanzar ese item lvl deberias de jugar varios meses para conseguir tales drops. Por ende, podes jugar un mes entero y conseguir gear aceptable, solo para morir de 3 golpes en manos de un jugador nuevo q compro gear con dinero real.A igual destreza e igual tiempo de juego entre dos jugadores, ganara el q tenga Items comprados.Es un juego mas de Ubisoft, lleno de bugs y de ""PAGA EXTRA PARA TENER MAS CONTENIDO"", no esperes q lo arreglen o q le bajen el precio pronto, por q le van a sacar el jugo como hacen siempre. Ubifost, EA, Activision, Origin: a ninguna le interesa el gaming, les interesa solo tu dinero.Un juego aceptable. Compralo si queres disfrutar una campaña de un jugador de 10hs; sorprenderte al aprender los movimientos de tu personaje en multiplayer y dejar de jugarlo por la falta de contenido a los pocos meses.--------------------------------------Paso un mes desde q salio el juego y sigue pareciendo una Beta. No recomiendo q lo compren."
76561198230570976,Not Recommended,304390,30271736,Posted: 1 March,all,NOTMLG_SadL1fe 360_SADSCOPE,"Dear Ubisoft,I have alwasy been a supporter, I bought many of your games. Including rainbow six siege and Assassin's creed. You've  have the best games.  But you really have to improve you gaming platform for multiplayers.  And your server issues.  There has been constant server repairing and players being disconnected for having bad connection... I really hope you can fix this."
76561197978794186,Not Recommended,304390,30299650,Posted: 3 March,all,[MAYO] Grundle Plunder,"Game does not work.Now friends, I know what you must be thinking, how does a full priced game not work?  Well this is a drunk full price special.  You buy the game for full price, hell 100 if ya like and we'll throw in broken guard break, and broken guard break counters.Seriously though, matchmaking for multiplayer has a 50/50 chance of working.  Which wouldn't be terrible if there wasn't a 50/50 chance of being disconnected in the middle of a round.  Also, the ""Campaign"" is multiplayer vs Ai with a THIN varnish between the two.  You might say, ""Hey, isn't that what all Campaign modes are?""  and you'd be right, except where other campaigns show off new and varying locations and missions, For Honor offers neither.  ""But hey, at least you can play campaign when there servers are down right?""  Again, no, for what ever reason, when the servers are down, so is Solo play.So, I have not much more to say aside from how frustrating this game is.  For Honor will have you throwing your controller like Dark Souls, except for all of the wrong reasons..PS.  You HAVE to install some 3rdware Ubishit nonsense to play as well.PPS FIX THE GUARD BREAKPPPS DON'T TELL ME ""They did fix it man, chill""  NO.  THEY.  DID.  NOT."
76561198060864037,Not Recommended,304390,30200246,Posted: 26 February,all,Tamnier,"I LOVE the game. But I HATE everything else about itI hate- The garbage servers- Frequent bugs and disconnects (VERY FREQUENT)- Unbalanced matchmaking system- Microtransactions in a SIXTY DOLLAR GAME with a 40 DOLLAR SEASON PASS- Pay to win gear for the most fun modes (Dominion, Elimination)- Slow and unresponsive dev team that doesn't patch or implement anything or even address any concerns from its fanbaseI thought i could tolerate all this garbage because in honesty the game is VERY fun.  But NO, I changed my positive review into a negative one because I got a main daily quest for ELIMINATION AI and it keeps putting me into SKIRMISH QUEUE and I haven't been able to get into a game for THIRTY MINUTES because fk u ubisoft. Ur servers are garbage, Ur spaghetti code is garbage, and ur greed disgusts me.  I'm at my wits end.  I will never buy an ubisoft game again."
,Recommended,304390,29960016,Posted: 16 February,all,Geralt of Rivia,"I've played the game for quite a while now and I must say, I like it alot. I'm gonna keep this very simple... in my opinion the campaign is good, the only thing that doesn't make it great is♥♥♥♥♥♥ai and voice acting. I remember playing against bots in closed beta and they were really good and smart. But everytime I jump on singleplayer the ai is completly♥♥♥♥♥♥ they don't even attack. The voice acting is horrible, it feels like you're watching some cheesy♥♥♥♥♥fantasy movie.Many people have encountered connection issues in online mode, thus far I haven't had any problems. The combat is simply awesome. I'd rate this game a 75/100"
76561198113109464,Not Recommended,304390,29927626,Posted: 14 February,all,S4udz,"♥♥♥♥♥game, really bad matchmaking even worser than Rainbow six siege, and connection losts still not fixed...... port forward to play properly, why is this even 60$? dont buy now"
,Not Recommended,304390,30931939,Posted: 3 April,all,theMAn,"Yeah, don't get it. 40% of people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about stuff. 50% are people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about other people ♥♥♥♥♥ing. The rest actually try to enjoy the game, except they can't because the servers are horrible."
,Not Recommended,304390,30869477,Posted: 31 March,all,@Cinnamon,For Error
76561198074693303,Not Recommended,304390,30517100,Posted: 14 March,all,TonyBennassi,"Poor matchmaking system, game crash often. Not for casual cause you play with people with 10x your lvl.When you play in group, the group is often disbanded because people didnt check ready,  common."
76561198065040789,Not Recommended,304390,30741218,Posted: 25 March,all,TERROR,"If only this game wasn't controlled by Ubisoft, man it would be a successful game. But no, instead the innovative fighting mechanics, gameplay, and wonderful visuals get ruined by constant disconnects, bugs, glitches, large unfixed hero unbalances, and ridiculously stupid gear with OP stats in a fighting game crying out loud. Do yourself a favor and do not buy  this game unless Ubisoft gives up its death grip on this game. Oh and guess what you get when you have spent 1000hrs maining one hero and reach level 30 prestige, a♥♥♥♥♥♥color scheme. A♥♥♥♥♥♥color scheme for your armor. Congrats. No thanks."
,Recommended,304390,30108067,Posted: 22 February,all,Randezar,"For Honor seems to be getting alot of hate for its P2P and connectivity issues. I will be putting what most of the negative reviews have to say at the start, in an effort to reduce eye strain.For Honor has microtransactions. For Honor has P2P. For Honor, for some people, has connectivity issues.There ya go. All the negative reviews summed up in 3 little sentences,Lets get onto why I recommend this game, starting with the counter arguments for the 3 sentences.For Honor's Microtransactions come in the form of ""steel"" the games currency, which can be readily acquired by grinding matches. This is not a case as in some other games where real money gives you real money points to buy things oyu can only buy for, yes, real money. This is not pay to win, as the things that you can buy with steel are either completely cosmetic, or, you have to play a single character, all the way to reputation 3 (read as prestige 3, if your familiar with COD) and only then can you get the ""best"" gear. Gear which only affect gameplay in the 4v4 game modes.TLDR: Microtransactions only pay for gear that actually means something, if you earn it to begin with. there is no pay to win.For Honor Uses a new type of P2P in which every ""user"" in a match is host. you can think of traditional P2P as one person has the crown, and everyone bows and offers their internet connection, if youve played Payday, youve heard of ""host privledges."" For Honor's P2P essentially makes everyone have a crown, and forces each player to connect with eachother. it then picks the ""median"" between all players, and that is what you experience. What this means for you is that if you have a good connection, you should be fine. if you dont, you will be miserable, and make every other person miserable.TLDR: P2P isnt an issue for most of the playerbase, but, if you arent in direct control of your internet connection IE a college campus, or a ""locked"" company issued router. you may have problems.For Honors ""infamous"" connection errors... This goes back to the P2P issue, but it seems as though some people are having issues with it even though their NAT type is open, have all the appropriate ports opened etc. I have not had any of these issues, nor have any of my friends. Unfortunately the ""works on my machine"" mentality works here."
,Recommended,304390,30119777,Posted: 23 February,all,Gregor the Goblin Shark,"A whole lot of fun if you like getting heavily into something. Single player is honestly a glorified tutorial but hardcore completionists will enjoy it somewhat for getting all the various icons and whatnot.Multiplayer is where the real meat is, the various gamemodes are very enjoyable and duels are a ton of fun especially if the other player is competent. Though getting killed by being thrown off a ledge or into a trap is always irritating.Again if it's the sort of thing you might just want to casually dip in and out of then it might not be for you given the very high learning curve especially with certain classes but people who stick with it should get some good mileage out of For Honor, especially if Ubisoft stick with giving a lot of post-release content and support.7.5/10"
76561198002560257,Not Recommended,304390,30270044,Posted: 1 March,all,Calimar,"Just another great game ruined by Ubisoft.The game itself is very fun. There are some gameplay issues that absolutely need to be sorted out (defense is too strong at higher levels of play, lv108 revenge builds rip through new players, reviving an ally to full health in 3 seconds, etc.) but overall the core of the game is great fun and I enjoy it a lot. The problem is that there are so many technical problems you can't expect to just turn on the game after a day of work and have fun for a few hours. There will be some sort of issue. You have to suffer through so much BS to enjoy the game that's beneath.There is lag in games. I've seen people rubberbanding but it's extremely rare. However, the issue of delayed inputs is much more prevalent and very frustrating in a game that demands quick reactions. There are frequent connection issues that will kick you out of games. There are a lot of questionable design decisions. For example, why am I removed from queue with a message informing me that the matchmaking system tried to place me into a full match? And then I need to dismiss the message and requeue? Why can't your system quietly acknowledge that joining failed and replace me into queue without user input? Why would you suddenly add the ""Quit to desktop"" option on the postgame screen with your most recent patch (and putting it as the last option in the list where ""Quit to map"" used to be)? Why is the faction war aspect of the game (a huge selling point that was hyped up) completely useless until the last day? (e.g., if faction A holds 99% of the territory every single day of a round but on the last day faction B suddenly holds 51% then faction B wins it all). Why is it that the guy who no-lifes 16 hours a day every single day receives the same amount of ""reward"" for participating in the faction war as some guy who played a single match? Why does getting to the enemy stronghold do literally nothing?I could go on and on but I'll stop there. The main point of my review is that this is a great game that could be made absolutely fantastic with a few gameplay tweaks. However, there are relentless connection issues and some seriously horrid design choices that ruin the experience. I have hated Ubisoft for a long time and avoided any game that they produce but this one looked so good I just had to give them another chance. Clearly that was a mistake. I will continue playing For Honor and hope that they sort out the issues but this was their last chance for me and I know now to avoid any Ubisoft game. Period."
76561198029155314,Not Recommended,304390,29927688,Posted: 14 February,all,VillageIdiot,This game shoves competitive play in your face and you have no other choice to simply enjoy yourself on this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30701626,Posted: 24 March,all,Krypto,"There's a lot to almost love in For Honor. The setting is exciting, it's core gameplay it well built, and just overall it's what SHOULD be a great gaming experience. However constant issues keep it from being what it could be, the biggest of which is poor class balance. It's almost unheard of for a fighting game to only have four characters be considered tournament viable, but here we are. Of those four characters, most tournaments are won by two of them.Even if you don't care about character tiers and balance, even if you just want to play casual and don't care about high level play, the constant disconnect issues and problems with gear make it not worth your time. I really wanted to love this game, and I couldn't."
,Not Recommended,304390,30617879,Posted: 19 March,all,Carl,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing cancer the match making is ♥♥♥♥ing trash the game play is ♥♥♥♥ing trash if you dont know what ur doing ur ♥♥♥♥ed you cant learn♥♥♥♥♥♥because of the bad match making DO NOT buy this game even if you did REFUND IT NOW this game is trash I wish i could refund it.
76561198103640106,Recommended,304390,31956670,Posted: 25 May,all,SilentMoss,"At launch this game was broken as heck, and I started to let it collect dust. But since the season 2 patch rolled in, I've actually started having fun again. A lot of people are complaining that the two new characters are broken but there are ways to beat each just like any character. There are still a lot of connection issues and the like, but I would recommend this game, if not as a ""wait for sale"" option.(I recommend purely because of the fun gameplay and control system. The option to pay for steel shouldn't be in a $60 game.)"
76561198100650881,Recommended,304390,30001248,Posted: 17 February,all,Phantomninja7,"The game is amazing!!! Yes it has some bugs and flaws, but I enjoy playing it must of the time. The combat mechanics are pretty solid, and the gameplay overall it's pretty good. The optimization is pretty good, and it looks awesome!! If you are looking  for some fresh air, I will totally recommend this game."
76561198101469502,Not Recommended,304390,33190304,Posted: 3 July,all,Photogenic Slav,It is an overly complicated fighting game that has massive balance issues please dont buy this game it is not by any mean good the multiplayer is decent but repetitive and the campaign is so bad i dont even want to talk about it pls dont buy this game.JUST ANOTHER UNFINISHED UBISOFT GAME
,Not Recommended,304390,30966672,Posted: 5 April,all,Curious George,"good premis, fun for a short period of time, microtransactions make it kinda pay to win, but too repetitive"
,Not Recommended,304390,30441648,Posted: 11 March,all,matmohair1,"wasted opportunity - good luck trying to start this mess! connection error > Returning > connection error > Returning > connection error ......Oh, Ubisoft!"
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,304390,30482343,Posted: 12 March,all,MoonLite,"Buy a controller, the mouse optimization for this game is super erractic and it has gotten worse since they patch it. If you don't want to be more frustrated on top of the numerous connection problem this game have."
76561198044017149,Not Recommended,304390,30483217,Posted: 12 March,all,Demon Ted,Broken and way to much money for the tiny amount of game you get
76561198004431099,Not Recommended,304390,30879812,Posted: 1 April,all,Master Gates,"The game's meta has completed its transformation into the full defensive, turtling state we find it in now. Parrying and countering guard breaks have become comically easy and the former leads to confirmed damage against the opponent. Whiff your parry attempt? That's okay, you can just cancel the heavy attack that presumably was supposed to open you up to some sort of fair punishment. The worst thing you can do in this fighting game is initiate an attack. Need I point out what is wrong with that?Couple this game's failed meta with a lack of developer support, balance patches, connectivity and d/c issues, and the mountain of content locked behind the in-game currency system (which, of course, is much more ethical to purchase than to grind for) and you have a botched attempt at what had the potential to be an amazing game. If you played the beta, you at least got to try the game before (what remains) of the community discovered as a whole that there is no reason to initiate an attack if you want to win. Now, I'd wait and see if ubisoft cares enough to fix their flawed AAA title before wasting the time and money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30459006,Posted: 11 March,all,Tosh,"""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""  Are you forking me?"
76561198157184421,Not Recommended,304390,30590133,Posted: 18 March,all,uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,Don't buy. Crashes and errors too much. Not worth it.
76561198015250974,Not Recommended,304390,30845740,Posted: 30 March,all,Sliven,"Ubisoft has the worst support ever. Bad, disapointing experince, hope to get a refund."
76561198113063220,Not Recommended,304390,30413027,Posted: 9 March,all,Cyrollius,"Ubisoft... FIX THE GAME. IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE HAS THOUGHT OF PURCHASING THE GAME YOU MAY BE ENTILED TO GETTING♥♥♥♥♥♥ON BY BROKEN AS MOVES BY SEVERAL CHARACTER, LAGGING OUT FROM P2P, OR GETTING THROWN OFF A LEDGE THAT YOU WERE 20 FT AWAY FROM. Don't buy the game now. Wait for Ubisoft to actually polish the game. They are showing effort to but the game is not worth 60$ with the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is in it. Just dont buy it now. Dont. Say yourself the time and effort becuase no matter how hype you were for this game or how much you love it. You will soon realise that the game is straight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t right now. It is not fun to play. Dont get me wrong, the mechanics are good, but eh people exploit the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of stupid moves and ledges. Do not buy untill further notice."
76561198067902620,Not Recommended,304390,30305567,Posted: 3 March,all,Marmite-Badger,"It was after the 13th time in a row that my character's back was broken by a Samurai tank that I decided that I will not be continuing with this game, as it's less balanced than my credit card."
76561198062536579,Not Recommended,304390,33313524,Posted: 6 July,all,Darth Raven,"This game could be great, but after every long wait finding games (mostly due to the low player pool), you might end up disconnect from the game. i feel like spending more time on searching for games to join rather than actually played the game.still hoping this game can be great in the future.review update. 16th Jul 2017losing hope for this game, waste of money. after the huge update recently. i can barely play a game for 2min before being disconnected from the game!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29940001,Posted: 15 February,all,{TM}Magicbro,I would gladly give this game 10/10 but Ubisoft has made certain game modes pay to win by letting people buy currency in the store.. Dominion is nothing but people spam stacking revenge items or full attack that 2-3 hits u thru blocks but sadly they had a amazing game until they had the p2w really love the game but till they remove the option to play with your gear in every game mode I can not give this a good review...
,Not Recommended,304390,31844274,Posted: 19 May,all,YkropO_o,"For HODOR in a nutshell:1.♥♥♥♥♥♥for season pass ( But hey, when they were any good? :) )2. Absolutly no balance in mp and no dedicated servers3. Solid gameplay is so deep under bugs and disbalance dont even bother looking for it.Dont waste your money, just go buy slightly better rainbow six or prey. HONESTLY DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,304390,29959824,Posted: 16 February,all,antony,"imagine buying a really nice car, but then every time you want to use it you have to wait atleast 10 mins, and then once you finally use it, you have a 90% chance to get kicked out of the car anytime youre on the road."
76561198154363113,Not Recommended,304390,30044777,Posted: 19 February,all,Zuto,"VAAS: ""Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change... That. Is. Crazy.""Get it together Ubisoft....."
76561198023970407,Not Recommended,304390,29994153,Posted: 17 February,all,LorenzoV,"The game is fun and the graphics are well optimized but you can pay to skip the game, buy a TON of silver at a cheap price (currency earned playing) for rare gear that have better stats and there is also a lot of disconnecting out during games.If you can overlook the multiple disconnections, unfair gear stats and unfair microtransactions (Like me) then I would highly recommend this but since most people cannot, I'll keep this as 'not recommended' for now.This game has a lot of potential to be so much more if only they'd fix the frequent issues that people are reporting."
,Not Recommended,304390,30283645,Posted: 2 March,all,Lokat,Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh wait. There's no servers...
,Not Recommended,304390,30933769,Posted: 3 April,all,jakeson,Connection problems destroy what would be an otherwise amazing game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30047223,Posted: 19 February,all,All Luck no Skill,"Here is my first ever review. Don't buy this yet, something shady is going on.Smoke effect is a lie. No email to inform that they've changed this. They'll probably find a way to get people to pay for this later down the line...(Just give people their♥♥♥♥♥♥that they paid for)1. Story is meh. Yes it get a meh (1.5/5) but this is mutiplayer focus so i guess it's fine???2. There's a micro/macro transaction in game asking for up to $150 aus and they still use Peer to Peer and no dedicated server.In-game transaction doesn't effect game play too much as the gear is balance/have a huge trade off and only effect dominion or 4v4.3. 1v1 and 2v2 have less connection issue. 8 people peer to peer is a joke.Try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥anyone off online cos people could easily get your home IP adress due to the use of peer to peer.4. There's some bug that could cos you some game. All class is pretty balance.5. Yes there's a top tier and low tier class just like any fighting game.6. You have to unlock ingame class for 500 steel. You get 3500 from basic and advance training.7. You need to spend time with your class and learn the match up to get good just like all fighting game.Won't recommend this untill they give us the smoke effect or just us something in return as we pay for 2 effect and only get 1.That's all."
76561197980804738,Not Recommended,304390,30223266,Posted: 27 February,all,wilkn'cookies,"After finishing the Story Mode I realized I couldnt even join a multiplayer game. It wouldnt even let me start a game with nothing but AI bots. Beautiful visuals and fun game mechanics but a complete waste of money if you cant even utilize half of the content this game ""offers"". Dissapointing to say the least."
76561198081510496,Not Recommended,304390,30517452,Posted: 14 March,all,Jeffrey Tambor,"I'm about to get an ace with Raider and then bam! ""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""5/10 Great gameplay but doesn't work for♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,304390,30517614,Posted: 14 March,all,DarkTyrant,"Dont buy this game until they fix the stuttering, disconnecting every 30 seconds and unbalanced matched. when this is fix the play will be so much better"
,Not Recommended,304390,30518361,Posted: 14 March,all,BlackenBit,This servers are porwered up with a potato.
76561198038742356,Not Recommended,304390,30187408,Posted: 25 February,all,Enigma88,"Games completely broken due to connectivity/stability issues. other-than playing solo campaign or custom game. any attempt at using multiplayer matchmaking/custom game coop/coop campaign  is met with a d/c and lag ratio that is about 80% of the games you'll join.I've had the chance to get in on some 4v4 game modes and omg..the pay to win gear + the connectivity issues..is this even a functioning/balanced game? I recommend vs. Bots solo or with friends for the 4v4 modes, otherwise you'll run into 100+ geared p2w's. (prestige doesn't matter) you'll never find a more unbalanced game anywhere, when it comes down to these 4v4's.I really thought the worst was behind me with releases like ""The Division"" taking nearly 6 months after release b4 it would properly function as intended. But this game is no different, im sure this game will be great some day..but I cannot recommend it as-is."
,Not Recommended,304390,30187432,Posted: 25 February,all,SiLvEr MaN,Can't recommend it tbqh.
,Recommended,304390,30107621,Posted: 22 February,all,Onion,"I think people are overreacting, I have encounted about two errors which wasted about 1 minute of my time max, it's really not that bad."
,Recommended,304390,30374317,Posted: 7 March,all,DeNada,"Pretty good, but Ubisoft really needs to fix the network issues."
,Recommended,304390,30047811,Posted: 19 February,all,Quindarious Gooch,Buy it. Ubisoft made a game that is neither generic open world nor a sequel! Essentially squad Dark Souls Pvp with a slightly more complex guard system.
76561198054892425,Not Recommended,304390,32055740,Posted: 29 May,all,2xbyx4,"Still broken connection wise. Better but not completely fixed. Ubisoft is so desperatley trying to avoid dedicated servers to keep more money in their pockets. My suggestion, dont buy the game, and if you already have dont put any money into their micro transactions or dlc. This game is up in the air on whether it will be fixed before it dies off. Dont let my mistake of paying this company for a broken product be yours too."
,Not Recommended,304390,30986886,Posted: 6 April,all,Wvrldsmoji,"I had been anxiously awaiting the first balancing patch for some time (all my play time is in the first two weeks of release), hoping that it would fix the zone attack bug (and maybe nerf it a bit) and rebalance revenge, among other things. Nothing is fixed. Zone attack still displays in the wrong attack zone first, revenge is still rampant and stupid as hell, and P2P still plagues the game. It's a fun split decision fighting game plagued by bad decisions from questionable developers. If they ever remove P2P I'd definitely come back, but I doubt that will happen. Here's to hoping this gets the Rainbow Six Siege treatment and gets a lot better in the future. As it currently stands though, this game is not worth the money or frustration it brings."
76561197999540105,Not Recommended,304390,30127846,Posted: 23 February,all,The killer,"Matchmaking is broken, you can be level 10 fighting level 100 and more who are equiped with 100+ gears while you have level 5 gears. So in fact they can 3 hit/kill you...there are multiple issues with the p2p system that make you leave during games or not able to find games.*The price is ridiculous considering the lack of content this game have.The story mod sucks hard, its way to easy even the harder difficulty, and the scenario isn't that good (I must say that i did not complete the story because i was bored but i have done 7 missions..)(As in many fighting style games, there are many trolls (Not the reason why i dont recommend that game))Good points are fighting system is aewsome. graphics are pretty well made, characters movements are good aswell. I like the way you can customize your character"
76561197997619789,Not Recommended,304390,30239509,Posted: 28 February,all,[SK] Fin,"Great Game!butmany many disconnects and errors. Another point is that there is no matchmaking. If its patched i change the review to postive.edit (15.03.17): Errors, Bugs, Disconnects, Errors, Bugs, Disconnects and the Party goes on..edit (22.03.17): More Disconnects my friends and some new Error Screens! Dont forget the Freezesedit (14.04.17): Some patches... but everytime i played with a friend or alone I or my friends get some nice error, getting you back to the title screen. Nice."
76561198056669800,Not Recommended,304390,30252860,Posted: 28 February,all,Itchycheesestick,"I want to like this game, I really do. The concept is amazing and very appealing. However I defintely recommend steering clear of this game. If I could refund, I would. The fun and exciting gameplay is overshadowed by massive inconsistencies in every area of the game. Attacks you *swear* you are blocking just seem to go through and hit you. Guardbreaks you *swear* you interrupted hit you anyways and your opponent throws you off a bridge. I enjoyed the beta, in fact I loved it, but classic Ubisoft somehow managed to screw this game in between that and launch. It's disappointing to say the least, if you are on the fence about buying this, then don't."
,Not Recommended,304390,30253924,Posted: 28 February,all,buddy,"a game that full of bs, server is bad, always someone disconnect before the match even start, the criterion requirement is♥♥♥♥♥♥ a lot of things still need to be fix"
76561197985234249,Not Recommended,304390,30356563,Posted: 6 March,all,Deckin,It's ♥♥♥♥ing absurd how bad the servers are. Disconnected almost every match 1/2-3/4 through. Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft
76561198081830262,Not Recommended,304390,30434923,Posted: 10 March,all,Draco_Glacies,"Just another great game that was released to early due to corprate greed. Do yourself a favor and only get this game in the future if people are saying it isnt so buggy, unbalenced, and has a stable connection."
,Not Recommended,304390,30437902,Posted: 10 March,all,dendo,Should be a good game but ubisoft continues to be ran out of a garage and cuts every corner to save money
76561198046054313,Not Recommended,304390,30442106,Posted: 11 March,all,将軍 SHOGUN,Fix your darn servers ubisucks. this wasnt a free a game.
76561198069004090,Not Recommended,304390,30443829,Posted: 11 March,all,pcspiderman,"For Honor is a AAA game , yet everything else beside combat system feels like an early access crap.Thx UBI for butchered another game i guess."
76561198074016974,Not Recommended,304390,30446585,Posted: 11 March,all,Booga Boy,Would rather buy WinRar
,Not Recommended,304390,30458749,Posted: 11 March,all,Darkthunder,"This was a game I was looking forward to.Sadly it turned out not to be that great.The graphics of this game are amazing and it is very cinematic which I really like.Yet the problems show up with the Peer 2 peer connection.The p2p connection ♥♥♥♥s up the combat at certain points.Thus, you'll be more wondering how the attacks hit you or your opponent than actual playing.There is also alot of customisation in the game, which is awsome.Yet the problems show up again with the micro transactions and the stats on the items.The stats can turn you into an overpowered f*ck and you can become some one that is hard to handle.(yes, this only appears in 4v4 game modes but I'd rather want a somewhat 'normal' game in 4v4 than weird ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happening because of that)Sadly I can not recommend this game unless the problems I mentioned are solved. (which is probably never)"
76561198079195231,Not Recommended,304390,31352584,Posted: 25 April,all,DarkestLink,"I've been following this game since 2016. I applied for the Alpha and played the Beta until they kicked me out.I patiently waited for my taxes to come in and when they did, the game was on sale 15% off.I wanted this game to be amazing, and the Beta only scratched the itch.But now this game gives me mild depression and a complete since of amazment at how terrible the online has become.Let's get down to it.PROS:+Graphics, amazing.+Sounds, amazing.+Single player story? Hell it didn't need it but it was well written and I enjoyed seeing it through to the end.+Character models show damage, always loved that.This game had everything but what about to complain about now.CONS:-Mulitplayer is broken: Trust me you'll figure it out within 6 hours of online play what characters are already broken with spam attacks and chains that frustrate you to hell.-UNBALANCED MULITIPLAYER: Now in normal 1v1 or 2v2 duels the armor and weapon buffs you obtain from playing do not matter, it's based on skill. But the 4v4 modes however let you use the buffs, and I have yet to play a game where my fresh new characters with no buffs went against a team who had all the buffs. I'm talking me dying in 2 hits from an Orochi.-There is no community: finding a match takes too long.-The servers will fail, someone will fall out or quit: Don't worry your lost human team mate will be replaced with a bot that has 0 skill a novice player could have. So you're gonna lose the match, again.Pay to win: you don't have worry about trying if you just pay $100 to buy enough in game currency to unlock the gear you need. This is terrible and just eliminates the heart of online gaming, when you see someone with rare items you doubt whether they earned them or just paid for them. Ubisoft really is terrible and greedy when it comes to video games.Look I've been playing consitently for about a week now, between work and going the gym, the game was the other thing to keep me occupied. And I can say after trying everything and even looking up videos, reading forums and asking other players in the game. Ubisoft developed a game that was so broken from the start that every patch now has people already knowing what will be broken next. These developers made a pretty game, that plays like garbage and now I have lost all hope in ever looking forward to games from them again.This seemed like a pretty unique idea too! However it is not worth the investment of time and energy as I am not receiving any joy from it.I only hope you read this very amatuer review and came to an edjucated decision on whether or not you want to play this game, if I could decide for you, I'd say,""No."""
,Not Recommended,304390,30130859,Posted: 23 February,all,A-Mac,"I am mostly enjoying my time with this game, but it has its downfalls.TL:DR Combat system is fun, everything else sucksPros:Graphics are great. 10/10Animations are fliud and look good.Mount and Blade style combat, which I really enjoyHas a short campaign, around 7-10 hours I think, but it's really good for what it is. Voice acting is top notch. You get Liam O'Brien as the warden. nuff said.Character Classes have lots of variety and have different combosCustomization is awesomeIt has nobushiCombines MOBA like gameplay with Fighting game gameplayCommunity is more or less good and helpful. People in duels will generally give you pointers and tips for you to improve and practice with you, which is nice.Cons - Literally everything elseMap design.There are too many ledges and cliffs. Prepare to get really salty about this. You can get a guy to 1 hit to death and play perfectly without him even hitting you once, but all he needs is a lucky guard break and he can toss you off a cliff with one button. This would be okay, if there wasn't a ledge or cliff literally every 5 feet. Some player's won't leave a cliffside and will only throw people off. Throwing someone off a cliff is too big a part of the game and map design. It should be there, but there should not be so many places to throw people to thier death.The faction warA cool Idea, poor execution. As of right now the faction war kinda sucks. you join a faction, and after each game, you pick a provicnce to deploy your ""war assets"" if your faction deploys more than an opposing faction, your faction gets that province. However, there is no incentive to participate in the faction war until they very end, where whoever has the most provinces gets fabulous prizes. A war lasts for ten weeks. That is waaaay too long. I think the whole faction war system should be revamped.Networking nonsenseRoses are redViolets are blueA network error has occuredReturning to main menuP2P sucks balls.You sometimes randomly get kicked to the main menu in the middle of games.It takes upwards of 5 minutes to find and get into a game sometimes, even on weekendsIf one person leaves sometimes the game doesnt start back up again, but thats only happened to me a handful of timesGearGear plays too big of a role in the game. You could win fights you should not be able to win because of your gear.Revenge Gear builds are too strong. You can go super sayian and 2 shot opponents if two (or one) people even look at you wrong.MatchmakingIt doesnt work very well. I play only nobushi and got to prestige 5. I still get matched with new players and proceed to destroy them. It's not very fair. I've played games where my team was all prestige 2 or more with badass gear against level tens with♥♥♥♥♥♥gear. However I do get matched with players of similar level to me too.Uses Uplay♥♥♥♥ UplayWait until these issues get fixed then this game will be 10/10 GOTY all years for everOkay maybe not but it'll be pretty good"
,Not Recommended,304390,30060450,Posted: 20 February,all,Chozdog,"The game is great, the amount of p2p issues and disconnects and crashes is pretty crominal from a publisher like Ubisoft. Servers need to happen, if not it is another AAA publisher conning customers into sub par and taking the cash."
76561198011724096,Not Recommended,304390,30063402,Posted: 20 February,all,Dralord,"Match making is broken, when you are level 10 you play against people level 100 with 100 gear level. With a lot of match making bug this game is not very good right now."
76561198096915182,Not Recommended,304390,30128875,Posted: 23 February,all,Paradise,"The connection proble will destory this game soon, I dont know why I spend 80CAD to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game........just like a shift"
76561198333034432,Not Recommended,304390,31267873,Posted: 20 April,all,CoryInTheHouse,Triple A game from Ubisoft + Micro transactions + no dedicated servers + toxic community + lack of content for $60 = NoIt was really fun while it lasted.This was my personal experience from For Honor
,Not Recommended,304390,30823203,Posted: 29 March,all,Jermaine Quincy,"The matchmaking is the biggest ♥♥♥♥ing problem this game has. It takes 10 seconds at max to search for players in your skill level, then 10 more for an extended skill cealing, then it eventually, after no time of searching, just goes to all skill levels. Getting better as a player and enjoying this game is prohibited with this kind of matchmaking. I am never paired up with any other new players, so I'm always fighting elite veterans of the game who have a solution to every kind of outcome. The only place where I feel I can learn the game is the campaign, but I enjoy that very little. However, when I get back into the multiplayer, the campaign has taught me nothing and I am right back to square one. Until the game takes a little more time to search for players my level, I cannot and will not play For Honor.Sad I paid for the deluxe as well.*But the devs won't actually fix anything.*"
76561198040291812,Not Recommended,304390,30857009,Posted: 31 March,all,Zibraz,"I was looking at these reviews thinking ""The servers can't be that bad can it?"" so I bought the game. I love it, it's great, so why the negative review? Well my previous thought was wrong... The connection issues are that bad....I log into the game and after 2 minutes I get an error code and I get booted off. I search the error code and I am required to do a wide variety of things to try to get it to work. I shouldn't have to do a load of checks on my pc to make sure the game works. It works, I have played many games online but now it refuses to let me play."
76561198088569561,Not Recommended,304390,31294589,Posted: 22 April,all,Tunasallad,I love this game. The mechanics are amazing and the maps are fun and intressting. The gear system is a nice way to customize your character to suit your playstyle where it loses though is Ubisoft.♥♥♥♥ing Ubisoft.If we disregard the balance issues because fair enough Ubisoft is dealing with that we still got the biggest two issues of the game.1. Being able to purches gear for money and the power level of gear.Let me explain. I like the principle of the gear system but when someone can buy gear which makes him/her objectivly stronger then you we have an issue. Considering Ubisoft made a kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking system in this regard does not make it better. I have had 1 v 1 where my opponent would get revenge two - three times by taking dmg. So essentialy he has more stamina and health then me.2. Peer to peer.I thought this would work out but hell no. In a game that is so dependent on reactions this is the stupidest idea since the democrats picked Hillary Clinton over Bearnie Sanders. It is worst then Pepe the frog becoming a hate symbol. To many times I have found myself pressing a button just to have nothing happend. Wheter this is in a Guard break or in a parry. Note: I see the animation of them it is just that the effect does not register.Conclussion:I truly belive this game could become a comeptitor with some of the best esport games out there if not for ♥♥♥♥ing Ubisoft. Once again proof that Ubisoft is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company not worth supporting.
76561198055748055,Not Recommended,304390,30419445,Posted: 9 March,all,Cowboy Tater,"So here's the thing with this game. When I first got it the excitement was my biggest driving factor. No that I've put in over 50 hours into the game and leveled two different characters to 1st prestige It has become clear to me just how little ubisoft as a company cares for their customers. Here's my resoning, When I go to play one match in the game I have had waits as long as 30 minutes and then as I think I'm joining it shows an error that says the game session is full. That is ridiculous why am I joining a full game in the first place. Then instead of putting me back into a que to join automatically I have to rechoose all my options and go again. Then there is the matchmaking system where I'm constantly getting into games against people who have 6 and 7th prestige characters. This isn't fun when the block one move and get revenge because they have maxed out the meta in the game against someone who has no chance unless they go braindead for a full minute.While I like playing the game the p2p servers destroy any sense of  competition since I am being hit by something I can't even see because of latency to the host who has bad connection. Then there's all the toxicity. The community is worse than league of legends. literally everygame someone calls someone a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or some other derogatory term. This wouldn't be so bad but there's not even an option to report a player for that.Lastly the cheats. I have seen more block bots and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the past week than anything else. To put it short Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed up another promising title that I had high hopes for.My rating 4/10 potatoes"
,Not Recommended,304390,30452372,Posted: 11 March,all,Potato,"For Honor is a very fun combat action game, I love this game alot.Intresting gameplay, fun combat system (and taunt), stunning graphic.But for now, i don recommend this game, due to very POOR P2P connection, you get disconnected about every 4v4 match.The matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥, its match you with high gear level player, totally unfair.Oh ya, UBISOFT SUPPORT IS AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, them will ignore your support ticket. Don give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about player."
,Not Recommended,304390,30283445,Posted: 2 March,all,Disorderly DEUS VULT HEATHEN,The game mechanics are good an all but the P2P matchmaking is trash. Really unbalenced matchmaking aswell. As someone at a low skill level i keep getting matched against experienced players who i can barely land a single hit on
,Not Recommended,304390,30283464,Posted: 2 March,all,El Tuxo,The online is broken because people lag switch & now with the latest update the game have started crashing to GG...23-03-2017 Edit:*The game is still unstable you can not even stay in a match for more than 1 minute!!!27-04-2017 Edit:Great now the game crash and the end 24/7 so you do not get XP GG good work you ♥♥♥♥ing morons made the game EVEN WORSE!!!
76561198170088314,Not Recommended,304390,30462847,Posted: 11 March,all,Legionem Dei,"ive been watching for honor since i heard of it in a gameinformer magazine back in 2013. i had such high hopes for this game when i saw it at e3 and couldnt wait to get my hands on it, i played both betas and they were masterpieces! they ran so well connection wise gameplay, balancing i could go on but the base game? NO SIR. the peer to peer that youve no doubt heard about is as bad as youve heard it if not worse i rarely get to finish games not to mention the stutters and people magically coming back to life right before your eyes, not only that but the combat is so damn weird and clunky you cant finish combos hardly ever and blocking only works sometimes and the response time is off, you will have fresh noobs put up against top level gear people and get smashed all skill aside because they are so damned outgunned. i really wanted to like this gamei had so much hope and excitement but ubi did what ubi does. they took a great idea and ♥♥♥♥ed it up. dont buy this game until they fix it and you know its fixed."
76561198062856872,Not Recommended,304390,30247150,Posted: 28 February,all,"anakin, lover of palpatine","Do not buy this gameIts no where near worth 60 bucks, you will hate yourself for buying it and youre gonna realize it too late and then you cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥but ♥♥♥♥♥ about in some dumbass review.Dont buy"
76561198096877106,Not Recommended,304390,30247646,Posted: 28 February,all,Azoire,"Game is good. But Ubsoft is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get ur ,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ survers back ."
,Not Recommended,304390,30255168,Posted: 28 February,all,gamepa,"The actualGAMEpart of For Honor, is quite good and deserves a positive review.But to get there you need to:1. Sit through a long matchmaking session2.Find aGAME3.Get through three loading screens without someone leaving and/or having the game kick you back to main menu4.Get through the actualGAMEpart of theGAMEyou paid for, you will probably have fun playing theGAMEunless:A:someone lèave̸s and the game doesn't recoverB:theGAMEjust up and kicks you to the main menu with a random errorC:the games matchmaking has put you with others far above your level/gear levelIf you get through theGAMEand had fun, now you have to deal with a bunch of other problems, unlikeevery other multiplayer game in this universe's timeline and plane of existence, a newGAMEisn'tautomatically started after the match, instead players have to vote to continue playing, which means:Alpha:Everyone votes to continue playing with each other within 3 seconds, no problemsBeta:Everyone votes except for a few people, which means that you wait 50 seconds for the gameto either kick you or theGAMEto startCharlie:Everyone leaves, theGAME, instead of just finding you a newGAME, kicks you backto the main menu, in which caseGO TO NUMBER 1 DO NOT PASS GO DO NOT COLLECT 200 STEELBUT WAIT THERE'S MOREYou have to screw around with your NAT settings in your router, that's right! No longer is opening portsjust for small indie games and games that you have to connect to a direct IP W͈̫̳͞H͎̤I̱̮̙͙C̷̮H̢̟̲͖̦͉̝ ͈̰͕makes completesense, NO, thisAAA GAMEwill be happy to tell you that if your NAT type is red, well that willJU͏̳S̰͈̭Ṯ̀ ͎̬̻̗͜M͇͎̞A̗̪̮̺̝̣̙K͏E͘ ̪̝̳̤T̷͔͎̺͇Ḫ̹̝ͅE̺͉͠GAMEGAMEGAMEGAMEG̟͎̭͇̮̟̫̻̩ͬ͌̋́ͮ̌̀́͜͜͟Ā̳̪̭̺͚̯̗̦̭ͥ͆̎͒͒͒̃̋ͭͣ͐̎̆̆̍͊̍̿̕͜M̵̨̳̳͕̰̘͚͆͊̈ͬ̂͠͡E̷̥̦͍͉͚̟ͩͣ̍̉̿̅̈́͌̓̿ͨͮ̈̏̉ͬ̋͢TAKE even LOnGER to find aGAME. NO APPARENTLY all othergamgamsP̷̛̹̰̹̖͙̿̏̄̓͛̾ͧ͊̚͢͠͝ͅͅṚ̗̣̙̠͓͍͙͛̌ͩͦ̉ͨ̐ͬͫ̓ͧͯͬ̈͊͛͛̽̀Ỏͦ͂ͦͬ̀ͭͨͦ̈̈́̒ͬ̿͏̶̩̫̱͍̲͓̺̩̹̪̜͇̘̘̺̞̹̺̗B̥̘̘͉̥͎̪̜̥͚̾ͫͯ̊̈̀͛̾̆ͭ̇͊̽ͥ̈̅͞͝͞͠Ąͫ̏̃͆̊̅̓̏̍ͨ̅̅͆͐ͨ̚҉̨͎̠͚̤̼̝̫̲͠B̵̛̛͙̟͉͙̲̘͓͋ͥͮ̌̔̽ͣͭ̊̓̒̃̿ͅL̖̲̲͖̹̭̓͛́ͤ̈̊̋ͫͣ̕Y̙̜̟̦̱̟̓̐͆ͥ̈́͌̈ͫ͗ͬ͢͜ ̶̛͓͈̬̞̙͓͓̲͕̜̮̝̟̤̫̳̄̾̆̅ͪͮͧ̚͡S̻͚̼̻͇̭̻͔̻̪̲̤̦̤͍͍̰̿́ͤ͂̔͂ͨͯ̀̚͢͞ͅͅP̡͇̙̤̜̭̜̖͔͖̱̻̭͕̜̞̼̍ͦ͊̑ͮ̄̿̆͞Ë̐ͣ̋͒ͨ͗͂̆̒҉͎͕̤̗̞͘͟N̶̨̛̫͇͓̰͈͙͙͚̥̦̯̮̰͇̥̹͉̩̍ͤ͒̇̑ͦ̓̏̊͠Ḑ̇̿͑ͥ̓̒͋ͧ̊̀̑̆̃҉̶̻̦̙̭̼͙͚̻͕̻̗̰̘̼̲̠̤̲͞ ̴̴̥̘̮̮͔̞̥̮͖ͬͫ̆̽̑̔̀̀̚͢M̩̞͇̜̥̥̼͎̱͖̳̬͙̎̎ͩ͒̓ͫ͟͜͞Ơ͈̬̭͎̗͉̬̬͎̠̳̯̱̰̟͖̲̾ͭ̈́͛ͫ̆̓̈̃͊̂̈ͦͤ͛ͦ̕͟Ṙ͚̝̭̺̯̎̃̍ͭ͒̑ͥͪ͛͂̿͗ͣ̀̚͘E̶̾̌̍̿ͦ̿̽͋̈́̄͜͢͏̥̪̻̠̝̬̹͈̮̯̰͍̮̗̠͇̺ ̴̤̜͇̻͍̗̱̹̗̦͕͑̆ͥ͌̉̅̋̆̍̉ͮ̓̄ͯ̀T̶̸̛̟̖̥͇ͣ̋̑ͧͣ͛̊ͫ̊̀̆͞I͈̥̠͙͖̼͍͊̌͑̓͑̇̅ͭͨ̈̊ͥ͋̚̚͝͡ͅM͐͗ͤ̿̾͏̢̰͖̫̙͇͓̱̱̦̺E̴̛̛͈̰̫̭͕̱͔̳͂ͨ̃ͤ̍͊̒͒̀ ̨̪̥͎̙̺̒̊́̇͛ͥ̓ͥ͘W̷̡͙̰͍̜͈̦̟̒ͥͮ̏ͬ͛̏̅̍ͯ͐̈̀́͠Ĭ̧͖̮͖̖̤̦̳̹̯̊͊͑͒͘͜T̵̴̴̡̙̰̬͈̹̪̘͆̒͌̽ͦ̉̉͑̀ͧͦͥ̅̑̽Ȟ̘̗͙̠͓͍̣̪͉̲͓͕̘͂̋ͧ͑́̓͛̋ͯ̓͑ͣ̈́̚̚͟͜ ͖̥̩̦͎͔̻͔̞̳̥̣̲̟̣̪͊ͫ͗ͨ͑̓̐ͭ̒͌̐̈͋̓̓ͯ̚͠͞ͅT̴͊ͩ̈́ͨͮ́̈ͤ̃̓̈́́͂̃͝͠͏͍̯͈͍͕̩̠̟͍̼̪̜̲͔ͅH̶̴̨̥̼̤̖̻̭̳͐ͩ̽ͫ̃̒ͨͥͧ͆̿̊̑ͬ͑̅̓͐͜A̴̡̞͓͈̣͚̦̱͉̱͚̟͚̩̩̬̥̓̇̓ͮͥ̚ͅT̸̡̢̬̬̠̯̪̞̞͓̦͕̯̲̠͓̻͚̥͇̎̍͒͋͛ͭ͛ͬ̂̓̑͡ ̼̠̗̳̮̤̮̹̥̮͔͎̝͍̥͔̻̦̩̔ͥͣͪͥͬͦ̔͆̾̓́T̉̍ͤ͂̊͋̊̿͌̍͏̻̖͍̺̪̣͞H̿͊̊̓͆̐͏̷̧͍̯̮̭͖͙Ḁ̮̜̤͍̰̉ͦ͗͢͠N̔̈̅͛͒͐̆ͮ͋̄̒ͭ͘͜͠҉̸̞̭̭̗̲̥̣͙̖̞̪ ̵̪͈̩͔̘͉̝͓̰͉͍͓̘̋̐̎͌͒̐̔ͣI̸̢̨͍͖̱̲̗̱̹̹͔̰̬̞̤̲͇̲̱̒̆̾ͬ̚ͅN̦̟͖̻͍̝̦͍̝̺̘͙͛͒ͤ̒̆̆̀̕͟͝ͅ ̸̴̤͇͔͍̖̩͍̬̯̮͕̫͋ͤ͐ͩ̓̉ͩ͊ͩ̈̂̿̈̌̀̀̕ͅG̡ͮ̀ͨ̍̀̈̑ͨ̍͒̒̐̀͠͏̗͈͓̺̣̩̤̭̦̘̣̻̯ͅAͨ͒̃̿̋ͥ̀̇ͨ̈̚҉̣̱͙̤̭̺̦͓̼͔͔͙̻͎̺̪͇͘ͅM̵̨͖͚͎̬̥̳͌̓̀ͮͮͤ̂̆͗ͯͭ͒̐̒͊̾ͨ͘͝Ȩ̘̩̻̹͕̖ͨͭ̌͒́́ͨ̐̅̂̂̈́ͪ͑ͬ̌ͬ̉̕͟͜͞ͅͅMY F͢RIE̷NḐ WI͞T̕H҉ ̕G̵R̛EE͞N N͠A͠T̷ C̢O̸ŅS͡ISTE̢N̛T͞LY KI͠C̕K͢S ̕EV͢ERYONE ́AND ͢TUR̴NS͡ T͝HE͡M I͏N̨T̶O̡ ͟B͘OT͠SI̶͓͕͖̰̙ͅF̻̟͇͚̹͖͘ ̮͟T̘͈H̻̙̹̞̙̭͙E̘̮͍̭̜̝ ̯̯̝͕[͈̦͕͖͙ͅb͈̲]G͕͕̦̙͢ͅA҉M̞͔͎͈̀E̠̝̖̦̗̖̜͟[̪b̦̮̫̀/̥̯]҉̦̬̣ ̬̫͝a̧c̣̣͉͙̜͢t̻̼͍͖u͠a̗̥͖̦̝l͈͝l͈y̛̫̱̱̞̘̱ ͓̳̩f҉̣͕̼͚̙͎͍i͉̙͖̗̳̙x̜͇͈ẹ̖̜͉̳͙s̻͇͡ T͍̱Ḩ̪̳͇S̞̱̤̻̱E͈E̖̫̗̬͝ ̤I̸̹S̸̩͚̥̤̮͉̥U̖̟Ș̝͔͖̫͖͈͢ ͎̰̯͢T̸͉͍̹͍͖H̳̀E̶N͓̺̭̭͈̻͎ ̯͞I̷͖̟̭̩̱S ͙̱͖̬̤̥̭W̧̘I̺Ḻ͚͖̠͘<͓̙͍̮̭ ͈̰̜͢ͅB͜E͎̥͕͇̲̗ ̬̩̬͘A͏̪̖̟̠ ̩̝̱̗̱̫FG̰̟͚͚̹Ǫ̯̮̭̻O̥̬͞D̸̫̭̯ ̨̥̘̜̹̱̯P̳̝͕Ṵ̝̥͢R͏C̸͎͇̫̖̙H͈̪̝Ą̫̼̹̜S͇É̜̟͉̮͇̠ͅ< ̜U̩N̜̱T͓͉̲̻̱̝I̛͚͔͎̙̰͙L̝͈ ̫̹͝T͏͉͕͎̫̰̟R͠H̜E̲̩̝̜̳͇N̝͍͍ ̮̀N͎̬̮͔̯̱O̩͈ ̕N̙̣̞͞ͅO̧̺ ͓̲̳̲N͈̭̞͍Ọ̥͉̦̗̙̱͚͍͖̳̼̲͝ͅA͈̭̫͙̤̣̺Ș̘̻͖̖ ̝̖N̵̥̯̙̹̖̖MF͈̮͡ ̜̞̱̙̦͖͠N͚̪̩͈ͅMP̟͓ͅͅ ̫̞̹̯͙̼̬M̼̳P̢̺̠͖̣̪͖{̧ ̭̜̠N͖̮̫̞̥̯͓P̭̝̯͍͓̰͎͠ N̻Ó̭̳̰̤ͅI͖̤ N̴̗̳̼̘̖̱IṊ̵̟̺̭̫̭O҉̙̪ͅ ҉̠N̬̠̥͇̲̙͍̕O̤͎̭̯͘N͕͘O͠ ҉̤̟͇N̡̩̟̼̥̭̻I͔͍̱͓͖͓͈͝N̤̻͉̦T̵̻̺̠̪͖Ȩ̩͖̮̠N̯D͏̺͎̜̫̲̬̲O̷͇In summaryI'm not really mad, just disappointed.Horrible issues in the network part of the game (which is unfortuantely tied into evertything else) brings this game from a really fun experience to an exercise in futility. No matter how good or fun the actual game is, the constant disconnects slowly wear you down until you don't even think the game is worth it to sit through everything."
76561198349861291,Not Recommended,304390,30346938,Posted: 5 March,all,:@,The game itself and the fighting is balanced it plays amazing and the campaign is solid however the servers are absolutely terrible and the game is virtually unplayable. One in two games freezes at least 4 times during the match and it is impossible to finish games as you get kicked out the game due to the trash servers.
76561198000989841,Not Recommended,304390,30356613,Posted: 6 March,all,Pr0jectseph,"I would absolutely love to recommend this game. I really would.-The premise is good.-The design/presentation is outstanding.-The story, while short, is still fun.-The combat (when connections are good) is fun.But I cannot in good conscience recommend such an expensive game that has so many connection issues.Make no mistake:For Honor is all about PvP. You'd be foolish to spend $60 on this game for it's very short Single Player campaign.Yet you can consistently be waiting for over 5 minutes for a single match.Every time.And matches don't last half as long. ...If they even work at all (disconnections etc).Some attempts to play have me waiting for nearly 10 minutes just to find a SINGLE game where I am now grouped up with people with much MUCH higher gear levels than my own. All because it never manages to find people within your own level-range.This is a constant occurrence across all game-modes.TLDR;As I said, I'd love to give this game a thumbs up, but when a game is 95% PvP, and that PvP has so many glaring issues ....well then, I feel a negative review is in order.The $60 price-point is just salt in the wound."
76561198028538640,Not Recommended,304390,30420241,Posted: 9 March,all,Korben,im actually pretty interested in the game and its incredibly fun and interesting but.... honestly..... that matchmaking is terrible and the servers are crashing all the timerecomend waiting till fixed
76561197962470118,Not Recommended,304390,30436850,Posted: 10 March,all,virtuousatol34,extremly mechanical. almost simple minded you use the same mechanics over and over agian. also no emersion you go in thinking your gonna have a bad♥♥♥♥♥sword fight and end up getting thrown off the edge and cheesed over and over agian ruining the emersion
76561198052269760,Not Recommended,304390,30456960,Posted: 11 March,all,Isadreadlord,"Games MMR is some of the worst PoS MMR I've ever seen in an online video game. Fresh players getting matched up against people who have hit paragon level 4+Not to mention the single player, it's bland and boring most of the time, only the boss fights actually feel like decent combat.The P2P system makes the multiplayer just horrible most of the time. Why Ubisoft didn't invest into a server I'll never understand."
76561198030991577,Not Recommended,304390,30463731,Posted: 11 March,all,Old Man Henderson,"Game looks great and I still watch vids of it on Youtube from time to time, but the game refused to launch no mater what I tried and the forums were no help at all. I got my refund but I'm highly disappointed at all the technical trouble I ran into."
76561198119776183,Not Recommended,304390,30484768,Posted: 12 March,all,Gobbo,"The game is fun at first but as you play more and more you notice all of the things wrong with the game. The servers go down all the time and constant DCs. The characters arent balanced very well either.It's a shame that this game turned out to be a bust. It would be fine if Ubisoft still tried to work on improving connection issues and everything but that is not where their priorities are. For example, rather than trying to work on anything to do with connection, they released a brand new set of cosmetics that take roughly 13ish hours to get each. Don't worry though, you can always buy them with real money if you don't want to grind. ;)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30485239,Posted: 12 March,all,QuinnGT,Pros: Combat is fun and relies heavily on remembering combos. Similar to a teken or arcade game.Cons: The community. This unsaid but yet said rule laid by the community about who and what fight demands honor. Biggest load of BS I've ever seen. You can't just fight and team up and have fun. No stratagy. Only 1v1 is acceptable no matter what match type. Ruined the game for me.
76561198145334469,Not Recommended,304390,30051232,Posted: 19 February,all,Subzerovixen,"broken characters, nice story, P2P, decent framerates, limited gamemodes, overpriced."
,Not Recommended,304390,30059839,Posted: 20 February,all,/\/\ /\ X,"I tried so many times to finding server but it keeps disconnected.. how can I play this game if it keeps error and disconnected??? UBISH!!T PLS ALLOW US TO REFUND OUR MONEY BCS THIS IS MY WORST 100$ SPENDING ON STEAM EVER IN MY LIFE!!! if I can dislike as many as i can, I'll probly dislike it 1000x"
76561198056815591,Not Recommended,304390,30064475,Posted: 20 February,all,Mojmo,"Game is fun and combat is great. Modes and maps are well design.Shame that game has so annoying and buggy, terribly design client(lobby) which slowly drain any will to log in for next match. During wait time you cant do anything but wait. You cant check orders or customize characters. You have to watch client slowly turn off filters one by one each time. So you will end up probably alt-tabing.. Connecting to game is buggy and sometime connection errors occur and I got few times after connecting to game error: ""Session is already full"", which in this client means you have to go back to lobby and log for same game mode and wait again for same filters to turn off and hope that you are lucky. BTW why is there even possibility of connecting to full session?And there are so many little things which are wrong. For example after match function of space bar changes from next to check what eq you got in last game. Doesnt seem much but I guarntee it will annoy anybody checking piece of item you were never intersted in instead of logging into next game for 100th time. In 4v4 deathmatch game will sometime set you with same opponent few times in row. What could be super annoying for you or your opponent.There are so many other issues.I dont recomend game to anybody willing to sacrfice his nerves during connecting to actually nice game."
76561198014957365,Not Recommended,304390,30120050,Posted: 23 February,all,TeaCrusader,"So, this game is very good, well made, chunky and satisfying. Shame this multiplayer online versus game doesn't have any sort of online infrastructure even remotely robust enough to make the game playable.I have made it more than 10 seconds into about 3 games I think (except those played with my housemate on our wi-fi) without being kicked entirely from the game as I get disconnected from the servers. Considering that this is supposed to be a 1-4v1-4 player online combat game the fact it is incapable of providing that experience is frankly pathetic.I would get a refund had I not been foolish enough to play more than 2 hours of the campaign to practice the game before I checked the online capabilities.Worth getting if they ever fix the game-breaking server issues. Wait until they do."
,Recommended,304390,29973672,Posted: 16 February,all,swoopity swoop,"such a great game, amazing graphics, well optimized, fun gameplay. as of now i finished the singleplayer, the story is quite good, rly fun, sorta long too (6 missions in each one of the three campaigns), and so far the multiplayer seems really good too, great gearing system, so far it seems pretty skill based, although the matchmaking could use some balancing to it. overall, an amazing game, definitely worth the money in my opinion. 10\10"
76561198071433613,Not Recommended,304390,31039664,Posted: 9 April,all,blindio,awfull connection issues and only about 3 hours of singleplayerit can only be recommended if they improve the servers
76561198017113759,Not Recommended,304390,30785662,Posted: 27 March,all,음과양,server is dead XD can't revive
,Recommended,304390,30109525,Posted: 22 February,all,elleyeah,"It's ubisoft, so it was somewhat rushed and frustrating at times,but 90% of the time it's great and lots of fun. The devs are working on making it better by working on a patch immediately rather than going quiet."
,Not Recommended,304390,30100642,Posted: 22 February,all,SweeVy,"Hideous servers, story takes only 6 hours to complete on Hard, and be prepared for connection issues 24/7."
,Recommended,304390,30159562,Posted: 24 February,all,KrezRei3,Game is good Ubisoft is bad but i love the game soi'll give it recommend
,Recommended,304390,29977676,Posted: 16 February,all,Clip,"First and foremost, the game gets points off for the network related issues people are having. There is a misconception that the game is P2P. Yes, it is P2P, but its a different P2P system, usually one used in Enterprise Infrastructure/server design for businesses. Instead of P2P, its more like P2P2P2P... Its a bit more efficient than a P2P system, where there isn't just one true host. But, is it good for video games? So far... the jury is out as For Fonor has had issues with its servers/people getting dropped from games. All that said, some people are still having issues, but there is a BIG MISCONCEPTION that the game runs off of traditional P2P architecture.The game has a very nuanced combat system. At first it can seem straightforward, but then you learn there are people who already know how to counter you and you aren't sure how to do it back to them, and that can be frustrating to new players. But if you take the time to do the basic and advanced tutorials offered in game, it will setup a foundation for you to play any player in the game. This game is sort of like mashup between a 3rd person action game and a fighter like Street Fighter. There are 12 heroes to choose from, all having different abilities/strengths and weaknesses. For all the  variety, the game is actually impressively well balanced.The most important thing to remember, and probably something that puts off a lot of people because they don't understand this, is that **THERE IS A COUNTER TO EVERYTHING**. Yes, there is a counter to everything. You will NOT be successful spamming attacks in this game once you rank up. Take the time to learn the game, and it becomes a masterful swordplay experience that involves mindgames as well as mechanical skill to take your opponent down.The game features a variety of multiplayer modes, and there is a single player with an OK story, but really multiplayer is the focus of the game and its apparent in all the content in the game that focuses on the multiplayer portion. You can 1 on 1 duel, the most ""pure"" of the game modes, 2 v 2, 4v4 with AI bots that fight in a central area that is available for capture between 2 team, as well as two flank areas, or 4v4 straight up deathmatch, with some powerups like health regain and stronger attack scattered around the map. As you might guess, 1 v 1 is where the true tests of skill reside as its just you and a foe.The other modes are based around teamplay, and involve a lot of ganking/surprising other players, things of that nature. Its a good set of modes if you like team-based modes and aren't great at dueling, its a set of frustrating modes if you are looking for clean fights. If you want clean fights, 100% of the time, play 1 on 1 and stop complaining on forums that people just cheese and run away from fights. That is going to happen if you aren't playing 1 on 1, its just going to be a part of any melee based game like this.Honestly there are a couple games out there that have come out a few years ago (Chivalry, Mount & Blade), but neither are quite like this game. This game is more tactical, and less of a mindless swing-your-sword button masher. The best thing to do would be to watch some streams, see how the game basically plays and make your decision from there, but in my opinion its very fun, mostly original, and there isn't anything quite like it out there so it is a welcome change of pace from most titles that have come out in the past several years.I give it an 8/10, 9 or 10 if it had a more solid network/netcode structure."
76561198043899651,Recommended,304390,30181245,Posted: 25 February,all,Gizmo Brooch,If you're going to play the game do try to stick with 1v1's or 2v2's as those are the best modes for skill match ups. All other modes are just a clown fiesta.
,Recommended,304390,30181010,Posted: 25 February,all,ayy its alex.,"People are complaining about server this and server that, but the worst I have is usally a game taking a bit to start. The combat is solid, story is fun, rewarding combat, high intesnity encounters, and it seems that Ubisoft is really trying to get the kinks out! Remember guys, this is the first time a game like this has been done with that kind of combat system, so of couse there will be balancing issues and whatnot, but they will probally be gone as fast as the developers can work!"
,Recommended,304390,30029002,Posted: 19 February,all,A Cute Kitty,"For Honor is something that Ubisoft made that generally surprised me. Like Siege, I thought it'd be a competitive fighter with a high skill ceiling. And for the most part that's true. The game however.... suffers from a few things that most people won't notice or particularly care about.1. Forget being offensive. Going balls out and being unrelenting is something that works for a while, but eventually gets you stone-walled. What I mean by that is the game is geared towards being defensive. With half the cast labeled as ""Counter-Attackers"" or ""Disabler"", and none of them being called Offensive or Attacker; this implies that being the first to attack is looked down upon. This is a theory about the game, and for the most part you can take this paragraph with a grain of salt.2. Heroes are thankfully different in combat style. That being said, there is something for everyone. However, certain heroes are bonefide ""noob-stompers"" or otherwise geared to deal with mechanics most people new to the game aren't aware of. Case in point, the Peacekeeper punishes people who are over-aggressive and aren't familiar with counter-guard breaking. People who play her kill the fun in most games, but that's just my opinion.3. Now, in a game where guarding is IMPORTANT. I capitalized that for your benefit, you'd think the system would be rock solid, ja? (That's German for yes.) But behold! There are.... problems with this system. Things like a normal attack ignoring your guard, you dodging an attack yet you rubberbanding back for the upcoming blow, or a parry animation actually starting yet the attack goes ahead and kills you. Stuff like that is unheard of if you go to the forums, yet I'm running into it more and more frequently. Could be that I usually play when I'm exhausted, and my tolerance for nonsense is thinner than a human hair.4. There is no dedicated servers to ensure the highest quality of gameplay possible. It's peer to peer since Ubisoft is being Ubisoft. So this Peer to Peer system is responsible for segment 3. Even if the scoreboard shows everyone with green connections, you'll get shafted from time to time."
76561198041599915,Recommended,304390,29994881,Posted: 17 February,all,MiracleGank,"For honor is a game that seemed interesting and I picked it up. After giving it a go and playing for about 30 hours combined between the full game and beta. With this time played I can say i am very much enjoying it. I just want to say ignore the people who say the game is good but it gets a negative review for microtransactions, they really dont effect much. It is pretty much the R6 Siege system which i felt wasnt intrusiv. Now on to the game, The battles are visceral, the characters are colorful and unique and it all comes together into a fun fighting game. The combat system is flexible and rewards practice, if you learn your characters combos you will do MUCH better. Spamming in this game generally doesnt work, and i feel that the skill ceiling is high and the better player will always win. I havent played the campaign much, but it is average fair the multiplayer is where the most value will come from, with the prospect of free maps and heroes purchasable withought the season pass, I think For Honor will be a fun game well into the future."
,Not Recommended,304390,30179038,Posted: 25 February,all,Kaiju15,This game has a lot of promise. The combat is fun and challenging... when the game works. The netcode is attrocious. Stay away until they fix it.
76561198090656133,Not Recommended,304390,30867100,Posted: 31 March,all,boomer549,"This game was fun.At first. Then the grinding became evident, the salt got worse than LoL, and the P2P broke games.Beautiful graphics and amazing mechanics don't count for anything if there is a clear inbalance to the game and if there are whole builds revolving around Revenge. I understand why Revenge is there at all, but having items add to Revenge can be really gamebreaking.However, now that Ubisoft has made their money through all this, they likely won't follow through with any balancing changes.Yay."
76561198056358611,Not Recommended,304390,30617344,Posted: 19 March,all,Guy Fieri is Smash Mouth,"No dedicated servers. Lobby makign doesnt work half the time. 80% of the time there are connection issues. And the single player is a glorified tutorial.Do not buy this game, its a way for ubisoft to take your money.The game DOES NOT WORK. It is NOT READY yet.Absolute Rip off not worth 60 euros"
76561197995006120,Recommended,304390,30030220,Posted: 19 February,all,Salium,Its a fun game! I really like the combat system! First ubisoft game i bought without beeing let down! Only the Peer-to-Peer system needs some work cuz atm it sucks real bad!
76561198165922604,Not Recommended,304390,30012103,Posted: 18 February,all,ChrisDoubleW,"Fun game, but the servers are a complete mess."
76561197998587080,Not Recommended,304390,29991347,Posted: 17 February,all,Reiviskit,"I'd like to start off by saying that the game is actually very good gameplay and mechanics wise. So if you can get past the P2P networking, constant error messages and a very, VERY whiny community, buy it.But unfortunately the matchmaking along with many other multiplayer related problems make it not worth it (as it stands) in my personal opinion. I seem to be in a very small minority of people who the game refused to even start for which lead to me refunding it promptly, but it's worth mentioning that there is a chance that this may happen. Apparent cause was that the game needs to be installed on my C: drive which, for me, is impossible because windows takes most of that space and I don't have 30 gigs to spare even if I wanted to, and I sure as hell am not going to buy a new SSD just for a game.I may buy this in the future, because I REALLY enjoyed my time in both the betas when or if (big if) most of these problems get fixed, but until then, I'll hold off on it.I also left many subjective things out of this review (microtransactions for example) because I personally don't care about them and don't see them as a problem. But as with all premium titles I understand if people dislike it when companies put microtransactions into a 60€ game as a quick moneygrab, I just don't mind it unless it hurts the game and gameplay. Microtransactions are always bad in a paid game but I can't be arsed to care if it doesn't affect me directly. I would never pay money to skip the grinding in any game though, which is exactly what microtransactions do in this game. It is NOT pay to win unlike many reviews seem to point out. That's not how gear works in this game. In addition to that, gear stats are turned off in 2v2s and 1v1s which is where the game shines the most, once again, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,304390,30334097,Posted: 5 March,all,[blank],"So i have somewhat mixed feeling about this game:Why am I giving a thumb down? Because the game is not worth 60 € or what ever your currency is.And now to get to the point the game is actually a good game and something diffrent, at least regarding mechanics.Story mode is, well , havent finished it so i'll call it boring, with 'no' story you only have the multiplayer (not like you can play this game offline anyway).So if the story is not worth anything, then what about the multiplayer?Ähm well its a Ubisoft game many people may already get enought information out of that but to be more specific:Multiplayer looks like this: You want to play Dominion, the most liked gamemode (i guess) and it says 'very high activity' so you think: ok shouldn't take too long , well depending on how you define 'long' , but its not as fast as i expected. Finally found a game? Well done now you choose you hero and wait        again      this time a bit longer depending on how good the pc's of the others are (if your's fast atleast). Ok thats normal right in my case it did NOT go on like you would like it to . you join the game, aaaaaand 'server error returning to main menu' and that is happening offten. Also the most anyoing things about the servers is the fact that as soon as somebody leavs a game the servers have to adjust (guess that makes sense) but then you get a 'recovering gameplay state' loading screen and that could make you angry because if you are fighting in a fast skill reliant game you dont like sudden breaks that decide between win or loose.But sometimes the servers dont even work so good as to let you play the game 'offline'Here a short summary:Buy it if you see it's on sale and if you want do have it.Dont buy it if you cant deal with horrible servers and if you want to play it offline"
,Not Recommended,304390,30067528,Posted: 20 February,all,I don't like this game,"Game would be amazin with the brilliant fighting and the general enjoyment which you can get out of this game. However, the fact that there arent servers and the games are based on hosts just is a complete ♥♥♥♥ up and it really suffers because of this. Many games I have lost due to the opponents internet not being very good. As soon as that changes I will change my dislike to a like."
76561198079628208,Not Recommended,304390,30070984,Posted: 20 February,all,AMHOfficial,"This game is ACTUALLY a waste of money; I've clocked a decent amount of time into this game giving it the benefit of the doubt and it has slowly chipped away at my patience long enough for me to finally write a review on this game. I highly do not reccommend this game purely because of how its made. Let me elaborate... This game is based off of 1v1 so anything more is unplayable, sure you may get revenge and the occasional winning of a 3v1 or what have you but those come rare and few between and not enough to actually want to stick around; for the most part it is pay to get ahead, sure you may need some skill to actually make use of what you got but regardless money allows you to get ahead in this game. Now the balancing... The classes are all over the place and some more OP than other by a far margin, damage output on certain classes and the spammability of certain attacks is what hurts me so badly in this game, enough so to write this review... This game is unreal and not in a good way; I can't sit here daya fter day getting destroyed by the same non-sensical classes. There are so many things wrong with this game and sadly i can't refund it because I gave it the benefit of the doubt and hope that it would become a good game, I was wrong and i have wasted a significant amount of money because Steam also won't allow me to refund more thatn 2 hours played, which is a whole other rant because of wording and stupidity... But i digress. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AND SAVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY."
76561197961886012,Not Recommended,304390,31332053,Posted: 23 April,all,Сажа,"It's got some nice mechanics, horribly flawed at the top level but fun from bottom to mid. these are fixable.The connections are pretty middling, p2p and not the kinda thing that's acceptable for 60$. I was fine with this up until I started getting disconnected every third game because some guy was angry at me. ddos'ing is far too large a problem in this game, dedicated servers would fix this and I don't know that's gonna happen."
76561198044082603,Not Recommended,304390,30048105,Posted: 19 February,all,Ephrith,"I like this game. The combat is really deep and enjoyable and it's a cool premise. Probably many of you came because of one or the other of the aforementioned reasons. I really do want to recommend this game. Unfortunatly, this game is (as far as I can tell) exclusively an online game. If you want to play story mode you have to connect to a server, even if you just want to play it solo. Multi-player, of course it's online. It has to be, but dear lord, actually playing online is AWFUL. This is the WORST online experience I have ever had in a game, and I played Dark Souls 1 co-op. It is most noticable when you want to play with a friend. You get into a group, and launch matchmaking. You then wait.... and wait... and wait some more until it finally ""finds a game"", after which, if you are lucky, you get put into a game with your friend, select your hero and play. If you are unlucky, a number of different, really annoying, things can happen. Maybe only one of you gets into the game while the other person is sitting there trying to join your game while a bot is taking their place for no adequately explained reason. Maybe you, as the leader of the group, fail to join the game. Well not only does it kick you out of the matchmaking system, it also kicks your friend out of your group requiring you to reinvite them. Maybe it finds a game only to keep trying to look for players because there aren't actually enough players in the session for it to start, or maybe it finds a game except, oops, that game is full. Well they kick you out of matchmaking and kick your friend out of your group.You'll likely read some reviews complaining about the prominent ganking that happens throughout the game, but really it's just part of the way the game works. There are systems in place inherent to the game that makes fighting a 2v1 not completely a death sentence if you know what you are doing."
76561198079864658,Not Recommended,304390,30883032,Posted: 1 April,all,sev2881,"TLDR: Good game bad networking.Man did I want to like this game, FORCED myself to over look things, but damn I can't do it no more.I loved the combat system, how each hero had a feel when playing, some being better than others or fitting better per person. The Single player was rather good little short but not bad gave the world some breath and meaning and a why on the multiplayer (if you care about that)but no, the game isnt bad its networking is and that breaks it all.lagging around a match, or sitting because johnny badass couldn't handle talking smack and loosing instantly left so the games re syncing thus causing more to leaveand wasting your time before either putting you back ina  match or kicking you tot he menu with all progress losed ont he match. Random errors that for no reason throw you back to the main menu, games been playing great, no lag everyones stabbing each other then BAM a big F U NO MORE! and those get even more bothersome when you work on orders you don't have alot of fun with but need the steel or xp.and lastly an issue I'm having that I'm sick of fixing the ♥♥♥♥ING NAT has a mind of its ♥♥♥♥ING own, I'm a pc guy I understand all the fluffy tech bs I gotta do on some games, I'm cool with it, DOING IT AGAIN AND AGAIN FOR THE SAME GAME WHEN NOTHING HAPPENED TO CHANGE IT is driving me up a wall with I can't be bothered, it's happened randomly after a match, it's happened after updates, it's even happened when someone in my home turned netflix on I swear the♥♥♥♥♥♥is possessedby nurgle."
,Not Recommended,304390,30166437,Posted: 25 February,all,PandaKuma,GOOD GAMEPLAYBAD SERVER MANAGING
,Not Recommended,304390,30269147,Posted: 1 March,all,whaler223,♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft servers suk
76561198044992846,Not Recommended,304390,30266986,Posted: 1 March,all,morc,"Don't buy this game!The matchmaking and netcode is horrible.I made the mistake of thinking it would get better, but it's been out a while now, and still no changes.The mechanics are good and the game is fun when it works.Too bad half the time the matches dont even start and the other half it crashes halfway through.If I could go back I would refund this game, but sadly I can't."
,Not Recommended,304390,30267619,Posted: 1 March,all,MrToastly,Game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008065038,Not Recommended,304390,30265517,Posted: 1 March,all,Sir Noobfist,It started out great and then only got frustrating...Gameplay is great! To bad ubisoft wants the  game to fail it feels like.Last few days have been full of disconnects from the god awful P2P system andthe few matches that I managed to get into was the most unbalanced♥♥♥♥♥♥I have seen in a long time.Matchmaking strikt?... What are you even matchmaking? Every game I play there is two or more opponents with Gear lvl 108 and there I sit on my steady gear lvl 18... Thats fair! I know low geared people that can't play that much exists! You always stack them in one team!I guess dueling still works but thats more than half the game gone if you don't want to empty your bank account in favor of Ubisoft.Never been so angry at a game before... It has everything it needs to be awesome but just fail on the basics.GET SERVERS YOU CHEAP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Not worth the asking price as it is now.
,Recommended,304390,29982016,Posted: 17 February,all,Ragrot,"An amazing game with the caveat of obvious peer-to-peer connection problems. There's a fun and engaging single player (story) campaign, lots of choices in playstyle and multiplayer modes/options. It's a great fighting game in general, with one of the best historical eras represented.Also, pay no mind to the negative reviews talking about ""pay to win"" microtransactions. Everything you can buy extra in the store, can be earned by playing the game. It's entirely optional to purchase with real money and gives you no advantage in the game. Any of the gear you get can have it's stats disabled in game modes if so desired, turning it completely cosmetic.Overall, lacking dedicated servers, is the only real flaw of an otherwise, superb game, hopefully there's something that can be done about it further down the line... either way, even being severely affected by the p2p servers, myself, I still love the game and would recommend it to any fighting game aficionado."
76561198049568418,Not Recommended,304390,30229208,Posted: 27 February,all,Kiaginn :3,"If you ever wish to play this online, good luck to you. You can wait 5 hours to get into a game each and every day, only to get booted out of a match the moment you get into one. The game was fun at first, but after about 71 hows of haveing the game open and only being able to actually play online for about 20 hours of time, the fun dwindles. Very disapointed in the lack of variety. Moves will work fine one day then constantly fail the next, people using cheap techniques to get fast kills. Some of the highest take down scorers only know about 3 moves ""guard break, shove, and Unblockable-attack"" no skill just cheap tricks. Very little to No Honor in this games community or its creator"
,Not Recommended,304390,30123822,Posted: 23 February,all,Responsible Adult,"Really fun game at first, but eventually you just start getting paired with hyper defensive players who throw you off of a cliff after you wittle their HP down to one bar and then spam emotes. It hurts my feelings, you know? I never thought I would cry at a video game, but after a Warden jerked himself off of my headless corpse, and a raider air humped my mangled body, I realized that humanity is ♥♥♥♥ed and we would eventually take ourselves out with nuclear weapons."
76561198289710931,Not Recommended,304390,30560772,Posted: 16 March,all,Maddman35,"Well the game overall is great great graphic and such but every ♥♥♥♥ING time i try to join a match I get ♥♥♥♥ING KICKED, but hey you might actually enjow the game dont let me stop youu from playing."
76561197990744656,Not Recommended,304390,30625381,Posted: 19 March,all,Chewy,"do not buy. every match i think ""hey maybe this time ill get paired against somebody my level!"" and every single time i am wrong... oh so wrong.."
76561198008778535,Not Recommended,304390,30084132,Posted: 21 February,all,RefraX,"Ubisoft is nothing if not consistent when it comes to royally screwing their customers over. The game itself is fun, I'll admit, but it takes me half an hour on average to find a single match and a third of the matches I've played have disconnected mid-game. Worse still, finding pvp elimination matches is downright impossible, as the search eventually times out with an error. I'm hoping that some fixes are introduced soon or else this will be the last time I make the mistake of purchasing a Ubisoft game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30090487,Posted: 21 February,all,Maraboe,"The gameplay is really refreshing. Its something new and fun . when you win you feel great and when you lose its ok because the fight can still be fun on its own . you mess up , realise how and get better.customisation is really well done. A little more options towards coloring specific parts but  thats me just nitpicking.graphics and animations are really well done. runs perfectlythe p2p is simply a giant mess. 4 out of 10 i get dissconected. etiher due to a sync up error because someone ragequits or an unknown error. this makes the game impossible to play.when you are outnumbered  i.e. 2v1 .3v1. or got forbid 4v1. the implemented revenge system is not adequate enough to handle it and you probably wont stand a chance.swiching lock-on is cluncky♥♥♥♥♥hell.Dont get this game if you are looking for a fullfilling singleplayer. Its longer than lets say a battlefield1, but it still is just a showcase for the classes."
76561198134044094,Not Recommended,304390,30337399,Posted: 5 March,all,Rusty Steelflex,"Would be a great game if only the matchmaking allowed you to play.Problems:1) Connection is still terrible as I get dropped from more than 50% of my matches despite the game being out for several weeks already.2) Wait time between each match takes too long as it takes about:- 5 minutes to join a game- 1 minute to pick a character- 2 minutes to load the game3) Roughly 8 minutes to get into a game which an average match lasts between 10-15 minutes leading to  almost 40% of the game invovles waiting to play, which makes disconnections 1 minute into a game even more painful.Conclusion:Wait until Ubisoft solves the connection issues."
76561198114787581,Not Recommended,304390,30604466,Posted: 18 March,all,A Pimp Named Slickback,"Until Ubisoft fixes their severs and makes them dedicated instead of P2P I would wait to purchase this game. The gameplay is 9/10 but the connection issues makes this game almost unplayable and this is a month after launch. I'd say 3/10 games I get disconnected from and no rewards are given for those games. UBISOFT FIX YOUR **** SEVERS, THIS GAME COULD BE AMAZING!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30084033,Posted: 21 February,all,Saladass<3,PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX THE ISSUE OF DISCONNECTING RIGHT BEFORE THE MATCH IS OVER..... i have a green nat type and my internet is very good and i have had multipule occasions where i would be in a dominion match for 30 minutes or so and get disconnected at the last kill just before the win and i wont get any of my orders completed or any of my exp.... its honestly a waist of time to play if i dont even get to finish the match....
,Not Recommended,304390,31805463,Posted: 17 May,all,Lilipoot,"The game is addictive for sure. But it is not good. Unfortunately as far as fighting games go it's below par. It suffers from gamebreaking imbalance and a stagnant meta. I would reccomend looking into some other fighters with more matured development teams that are more worth your time.On an aside. I do like playing the game, but I also recognize that it isn't something I would want others to invest time in, I wish I could have mine back."
76561198004003665,Not Recommended,304390,34753250,Posted: 5 September,all,Fuck the king,"Terrible matchmaking - you get consistently queued into games where your opponents can be up to ten times or your level, have gearscores multiple times yours. Game has terrible class balance, have to invest more money to get gear despite being a paid game. Great concept terrible development.RUN AS FAR AS YOU CAN. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IF YOU HAVE, GET A REFUND ASAP."
76561198241704614,Not Recommended,304390,34748761,Posted: 4 September,all,brachydios12,"well after about 600 hours it's time I dropped my 2 cents on this game. I just can't recommend it as much as I enjoy it the community is hot garbage the balancing is very ew (I main Kensei trust me on this) and boy howdy do I like getting ganked, my light attacks parried, losing half of my health to a centurion:') yeah dude video gamesdo yourself a favor and don't buy it in it's current state"
76561198064210195,Not Recommended,304390,30170188,Posted: 25 February,all,Nohiahll,The matchmaking is horrible. 3/10 would not recommend until they fix the matchmaking.
,Not Recommended,304390,34428344,Posted: 22 August,all,Squidward Testicles,"Well...where do we begin? To start off with the concept of the game is amazing. But when it comes to things that would be expected from any game, For Honor sadly falls short. To start off with, there are alot of multiplayer bugs and problems with ""peer to peer"" connection, even though they say they have made improvements and changes to stop this. Couple things that bother me about this game is the fact that for some characters that are ""hard"" you would depend on ""cheese"" and the lack of balance the character has. Although it may take up to 2-3 months before they even think to liston to those who are still playing that game.Visually the game is great, but things that are deep in the mechanics and bugs such as flicker should have been fixed when more than half of the community have complained about it. I do have alot of hours on this game and ill admit i still like the game itself. But due to the multiplayer experience being so unreliable and the general mechanics not being what would be expected, my love for the game is surely falling.Would i recommend buying it? Probably not unless your ready to deal with the constant ""anti cheat"" kicks and entire lobbies being kicked from the game aswell.Another thing from at least what i have tried to find is the devs fully keeping up with the community and speaking with them. So far i havent seen any poles or anything to address issues. Im sure in the coming months-years they will fix these problems. But for now at least, this game has become mostly unplayable and unsatisfactory.Please, spend your money on a better game that isnt as unreliable as this.And one last thing i would like to mention, during a hosted tournament that the devs were even present for, cheating should not be brushed off and allowed to be rewarded. Unfair advantages and exploits ruin games, and if the devs dont care about that, then personally i dont think they care about much of the game in general. Cheating should be punished and not given a reward of cash and a trophy.Take what you want from this review, and im deeply sorry for those that had bought the game and have to come here to try and help the people who are gonna buy this game and be disappointed. Thanks, and have a great day."
76561198118221607,Not Recommended,304390,34742653,Posted: 4 September,all,Syhion,its♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198293879796,Not Recommended,304390,30006908,Posted: 18 February,all,bowwow05002922,Thier servers are really really bad.but to fair the story and the combat is nice. Also  the graphics was awesome
,Not Recommended,304390,30006872,Posted: 18 February,all,purplecoast,And I thought EA servers were bad.
76561198055539138,Not Recommended,304390,30089319,Posted: 21 February,all,Gilgamecha,Last 3 matches ended halfway through and sent everyone to the menu.  Fix your god damn game Ubisoft.
76561198034703471,Not Recommended,304390,30006930,Posted: 18 February,all,James.,Good game but server issues and techincial problems ruin it. DO NOT BUY till these are fixed.Refunded!
76561198277070707,Not Recommended,304390,30043709,Posted: 19 February,all,yetiIL,"this game is so ♥♥♥♥in cancer. this game is pretty much a pre build that lack blance is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and has the worst matchmaking ever. its like someone in ubisoft said ""the beta was♥♥♥♥♥♥we have to delay"" and someone else said"" the game has to much hype lets relese a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pre build that looks the same as the alpha and beta put in a boring short campigen so people cant refound and call it an AAA 66 dolar game"". the point is ubisoft is good at one thing and its ruennig my experiance they did it with rainbow six siege they did it with steep and now its for honors turn. i swer ubisoft has the most creative awsome game ideas but they just dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the gameplay and thats what they are selling,  an game concept."
76561198018135760,Not Recommended,304390,30212503,Posted: 26 February,all,Chase The Dragon,This game was a great idea but there are too many things that are broken/unplayable by any standard. I can not believe ubisoft would release a game in this state.
,Not Recommended,304390,30119951,Posted: 23 February,all,Superballs,Peer to peer servers makes this game not playable.There's no point going into detail about gameplay because the network issues don't give me any meaningful play.Note that the closed BETA did have drop in\out issues but this did not effect the combat flow like it does now...I want a refund.
76561198005347228,Not Recommended,304390,30123818,Posted: 23 February,all,Kibatsu,"Great gameplay, good fun, if you wouldn't get ""UNABLE TO CONNECT"" error messages all the time when trying to play. Also, incredible hard to set up a group with friends because of random uPlay issues.On top of the technical issues the game has microtransactions like a free-to-play game:http://www.game-debate.com/news/22537/for-honor-fans-arent-happy-about-the-cosmetics-takes-2-5-years-or-732-to-unlock-it-allSolid greed for a full-price title + season pass, etc.Wish I could refund the game. UninstalledFor Honorand uPlay right with it. Last Ubisoft game for me."
76561198218196453,Recommended,304390,30138533,Posted: 24 February,all,minami,It's fun when it works.
,Not Recommended,304390,30539975,Posted: 16 March,all,The Reptilian Reaper,I have not been able to even get in to ubisoft severs ive spent about 1 hour not playing trying to login to my ubisoft account but it always says    a Ubisoft sever is unavaibal please try later ive had this for 1 week and i really just wasted 80$ unless i can actually play but that will probally never happeni am going to leave a bad review for now i have played it is fun but it has only worked on my ps4 and it was really fun
,Not Recommended,304390,30539946,Posted: 16 March,all,Bacony Infusion,"Short reviewThis game is very poorly optimized when it comes to servers and matcmaking. Therefore, I have decided to split the review into a gameplay and a server-sectionGameplayThe gameplay is unique and very fun. It feels epic as you fight. There are 12 unqiue classes, all greatly designed, however, poorly balanced. The game generally does a great job on the gameplay-part, but there are some serious flaws when it comes to the gear-stats.Servers and matchmakingThis is where the game fails severely. There are a great chance that you will have to wait 10 minutes to even get into a match and afterwards be kicked out halfway through the match. For $60 this should be working like a sharm.OverallA very great game when it works. But i wouldn't spend $60 tomaybebe able to play it. I was one of the lucky, so i can play it just fine, and it is very fun! If you are a techy, you can fix it with enough will, but as a standard consumer i wouldn't buy it in its current state."
,Not Recommended,304390,30540250,Posted: 16 March,all,V0iD,"This game is good- but it has too many issues that make it a frustrating experience.Good:Most of the fighting mechanics are enjoyable.The Single-Player campaign is enjoyable.Bad:Single-Player campaign can't be played without a internet connection.Multiplayer has many issues, that is where most of the frustration comes from.When the multiplayer matches are over there are timed menus showing up that can't be skipped, very annoying. I'm talking about the sequence ""scoreboard, s##t you got like steel and armor"". Every. Single. Time. You. Are. Done. With. Any. Game. Mode. Can't. Be. Skipped.When a player leaves or joins a match, which happens frequently, the game will freeze and try to sync the connection between the players which creates a rubberband effect and player movements won't sync properly most of the time. Sometimes- I'd say around 40% of the time it will fail to sync and boot you to the main menu with a error message. It happens frequently enough to be frustrating. Combine this with the amount of time it takes to find a match most of the time and you got a really frustrating multiplayer experience. My NAT is open so it has nothing to do with my connection.And this is why I can't give the game a thumbs up, at least from what I have experienced so far, way too much frustration. It's almost like games are trying harder each year to become the most frustrating piece of hell on earth.To be honest though, I'm sure I will be playing this game and leaving it many times- hoping it gets better. Because I do find this game very attractive and enjoyable when it works smoothly, it's just a shame that it doesn't in the long run."
76561198024552866,Not Recommended,304390,31114998,Posted: 13 April,all,Crippling Depression,"Man...it's honestly sad because this game has one of the best/funnest combat systems I've ever played but the matchmaking is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ not to mention the devs are basically abandoning the game at this point. Each 1v1 duel I queue up in I either get matched with someone who is level 1-5 or a ♥♥♥♥ing rep 2, don't even get me started on the AFK bots and for ♥♥♥♥ sakes the connectivity is horrid. Honestly I really feel like this game is such a good game without the issues, it would have been ♥♥♥♥ing amazing if this game had been created by anyone other than Ubishit. Sigh...don't buy this game...just don't. It'll break your heart."
,Not Recommended,304390,30071051,Posted: 20 February,all,SABER,"Nothing about winning or losing in this game feels good.  You either have the opponent on the defensive until one move kills you, or win by losing the whole fight just to throw someone off a cliff.  Certain characters lack mobility leading to situations where you loose at the pick screen - unable to dodge boring combos.Amazing ideas...terribly implemented....why P2P?  I get it's cheaper, but if you want to make a fighting game in the vain of Soul Calibur or Tekken - STABLE CONNECTIONS ARE A MUST.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,304390,30229570,Posted: 27 February,all,Ark Royal Kai,"i like this game the combat is fun the world map battle for territory is fun, how ever there is one glooming problem with this game, it is peer to peer and if your someone like me who can never connect to a match or wait a long period of time it is not fun, for that reason i cannot recommend this game. also the game has always online DRM so even if i can get a match going i have even worse lag and if my internet slows down too much ddue to it when i am in the single player it will kick me from the game"
76561198041323061,Not Recommended,304390,30275101,Posted: 2 March,all,Grandburger,"Don't believe the hype, this game is good, but somehow Ubisoft manages to screw everything up by being the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are, gg. bought the season pass, unfortunately I have a feeling Ubisoft is going to rip me off on that too.Hope you crash and burn Ubisoft, you're better off making facebook games, than publishing titles like this that could of been awesome."
76561198303562075,Not Recommended,304390,29985278,Posted: 17 February,all,Troxonomos,"Positives:The gameplay is magnificent, smooth, and well designedThe graphics are really goodThe customisation is also really goodIf I were to rate this game on gameplay it would be a 9/10 BUTNegatives:The servers are TRASH!The game is SUPER UNBALANCED for example some heroes are USELESS against some others and there are also a few that are broken as ♥♥♥♥ and can't be defeated without throwing them of the edge... it reminds me MMO games but with only 12 heroes...The match making is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ most of the time you are level 1 and play against an amazing prestige 2 player who is not really an amazing player but he just spams the same moves over and over and you can't do nothing about it BUT if you are lucky enough it doesn't matter you can simply throw him of the edge and die immediately.At its current state i do NOT recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30500335,Posted: 13 March,all,FcukCensorship,"UPDATE: Game is dead don't buy it. It's down to 3000 players. I already uninstalled it after disconnecting 10 times in half an hour.TLDR: Don't waste any money on this game until they fix the multiplayer issues.Almost 50,000 players on steam when this game came out, now there is roughly 8000.Here is one of the reasons why:You enter matchmaking to find a gameTakes about 5-10 minutesYou play the game its amazing, for maybe 8-10 minutes.After the game in the lobby half the players leave so you wait 20 or so seconds for more players to get matched.Another player leaves and you are kicked back out to the multiplayer screen.You enter matchmaking to find a game..I was really looking forward  to the game and was considering holding out for a sale because of all the bad reviews I heard about its multiplayer issues. But like a dumb♥♥♥♥♥I went ahead and bought it at full price, ignoring all the other bad reviews on here. Hopefully steam accepts my refund request.Save yourself the trouble until they fix the multiplayer. Do the research, the last patch they introduced was just ballancing heros. They haven't announced or acknowledged this issue as far as I can see."
76561198062982422,Not Recommended,304390,31303464,Posted: 22 April,all,Berby,"Fun game when you actaully get to play a match. Not that you'll ever get the chance to, this game has the WORST matchmaking system I have ever encountered by far. Depending on the game mode you choose matches will generally take 5 or minutes to finish. However waiting for one will be about 20-30 minutes. Not to mention the fact that once you actually do get in a match 50% of the time you'll be disconnected anyhow. So if you have the patience by all means go for it. I just wish I could get back the $100 I spent of this huge disappointment."
76561198120151051,Not Recommended,304390,31301337,Posted: 22 April,all,Big Papa Coffee,"In a word, this game is awful. I, along with many others have put up with godawful matchmaking and having to restart the game because it will not reconnect thanks to P2P, and I wont anymore. One thing wrong with this game is the characters... Half of them are broken and use cyclones or whirlwinds and you cant even defend yourself against it rendering you dead and that character broken. I don't even want to get into the levels, on four seperate occaisions I have played with people at least 7 times my level... IN A DUEL. Please, do not buy this game, and if it's too late, spread the message that this game, and Ubisoft should be boycotted until they learn how to properly finish a game, and listen to their community who sticks around them clinging for life on to the dull hope that maybe... maybe one day they will get their money's worth.Edit: After a month of not playing I see Ubisoft rewards people that pay them even more to this unfairly full priced game with broken characters. Dont buy.EDIT: I've played since closed beta and I would also like to point out that on average, positive reviews = roughly 20 hrs, whereas negative reviews like mine are usually 100 hrs or more..."
76561198078992364,Not Recommended,304390,30548963,Posted: 16 March,all,Roberto,"Game (servers included) management is greedy, inefficient and plain stupid."
,Not Recommended,304390,30265898,Posted: 1 March,all,Dope,"""Balanced matchmaking"" <3"
,Not Recommended,304390,30223107,Posted: 27 February,all,Yomi,Waste of money! Server are going down and its overpriced.
76561198022152615,Not Recommended,304390,30251620,Posted: 28 February,all,Buzzlin,"Honestly I thought this was going to be a fun.  I bought out of peer pressure to be honest, friends wanted me to play with them and after i bought it they don't play.  That part aside the game just isn't fun.  The Peer to Peer connection instead of dedicated servers is just icing on the cake really.  The matchmaking is really what did it for me.  For Honor gameplay is more like play a game for 45 sec and then watch other people better then you play. Rinse and repeat. It is not an enjoyable experience to be dead most of the time.  If you have the time to devote to the game in getting good and learning all the heros movesets and counters then have at it. But I myself don't have that kind of time.TLDR:  If you have loads and loads of time to get good at this game and don't mind the P2P connection have at it.If you don't have a lot of time to game, pass on this."
76561198255877192,Not Recommended,304390,31108947,Posted: 12 April,all,ElementsOfDark,"It's a great game when it works. But the problem is that you will drop out of a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of matches and that really sucks. It takes quite a while to connect and when you do there is a chance that you will just drop. Another issue that comes to mind is the matchmaking is extremely poor quality. I often find myself playing with people who have characters at prestige 15 or so. for a comparison, at 75 hours of game time, im prestige level 2. This makes for an extremely poor experience as I find that I cannot compete at all, which destroys the game experience for me. Also the campaign feels very short and the story is very very bland.  Other than those negatives, the combat is wonderful and flows very very well. The game is also beautiful, every map looks as though a ton of time went into it to make it feel right. the gamemodes are pretty limited at a total of five with three of them essentially being duels with different numbers of players. So on buying this game, I would either wait for a pretty darn good sale, lets say for about $30 or so, or wait to see if matchmaking is fixed because that's easily 95% of the content of the game."
76561198085552090,Not Recommended,304390,30402767,Posted: 8 March,all,flaviokozz,"Seriously good game, but since its ubisoft dont buy it, DONT BUY THE GAME, it is a p2p client which is absolute crap.The game is buggy, the updates made it even worse, ubisoft is by far the worst company I've purchased games from, this is not the first time they do this.You capitalist pigs just want to sell your games at full price and then not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your customers.DONT BUY THE GAMEDONT BUY THE GAMEDONT BUY THE GAMEDONT BUY THE GAMEDONT BUY THE GAMEDONT BUY THE GAME"
76561198039607919,Not Recommended,304390,30500531,Posted: 13 March,all,B.j. Titsengolf,"Fun game, fun campaign, unfun multiplayer.Once again, ubisoft fails at something that involves a server. P2p connection shouldn't be a thing for a major game corporation. We didn't pay you 60-100 dollars to constantly disconnect because little Ronnie decided playing For Honor on sattelite internet was a good idea. Secondly, the game punishes you for being new and/or casual. When you search for a match you barely find one with ""strict"" player skill, as it goes to extended after 20 seconds, roughly. When it finds one, you're usually matched against people who are 2+ prestige, because Ubisoft is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you aren't spending enough money on micro transactions. It had great potential, but once again, Ubisoft is in competion with EA to be the worse name in games out there."
,Not Recommended,304390,30500645,Posted: 13 March,all,zoinks,"Consistent connection issues, lack of depth to anything but the combat system, toxic community. A very excellent game for 30 dollars, but not at all for full price. I think it will get better over time, but right now I just end up frustrated and disappointed."
76561198012457332,Not Recommended,304390,30269163,Posted: 1 March,all,Saonyx,"I have to say, I didn't really know what I was getting into with For Honor when I purchased it. I only got to play a small sliver of the open beta, and I was really hoping that a lot of the kinks that were apparent would be fixed. Unfortunately, things took a turn for the worse.Even with a good internet connection, you find yourself constantly plagued with various errors, or matchmaking incongruities that should not exist in this type of a game; common sense would dictate that while I am searching for a match to join, the matchmaker shouldn't try and connect me to an already full lobby, and then gives me an error stating the lobby was full only to kick me back to the mainscreen.As the time that For Honor has been released increases, many of the veteran players find themself prestige 3 with multiple champions, and a near maxed gear score. This makes sense from a certain standpoint that players that ""main"" a certain champion, and pour forth time and energy into leveling them should be better equipped than someone just starting off. However, this leads me to an aspect of the game that is rather difficult to explain fairly. Often times, the algorithm that is used to matchmake is fairly balanced, but as of late, as I continue to level up other champions I have wanted to play for a while and having no gear on them, I find myself at an extreme disadvantage when put into a lobby where at least 2 of the enemy players are prestige 3 and max gear score. The enemy players get Revenge extremely quickly, and they all but two-shot me as I have no gear since I am leveling. I can understand that this game is geared towards a more ""hardcore"" audience than other MOBA games, but if Ubisoft hopes to prolong this game, they need to lower the barrier to entry, or risk not having a lot of new players enter the ranks of the Vikings/Knights/Samurai.TLDR: In it's current state, I cannot recommend this game, but I definitely feel that I have got my monies worth from it."
76561198030229557,Not Recommended,304390,32004175,Posted: 27 May,all,ManicChampion,"This is an online, competitive, fighting game;The game is full to the brim with bugs, which seem to get worse immediately after an update and then sooner or later it gets patched to deathConnection issues are a constantLazy balancingLets not even get into how annoying the DLC characters areAll in all Frustrating gameplay. I can't tell whether this is the game or the online community... probably both"
76561197974315887,Not Recommended,304390,29942795,Posted: 15 February,all,Yurizle,"So after playing a week of this video game, it all comes down to children with moms credit card maxed out on awesome gear which has high stats so microtransactions is pretty much pay to win guaranteed.The game also rewards losers with a mode called Revenge which basicaly gives the losing player 2nd wind and makes all actions uninteruptable. While revenge mode is gained by being ganked, you have to get ganked in order to win so this synergy works well with the above pay to win since you can spend alot of money and can get gear with high revenge bonus stats.Like all video games it just takes 1 youtube video to show case a simple 100% winning combo for everyone else to use it and abuse it to guarantee ensured victory.It's a good video game but it is also a very bad video game thats okay to play sometimes.-While down syndrome and autism is less severe here there is little thought or finese in the end. The violin music in the menus is great and their micro transaction menus and prices feel like a mix of Dragon Age: Inquisition mixed with standard asian mmo rpg as one can purchase cosmetics with fire wings and soon probably ethereal cosmetics and alike.Balancing the characters will never happen because you just cannot, just like in any fighting video game, so players go for which ever is easiest to use so the gameplay becomes a battle of attrition. It will be super adorable of this game gets a competitive scene.For Honor is an experience that is ultimately meant to be played on a mobile device while you are commuting to work / college via public transportation.-After update today the game runs with no sound, hangs in task manager and gameplay mechanics are as bad as they where on release. Revenge mode spam and p2w mechanics is what For Honor is.Abide by the reviews and let us be the ginuea pigs to not waste your hard earned money on this mobile app game."
,Recommended,304390,31855741,Posted: 20 May,all,Tricky,"I'm too lazy to write a whole review on this great game, so Im going to copy and paste a review that really sums up this game, all credit to writing it goes to Zachriel for writing a actual good review.I was skeptical at first about spending $60 on For Honor. I took the risk, knowing full well what I might be getting. And I do not regret my purchase one bit. What I don't understand is why it's so loathed...That's going to be the general gist of my review of For Honor. I know it's going to bring cries that I'm just shilling for Ubisoft or that I'm some rabid fanboy on the defensive, clutching desperately at straws in an attempt to excuse otherwise inexcusable faults in For Honor... but really? Mostly Negative? If you're interested in For Honor, I urge you to take a few moments to read this before deciding to avoid the game yourself because of the negative reviews.I don't think it really needs repeating, but I'll give a brief overview on the points that I think have been covered well in other reviews already left here on Steam:Gamplay is incredibly fun, the combat system mixing the simplicity of spectacle fighters with the complexity of traditional fighting games.The Campaign is nothing to really write home about. It serves the purpose of acting as a sort of extended tutorial/practice mode before you dive into multiplayer, but aside from the occasional DAUBENY! meme, there's nothing too memorable about it. It's not really like we needed an excuse for them to be beating the crap out of each other to begin with.Matchmaking needs some refining. It's not uncommon for new players to get paired up with veteran, well-geared players in the Dominion, Elimination, and Skirmish matches, where gear actually matters beyond just looking pretty.Game balance is very much a work in progress. At launch, some characters (Raider and Lawbringer, notably) were rather lacking and difficult to contend against while others (Peacekeeper and Warden, notably) had some insane balance issues that made them outright broken and frustrating to fight against. While several of those issues have been taken care of, there are still some balance concerns in the game.""But why is this game then listed as Mostly Negative under reviews? This doesn't sound so bad!"" you may ask. And you're right, it isn't. But there's some misinformation and bad publicity that has hit For Honor that's swaying people away from it. In reality, For Honor is not as terrible as many of the reviews would have you believe. And -that's- what I wanted to focus my review on. So let's start.Peer-to-Peer Connectivity and Network Issues: Was Ubisoft Too Cheap or Lazy to get Dedicated Servers?According to Betteridge's Law of Headlines, No. Many reviews point to peer-to-peer connectivity as some sort of nail-in-the-coffin for For Honor, stating that it makes the game unplayable in its current state and many even suggesting that Ubisoft was either too lazy or too cheep to invest in dedicated servers.These people have never worked in networking or touched video game netcode in their life.If they had, they would understand that For Honor, being a fighting game, requires peer-to-peer connectivity. Dedicated servers, which require time to update based on information each client (people playing) sends to them. In a game with so many reaction-based actions, a dedicated server would require netcode which would either make the game a total spamfest of swings with little point in parrying or blocking, or a war of the turtles where attacks that would actually land would be few and far between due to the need for compensation on the part of the netcode to account for the server update rate. Would it be more stable? Yes. Would it be more secure? Yes. But it would not work nearly as well with For Honor's current mechanics. If dedicated servers are needed, then the game is going to need a ground-up overhaul of the gameplay, something that really does -not- need fixing as For Honor's fighting system is an incredible one.Peer-to-Peer is a necessary evil of For Honor's mechanics and, thankfully, Ubisoft had the foresight to fix the long-loathed ""host advantage"" of peer-to-peer multiplayer by distributing out the load amongst all players in the session. There are still issues, and you may face problems with connectivity and latency, but these are not problems that would be immediately fixed by a dedicated server. At best, they'd happen slightly less often, and the game would run like a brick in a washing machine. So no, peer-to-peer is not an issue.Microtransactions?! In my $60 game?! UNACCEPTABLE! - ... Except not really.I'm sure we're all well acquainted with Ubisoft's usual greed when it comes to games. Especially their rampant use of season passes and half-baked DLC as attempts to milk every nickel and dime they can out of a game before they're outright forced to publish another game. One would think the addition of microtransactions into the game would be just a continuation of that, right? Well, no... and that's the part that kinda terrifies me because, for once, Ubisoft actually didn't make the greedy decision here...I know, I know, it sounds hard to believe, but bear with me while I explain. In For Honor, Steel is the currency used to buy just about everything. Gear, outfits, emotes, executions... all bought and paid for with Steel. You can earn Steel by playing games, completing daily challenges, or doing the campaign and snagging the collectibles hidden throughout it. However, you also have the option to buy packs of Steel from Ubisoft. ""PAY TO WIN!"" shrieks the crowd that has never touched a Korean MMO before and wouldn't know what ""pay-to-win"" was if it actually ate their wallet. The only ""power"" one can really buy comes in one of two forms: a feat pack for heroes (which you'll unlock for each hero with just a few hours of gameplay, it really doesn't take that long), or gear (which only really matters in Dominion, Elimination, or Skirmish modes. If you're dueling or brawling, gear is just for show). Even the gear, however, doesn't give a definitve advantage, as each gear piece comes with a bonus to one stat (like revenge duration or attack damage) at the cost of another (like increasing cooldowns on your feats or increasing the stamina it costs to use each attack). This is, of course, all subject to balance problems, but that will come with time.In what little time I've played (yes, 100 hours [at time of writing] is not that much compared to what a LOT in the community have put in), I've earned probably upwards of 50,000 steel. Just doing dailies and playing matches. this is more than enough to purchase whatever goodies in game you'd like.Ubisoft was actually not greedy about this. Purchasing Steel is simply an option left to those who play a bit more casually and think that the time they'd spend earning that steel is worth more than the money they'd spend to get the same amount. It's a convenience, nothing more.Balance, Patches, and... Ubisoft actually listening to the community?!Again, I know, reading that must have felt like reading the headline ""Lasting Peace in Middle East Achieved,"" but I'm actually serious. While it has taken some time, between launch and now, allow me to go over some of the community complaints that have been had regarding For Honor:Peacekeeper light attack spam is annoying and overpowered - AddressedWarden vortex is unfair and not fun to go against - AddressedLawbringer is too weak for the job he's expected to perform in the meta - AddressedNetcode is unstable and a lot of disconnects have happened - Addressed; Ongoing patches still occurring to optimizeSteel is too difficult to earn outside of buying it - Addressed; rewards increased up to 50% just for playingRevenge stats on gear are too strong - AddressedThis is just a small sample of the issues For Honor players have brought up, and many of them have already been addressed!"
,Not Recommended,304390,31205969,Posted: 17 April,all,Tinky Big Winky,"Community is so cancerous, finding and joining matches is a loading simulator, Feats and gearscore are overpowered, lack of gamemodes (4), ♥♥♥♥♥♥ singleplayer, crap customisation options, so many expolits that make the game unfair, the combat is boring and lackluster (playing defensively is the way to go, according to the current meta), the Devs are ♥♥♥♥ing clueless and i've seen better character balancing in smiteThis game was a giant dissapointment for me, I was so hyped for this game for years, even played in all of the alphas and betas, for the time being I can't recomend this game, it sucks"
76561198094260678,Not Recommended,304390,30269879,Posted: 1 March,all,::,"This is 100% true. I was playing a game with someone by the username ""Fix-Servers"" when the Ubisoft servers went down two seconds before we won the match.That ridiculous moment sums up most of my experience: interesting game weighed down by bad servers, bugs, AFK players, and a microtransaction system that forces you to choose between your wallet and your time. Getting kicked out of games and losing meager rewards due to bugs only compiles the frustrations of the poor microtransaction economy."
,Recommended,304390,30123686,Posted: 23 February,all,iBUYAIMBOT,"To be totally honest, i dont know what the negative reviews are doing here. For Honor is a game that i have come to love after investing 10 hours into it. The story mode is great, and successfully makes everything feel so immersive. the three chapters you get to play are in the viking, samurai, and knight territories, and each chapter has a unique feel, losing this feeling of repetitiveness that other games have (cough) (cough) Mafia 3. it prepares you for multiplayer by taking you through most of the classes, while testing you fighting skills in every mission. The mulltiplayer is also something tat i really love. the p2p hosting was something i heard a lot of people complaining about, but i havent encountered any problems with it at all, so dont let it hold you back from picking up this game. In the multiplayer there is a faction between the 3 factions i mentioned before and they execute this way better than Mortal Kombat X did in so many ways. Its a great immersive experience, and it is truly worth a try after you finish story mode.One problem you might encounter is the gear system. The more you play the better gear you get, the better your character is, and although Ubisoft have very good matchmaking when it comes to this stuff, i have run into people with way better gear giving them the advantage. Luckily this isnt made Pay2Win at all. Moving on, seeing that it is Ubisoft, of all companies, you might think that the graphics are really bad compared to what has been shown through trailers, however, this is not the case on For Honor, as it may have been in Watch Dogs. The graphics are amazing, and breathtaking; this game doesnt even take a beast PC to run on max settings. Although there are some rough spots on Story, Multiplayer runs like a dream. My gtx 970 can handle everything this game throws at me, and more! This is something Ubisoft have taken time to make, and it really shows. The writers, and designers deserve a pat on the back, as they have truly created a masterpiece. My final verdict for this game (if you arent sold on it already) is a 9/10."
76561198183913091,Not Recommended,304390,30021917,Posted: 18 February,all,newbie,"This game crashes everytime I open it, even with the recommended standards it still doe to work. Which means that I spent this whole lot of money on nothing. Hope ubisoft can change that"
76561198039336908,Not Recommended,304390,30479082,Posted: 12 March,all,JTUsn12,If it wasn't for all the connection dropouts due to companies trying to save a buck I would actually give this a positive rating.  However since I can't seem to keep a game going this loses quite a few points with me since I can't even enjoy the multiplayer which this game is supposed to be about.  I shoul've seen this coming from a mile away but I think we all fall for the obvious stuff.  I won't recommend this unless you got alot of patience with the connection issues.
76561198137504309,Not Recommended,304390,30349802,Posted: 5 March,all,Crowmando,"For Honor has so much potential. So, so much potential.I love the gameplay. I've never had as much fun in a fighting game as this one. The modes are great and all of the heroes are varied and fun to play.However, with Ubisoft's idiotic decision to use peer to peer connections in a game that requires split second timing, I can't recomend this game at all.Fix this issue and all of the annoying bugs/server issues and I'll change my standing."
,Not Recommended,304390,30297585,Posted: 3 March,all,✮ST4RVY✮,"The game itself is good,it's the community that f*cks it.Game: 8/10Community: 2/10It has the most pathetic community I've ever encountered. So many weak saltlords."
76561198007216769,Not Recommended,304390,30955527,Posted: 4 April,all,Tengu8888,"Unfortunately connection issues kill this game. If Ubisoft could just fix the connectivity then the game would be great.I played in the closed beta and right from the release. I played a lot games VS. Ai, because those game modes appear to be more stable than PVP matches - a shame, but even against bots the game makes fun playing. Ubisoft triess to improve the connectivity, but until the game stability didn't improve considerably, I cannot recommend buying this game. Even worse.Since the 1.04 update I cannot start the game at all. Error 7-00000005 is comon for many people. It prevents players from playing the game at all. Some people buy the game month ago, but never played, simply because they cannot make it into the game. One may think that fixing this problem should have priority for ubisoft, but no official coment on it yet, and the customer support doesn't have a solution either.Suma sumarum, stay away from For Honor. There is the high risk, that out of the sudden, your game refuses to start."
,Not Recommended,304390,30204935,Posted: 26 February,all,Asterit,"An attempt was made at making a medieval fighting game. Personally I find it fun albeit unbalanced. Although I wouldn't bother buying it if I were you because it's plagued with a myriad of issues that simply prevent you even getting on the game. The EasyAntiCheat program they use is so broken it'll spit out an error upon one day trying to play the game and every attempt from there on to play it results in steam telling you the game failed to start.Then before those problems arise, you have server connection issues and YOU HAVE TO HAVE A CONSTANT CONNECTION THE WHOLE TIME to even play the game. So on that stormy day when your internet is down and want to hack and slash people in For Honor, don't even try, you won't get passed the intro. And as a side-note you'll more than likely be booted out the game anyway because their servers are hosted on a potato.Then there's the issue of P2P connection in multiplayer. Nice of Ubisoft to show they care about their game when they won't even invest in dedicated servers. If you're thinking it doesn't make sense for 4 vs 4 matches to use dedicated servers, just look to Rocket League who's standard game type is 3 vs 3 and uses dedicated servers. I hardly ever had issues with them. I guess Ubisoft want to cut costs wherever they can because it doesn't matter if they make a good game or not, it's just about the money. This proven evident by their microtransaction options for in-game currency.So fellow gamer, save your money and your time and look elsewhere for a game that actually works and a developer who isn't so money hungry that they'd cut corners and release a broken unplayable product."
76561198109627387,Not Recommended,304390,30124274,Posted: 23 February,all,My Name Is Chef,"I love this game. But I feel comfortable saying I don't recommend it, just to raise awareness for Ubisoft's horrible P2P connection that is ruining the game for many people. As soon as dedicated servers go up, this review will become positive."
76561198119594232,Not Recommended,304390,30709659,Posted: 24 March,all,Anime Destroyer,"The main issue I've run into is not being able to connect with my friends. We'll be able to play with each other if we end up in the same game randomly, but It's impossible to connect with them otherwise. Not to mention the blocking system is kinda broken. I'll attack my opponent in a direction their not blocking in, they'll block it, and when the full block icon disappears, they'll still be blocking in the direction they were holding before. This game is really fun when it works, but if I can't even do something as basic as connect with my friends, it almost completely defeats the purpose of me playing. As it is now, I can recommend it only if you plan on not playing with friends and have a constant connection. Don't get me wrong. I really like this game. I like the concept and I like the graphics, but Ubisoft needs to fix their ""servers"" before I can seriously suggest trying to play this with friends."
,Not Recommended,304390,30599296,Posted: 18 March,all,Kaiie,"Game itself is fantastic, everything around it is garbage. (Peer2Peer, bad matchmaking, horrible team balancing).I recommend you pass on the game, or wait for a good sale, the value is definitely not there for this one."
76561198000319928,Not Recommended,304390,30600014,Posted: 18 March,all,Drallim,"Game is great, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does p2p suck"
,Not Recommended,304390,30909619,Posted: 2 April,all,Keith,More than half of my games have ended with me being disconnected and sent back to the main menu.
76561197993512067,Not Recommended,304390,30092659,Posted: 21 February,all,Bigpapa,"Great game, lots of fun, but pretty terrible matchmaking concept. Supposed to search for specific skill guidelines and they are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I get qued with prestige players and im not even level 10, ya, that makes sense. Most games either have someone leave, so the game has to find another bot, and pause the game, or it 'tries' to do so and freezes on the syncronizing msg. Not sure why this is a full release game when matchmaking, since its a 100% online game anyway, is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. WTB better matchmaking to be able to enjoy the game. The other issue i have with this game is that you can all but finish a map and then it kicks you out of the group saying your fps is too low... why the flying ♥♥♥♥ is it too low at the end of the match and fine for the rest? FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE!!!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29939559,Posted: 15 February,all,DOEMZ,"gameplay is very funsoundtrack is pretty blandEDIT: constant freezing, bad matchmaking, and unbalanced characters ruin the game"
,Not Recommended,304390,31268702,Posted: 20 April,all,Akida1248,"Playing an Assassin/Harasser character type my main play style would be to be FASTER than my opponents. I would run faster to get away or catch them. Additionally I would have more stamina and attack faster. Other than those all other stats I expect to lose on thus influencing my play style. Additionally as with most fighting games I play i spend a large amount of time playing thos opponents I have the most issues with or that seem to be used frequently (Nobu, PK, Law, Warden... cmon we all know what im talking about here)Fast forward to today and due to gear score (which in a skill based game is insane) just having the gear imo imagine street fighter with gear?) and you quite literally have instances where tanks and heavy characters are quite literally just at base faster than me. Take that and you have a wild disparity between someones ability to play they character you claim to have spent time ""developing"" and ""balancing"" and the hars reality that someone base stats from health to damage to speed are all higher at their lowest than yours at their highest. This wouldnt be an issue if it was a rare occasion but with math done but what I can only assume to be monkeys these matchmaking scenarios happen constanltly. I ran 20 matches before writing this and in almost all of these we had huge gaps not just between myself and the other players but uneven team balance as a whole with gearscores in the hundreds and renowns of double digits on the other team vs a team of relatively lower numbers even when i was on the side benefitting myself I had to test and ask players: hey are you guys in a group? No? so it just put you all on this team with me because reasons? and sure enough we end up destroying the other team who never had a chance and also werent grouped up.At the end of the day you have a ood idea but it was strangled by the corporate greed (The gear and unlocks) <- clearly the only reason for its implementation and wouldnt have been a big deal if the gear values at higher levels didnt literally change not just the play style of that character which would be ok but literally that characters ability to superseed any other character even in that opposing characters specialty. Mix that in with horrible ""fair-play"" matchmaking and a horrible P2P network setup. Which beyond its obv flaws of it being impossible to ever really be ""competitive"" with that if streaming I couldnt finish one match out of like 10 without a DC returning me to menu. wrap that up with a clear inability or lack of desire to listen to any feedback from the people playing the game in regards to balacning changes and instead rol out tweaks update to update that leave more players scratching their head than agreeing with the changes you make and you see another example of Ubisoft ruining what could have been an great piece of IP with their cookie cutter micro transaction ways. I am officially boycotting all Ubisoft products as are many among my groups of friends."
,Not Recommended,304390,30195689,Posted: 26 February,all,wwwwwwwwww,bought it..love the fighting mechanics however getting this NAT strict type connection..can't play Dominion mode or Deathmatch..error..disconnecting..this is all i see when tried to matchmake these modes..bummer
,Not Recommended,304390,29930765,Posted: 14 February,all,D O N N Y Xans,"EDIT: It was fun at first, it really was, but the game is dead. Not due to P2P servers, not due to microtransactions or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ people are bringing up... But to poor management of balance. Defensive meta and seriously overpowered revenge gear completely ruins the fun that was in this game in the first few weeks. And while Ubisoft has all the power in their hands to create a revenge cooldown and some new attacks to combat the defensive meta, they spend all their time creating new useless content like boring maps and even more boring heroes and expect you to pay for it. Its rainbow all over again, but worse.TL;DR: If you wanna have fun with this game, buy a time machine."
,Not Recommended,304390,31124704,Posted: 13 April,all,Smeagol's Bane,"This game is so awesome.  Unfortunately Ubisoft doesn't support it and it's probably too late to fix that.  This game is based around having a good player count and as you can see from the data(http://www.githyp.com/for-honor-117356/player-count)we are less than 1% of the launch.  I wish I could tell people to buy this game: then I'd have people to play with.  But the truth is until Ubisoft get their crap together I'd treat this game like the plague.  Maybe if there's a sell for $10, I'd highly recommend it."
76561197961299028,Not Recommended,304390,32322241,Posted: 10 June,all,☑ LAGINATOR,Solid game but servers make it unplayable.
76561198065965091,Not Recommended,304390,30341159,Posted: 5 March,all,lostsatellite,"It's a great game.  The combat is solid, engaging and there's level upon level of complexity to it.But, the network issues and microtransactions kill a lot of the fun.  Actually, most of the fun.Such a shame - if not for terrible business practices, this would be an instant classic."
76561198078224670,Not Recommended,304390,30192252,Posted: 26 February,all,IIIIIIIIIIII,"Ok first, don't get me wrong, i love this game, it's a really good game. But seriously, what the game have that is good in the gameplay, the f*cking connection blows it, i mean i can't remember how many times that i landed a hit on the enemy (his heath is damage in red) but immediately after, somehow he blocked it and his HP go back to before the hit, it's like on your side of connection, you hit him.But on his side, he blocked it ,like his action overwrites yours, lol. And of course, all the connection problems you heard out there happens way too often. So if you ever think that your internet is strong, buy and play For Honnor!!!!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30089876,Posted: 21 February,all,Tanox Branar,"As of right now, I cannot recommend this game to anyone, not for the price, not for the completeness, and not for the game. I feel I have to be pretty brutal about this, considering how the gaming community reacted to games like No Man's Sky suggesting it was mis-advertised; this has done that much more so.I feel this was marketed as more of a fighting simulator rather than the mash-em-ups we all know and love, but I'm afraid to say it's more of the same with a brand new control system. I see what they're trying to do, and it still has potential to grow into something that could be more skill and tactic based, but they have been afraid to let go of all the tropes we recognise, all of which were designed for that old-style fighter and have no place in a ""simulator"". It looks like a simulator, and to some small degree they've achieved it, but not enough to suggest that's what this game actually IS.As for balance, still a long way off! You'll notice 90% of players are all using one of two Heroes, because they are insanely overpowered in speed, attack strength and so forth. You're character is a bit slow right? Well surely he makes up for this slow movement by the attacks striking quite the blow when they land. Oh, nope. My attacks are significantly weaker than the super fast guy I'm against. You'll also find that occasionally (and I haven't figured out why yet) your character will decide to lie down on their back for a while during a fight and refuse to move out of the way of the incoming (and painfully slowly wound up) attack. Not a clue why, no part of the story campaign touches upon this that I've found.As I study Kenjutsu, it goes without saying I was excited to be a Samurai warrior, and this kind of comes back to what I was saying before about this NOT being a fighting simulator; do not try and use actual fighting logic in this game, 80% of the time the game has mechanics that work against this. I've lured a big burly knight into thinking he can launch an attack on me, but I'm ready. Excellent, he's gone for a heavy attack, he's doing a ridiculous pirouette to gain some momentum on his sword, the fool!!! Quick shoulder barge will obviously knock him well off balance and he will be facing away from me, and then I'll hit the hell out of him. Hahaha, don't be silly. No, what actually happens in this circumstance is that the knight in question is quite untouchable, I stumble backwards for having dared use well-established fighting tactics and don't even slightly throw the knight off his stride as his blow lands with no less force than it would've done had I recited Shakespearen text at him instead. Unfortunately I can't help but think along these lines, as I've spent a lot of time learning about when to use certain approaches in a sword fight. Perhaps someone looking this purely as a game will have better luck getting past this stumbling block.I'm still hoping for this game though - they seem to be saying they will continue working to improve this game, and I still trust Ubisoft to eventually make games good (I wish they'd put more effort into doing this BEFORE release but if EA can carry on never trying at all and making money, I see why Ubisoft do it this way at the moment) but I worry that the things required to make this game into what they suggested it would be will inevitably annoy a lot of players who have realised they can just over-power a few things and then button mash to epic-looking fights that they're only minorly involved in.Oh, and don't even get me started on the joke of a matchmaking system in the online modes (which is pretty much the only purpose of this game) but to be fair it's still early days and I think matchmaking systems will always require a good bit of tweaking after release, you can never anticipate how a playerbase's skill ratings will diversify until it happens.I hope I can change this to a recommend eventually, because it's all kind of there, but it feels like they pooed their pants a bit in the process thinking maybe this would be all too unfamiliar for a lot of gamers and so you've ended up with a bit of a Frankenstein's monster rather than the beautiful baby they'd intended.Updated: I did request a refund of this game, unfortunately my desire to try and find a way to enjoy it has exempted me from refund rights so I'm stuck with it now. Don't buy it, at least not yet. Maybe in time it will be improved and I can feel less stupid for having wasted my money on it. Obviously by the mixed reviews, some people enjoy this game, it obviously has some appeal somewhere, but my biggest piece of advice is that if you don't enjoy it after an hour and a half, refund it before you find yourself in the same position as me.Further update: This turd of a game continues to upset me in how dreadful it is, and unfortunately Ubisoft's pitiful attempts to stop people cheating don't seem to be working, expect lots of games where there are players you can't lock on to and therefore land no attacks, or people who can be impervious to your attacks. Also, this isn't a cross-platform game as advertised, the little fantasy football section called the faction war map is the only bit that takes stats from multiple platforms. Misadvertised, unfinished, lazily created - a waste of money and if I had the energy to make this a legal battle I would."
76561198027781356,Not Recommended,304390,30250604,Posted: 28 February,all,efendashe,"Ok, where do I start, I love the game dont get me wrong, but its imposible to love it when p2p is so crappy, and to all the fighting p2p games defenders out there, this is not 1v1, this has 8 connections on the most played style. To rely on 8 different people is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just today I got kicked out of 10 games at a couple of minutes of them starting,I have a good internet connection with Open NAT in case you start with the ""maybe you are strict or moderate"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I love to kill and be killed, its all part of the fun, but when the game becomes unplayable because you decide to be cheap and save on decent connections, it becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Sorry but if Ubisoft doesnt fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥then it will die very quickly and I would hate to see a game this cool to die because you were cheap dumb♥♥♥♥♥ who did not want to invest in your own IP."
76561198070788153,Not Recommended,304390,30420339,Posted: 9 March,all,Blue,"Ok well let's start with the long list firstPros:ok so now onto the consNetwork is♥♥♥♥♥♥Fix lawbringer and valk stun moves they can be stunned and if your hit with even one they can keep spammingNetwork is♥♥♥♥♥♥Not enough maps, I find myself playing the same two over and overNetwork is UbisoftDedicated servers are something even a child could think of, you got outplayed by robloxNetwork is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Micro-transactions, nuff said♥♥♥♥ING NETWORKGuard break spams that have no consequence.♥♥♥♥INGNETWORK"
,Not Recommended,304390,30358979,Posted: 6 March,all,bLaRki,So unfair matchmakingbroken serverstoxic community alreadyThis game is great overall
76561198023985449,Not Recommended,304390,34233561,Posted: 14 August,all,Mysterious Dingo,"Honestly a bad game. I enjoyed co oping the campaign (which was short, void of story, VERY easy and pretty much baron of any content) however not many games these days are two player co op so co oping with my freind was nice. For a time i enjoyed the multiplayer, but its honestly talentless. All you need to do is spam GB or unblockables and you win..... which gets boring FAST. The game has amazing graphics but very little content and while i did enjoy the 50 hours ive put in its not even close to worth 60 dollers, in all honesty it isnt worth 30 dollers on the current half price sale. This is a 15 to 20 doller game at most."
76561198042308704,Not Recommended,304390,30020272,Posted: 18 February,all,ReggieBaboon,♥♥♥♥♥♥ peer to peer ruins what is a really fun game. Ubisoft you just cant let yourself publish a game without ♥♥♥♥ing it up can you...
76561198065195857,Not Recommended,304390,30453728,Posted: 11 March,all,afternoonofthefaun,"EDIT: SERIOUSLY LET ME PLEASE PLAY THE GAME AS SOON AS I START A GAME, FREEZE. OH NO! IT CRASHED! SEND CRASH REPORT!Gotta be a joke now even worse than before..---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Game itself is good. People whine about balance, but I feel that unless you and your opponent are at an equal skill level, balance of classes don't really seem to make or break the match.Graphics are very good looking, the game seems to run really well unlike the unity crisis.Classes are mostly well designed except for one or two exceptions. So purely looking at the game itself I'd say it's a well made game.Now that I got the good part out of the way...At the moment of writing this review, I have about 90 hours play time recorded.Guess what?about half of them were games that disconnected or randomly kicked everyone out.Oh and typical ubisoft matchmaking. remember how in rainbow six you start your first quick play and you get matched up again a level 200? yeah that.I actually gifted this game to a friend of mine after a week or so, he ragequit. I totally understand.Unless you are very patient and very good at dealing with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that happens, I recommed you stay away until a fix."
,Not Recommended,304390,32410855,Posted: 14 June,all,Starius65,"Don't waste $60 on this game, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,304390,31854675,Posted: 20 May,all,Taiga Aisaka,the games fun really fun i highly enjoy it but if youre playing a game and someone is playing a viking or either of the 2 new characters you might as well leave because they are broken as ♥♥♥♥ and theres nothing you can do against themlmfao good job again ubisoft cant do anything right
76561198006168305,Not Recommended,304390,30298960,Posted: 3 March,all,LowSkills,"Super fun but...P2P killsCheesy combo is full of salt.fk off Ubi, nice wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,304390,30529530,Posted: 15 March,all,Diddle Schnitz,"Innovative and unique combat meets gorgeous graphics in a tense, war-torn environment.Usually I'm not very impressed by Ubisoft, most of their games don't stray very far from their common mold, which is why I think they pump out a lot of poor products now. Beyond that this game is special. It touches on mechanics that require a small learning curve, while still staying in the realm of other types of ""fighting"" genre games but remaining fresh and new at the same time.Although it can get repetitive, like most of Ubisofts current projects and releases, it is worth playing and buying on sale or for full price. Play alone against AI, or against another player in 1v1. Or play with up to four friends in a small assortment of game modes. Whatever route you decide to take this game is sure to bring you tense, visceral combat in a lush and detailed atmosphere. If you have any kind of love for Vikings, Samurai, or Knights... or just the Medievil era in general, you'll have a blast eviscerating your enemies. As for all the problems people are complaining about, I have this game on Xbox and PC and I have only been disconnected once, matchmaking is always fast, and me and my friends have no issues playing together, regardless of load on the Ubisoft servers.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,32534523,Posted: 18 June,all,Handsome Jack [- Leo -],Liked this game a alot.Have to admit that I am quite a noob at playing this game... but PLEASE why couldn't I getmatched versus other noobs at my skillevel? I always got killed without having time to try something to do about it.Matchmaking balancing is horrible. Deinstalled.
,Not Recommended,304390,30233439,Posted: 27 February,all,Doofus Rick,"Disappointing.To put it simply, this game is pay to win, you can grind for a few hours and someone else spends $20 and gets more gear than you."
76561198067781325,Not Recommended,304390,30233448,Posted: 27 February,all,tomhdc,"Excellent gameplayCant play, you will spend 90% on menus and disconnects"
,Not Recommended,304390,30233522,Posted: 27 February,all,Georgie,"I have to thank ubisoft, for all the netflix shows I could catch up on when waiting for a ♥♥♥♥ing match to start. But hey the combat is fun, if you can get passed all the downtime spent loading and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047819479,Not Recommended,304390,30232172,Posted: 27 February,all,francipes,"Probably one of the best and most satisfying combat systems i've ever tried, stunning and greatly optimized graphics, and an overall feel of ""i've always dreamed of a game like this and i can't believe i'm actually playing it"". Since the E3 trailers i had very high hopes for a potentially revolutionary game, and 'FOR HONOR' proved to be a tremendous experience. The adrenaline and satisfaction of these battles has a match probably only in the Souls series and it's very powerful and well done.Still i just cannot reccomend it. Not in its current state.The instability and overall inconsistency of the Multiplayer Mode, which is (generously) 90% of what the game has to offer, is UNBEARABLE. You're more likely to get kicked out of a game due to a network issue than to actually finish one. It gets more than a little frustrating to see trown in the trash your efforts over and over, as the game does not count any of the actions executed in an unfinished match.More than a little often i've seen personal records and awesome matches get aborted without any warnings and disappear before my eyes, replaced by an error warning. That isnot cool, it completely ruins the fun.And it's not just network errors, i've experienced a couple hard crashes and every once in a while even heavy frame drops. Also sometimes the LAG (which i'm lucky enough to experience rarely) is just too much, and i can say it mostly because of other players complaining in the text chat, so it's not about me.Ubisoft needs to fix these issues.If i had to point out one more thing: the Story Mode is terrible. From the level design to the voice acting that delivers a poorly written and very weak plot(which frankly was not even necessary in a game like this), this single-player is nothing but a big fancy tutorial, with little to nothing to offer for players in search of an engaging experience.Not Reccomended, but i very much hope the developers will solve the problems and give us the amazing gameplay of 'FOR HONOR' in better shape in the next updates."
,Not Recommended,304390,30233008,Posted: 27 February,all,andrew,You are a raider! Legendary!
76561197965597698,Not Recommended,304390,30233134,Posted: 27 February,all,Your Butt and My Face,"Huge Dissapointment.What could have been a great game instead is an excercise in frustration.  The matchmaking and menu system is a disaster, but this isn't what makes the game so rage inspiring.  The constant being pushed from a ledge for one, is something that I cannot believe made it to the final cut of the game.  It is so easy to push someone and so difficult to prevent it, that the edge becomes a major part of most fights so much so that you can't even really focus on fighting.The blocking and combat system fundamentally seems great, I feel it doesnt work as intended much of the time and that I end up falling victim to a deluge of unblockable blows and after being repeatedly stomped and not even understanding what the hell is going on I have decided to burry this game deep in my subconscious so that I won't be submitted to its torment any longer."
,Not Recommended,304390,30233514,Posted: 27 February,all,Lethal Carbine,Can't even use my controller since the game keeps messing up the right trigger and completely omits the heavy attack.
76561198100448759,Not Recommended,304390,31093587,Posted: 12 April,all,Traitor,你知道这游戏服务器好的话能多多少人吗？the raider says: Ha! it's the server!
76561198079532730,Not Recommended,304390,30232941,Posted: 27 February,all,simplybc,"First, I really like this game. However, I can't recommend this game for $60 until the game stops locking up."
,Not Recommended,304390,30157794,Posted: 24 February,all,Dwight Schrute,Peer to peer is trashCan't join friend's partiesPay to win with armorConstantly getting kicked from matchesMatch resyncs revive people after having been executedGive me a break Ubisoft....
,Not Recommended,304390,33916046,Posted: 30 July,all,Detrimental Bird,"tl;dr: connection and balancing issues, although the gameplay is good.It's weird to think that such a good game can be so bad.The gameplay itself is great, the combat system (although the game is not balanced at all), the graphics,... But it's a shame that you can't enjoy that because Ubisoft had the brilliant idea of making the game's connection really sh*t.It doesn't have dedicated servers, it's p2p, and it's not good p2p too (I don't know how they f*cked it up so bad), so sometimes you can't play at all. Today me and my friend tried to join a brawl game like 5 times, and, everytime, as soon as we joined we got kicked out, then we just gave up trying.The developers promised dedicated servers, but for now, it's really sh*tty, and even if it fixes the connection problems, you still have the poor balancing Ubisoft did.Oh yea, it's also expensive af, so you should at least be able to play right?"
,Not Recommended,304390,30861997,Posted: 31 March,all,giggletickles,the game is 60% loading and 40% geting kicked from the servers so if your in to that this games for you if you want somthing that works play any other game. this game would be great if uber invested any of the money it geting form this product but it must be geting eaten up by the lawers for the pending law suit. i for one cant wait to see uber get scrapet.
,Recommended,304390,34216298,Posted: 13 August,all,fadedMagus,"So I don't write a lot of reviews but this game has been getting some attention lately and I wanted to share my experience.Many hours played. Many battles won, many lost. The players: some bad apples, some shining paragons that make me want to get better. This game has a lot to offer for fighting game fans and I hope that its community and its developers stay dedicated to give this game the attention it deserves. I've been on and off this game and I always feel it pulling me back; I know people are concerned with connection issues (which, I'll admit, there have been more than a few) and players exploiting bugs, but I do know the devs are listening and working to resolve the big issues. They know how much competitive balance means to a fighting game and they are working hard to bring that experience to the players.All in all, you can choose to believe the negativity surrounding this game, or just try it for yourself. You'll be surprised how deep the combat is, how rich the visuals are, and how the first time you rip the head off a Peacekeeper with that beautiful Execution will leave you begging for more. Would recommend, now and always."
76561198131751036,Not Recommended,304390,33529148,Posted: 13 July,all,PB Dingocuck,"Its sort of like if you were banging a model, and then when your about to nut she bites your♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Thats what this game is for me."
76561198036254003,Not Recommended,304390,31214669,Posted: 18 April,all,♥☤ηⅾї,"Servers are STILL screwed, for such a massive company, I don't even know how this is still happening. Getting real tired of your♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30726978,Posted: 25 March,all,Sparkinsons,dont waste 40 pounds like I did!
,Not Recommended,304390,30728384,Posted: 25 March,all,Spiffy,"With all the problems listed by many of the reviewers, there is little much to add except For Honor 2 should be developed by other publishers- not Ubisoft. Like Nioh and Dark  Souls share similar traits, there must be game clones in the future by other developers. I do look forward to this.A real pity though for such a great game mired by bugs, connectivity issues and Ubisoft's greed and apathy."
,Not Recommended,304390,30773067,Posted: 27 March,all,rumbunctious,"This is decent for a beta, can't wait till they fix all the issues for the full release"
76561197971133418,Not Recommended,304390,30699977,Posted: 24 March,all,NùR,Waste of money!Cannot connect to any online games.
,Not Recommended,304390,30729902,Posted: 25 March,all,Hymensmasher420,Ignored the reviews because I thought I would enjoy the combat since many seem to be under the impression it's a good game hampered by publisher issues. This was not my experience. Refund request after 90 min.
,Not Recommended,304390,30800866,Posted: 28 March,all,UpL1nK,Great game!Unfortunately you can't play it because the servers are always down.Not worth buying until they fix their server issues.
76561198036173291,Not Recommended,304390,30700273,Posted: 24 March,all,Mudhut Sassypants,"The matchmaking works against the game. It ques you up against other players based solely on your K/D spread, and that isn't a sound system to base matchmaking on.  You'll get matched up for a fight before you pick your character, and if you're trying out a new character, have fun fighting those enemies with top gear because that's where matchmaking put you.The balanace issues are rampant. There's always one or two classes that seem to have major advantages, 9 classes that are at a good spot, then two to three that are just utterly useless.The game has no dedicated servers. You have to P2P connect to everyone else. And then when people disconnect (even if they're not host) you have to reconnect for 5-10 seconds, throwing the game off.Bottom line: this is a fighting game that does not have a solid connection and whose developers do not apologize for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product they are putting out.I don't care about their ""pay-to-win"" model, anyone who has a decent grasp on the game can tell that it's not a detriment to anyone playing this game seriously.  If you're shelling out the steel to unlock emotes for classes that aren't your main, you either have a ton of time spent in the game or you bought it with RL money. Either way, enjoy your emote for a character you don't even play most of the time. It's a waste to everyone involved except ubisoft.This game runs through uplay. That's reason enough to reduce score in a review."
76561197968486082,Not Recommended,304390,30728380,Posted: 25 March,all,SantaClauss,"Really good game I love it, I don't have much problem with disconnection and stuff, but after 150 hours I feel the issue is more about the end game skills where right now, the fight is held in who defends the best.Don't attack, wait on defense to parry your opponent for a free easy hit that is unblockable.This is really lame, and needs to be changed. Parry has to change to something else. I don't know, maybe the parry could give you a dmg boost but no free hits cause it's getting really lame to make 4 attacks, get parried 4 times and dying.People go with ""Then Feint!"" but they know by themselves that people will just wait and parry the next one, thats where the skills are as of now.Usual Ubisoft patchs are taking years too, this game is taking the same path as Evolve but I had and will always have way more fun in Evolve than in this.Let's hope it's to be my last Ubisoft game ever cause this one, I would refund it 100% if I could."
,Not Recommended,304390,30773277,Posted: 27 March,all,Lana Drah,"Thank Jeebus for refunds. Trailers looked promising, storyline was how do we say...♥♥♥♥♥♥ Waste of good programmers."
,Recommended,304390,34259638,Posted: 15 August,all,< ECR >,great game but please fix the servers
,Recommended,304390,34242241,Posted: 14 August,all,Froglift,"It makes me want to make love to it and also tear my teeth out all at the same time.Character balancing is spotty.The controls are wonky at times.The network connection can be dodgy.But hell, there is no other game like it at the moment.If you like melee and have a good amount of patience, buy it on sale.Also it is an ONLINE single player game. No offline fun unfortunatly."
76561198039903647,Not Recommended,304390,29977630,Posted: 16 February,all,TheGamerBlues,"If only digital games were physical objects, this would be the perfect $60 hat weight! I can't even get past the intro video before I recieve a connection error to the UBISOFT servers and am returned to the main menu. Even though I wanted to see the intro video, I let it slide. Nope still can't even get through the first initail customization without this stupid UBISOFT connection error. 6 attempts later and I can't even get past the main menu with the connection error. Nothing has changed since their massive connection issues with R6 Siege, I don't know why I put faith in this company anymore. Good potential in games is wasted through this company and it is heartbreaking. I'm refunding this game until their get their act together."
76561198054351128,Not Recommended,304390,29979074,Posted: 16 February,all,Starscream,"EDIT : Hey, it's season 2 now ! I observed the game for some times to see if it was going to get better, and they did fix some issue and add new. So let's get to it.The ""bundle"" problem were you queued into many gamemode at once instead of being able to choose one is fixed.The community is getting really low, so queue are getting longers, and you will meet the same guys many times in a row.Always as much microtransaction in a 60$ game.The game is bugged to hell and back. Warden now has a glitch that allows an instant kill if you parry, warlord can drag you infinitely across the entire map if you are exhausted. Zone flickering exists. And it's been 3 weeks that games without matchmaking don't give reward, and none of that is fixed.The meta of the game is heavily turtling, and basically, do nothing until your opponnent do something, and you get a free punish. So it's a staring match until someone is bored.Plus the more, the 2v2 community decided that using a ledge or switching target is considered ""dishonorable"" (even though target switching is the best way to break the turtle meta), therefore, your friend and the two ennemies will gang up on you and flame you to death. Because you know, you queue into 2v2 to play 1v1 anyway.So not only the game did not get better, but it even got worse. Matchmaking is non-existent, therefore if you are new, you will get recked until you learn all the bug-exploit you need to."
,Not Recommended,304390,29999138,Posted: 17 February,all,MetalWarlokk,"Thoroughly enjoy the combat, but a week after release I'm still getting EAC disconnect errors about 90% of the time I try to play other players.  Those other 10% of the time I'm able to connect in a 1v1 Duel, I have a good chance of being disconnected due to ""inactivity"" in the middle of a fight.  I've finished the story mode and battled dozens of AI duel opponents, but at this point I have no idea what it's like to actually  play the live multiplayer game.  Until the connectivity and EAC errors are worked out there is no way I can recommend purchasing this one.  Once those are sorted out and everything works properly I'll revisit this review."
76561197993725774,Not Recommended,304390,29948038,Posted: 15 February,all,Havoc,Fun af. When it's working.Multiple fails on grouping with friends.Peer to peer connections destroy the immersion of battle.
,Not Recommended,304390,29955708,Posted: 15 February,all,d0mX,Long story short the p2p servers are actually worse than one could imagine.
,Not Recommended,304390,30195881,Posted: 26 February,all,Elusive,"Ubisoft has become a greedy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, useless company. They suck. Enough said."
76561198046614878,Recommended,304390,30067301,Posted: 20 February,all,CaseyKills,onlie sucks but its a really fun game
,Not Recommended,304390,30296604,Posted: 3 March,all,Weebman,"I really enjoyed this game.But it really needs dedicated servers, the p2p system is bad"
76561198009130646,Not Recommended,304390,30294035,Posted: 3 March,all,Reaper,"If I could finish a multiplayer game without being DC'ed once in a while I would sing this games praises from the rooftops.Let me get this clear; I LOVE this game, but the terrible p2p match making experiance leaves me rediculously frustraited, I find myself yelling at my screen as another ""Game connection lost"" message appears on my screen. This game is first, and formost a multiplayer game, if we can't complete a multiplayer match, what's the point Ubisoft?"
76561198054756908,Not Recommended,304390,30402316,Posted: 8 March,all,Some Wierd Petricite Golem,"To everyone who has watched fantastic or funny videos of it, I wish to tell you that it isn't a good game.It has so many flaws drowning what could've been a gem, but Ubisoft is out to take your cash once again and give you less than you asked for. First off on the horrible choices Ubisoft made, which has been mentioned about 4,000 or so times, is peer-to-peer connections. So, before I yell at them for this choice, you have to understand what peer-to-peer is. Peer-to-peer is a method of connecting to other players by making the host hold a direct connection to guests. Sounds decent in theory, but, it causes tremendous issues. If you connect to foreign people(which is often), the game can get so awfully laggy you might actually want to kill yourself, and, because of the stupid system, if someone leaves, it has to update the ENTIRE game state, which it can and will often revert before people die, making that one lucky play against a superior opponent, barely scoring you the kill and sparing you, soul-crushingly meaningless. 2nd big thing is the irony of the name and the actual gameplay. The devs allow so many unfair and unskilled ways to eliminate people, from one-shot feats(ingame active or passives that you can trade out before a game starts) to ledges and spikes. If you are from any of the DS, don't expect a fantastic duel, as you will just be thrown towards the nearest hazard. And, in the modes of 4 people, expect a mob of them. 3rd are the bots. The bots range from hard against newbies to brutal verses anyone who isn't damn good at the game, which really seems against beginners, and it can really be frustrating when you try so hard to hit one of the damn bots, only to be immediately and mercilessly♥♥♥♥♥♥all over by just a level 1, and the bots do NOT show mercy in the slightest. If you do duels against AI, and your teammate dies, kiss that round goodbye, unless you have enough health or skill. 4th, the campaign is pretty poor. It is just standard ""we kill because x"" and it has no really good characters. And the 5th thing I hate the most? It's sadly the gameplay. It seems fun for a while, but it just lost it's shine. It is so boring now, that I just play characters other than my main. If you do want this game badly, just keep reading the negative reviews for a few minutes. If you aren't dissuaded, you can buy it. I just would not if I were you. Keep the $60, go buy food. At least food doesn't let you down."
,Not Recommended,304390,30403974,Posted: 8 March,all,hentai boi,"i would recommend this, if they fix the damn server~FOR ERROR~"
76561198082610824,Recommended,304390,34619779,Posted: 30 August,all,Ocelot,"For Honor is a medieval fighting game revolving around 3 factions, Knights, Vikings and the Samurai. Ubisoft introduces its new ""The Art of Battle"" system which is more of an authentic fighting system as opposed to hack and slash. Engaging opponents by locking on will place you in a duel with that player/enemy which gives you a ""wheel"" for lack of a better term-for blocking and attacking. You can block incoming attacks from the direction you’re guarding, and you have to read which direction your opponent is guarding and attack from one of the two directions from which they’re vulnerable to successfully hit. There's a small window of oppurtunity to parry your opponents attacks and gain a free hit or 2.As simple as it sounds though it can be quite hard to master. My biggest complaint is my brain can work much faster than the games system resulting in some often frustrating misses, or my brain wanting to move along faster but being hampered by some slow mechanics. Once I got this under wrap I truly did have some very enjoyable and challenging duels with AI and players, more than once a big smile went on my face getting all those perfect blocks, parrys, then attacks :)Each faction has a heavy class, light class, and all purpose class. Being able to fight each class/type of enemy will require some basic knowledge of what each one can do. The game has very good tutorials which I can't fault, it will teach basic, advanced and even a bot to train against.The single player story won't take more than about 6-8 hours and a forgettable story but it's a good introduction to the games online multiplayer. I did enjoy that the campaign forces you to play almost all the heroes, which acts as a good primer to learning them properly, as much as I wanted to comment on this, sadly with a combination of Australia's internet and Ubisoft's servers I was unable to join any online matches no matter how long I waited..over a good 4 hours I find 4 games. This is where the game wants to shine but is let down by poor servers and online support.Despite some flaws I truly love the combat system and I think it's one of a kind, it's a joy to learn and very rewarding to master.If your like me and just wanted to see what the game was about and mostly for the single player I'd recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,304390,30143204,Posted: 24 February,all,N20_RJ,GREAT !!!! : 8.1 / 10
76561197993644757,Not Recommended,304390,29976730,Posted: 16 February,all,Hellsjester,"do not buy this game. the campaign is fine. however that is where the fun ends. online is all cheap 1 button tactics, no balancing, no fun. if you wish to puschase this game based on youtubers do not buy. wait till steam sale best value to buy at is 10.00$ because you'll have to spend all your money on gear to fight with the best of them 1 button mashers"
76561198048361301,Not Recommended,304390,30216529,Posted: 27 February,all,Zaiyo,"♥♥♥♥ing worst servers, good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥company."
,Not Recommended,304390,30383273,Posted: 7 March,all,dougzera_,"A great concept plagued by poor decisions. Peer to peer for pvp is abysmal, the matchmaking is flawed, and so on. Not recomended."
76561198003732413,Not Recommended,304390,29954638,Posted: 15 February,all,Wolfkrone,"This game, where to begin. Outside of the already OBVIOUS probelms such as; 'literally unplayable' and people use that term 'literally unplayable' much to much but on this game it's actually true. You can't play it. Why? Because of the constant disconnections. They are CONSTANT, even with a good internet. It just literally will not stay connected.Also, another HUGE problem is the ♥♥♥♥ing load time. Every single match, every single game type is always accompanied by this obscene load time and for what? A tiny♥♥♥♥♥map? Ubisoft really ♥♥♥♥ed us on this one. They went as cheap as humanly possible to make a game that BEARLY works and even when it does work the ♥♥♥♥ing balance in it is utter trash. Don't even get me started on the match making. You can be a level 1 and get matched against a level 46. Jesus of ♥♥♥♥ing christ land. I never once thought a game could actually be this inhumanly bad but somehow.. Ubisoft found a way to make the single most unplayable game in existence. ♥♥♥♥ing avoid."
,Not Recommended,304390,29976184,Posted: 16 February,all,MagicBoots,"Running a i5-6600k, gtx 970, windows 10 (all drivers up to date) and it will only launch if I use /disablesoundengine in the launch options. I don't plan on playing with no sound and frankly I've wasted enough of my time debugging someone elses product.Refunded."
,Not Recommended,304390,29977628,Posted: 16 February,all,Ben,This game's multiplayer is still messed up beyond belief as per ubisoft's usual shlock. Suggest waiting a couple of months.
,Not Recommended,304390,29972917,Posted: 16 February,all,KittehLove,"If you're wanting to get into the game and are expecting the community to play fairly in combat- don't, you will be sorely dissapointed. The community is completely devided on this respect, that's not to say you won't find people who do play fairly and have honor in combat. Nor that you won't find any entertainment, I'm sure most if not all will be able click with a hero that fits their play style and get many hours of fun out of the while mildly repetitive but still entertaining multiplayer.I have 3 major gripes with the game in it's current state (as of 2/16/17).1:P2PFor those that don't know matches are not completely Ubisoft hosted, they are only a small part of it that makes sure that players are connected to the ubisoft network. Matches are hosted using a p2p system that connects players to one another to form a match lobby. P2P does not exactly work well with a game like For Honor. Such problems like; lag, connection stability, disconnections, rage quiting(yes it does happen quit a bit). All of which can ultimately crash a lobby and leave a lot of frustration.2:Guard Breaking (2/23/17 Update! They reverted this back to state that it was in Beta)In combat you have 3 stances; Up, Left, Right. You can Block and attack from all of these stances, but you can also be guard broken. Now this can be ountered BUT from beta to release there was a change, and not for the better in my opinion. Currently you can't counter the second you see that your opponent is guarding breaking you, before you could counter it the second you saw it. The reason I have a problem with this is by the time the system allows you respond you've already been stunned and more then likely giving your opponent the upper hand in the fight. I found this change frustrating upon release to that point that I feel it's pointless to try and counter it.3:LaddersHow can ladders be such a big problem? Let me tell you, as far back as alpha and to release ladders have been unreasonably dumb. If you attempt to climb a ladder while your opponent slides down it into you, it will knock you off and deal an enormous amount if not killing you first. This also works the same way going up, if you manage to hit an apponent above on a ladder it with knock them off without question dealing just as much damage. From my time in the beta and after release a fair amount of players use this tactic to their advantage often.4:Matchmaking (I know I said 3 but this is minor compared to the rest)A fair a few times now I've spent atleast 3-5 times queing for a gamemode for it to fail either because the lobby was full or the connection just failed  to connect to the lobby.But all and all here are my cons and pros.Pros:Beatiful GraphicsDecent Hero Customization (not enormous amount but more then enough to make everyone look different from one another)Fluid Combat (when P2P plays nicely)Cons:P2PCurrent Guard Breaking SystemLadders"
,Not Recommended,304390,29974646,Posted: 16 February,all,Goodnight,Gameplay wise the game is great.Connection wise the game is pretty bad. Most people cant play the game because of server problems.Ill change my review once the connection errors have been fixed
,Not Recommended,304390,29977591,Posted: 16 February,all,Cactusblah,"Even when you aren't constantly disconnecting, lagging, or crashing, the gameplay is awful. Waste of $60 and Steam refuses to refund."
76561198007524105,Not Recommended,304390,29999080,Posted: 17 February,all,Mordin,"Got my money back. Game has great potential. Looks great and is fun. But Multiplayer just didn't work for me. Never had a problem with any MMO ever. This game was unplayable. I could understand this but customer support was unreachable by emial, live chat or phone. Really a shame was lookig forward to this game."
76561198016589184,Not Recommended,304390,30332201,Posted: 5 March,all,bailodudley,"I dont recommend this game, because I can only play a third of the multiplayer, aka duels (error002001215) This specific problem I have is extremely rare (apperently)The combat is solid and by far the most satisfying thing in the game, but is let down by the servers. people rage quit often... and when that happens theres a chance you'll disconnect from the game, also if this happens and you don't get disconnected you have to wait 3-10 seconds for the game to sync.Unfortunatly I cant recommend the game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,304390,30472795,Posted: 12 March,all,The Fabulous DiesL,"The beta was bad, so is this game. I like the concept though."
76561198217375996,Recommended,304390,29989458,Posted: 17 February,all,potatoes skinhub.com,A great game.
76561198069751825,Not Recommended,304390,30969844,Posted: 5 April,all,SonOfX51,"Hypothetically speaking; IF you get into a game, IF you don't lag most of the time,  IF you dont get Disconnected at any given time, and IF dont die from nearly inexplicable enviromental deaths ( probably due to poor connection), then you'll have a good time.but IF none of these happened as much as it does now, I would of recommended this game.Its an amazing concept with a great enviroment(when its not trying to kill you every twenty seconds) and its a joy to play when it works.TLDR; Wait till they HOPEFULLY fix it."
76561197972356525,Not Recommended,304390,30969977,Posted: 5 April,all,anonamoose,"Would be tons of fun if the game wasn't built to sell micro transactions. Gear stats ruin 4v4 PVP and thats ignoring the frequent crashes, freezes and network errors that Ubi has done nothing to address. But we got more emotes that we can buy... yay?"
76561198145180551,Not Recommended,304390,33539706,Posted: 14 July,all,LuDini,Too many exploits and bugs for a fully priced game
,Not Recommended,304390,34565947,Posted: 28 August,all,Hot_Tomato,great idea. pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,304390,30786265,Posted: 27 March,all,Mackcity,this game would be great if it wasNT FOR THE ♥♥♥♥ING DISCONNECTIONS EVERY GAME. ♥♥♥♥ING AT LEAST 70% OF MY GAMES END IN DISCONNECTION. i REALLY LIKE THIS GAME. I PLAY IT A LOT. WHY CAN'T YOU FIX THIS UBISOFT?
76561198008791650,Not Recommended,304390,30785813,Posted: 27 March,all,The King in the North,"Crap servers, asking for a refund!!!"
76561198098799920,Not Recommended,304390,30178386,Posted: 25 February,all,Faraven,"For $50-60 depending on how you get it, this game is not worth it. Mainly it is played for online purposes and I can't connect. I thought like aww not me man, I'm on ethernet at my school. Well, your nat needs to be open. So, for anyone at college your nat will be strict-moderate meaning very long wait times for ubisoft to respond to you, AND you can't do multiplayer. The story is meh, but this game isnt about that, but because multiplayer is unplayable thats all I have. So for a meh story $50-60 isnt worth it. Id say without multiplayer its worth about $30. Keep this in mind.Also if they get a server, youre good to get this game."
76561198097296082,Not Recommended,304390,34533865,Posted: 27 August,all,Siegy,Waste of my time. I've never been more disappointed.
,Not Recommended,304390,30403759,Posted: 8 March,all,wegfa,.
,Not Recommended,304390,30025519,Posted: 18 February,all,Dingarth,"Refunded it. Constant connection issues and loss of game progress. May buy again if server issues are fixed. Until then, not worth the time or effort."
76561198084952265,Not Recommended,304390,34674863,Posted: 1 September,all,BlackHorn,I really tried to give this game a second chance and yet again nothing has changed we still have the same bugs from beta♥♥♥♥♥♥even more bugs are in the game now heros are under powerd a few are over powerd devs need to relook all of the heros kits and attacks. And ohh god micro transactions are killing me I hate I haft to grind so much for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay outs and the same old maps every fing day. I'm done till s4 and if thats also a♥♥♥♥♥♥show I'm done with this game
76561198062606862,Not Recommended,304390,30685743,Posted: 23 March,all,Betmen,"If you didnt spend 60 on this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbage consider yourself luckier than most, this is easily the worst mistake ive ever made when it comes to buying videogames, if you can get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connectivity issues youll find yourself in a  sea of nothing but spammers that will somehow deplete you of all your stamina without you moving a single button. not only that, if youre anywhere near a wall in this game and youre facing a conqueror, immediately leave the game, because there is no way youre beating that spamming ♥♥♥♥."
76561198277989382,Not Recommended,304390,31915657,Posted: 23 May,all,pepijnwillems48,The game itself is awesome but there are still too much connection issues.This way i wouldnt reccomend it YET.
76561198239124966,Not Recommended,304390,31917572,Posted: 23 May,all,Alpha~Almighty |,Horrible Community. If you plan on buying this game dont buy it at full price and wait for a sale.
76561198024635846,Not Recommended,304390,30282141,Posted: 2 March,all,Viktor,do not buy until they fix servers...
,Not Recommended,304390,31047872,Posted: 9 April,all,Nick,This game is amazing but only the game other than that the servers are terrible they crash all the time the game crashes and if you like being spammed by one move over and over again than have fun because this game is for you. i wouldnt be mad if there was some way to block the attack but one conqurer will just hit you then spam sheild tackle than attack than sheild tackle than attack and so on untill your dead as of now this game is a broken unbalanced peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but when you can actually play it its amazing
,Not Recommended,304390,30317353,Posted: 4 March,all,Morty,The community is cancer
76561198009387361,Not Recommended,304390,30077876,Posted: 21 February,all,Gundalf,"well......Peer to Peer (P2P) is really killing the game; at the moment. Suffered 39 disconnects and 4 hard crashes. Some players utillize a ""Lag Switch"" but only came accross a couple of those. Minor exploitation exits but being ironed out next patch.with that being said,Fighting mechanics are simple and enjoyable. The story mode is farfetched but considering its technically a ""Fighting game"" Ill consider it to be ""Okay"". Lets face it, Injustice gods amongst us had the best ""Fighting Game"" story mode. Roughly 6 hours of single player with replayabillity of achievements/diffculty, took me about 40 hours to reach reputation 1 (Prestige) with two characters. There is loot which only DOES not apply to 1v1 or 2v2 game types to be fair amongst new players, loot also has tier levels being colored coded and only drops depending on your reputation level. If you dont like the competitive scene I suggest online COOP aginst BOTS/AI and the awesome thing about it is that you can deploy war assets while playing BOTS/AI which contributes to the overall war effort against your opposing factions.I hope this review helps you to consider in purchasing or not."
,Not Recommended,304390,30078980,Posted: 21 February,all,SonicSymbiot,"First and foremost, I have never made a written review for a video game, just made verbal conversations about them. So here it is.To be honest with you all I am not sure whether to give this a thumbs up or down. I was probably just as excited as everyone else about For Honor, hoping that it was going to have that great 'medieval' appeal and feel to it. And they had the appeal down good enough for me, but when it came to the fighting system and graphics and cutscenes, it felt honestly like it should have been released in 2013 or 2014.The development for the combat system was♥♥♥♥♥♥ well, that is if you enjoy fighting the grunts without having them die pathetically from a single attack.. you could spit on them and they would die. they are all too identical too one another.. they are ♥♥♥♥ing ants compared to the elites you fight in the field. I enjoyed the first hour or two and tried to continue on but just couldn't.The combat dev feels like it was all focused on the PVP and elite fighting system, while that is a really cool and enjoyable aspect of the game which I really love, they should have improved the fighting for the grunts as well, made them challenging. that's realism about a sword game.I don't apologise if my 3 hour experience and opinion on the game doesn't agree with yours. I don't recommend this game if you are looking for a medieval game that gets you really hypes. One another thing, the fighting for each class is so repetitive it is boring."
,Not Recommended,304390,33190151,Posted: 3 July,all,Gigorga,"I like the game, but to pay a regular price for the base game $80 before 13% tax is extortion. It feels like a tiny indie game on drugs and shouldnt be priced at full price. Gameplay is unique, but horribly balanced, and the entire community bathes in exploits that are unstoppable, connection issues are free of charge, and its a playground for people who are bad at games and enjoy abusing exploits. I can exploit too, and beat them at their own game, but thats boring. I didn't buy this game to play with exploits 24/7."
76561198355182821,Not Recommended,304390,30459349,Posted: 11 March,all,CDUBATO15 csgoroll.com,game is cool how ever the servers blow and half the time i just get disconnected so i wouldnt buy this
76561198071394890,Not Recommended,304390,30071395,Posted: 20 February,all,Ben,Will thumbs up ounce this game fixes its horrible habit of crashing 4 out of 5 times while trying to join games
,Not Recommended,304390,30073295,Posted: 20 February,all,Mari-G ✌,"The match making is absolute garbage... Drops you left and right, puts you in losing games constantly, crashes...disconnects...""Host migration....""..... prone to crash at least once under a 30-45minute mark. oh and freezes which results in you having to control-alt-delete to close that♥♥♥♥♥♥.. You'd think how greedy ubisoft has been... and how many times the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking.. they'd have enough money by now to suffice for a STABLE ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER EXPERIENCE...at least ONCE..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30326812,Posted: 4 March,all,Frank Walker - National Tiles,"I know I don't many hours on this game, but some aspects of it have driven me to do this.This game is good, but bad. When you can find a game with people of your skill level, and not get kicked, it's awesome, harrowing and FUN. But when you are constantly being kicked from matches due to P2P, it's horrific. P2P is going to kill this game. Also, 90% of all my games have at LEAST one Prestige 1+ player, which kills the fun as they stomp you everytime."
76561198085277169,Not Recommended,304390,30076916,Posted: 21 February,all,Kullus,"the core gameplay is fun, it could have been great.this game was not ready for release, not for another 6 months.the finished product at full price is1. a bug riddled mess (certain charicters moves DO NOT WORK2. class balance is a joke (some classes are outright undeafeatable if they know how to abuse mechanics.3. constant dissconections from server, as i write this review, its 11:30am on a tuesday, the servers are down so cannot even play this game.wait a few months to see if they even bother fixing this game."
76561198052315948,Not Recommended,304390,30315406,Posted: 4 March,all,Razza,"The servers and the matchmaking are so bad, it ruins an otherwise great game."
76561197960473404,Not Recommended,304390,30083628,Posted: 21 February,all,Christ0oo,"Superb game with totally trash connection, the great quality of the awesome game play itself makes the connection problem hurts even worse!Gameplay: 5/5Connection:0/5Damn you UBI did such a good job on the game and such a crappy job on connection.Its even OK for me to only play with AI, but unable to collect my reward (XP, Coin, etc) after EVERY match is really frustrate and made me finally quit playing this game."
76561198247846008,Not Recommended,304390,30083649,Posted: 21 February,all,alialyami.88,p2p servers + paying money to get kicked 100% not worth
,Not Recommended,304390,30443843,Posted: 11 March,all,Sassy,"It's such a ball ache, The Beta made me really want to play, but after getting fist ♥♥♥♥ed by ubisoft I can tell you it's just not worth it"
76561198124780230,Not Recommended,304390,30073996,Posted: 20 February,all,Caboose,"Another great game from ubisoft, tarnished by bad decisions from ubisoft. I can't recommened to everyone, but if you push through the connection issues and start to master the fighting mechanics it offers some of the most intense gameplay I've had ina while imo. Another big downside is this game's community, which is what I assume dark souls would be like if it had chat."
76561198100072896,Not Recommended,304390,30368097,Posted: 6 March,all,Oathsworn,"Servers are terrible. But its ok when the game works...fustrating when it disconnects which is alot. Even coop campaign lost connection to Uplay Servers.For my patience they gave 3 day champion status to which none of those days i played the silly game. Thanks Uplay, thank you soooo much."
76561198140947183,Not Recommended,304390,30072823,Posted: 20 February,all,cruga,"this would be perfect if the connection wasnt so bad. from 4hr of gaming with my friends. no joke, we only played about 4 full matches, the rest of the matches connections dropped. the game itself is not worth $60 wait till its at least $40 and even then i feel it might still be much"
,Not Recommended,304390,30073222,Posted: 20 February,all,Master Ping,"In it's current state, I can't really recommend this game. I played the beta, and the fully released game has way more bugs than I seem to recall from the unfinished version. Ubisoft at it's finest.Aside from the host of general menu glitches and constant crashing, there are several other factors to consider;1) Netcode is terrible. Peer to peer was fine when there was nothing else, but a huge megacorporation like Ubisoft can afford some dedicated servers. People drop in and out of games constantly.2) Serious issues with matchmaking. A lot of people play this game, I wouldn't mind waiting a few more seconds to get a game without double prestiged players in a lobby of level 10's.Some personal nitpicks;1) Ubisoft shekel grabbing as per usual, game costs 60 as is, and the deluxe (for which all you get is some helmet adornments..) is 70. That's way too high imo, season pass is 40 more dollars on top of that. For 60 I bought it on a whim, but if you intend to play seriously 110$ for a game this buggy is simply absurd.2) U-Play is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ Since this game is on steam to begin with, I see no reason why the devs couldn't add a few lines of code to adapt u-play connectivity to valve's; going through two launch platforms with two users and passwords is tedious and unnecessary.However, the gameplay is so engaging and entertaining to me personally that I would keep an eye out for future updates and patches. Balance between heroes is good, and the ability to get in-game currency isn't bad at all, there's really no need to pay any money if you don't want to after initial purchase. If the issues above get fixed then there's a real experience to be had here, but since Ubisoft is holding the reins on this one I would be very surprised if they listened to any community feedback."
,Not Recommended,304390,30310967,Posted: 4 March,all,Jablo,Best combat system for a while and very challenging - but far too many bad design choices overall.Why can I revive somebody in a 2vs2 Match? I mean - my teammate got killed and if I want I can run as fast as I can to his body and revive him. If the enemy didnt react fast enough the fight change from a honorable 1vs1 to a stupid 2vs1.A 2vs1 is manageable but in the most cases it's just unfair.Many of the 1vs1 arenas are far to tight - so throwing over the edge is the highest reason for your death.As long you play only 1vs1 or 2vs2 the peer2peer connection is fine - but if you start play Dominion or Deathmatch which is a 4vs4 you will always have disconnects and interruptions by finding a new host. I have been kicked from a lot of games now and lost so many expierience points that I am very frustrated. The funniest disconnects are few minutes before the end. This peer2peer connection is the worst gaming decision since a long time.the campaign is okay - a good training for the true challenge in multiplayer - but nothing more.last but not least i would like to recommend the game cause of its genius combat system - but the many choices ubisoft did here destroys the experience totally. :(please excuse my bad english - I am not a native speaker. :P
,Not Recommended,304390,30326775,Posted: 4 March,all,Cloud_strife,"Don't recommend to buy this poor-made game. Ubisoft, learn to spend the money to the game, not marketing and trailer-making, u didn't even make an adequate host servers for client to find the other players. Poor, poor."
,Not Recommended,304390,30367994,Posted: 6 March,all,DJ Masterson,"For Honor is honestly the kind of fighting game I've waited forever for. I haven't seen anything like it before.Although I was aware that there WERE other games similar to it, like Mount & Blade for instance, they never drew me in quite the way For Honor did. Couldn't tell ya why (a AAA aesthetics budget might be part of it).I freakin' love it, but at the same time I can't genuinely recommend it to my friends. Not yet, but perhaps later.I honestly don't care about the P2P issues. It's true that the connections are worrisome at times but I've also had lots of perfectly stable matches. Enough that I felt like the P2P isn't really an issue at the moment. Although I will say Ubisoft should invest in servers if they're really serious about this game.I'm not too upset about the balance between the characters. I've always known Ubisoft plans to balance them as they go. It would be ridiculous not to. There hasn't been enough playtesting to leave them as they are now.The only thing that bugs me right now is the current ""Sheep Meta"". In the game's lore, Apollyon wishes to bring about ""an age of Wolves"", where everyone knows how to fight by instigating constant war across the land. She wishes to do away with ""sheep"", which she derides as being ""a creature that waits for it's own slaughter"".The way For Honor's fighting mechanics are set up, there is absolutely no downside to hiding behind your defense and waiting for your opponent to try and attack you so you can parry their attack. Many heroes in For Honor are capable of following-up a successful parry with a free strike, gauranteeing damage against an opponent that attempts to attack them.There is a feature called ""Guard Break"", which is basically a grab in fighting-game terms. If the opponent isn't attacking you can grab them, which breaks their defense, and then push them somewhere or follow up with an attack. However, the opponent can simply respond with a ""Counter Guard Break"", which cancels your grab and shoves you away. In it's current state, Countering Guard Breaks is far too easy to do. Especially if you're not doing anything other than hiding behind your shield waiting for a Guard Break to happen.This causes the duelling meta to boil down to ""whoever attacks first is the loser"", thus you either have one idiot, or a tie.If you do happen to get this game anyway, it's not beyond hope. The devs have recently announced that they're looking at this meta and ways to possibly fix it. When that happens, depending on how effective the changes are, I'll be amending my review.In the meantime, vsAI games are still plenty fun. The bots refuse to be sheep, which is lovely."
76561198056508560,Not Recommended,304390,30282371,Posted: 2 March,all,Valculrik,"The gameplay and combat mechanics are superior to the genre. However, the lack of high quality connection and the fact that you have to have a constant internet connection to the game (even for single player) is bringing this masterpiece down. I can't reccomend this game to others until Ubisoft fixes it's low quality multiplayer connection."
76561198185408534,Not Recommended,304390,30298895,Posted: 3 March,all,YouJokeCool,"Everything is great except Internet server. Endless lag, being kicked, losing connection. Ubisoft you are just one step away from perfection but I think you just dont want to overkill other game companies. So compassionate, Great Job U♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198093448148,Not Recommended,304390,34205947,Posted: 12 August,all,Theodora,"Great game but has the worst match-making system i've ever seen. I would always play it if they fix it, but until then nahhh."
,Not Recommended,304390,34209274,Posted: 13 August,all,GoDxMINT,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,304390,30599600,Posted: 18 March,all,Sp00kysaint,"before you have your weebgasm please understand that the average person has an opinion; this is mine. gamesux 5/10 please make an actual functional matchmaking systemplease respond in the comments section with ""git gud"""
76561198029401938,Not Recommended,304390,29945899,Posted: 15 February,all,Ribbet666,"Played the beta for a bit, and the Game itself seems like a ton of fun.So I bought me and my wife a copy eager to play, and I cant even connect with my friends to make a group without having to troubleshoot my network? and I paid 60 bucks, for each copy, for this?Get some servers Ubi and fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ would sink many hours and possibly more $$ if you did.But if things dont get fixed, will be requesting a refund."
76561197977046586,Not Recommended,304390,29945975,Posted: 15 February,all,Chacha,"Do not buy this game if you want to use the Steam Controller.It has been blocked by the EAC as cheating. So, it wont work. I played the beta for this game, with my Steam Controller mind you, and it was fine. So I bought it on launch day and went to play and found my controller not working. Did the typical (restart steam, unplug/plug controller in, restart computer, etc.) still didnt work. Found some potential workarounds online, but for $100 ($60 game, $40 season pass) and coming from a AAA game company, I shouldnt have to use work arounds to use a controller on a platform that the controller is meant to work with! Thats like buying a PS4 and not being able to use a PS4 controller.Then after some more research, found some information about how the steam controller is blocked via EAC due to ""potential macro and rebinding"". From what I gather, this basically means that since the controller itself has its own built in rebinding software that would supercede the games rebinding software, its deemed as a cheating.Requested a refund and was informed today that it was granted."
,Not Recommended,304390,30367065,Posted: 6 March,all,The100AcreVault,No servers in a PvP multiplayer game. Get outta hea'.
76561198079615119,Not Recommended,304390,30562928,Posted: 16 March,all,Deltez,"Wait six months for the bugs to be fixed and the characters to be balanced. By that time the price will also go down, and it will finally be worth it. Some problems off the top of my head:1. Peer to peer does not help the game. Countless times I have Counter Guard Breaked, parried, or blocked and the enemy was rewarded with the hit/GB. This alone breaks the game. I'll admit that I'm not great at the game, butsometimes it is blatantly obvious, such as your weapon moving to block but the attack going through. Sometimes during simultaneous GBs one person will be rewarded instead of both players being reset. In this game, especially against a warlord that has an insane throw, that can be instant death.2. Peacekeeper, Conquerer, and Warloard are the undisputed top tier of the game. They have the tools to abuse every other class in the game.3. Even without the bugs and imbalance it still wouldn't be worth $60. Comparing this game to others such as GTAV and BF1 this game has an extremely small amount of content. I would price this game at $40 max, nut that's probably just me being cheap.It's not a bad game, just not worth it right now. I would say wait for a sale at the very least so that you don't regret buying the game when you inevitably become encrusted in salt."
,Not Recommended,304390,30567506,Posted: 17 March,all,bombitmanbomb,so there apparently was a match stability hotfix now the game is UNPLAYABLE. My openent blocks me then next frame the attack goes through. i land a heavy and get the execution prompt 2 frames later OH WAIT NOPE YOU GOT PARRIED AND ARE NOW DEAD. UBISOFT FIX YOUR GAME
,Not Recommended,304390,29946005,Posted: 15 February,all,Scrappy,"Pros:- Awesome unique combat mechanics- Looks amazing- Runs well enough (most of the time)- Cool class system that makes for more diverese gameplay- A hell of a lot of character customisationCons:- Microtransactions/borderline ""pay to win"" (you can pay to instantly complete class ability trees and unlock better gear).- Combat that isn't 1v1 is a bit awkward and not very well thought out.- At least at the moment game servers are dodgy and unreliable as hell.- General bugs are far more common than there should be from a triple A launchOverall:A cool game with a lot of potential. However, I feel that this has been a bit ruined by it's unfortunatly numerous flaws. If you can put up with some bugginess for a while and don't mind microtransactions, 100% give this game a go EVENTUALLY, barebones it is a really good game. My advice would be to hold off for a bit, let some of the bugs get ironed out and the servers stabilise before buying. Or wait for a sale."
76561198047095061,Not Recommended,304390,30566282,Posted: 17 March,all,†SMK† ~ (羽林军)  烈士殉名,"After patch 1.03 i can not connect to game server ever;Annoying disconnect, crude game play, repeating BGM, and very limited scenario;Worst gaming experience i ever tasted."
,Not Recommended,304390,34978820,Posted: 15 September,all,Sexuwhale,"the games servers are not good. Really liked the gameplay style and idea. So ibought it after playing a couple hours at a friends. Needless to say the servers made the game unbearable, being frequently kicked or screen tearing. Not worth, only played 8 hours and not planning on playing any more. Really wish i could return it."
76561198013343969,Not Recommended,304390,34979272,Posted: 15 September,all,Kallikovski,Worst netcode i've ever seen.  Kicks you constantly out of match.
76561198005551493,Recommended,304390,29995177,Posted: 17 February,all,Crade,"I was actually really impressed with Ubisoft on this one. There've been people complaining of network issues and, while I don't mean to discredit them or anything, I haven't ran into any real issues with connecting to games (only had one game lose connection out of the many I've played, and a few times where joining the game failed because it said it was full, but no network errors).I was also very worried when I was playing in the beta that there was a season pass. It just felt like a repeat of previous AAA games, here's the game, now let us sell you the rest of the game for 30 bucks. But, it was another pleasant surprise. The Season Pass isn't required to access any post-launch content, instead only giving 1 week early access and an immediate access to the new heroes (meaning you don't spend the in-game-earned currency steel to unlock them).As for Steel packs you can purchase with real currency, I get why people are upset about it. ""This sort of market is used mainly for F2P games, so why is it in this paid for game?"" And while I agree to some degree, it is nice to be able to have faster access to cosmetic stuff (for not too bad a price in my opinion). And that's just it, it only gives access to cosmetic items (or to all your selected classes feats early, which honestly isn't too big a deal, cept for maybe the catapult one. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is broken).So, let's break it down a bit: The good.- Easy to pick up but hard to master, fun combat.- Decent levels of customization to make you stand out on the battlefield.- A relatively fun story mode that you can co-op for fun with a friend and to take on the harder difficult levels.- Intense multiplayer fights (especially duels and brawls).- Free Season Pass content for everyone, with early access available to owners of the Pass.The bad.- Some people complain about network issues (I'd research into it, it sounds like it's a very exclusive problem with specific people's hardware).- A bit of grind if you want that sick skin but don't want to spend any real money to get it early.- Somewhat short story mode? (It took me about 2 days of play, roughly 12 hours? But, that's more time than some people are getting out of AAA games that are single player only, so, not too bad for a multiplayer focused game).All things said, I'm having a lot of fun with the game. Thus, it earns my recommendation."
,Recommended,304390,35012161,Posted: 16 September,all,PeppercornSteak,The title is 'For Honor' because nobody has it and they're fighting for the last reserve hidden away somewhere.
76561198145387547,Recommended,304390,29998907,Posted: 17 February,all,RUINER,"GIVE THE GAME SOME TIME, most people never even spend enough time to understand one character (10h) letalone get to know the others!Alot of people complaining about micro transactions (YOU EARN MORE THEN ENOUGH FOR EVERYTHING IN THE GAME, AND YOU DONT NEED TO BUY THEM).Regarding the connectivity issues, asside from the rare bother (NOT MIDGAME PROBLEMS).Great campaign, deep combat/leveling/and loot system"
,Not Recommended,304390,30024738,Posted: 18 February,all,spook kween,"Do not reccomend, it's nearly unplayable without a controller, the matchmaking is absoulutely dreadful and incredably flawed with matching everyone of every skill, the triple a game made by a multi million dollar company and it uses peer to peer servers on a game the requires perfect timing and good connection. Then theres the microtransactions for an 80$ game 1st day on release, then you can buy the obtainable in game currency which you can use to skip all character progression in feats, The only semi-enjoyable quality characteristic about this game is it's story mode, which is a 6 hour poorly made tutorial with a few glimpses of potential good story telling, This game's full release compared to it's beta/alpha  counterparts had small fixable issues but the issues in the full release are way too great and definatly wont ever be fixed or tweaked by ubisoft. This game had such great potential and it threw it the window the second a large community saw intrest. Another game concept once again entirelt ruined a poorly run corprate company that manges to surpass EA's Gluttony. And a unstable horrible designed 3rd party playform to run it through as well."
76561197960577175,Not Recommended,304390,30001502,Posted: 17 February,all,Kintaro Oe,"Do not buy this if your hoping for a good single player campaign.After finishing the tutorial I went into the very deep customisation area for your hero and had him looking epic and upgraded my sword a little bit while I was at it. I was really looking forward to jumping into the single player campaign with my modified character then.... I was greeted with 6 very generic character options.... no sign the character I just made.Then it dawned on me, the customisation must be for multiplayer only.My heart sank, then after about an hour and a half into the game I realised that theres no way to change anything on your character, theres no upgrades of any kind and the actual gameplay just seems to be an afterthought to what im sure is a very good multiplayer game, you could literally finish the first 3 levels just hitting forward and attack. very dull.So glad I got a refund."
76561198050891864,Not Recommended,304390,30362252,Posted: 6 March,all,He@d$hoT,"Cannot play in university dorm because of P2P connection, this does not appear on any other game except for Ubisoft, which is ridiculuous!CHECK YOUR CONNECTION BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME!"
76561198071871025,Not Recommended,304390,30046933,Posted: 19 February,all,Stabalot,"Short review:Pros:- Graphics are beautiful, scenery and character models. Animations are very well made as well- Fun fighting game, when it works as intended- Variety of game modes to play and a fun way to fight with the campagn map showing where the front lines are.Cons:- Per to per servers just don't work in a game that requires reaction time fighting, where a split second determines whether you win a fight or not, lag basically kills you and will kill this game unless ubisoft fix the lag issues- Hard to find and play a game due to countless server errors- Guard break is broken, almost impossible to counter and once hit, you lose instantly- Parry is too easy and determines fight outcome- Some classes are not played because they are not viable against skilled players- Attacks from ledge one shot you no matter your health- Unresponsive control inputs, sometimes when you try to perform a move, it does nothing and you die- People leave games with no penalty, which causes more lag and syncing issuesOverall I cannot recommend this game because in it's current state, it's almost unplayable. The foundation for a great game is there but with server issues and lag it makes the game impossible to enjoy. Do not buy until they fix their lag and imbalances.Detailed review:For Honor has a lot of great things, graphics and animations that make it fun. The fighting is fun, although a bit unresponsive.The lag that's caused by people constantly leaving and joining kills you often. Sync issues occure very often and sometimes cause a game to drop entirely. Also there are countless connection errors that prevent you from joining a game. The lag is one of the main reasons I don't recommend the game.The second major reason For Honor is not fun is the imbalance. Every fighting game has balance issues, I do understand this but this game has some glaring problems that seem to have been overlooked. Guard break and parry are the biggest imbalances in For Honor at the moment. Guard break basically stuns you and allows our enemy to do whatever they want to you, this wouldn't be an issues if guard break counter actally worked, but it doesn't. You can counter the guard break but you have a split second window in which to do it. This means that you will miss the guard break counter and when you do you will lose the fight. Guard break is usually followed by a throw, which is usally followed by you dying by falling off a ledge, which is followed by unmeasurable amount of salt because you hit guard break counter but it didn't work. Also guard break only works some of the time, such as if a person is guarding or just finishing an attack, this means if you guard break at the wrong time you are exposed and will be guard broken and unable to counter, this means timimg is everything. Since timing is everything the lag spikes are what kill you most of the time, or the control inputs not responding.My last point on why this game is not worth purchasing is control input issues. For Honor requires amazing reaction time in order to win fights, so any control input that doesn't work means you will lose fights. When plaing Orochi or Peace Keeper you are encouraged to dodge roll in order to counter and attack and get a free light attack in. The problem is dodge roll doesn't resond sometimes, meaning you press left or right and space and you don't dodge and attack. Basically it means the enemy can get free attacks because the control inputs aren't being registered, when this happens two or three times in a fight you are almost guaranteed to lose the fight. When no dodge roll works for an entire game you lose every fight and the game. This happened to me where none of my control inputs were going through and I couldn't dodge roll any attacks. This is completely unacceptable for a fighting game. Also if you dodge roll a guard break, it still hits you because guard break range is larger than dodge roll and if you get hit by a guard break after a dodge roll you can't counter the guard break because your control inputs are still busy processing the dodge roll. If you can't do esential things that your character is designed to do then you can't play that character at all and the game just isn't as fun because you have to play the few classes that are imbalanced at the moment, Warden, Warlord and Peace Keeper (in spite of the dodge roll problems) are two of the most imbalanced right now.For Honor is fun and an amazing concept but Ubisoft has a lot of work to do in order to make this game enjoyable to play for any measurable amount of time. Lag and control input issues are the biggest fun killers and have killed this game for me."
76561198060213013,Not Recommended,304390,30365720,Posted: 6 March,all,GreenIVIachine,I'd honestly wait to pick up this game until they have dedicated servers. The matchmaking disconnects are actual cancer.
,Not Recommended,304390,30698319,Posted: 23 March,all,Gazellen,"The battle mechanic and graphics are great. It's a fresh kind of multiplayer game.But it being player to player instead of having dedicated servers severly cripples the experience. You keep getting kicked out of games over and over, and since you never finish your matches you don't get any rewards or experience. This also means it takes forever completing your orders, daily missions, for the in-game currency steel.The orders is also very bland and boring and usually is ""play this class in this mode"", forcing you too play characters you don't even like, in modes you don't like.And then there are the steel problem. If you don't want to spend more money on this buggy mess of a game for sometimes necessary equipment just so you don't have a disadvantage in some game modes, don't get this game. If you don't have a lot of free time, I'm talking hundreds of hours, you are willing to spend, don't get this game. Because if you want to be able to play all the characters in this game, and not just one or two, you will need to spend a lot of steel on them. Also the ornaments, cosmetic skins, are way too expensive for being a triple A game. Too give some insight on this, you get around 30-40 steel per match, none if you get disconnected anytime during the match. The daily missions can give you 600-1200 steel, but that's only if you have time to put down four to five hours a day playing this game. Now, an ornament can cost 1000-7000 steel, depending on how flashy/new it is. So if you wanna customize only ONE character you have to put down heaps of time.But that doesn't affect the gameplay. What DOES affect the gameplay is gear stats. If you have enough steel to buy crates and then also upgrade your equipment you get a clear advantage in different game modes. It makes it extremely difficult to test out new characters when you get matched with others with maxed out gear stats because you have an other character with higher gear stats.The bottom line.Ubisoft is treating this game like if it was a free to play game, the way they are urging their playerbase to buy steel packs to play several characters efficiently, and also for customizing. Ubisoft is also not taking the criticism from it's customers well, going out and saying that they never intended you to play more than one to three characters of all the twelve that exists in the game. Not having dedicated servers makes it really hard and frustrating to even play the game sometimes. The gameplay is the most redeeming thing about this game, it feels great and viable to play as diffrent classes, it just needs som tweaking in some areas. I just wish it was another publisher than Ubisoft that made this."
,Not Recommended,304390,30282774,Posted: 2 March,all,Sr_Sandokan,"Its a great game but it has a lot of network issues despite my connection is green allways I get disconnected from multiplayer games a lot, p2p multiplayer in a 60€ game its just a joke.Es un buen juego y divertido, pero tiene serios problemas con el multiplayer, lo tengo perfectamente configurado a nivel de router (vaya tela tener que natear a estas alturas) y aún asi se desconecta cuando le da la gana, en mitad del combate se resincroniza por que se pira alguien, etc. Es una broma que un juego de 60 € tenga p2p para el multiplayer."
76561198067068161,Recommended,304390,30179058,Posted: 25 February,all,Sanarah,"forget about the 40% negative reviews, 30% of them are for the poor servers, this game is sooooo much fun and if you are looking for a balanced skill based game spoiler : you should buy this game"
,Not Recommended,304390,29928254,Posted: 14 February,all,smokey the bear,i cant recommend this game the game is nice but iv spend about 20 of my 60 min playing with a host change its servers are worse then call of duty and that says enough. if the game was 20 or 30$ i think id buy it but im returning it now cuz of how trash it is
76561198105775416,Not Recommended,304390,29929241,Posted: 14 February,all,Theakolis,Bad game. Busy with story lines and everytime the game freezes. This is where I spent my money on... such a shame.
76561198086011924,Not Recommended,304390,29930680,Posted: 14 February,all,Grand Assassin4,"I loved the campaign and style of this game, Vikings vs samuria vs knight, great combination, but thiers issues with the multiplayer that ruin the game. I couldnt play one match without being removed from the match. The servers man ohh wait their aint any servers just a hit or miss but most likely a miss please fix this problem or just add dedicated severs in this game if not the negitaves will increase 80% next week. oh yeah one more thing to add is that my game freeze during the campaign, like this aint multiplayer this is a story that feels like multiplayer, it took five mins, to get past freezes during begining of the mission and also the cutscenes. The patch made the match making even harder to find players, the performance little worse than the beta.My specsCPU: i5 4590 3.30 ghzGPU: GTX 1070RAM: 8 GBOS: Windows 10 64 bit"
,Not Recommended,304390,29927644,Posted: 14 February,all,sky2oo7,Takes 5+ minutes to connect to a match. Peer to peer is cancer. Beta was actually smoother than the real game.
,Not Recommended,304390,29929487,Posted: 14 February,all,Σ(ﾟд´;ﾉ)ﾉ,"are you searious ubisoft, i thought u made a new ip and finally done some great thing. but u just gonna♥♥♥♥♥the whole thing up to make it into p2p connection so people living in campus cannot even play the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198043270509,Not Recommended,304390,29930843,Posted: 14 February,all,Golden Tico,"i love this game it has amazing combat, but i cant play with my friends because of the stupid Peer to peer. i will rate this game up once they put up some servers"
,Not Recommended,304390,30874261,Posted: 1 April,all,Tea&Biscuits,Could of been a good game. Ruined by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.
76561198094429196,Not Recommended,304390,32078998,Posted: 30 May,all,PantryWarlord,"Even though the game is released, its basically still in beta. Have a favorite character? well expect it to be nerfed. Want to win all the time in dominion? roll gank squad with atleast two of the new characters, shinobi with his non-stop ranged guard break spam, or centurion with his unblockable, spammable, stamina draining, undodgeable combo. if your looking for a casual experience for fun, don't bother getting this game. If you don't 100% no-life this game, then your going to do horrible all the time. Dominion being based off of gear, which is based off of your prestige rank, starting out you'll get 2-3 hit before dying. Then you have the ""go do duels, gear doesn't matter."" type people. Your absolutly right, gear doesn't matter, but experience and time played sure does. Prepare for constant spam of combos that 90% of the time even a single missed strike and your character won't recover in time before being plowed into the ground. If the gameplay doesn't sound bad, just you wait for the ever so wonderful connectivity problems that the team claims they fix or improve but only seems to get worse every passing minute. You have people playing in the wrong regions just for connectivity advantages. You then have the fun ""Host disconnected, reconnecting to migrated host."" which 9/10 times causes a total error of the game and every player gets booted. Every 3-5 minutes you will experience a "" players out of sync, attempting to resync gamestate"" message that if in the middle of a winning fight, can easily change that to you getting, yes you guessed it, totally skull ♥♥♥♥ed into the ground. Ontop of that if you don't experience that frequently enough, there is the ever so friendly ""Battle eye disconnect: Poor connectivity"" even though you could have a ping of 10. If this still doesn't stop you from wanting to play this game then prepare for glitches, bugs, and exploits out the♥♥♥♥♥because this game is full of them. Even just recently they had to patch a exploited warden class move that if they landed a successful guard break on you, which most wardens spam either way, they could instantly kill you no matter your health or boosted health. Was this game fun when it first came out? Yes, it sure was bacl when everyone was still new. Seeing as there are no tiered matchmaking systems in this game, expect to be going against people of atleast prestige 5+ every game. Meaning any hope of doing decently will more or less go out the window. Is there some moments where you win? Yes, but again expect that the person your fighting has atleast 500x more experience with this game and just combo you into oblivion using either guard break spam until you miss a counter, which has a 1 milisecond window to do, or use flicker glitches to change their attack angle mid attack."
76561198047954810,Not Recommended,304390,30966356,Posted: 5 April,all,Restless,Have been unable to play for two weeks now due to disconnect errors. Do not buy this game until the connection issues are figured out
76561198024697638,Not Recommended,304390,32227410,Posted: 6 June,all,Norio Degorio,"I dont really know the half of For Honor even after 200+ hrs because i never play 4v4 matches. Beacause the few matches i played this happened-DOM-1.♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking on my team(https://gyazo.com/e402b04f43b7b684c742c6474db27833)were way lower than the other team who had max gearscore and tons of reps underthem.2. I have fun and enjoy the match and then at the end when we go to kill the final person i get dissconnected from the match happened alot to me.3. Cents gank squads and sniping Shinobis.-ELIM-1. I have found 1 match and thats because we had a four man squad (we got 3-0 and had no chance)2.♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking(https://gyazo.com/e402b04f43b7b684c742c6474db27833)Thats the main problems i had in 4v4s.-1v1s-1.Unlockers. If you dont know what this is its basically where you speed up your attacks and make then unparraible. The main person who improves from this is Nobushi. But it can be used on anyone like for instance Berserker can get a top heavy from a gb (which dosnt really matter 1. Because Bersker is really weak 2. Because Berserker can get a top heavy from a heavy parry without gb them just top heavying.)2. Once again ♥♥♥♥♥♥{LINK REMOVED}matchmaking.(https://gyazo.com/e402b04f43b7b684c742c6474db27833)Many times i go vs people who do nothing but parry everything and just crush me without taking a hit. Its even been swaped around before where people cant land a hit on me and then the start to call who im playing op (shugoki/zerk/kensei).3.NAT Types. Every once in a while you will go out of sync than your opponent and you would think that it wouldnt be a big deal but sometimes if someone just throws and attack or an attack just landed/blocked/parried then the attack will end up starting up but around about halfway into the attack.4.Turtles. Everyone hates them except for the turtles. Turtling is when you dont attack and you only attack when you land an attack. Normally you would try to feint an attack to turn the tables but fear not Mr. Turtle beacause you can feint your attack and boom that gb that your opponent deserves is now crumbled right infront of them.-2v2s-1♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking(https://gyazo.com/e402b04f43b7b684c742c6474db27833)2. People crying when you 2v1 them or 2v2 them. People think that 2v2s are 1 1v1 than another 1v1 but if you read the title it says ""2v2 BRAWL"" a brawl is not a DEUL. Think of 2v2s as 4v4s but w/ no feats and remove the 2 people on your team. If it were a deul it would say ""2v2 Deul"" not brawl so stop crying when i run over to my teammate to help him.3.Unlockers. Same as in 1v1s but worse because the person unlocking might not be the person your locked onto right now.4.Turtles same as before ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and op af.DONT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO CRY"
76561198006696752,Not Recommended,304390,34803691,Posted: 7 September,all,Knife70,"Pros:The audio/video quality of the game is good.The fighting engine seems intriguing and the single player campaign is a sort of long tutorial.1 vs 1 matches are usually good.Cons:The matchmaking engine simply doesn’t work.  The players level is ignored at 99%.The netcode is still far from being good.  Connections long waits, lags, disconnections are quite frequent.The characters seems still not balanced.The loot system doesn’t shine at all.You can experience the worst side of this game into 4 vs 4 matches, where it could be named:For DishonorFrequently they are brutal and frenzy snatches, where low blows, 1 vs 2 ... 4 lynchings, teammates ‘friendly fire’ are really common events that are rewarded by the game itself.No traces of whatever warrior honor code here.IMHO it has the potential to be a good game, but up to now it has still too many unsolved problems for its full price."
76561198236562460,Not Recommended,304390,29996512,Posted: 17 February,all,nVand,Do not buy this game until Ubisoft fixes all of the problems and then lowers the price because it is absurd that they release a game of this size that is so broken and then charge $60 for it. I tried for a solid hour to get this to work and it just would not. so disappointing.
76561198018480965,Not Recommended,304390,31452839,Posted: 29 April,all,Jeanne d'Arc,no EXP n Bouns get in PVE (PC ver)Unfair ~~~~~
,Not Recommended,304390,31446647,Posted: 29 April,all,Lörd Shedris,"Damn I wish this game wasnt♥♥♥♥♥♥Decent combat but you will get pegged up the♥♥♥♥♥by a peacekeeper no matter what ♥♥♥♥ing class you play... Unless you're a peace keeperWhy the sh!t is this game $60? D@mn you would think ubisoft has this under control but this game started off with tens of thousands playing it on steam to about 4k-5k on average.The match making takes several milleniums to find people.Dude I want a gamemode where its like straight out of total war but without the top down view n♥♥♥♥♥♥(that would be badass)Honor doesnt exist in this game despite THE NAME OF THE GAMEThe only people who play the game now are people who have stayed with the sh!t since launch, I bought the game on launch and Im even complaining. If you buy the game now your ♥♥♥♥ing pegged.(I mean it)Love the game, Hate these few things that turn it from a good game to a bad bad.PS... There are also things missing that would turn it from a good game to a great game ( Hypothetically without the things I listed)In the state its in right now... Dont buy it."
,Recommended,304390,29929652,Posted: 14 February,all,Fivepoints,The only bad thing are servers (which aren't even that bad half of the time).Everything else is great
,Recommended,304390,30024350,Posted: 18 February,all,Gucci Sensei,"I think this game is great! I have had alot of fun thus far. After I forwarded my ports I had no matchmaking issues. The game is new so I am willing to give the servers and Ubisoft time to get that down pat. The game play is rewarding and it feels great to 3v1 by yourself and kill all of your opponents. Great game, can see it being a competitive game in the future like csgo or the likes, alot of skill is involved and I 'm sure the devs will flesh out any issues."
,Recommended,304390,30006331,Posted: 18 February,all,Wiener Man,"Pfffft people are complaining about the peer to peer player connections. First off you shouldn't be dropping 60 if your internet is♥♥♥♥♥♥ You should invest in better internet. This game isn't for the easy going kiddos who get mad easily either. If you experience massive rage from any other game you WILL break something playing this game. But overall the skillbase in this game is quite interesting. You get thrown off the bridge your♥♥♥♥♥needs to learn how to counter guardbreak. You can't handle spammers.. Whelp learn to block. Fun and always enjoyable to chop heads off. Amen. Hail Vikings,"
,Not Recommended,304390,30188473,Posted: 25 February,all,Rampage,"Awesome game , but as of now i cant reccomend to anyoneway too many connections problems and unrealibity in general.If this improves in a near future i will for sure change my review."
76561198056782452,Recommended,304390,30046163,Posted: 19 February,all,hooch,"First off, a lot of people seem to be confusing P2P with server-client hosting.. In P2P, the information is basically passed around between everyone and not through a single host, which ultimately puts everyone on the same playing field so to say. In server-client, a single host is picked and all information is handled entirely by them, which definitely would not be good in a game like this. It's a good thing that For Honor uses the former and not the latter... There's lots of information about this available online, so make the prudent decision and go learn for yourself :)With that out of the way, For Honor is actually a really decent game with great fighting mechanics once you get used to the ""Hero"" you're using. There's a steep learning curve in the beginning, but that just adds to the fun of getting those combos mastered.There's a bit of pay to win going on for sure, but a skilled player with a fresh char can easily beat a noob in godlike gear. Even there, you can earn enough ""Iron"" (the ingame currency) through doing the 2 tutorials (4500 total) and completing the campaign (i believe 8000) to get some pretty incredible stuff going on. That said, don't buy gear until prestige 3!!!!!The community is extremely ""meh"", it's potentially more toxic than the Chivalry community, which is saying something. Every match is filled with bickering, whining, crying, accusations, and everything you don't want to see when you're trying to chill and play some GAMES - key word GAMES. Some lobbies are okay, but for the most part nah.The game modes are about as diverse as they can be, with 1v1 duels, 2v2 brawls, and a few 4v4 options. In the 1v1 and 2v2 modes your gear level doesn't count for anything, which is great for those who are salty about the ""pay to win"" people (who they could beat if they were actually good).Try it for yourself, if you don't like it then get a refund!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30192283,Posted: 26 February,all,yesse,P2P destroyed a good game.
76561198060100591,Recommended,304390,29926464,Posted: 14 February,all,Qygo,so ♥♥♥♥ing great 10/10 love the game so musch
,Recommended,304390,29980294,Posted: 17 February,all,〽️🎐🌜🅰♓,Great and amazing game!
76561198094170094,Not Recommended,304390,31056930,Posted: 10 April,all,Heroish Elephant,"As my first review for a game that needs an incredible amount of work done, (and thats putting it lightly) I cannot give it a good review. I'm not going to list off every reason why, but heres a few of the major problems.1. Balancing still needs a lot of work, and it doesn't seem like the dev team is really trying to make it happen.2. Dedicated servers. Most people see this as the number one priority and I don't blame them. For christ's sake you can't even play the game without the server interupting a skirmish. The fans even had to have a boycott to try and recieve dedicated servers.Along with the microtransactions, some of the move combos that people spam, and all of its many other faults, it really is quite irritating.And for as many hours as I have suffered on this game, don't make the same mistake."
,Not Recommended,304390,31071032,Posted: 10 April,all,Craxus,Wish I could get my money back...
76561198060116225,Recommended,304390,30431114,Posted: 10 March,all,MrComp,"I bothloveandhatethis game.I hate to hate on it, but I also hate to love it.So, why do you still recommend it then?Allow me to explain...Pros:For Honor at it's core is a good game. The sound and music is Incredible.The story is enjoyable and spending hours to master some of the characters feels great and rewarding when it pays off.The combat is pretty great.. as long as you don't face more than 2 enemies at once.But the game currently still has some flaws that overshadow the good features.Cons:To begin with, we still have a peer-to-peer connection. Ican't even end a match without getting an error mid-fight.Which is frustrating!Some of the characters still have some cheesy features here and there but the devs said that they will fix this in the next season. Just like the cr@ppy matchmaking.And for a 60 euro game, I feel like it lacks content at the moment.My advice:So, do I really recommend this game to others? For 60 euro's. No, not right now.Wait for the game to get more content and improvements. Which it will! For sure, you can already see great improvements and features."
,Recommended,304390,30010447,Posted: 18 February,all,M. Wilke,"Aside from the fact that its P2P, its quite solid.Prepare to get owned... or sat on by a fat ninja."
,Recommended,304390,30056061,Posted: 20 February,all,Ebolaranger,"First things first: For Honor is not a perfect game, but it also doesn't deserve the terrible rating it's getting on steam because of technical difficulties. Honestly this is the problem with these reviews being recommend or not recommend, because games like this look like♥♥♥♥♥♥just based on their overall rating. If you're here and you feel kind of iffy about buying a game that as of today has a poor approval rating of roughly 60%, I urge you to remember that people who face a combination of technical issues and a very challenging competitive game are far more likely to come on here and give a♥♥♥♥♥♥review than the people enjoying it are to come over here  and tell you why you should buy it.Let me just adress the technical difficulties. They definitely exist, though I haven't seen much of them personally. I don't know exactly what is causing specific people to get it constantly or if they're just exaggerating, because it is very frustrating when it happens. But I can tell you that with a good internet connection and open NAT it is at least anecdotally possible to  play with little to no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tech stuff. The most frustrating tech part for me has been that the matchmaker sometimes tries to put me into a full game and I get kicked back to the map menu. I have been dropped from a couple of matches, but not a significant percentage by any means.All in all; if you have a good internet connection and you have or are willing to open ports to make your NAT open, then I do not think you should let the talk about technical difficulties stop you. If you're not confident in your connection, maybe wait until there is a sale or the tech difficulties are fixed, or both.As for the gameplay, I think it's great. The game is all about reactions, mindgames and matchup knowledge. The skill ceiling is crazy high and I am personally definitely stuck on the floor for now. I could try to explain how the system works or why it's good, but if you're wondering about that I would rather say you should take some time and watch different top streamers on twitch.One thing that frustrates a lot of people is the possibility for enviromental kills. The idea that you may be winning a duel and then you just suddenly get thrown off a ledge and it's over. And well... it's in the game, and can be quite frustrating when it happens. Usually people dont try to do it too much if you play 1v1 or 2v2, but sometimes they do and in the other modes expect people to play as dirty as they can. The best thing I can tell you if you hate the idea of it is to learn how to counter guard breaks, it should save you a lot of grief.You will see a lot of people talk about OP classes, either because they are consistently crushed by it themselves or often because they've heard streamers talk about it. Honestly, the difference in power is negligable unless you play at the highest level. As in all games some characters are better at some levels of play and against some playstyles. If someone talks about how OP the berserker is, chances are they dont have good enough reactions to block and parry them, or they're trying to go aggressive and get counter attacked by a faster class. Then there's also the lack of knowledge of what a character does, how the matchups work, the game mechanics and so on and so on. The game is not perfectly balanced, no competetive game where you have unique characters will be, but it is not unbalanced or filled with OP chars like a lot of people would have you believe just because they can't face the idea that they might need to put actual effort in to learn the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30092502,Posted: 21 February,all,Gwelma,Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040Unable to connect. Error 0004502040
76561198123837065,Not Recommended,304390,30259963,Posted: 1 March,all,Zee,FIX UR SERVERS
,Not Recommended,304390,30507463,Posted: 14 March,all,Jewy,"Broken mechanics, Borken matchmaking, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community and no incentive to play the game. Especially when you come up with people who just PTW (pay to win)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30857028,Posted: 31 March,all,ElbowBite,Legendary Ubisoft's server/netcode system (even though it's peer to peer) makes this game just terrible.
76561197972418314,Not Recommended,304390,31400670,Posted: 27 April,all,Deth,"4/10 Overall. 6.5/10 In-game, 2/10 out of game.The game could be fun at its best but it has very extreme design flaws that won't/cannot be addressed short of redesigning huge parts of the game. Furthermore, the rate of post launch development is terribly slow.I would do an in-depth explanation of what is wrong with the game but that would honestly become a 5000 word essay. Instead here's a general, incomplete list of stuff:The UI. Can't do anything while matchmaking? Takes 20+ actions from end of game to start of another? Can't report abusive players in game? The whole thing is a joke.Faction War. uninteresting and un-interactive.Gear. extreme unfair advantage.Connections, Servers...Crashes.a lot more...Turtle Meta.Input delay.Random unexplained mechanics. (eg. assassin block)Game breaking bugs.and more...Sound Design: 1 and only 1 music for both menus and in-game? Seriously?The idea at the core is great though."
76561198146063620,Not Recommended,304390,30129212,Posted: 23 February,all,Nacho,This game is pretty good except for one MAJOR flaw. The guardbreak move (at the moment. this might change with patches) is unblockable. This leads to everyone using characters emphasyzing this move to cheese fights. If your understanding of fun is winning then DO NOT buy For Honor at this time! For now I'll stay with Rocket League and Overwatch.
76561198041476571,Not Recommended,304390,30125894,Posted: 23 February,all,Katz,"There are a few issues with this game as well as several things done right. And though I can no longer play it, I've enjoyed the open beta and first week of gameplay before the hotfix ♥♥♥♥ed me and several others- you can google it or read about it on the For Honor discussions.First off- The game is P2P, with no servers hosted by ubisoft or whoever they got to do the PC version. This is one, HUGE, negative that everyone- and I mean everyone- complains about. This causes almost all the main issues in this game. Disconnection, desync, lag, and hackers. Peer-to-peer is a horrible idea and a step backwards for online gaming. It seriously screws with your online enjoyment and even has issues in the co-op, 2-player campaign they have. For this reason alone, I leave a big old 'NO' on recommending this game until they insert some servers. No matter how good your coding is, p2p is unacceptable and a rather stupid idea. The person who thought of doing this should be fired and placed into special care or zipped up and bound in a straight jacket. That moron is the sole reason for the review scores tanking.Second issue is this game's hotfix. Yes, a hotfix. So this is a possible negative that can vanish- if anything is done for it. This hotfix alone did so many things to worsen the community's experience. First off, p2p was bad enough. Now, you'll see and read a lot of complaints about this hotfix causing more disconnections and issues than the p2p originally had. More people get booted, the game freezes upon new players joining, etc. Worst of all? The game won't even launch for some people who ran it perfectly- like myself and a few others on the Discussion board- anymore due to our up-to-date drivers not being supported. So yes, this hotfix was a hot♥♥♥♥.One week after the game launches, Ubisoft breaks the game so we can't get a refund nor even launch it. Nice.There is a silver lining for those of you with monstrous computers and fast internet connections, those of you with money. And that is all that matters, isn't it?Hotfixes can be undone and actual improvements can be made- if they get servers up and running, too. The game runs well- or ran well. The game is also fun and enjoyable with the option to do PvP or Bot matches of varying difficulties. The game has a story mode, though there are issues with it.First is the story mode- This feels like an after thought, in a way. Despite the story being a prelude and ending to the continuous war of the multiplayer. There are three campaigns in the main story line, one for each faction. And in each one, you get a chance to play a few different classes belonging to that faction, though the main classes are Warden, Raider, and Orochi. I won't spoil too much, but complete the campaign and look out for 'breakables' which give loot, this will give you a big head-start in multiplayer and teach you how to use a good majority of the classes. This story mode can be played solo or co-op with a friend, but is another victim of P2P, so keep that in mind. You -will- experience D/C's.Bots/Ai matches are fun ways of being challenged while learning the game. I recommend not jumping into PVP to get your teeth kicked in. Bots, at first, might seem tough. Soon enough, they become brain dead. That's what you want to feel when playing bots- so easy, you can't lose anymore. At that stage, you're about ready for PVP where learning intensifies. Once you hit Reputation 1, however, go back into bot matches. Bots level as your reputation increases, and they tend to become unfair. But they are still beat-able. This makes bots challenging, allowing you to continue enjoying bot matches while increasing your own reflexes, helping you work on timing, and getting you ready for those tough pvp players who eat scrubs like us for breakfast.PvP - No honor in pvp, everyone gangs up on you and rarely lets you 1v1 in peace. You get thrown off ledges and can't seem to catch a break. But don't worry, that's just war. And it feels so good holding out in a 3v1 or winning a 2v1. If you've got the skill, you can become quite the terror on the battlefield and nothing is more gratifying than watching other players break lock and run away from you."
76561198048022701,Not Recommended,304390,32643071,Posted: 22 June,all,aslightlyburntflamingo,bad
,Recommended,304390,29952653,Posted: 15 February,all,CrappinMorth,"I love this game to death. I hope they'll fix the damn server issues and do some other tweaks.Optimization is really on point, getting 90-100 fps most of the time with an i7 4790k, 16GB RAM and a GTX 970.Even if there are 80000 players online, matchmaking still loads and loads and loads what seems forever just to get in game and be squeezed by that big sushi-eater Shugoki and then stabbed to death by the other players.Anyway, I'll give it a yes. I just can't get enough.And people saying that it gets repetitive. Erm, hello? CS:GO , Lol , DoTA , many more games. Are you forgetting about them? In my opinion, those are a lot more repetitive."
,Not Recommended,304390,33345706,Posted: 7 July,all,Epickairu,"I absolutely love the concept of the game. and even the game play is amazing. but it's got to the point, where I'm not getting the gameplay. over the last two days i've tried playing about 10 games. EVERY SINGLE ONE without fail has disconnected ""connection timed out.""I have finally had enough. I love the game. but i cannot recommend buying it in the♥♥♥♥♥♥state that it is in.I know steam reviews are basically trip advisor for video games now. but seriously,Ubisoft, get your ♥♥♥♥ing act together you cash grabbing♥♥♥♥♥holes.On a side note, rainbow six siege is great, go buy it right now. But aside from that one good game, you, ubisoft, are a pile of wank.Thank you. have a nice day."
,Not Recommended,304390,30851694,Posted: 31 March,all,Mentat,"Worst game ever! , feels nothing more than a demo"
,Not Recommended,304390,30884260,Posted: 1 April,all,sponk le conk,This game is horribly broken and some moves just should not exist...
76561198040269682,Recommended,304390,30113265,Posted: 22 February,all,Cyrus,"Yes peer 2 peer sucks and dedicated servers would improve the user experience, this is still a sick game! I would recommend it over and over.PS. RSA player and p2p is really not making the game unplayable for me (Yes, RSA is in Africa lol)...Ignore the nay-sayers (as I did) and experience this wicked as $%#@$ game for yourself!"
76561198075525245,Recommended,304390,30113386,Posted: 22 February,all,Manny D,"This game is great, the combat is really great it takes time to learn but once knowing how to fight the game is a blast. The story so far has been great not boring in anyway, the voice acting is top."
,Recommended,304390,30130869,Posted: 23 February,all,Bustin,"The game itself? One of the best multiplayer games I have ever played. The combat system is ten times better than any other sword fighting type game. Triggering players is probably one of the best things to in this game. Now all of this makes the game great, but there a slight problem. THE LACK OF DEDICATED SERVERS. Every single person is playing with dial up I swear. It makes an amazing game turned to a unimaginable amount of errors and other horrific problems with matchmaking that make it all but enjoyable. But, once you manage a game, the matchmaking puts you with players either 10 times your level or people that have no idea whats going on. Once you actually get a good match, its one of the best expierences in multiplayer. The game takes hours to master any character and lots of practice."
,Recommended,304390,30004642,Posted: 18 February,all,Candidate_305,Would recommend.Definitly a skill/reaction based game for the dedicated players - I enjoy it.
,Recommended,304390,30004442,Posted: 18 February,all,Nawrden,"One of the best experience I have ever played. Concept is amazing, combat system is simple with complexity underneath it, campaign had a good mix of every character and customising charicters is a blast.But specific game mods are blocked off due to the faction war, ingame currency is almost scarce, specific charicters are too easily exploited and some players don't fight wit honor?;)"
76561198005648413,Not Recommended,304390,30165057,Posted: 25 February,all,Bopit,"This is a great game, executed with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers, with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in game economy.  Honestly the game is well worth 40$, but 60, no.  As a gaming community we should not stand for the kind of BS that is in this game. CRAP matchmaking, unfair payto win in a F@CK#N 60 DOLLAR GAME!  Unacceptable.  the game is fun, but i am saying negative because these type of practices from a company like this is just unacceptable.  Game developers being corned by greedy publishers.  Sad."
76561198104415659,Not Recommended,304390,30352652,Posted: 6 March,all,BlackroseCrow,"I had high hopes for this game but honestly even though I have tried to convince myself otherwise this game is nothing but a dissapoinment. While I feel it has the most fluid and amazing combat I have ever experienced and it looks pretty amazing thats about where the winning features end, a painted dog turd is still a dog turd.  The most major problem is the fact that this triple A game in 2017 focused on multiplayer and it uses freaking P2P servers, so expect a ton of crashes at the start of the matches and anytime someone leaves halfway through. You will find a deeper story in the latest call of duty because this game does not care at all, though I will admit the main antagonist is a pretty epic character it doesnt make up for how such little effort is put into it. It seems that they didnt balance anything at all so what should be fast skillfull combat is instead filled with people playing the most broken character they can and usually spamming a combo that you cant prevent or avoid depending on the situation. This game has 12 classes but you will most likely only be against the same 3 over and over and on top of that, some mechanics in combat are not functioning correctly. Matchmaking is a joke, god forbid you try to learn a new character because it scales you to profile level rather than character level, even then you will often face people five levels above you. It follows the trend of games making pay money for cosemetics and while you can earn them I think many of us are exhausted from paying full price only to pay more to look the way we want. Which brings me to my main issue, this is not a full priced game, all of the issues I have wouldnt matter if it were even a twenty dollar game but it truely feels like it wasnt finished and I payed full price for half a game. I hope that the problems will be fixed in the future but from what I see the company isnt listening. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. If by the time you read this it has severely dropped in price, you should check to see if people still play because right now this new game has dropped players so fast the company no longer lets you see the active player number. Save your money and time and move on."
76561198100931182,Not Recommended,304390,30350731,Posted: 5 March,all,CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP,"Using a wall plugin LAN Adapter, while my roommate uses wifi, he has horrendous lag issues constantly, but that never happens on games with dedicated servers, talked about later. Wifi issues aside, here are my main gripes with this game.-P2PA game in 2017 using P2P is only because Ubisoft was too cheap to run dedicated servers for anything besides buying Steel, because they're always ready to take more of your money. P2P not only has kicked me from more games than I can count, but several times in the course of a match I will get stuck in a ""configuring session"" screen, which has actually gotten me killed because I was in the middle of a fight when it happened and it threw the timing completely out the window. That's *if* the configuring session screen ever goes away, because more than once, I have been stuck in that screen and can only tab out and close the game to resolve this.-BalanceOr the complete lack thereof. Partially the ubiquity of 108 lvl revenge builds, but also because of the seeming random matchups I get in the MM system. I am a 1 reputation account and more than once in dominion I have been placed up against 4 and 5 rep accounts with 108 gear lvl revenge builds that will pop revenge as soon as you look at them. I won't even get into class specifics on this review, because at the broadest level revenge builds are the only build worth making, and the MM system throws you at whoever it finds first, even if searching in a ""strict"" skill bracket for an opponent.-MapsI've just given up on trying to perfect my swordplay against most characters, because I know I can just guardbreak and throw my opponent into or off of the several environmental traps placed generously around the map. For example, the C flag on whatever map it is that I can't be arsed to remember, which is the spot of several duels, has never seen an actual swordfight. It's a mash of middle mouse button, seeing who will mess up their timing first and get thrown into a pit. Why ""git gud"" when I can just throw my opponent into a pit, removing the possibility of reviving them? At the very least, give us duel maps that force you to rely on being an actually good player.I really want to like this game, I really do. However, Ubisoft's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business decisions and lack of any semblance of game balance makes this game nearly unplayable for anybody that isn't hardwired directly into their modem, and even then you're likely to be kicked. Talking to my roommate on Discord, he's now played 6 games in a row that ended with him getting kicked. This is completely unacceptable. Ubisoft, please get your♥♥♥♥♥♥togetherUbisoft apologists will be ignored or trolled."
76561198006935350,Not Recommended,304390,30352836,Posted: 6 March,all,Mordrag,"Networking is crap, matchmaking is a joke and the game is balanced for 1v1 but 90% of the game you will end up getting ganged on by 3 peopleThe core gameplay is promising but the overall game is not worth the money."
76561198060447881,Recommended,304390,30111578,Posted: 22 February,all,MarineCHF,Yes the server situation sucks but good Lord it is such a fun game.
,Recommended,304390,30500877,Posted: 13 March,all,LazorDildar,"This is the first serious review I am leaving and it is solely because I almost never played it due to the overwhelming negative reviews. Keep in mind this is still my opinion and based on my experiences.Starting with the negativesFirst and foremostto me is the steep price. At $80 CAD it was a pretty spooky purchase given what I read in the reviews. This is, of course, not including the season pass which will run you up further.Then there is the premium subscription of champion status which will give you a 25% exp boost, among other things. Furthermore you can buy in-game currency which real money and access some unlocks. This to me was not of much concern. Practising and refining techniques will get you a lot farther than your wallet will and as such ""p2w"" is of little impact on your gameplay experience.The second negativewould be the story mode. If you play games for the single player then this game is not for you. Forgoing the multiplayer will leave you with a very short play through of poorly written Ubisoft garbage and an understandable regret for ever purchasing this game.Finally there is is the hot topic, P2P and connectivity issues. I went into the game expected some pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥connections and expecting to be kicked out of games repeatedly.This wasn't the case. I started out with a strict NAT type and the matchmaking was pretty unfair but the lag was minimal. After noticing my NAT was strict I did a little googling and found out that forwarding port 3075 UDP changed it to open NAT. Once I had open NAT the connectivity actually is much better than many games WITH dedicated servers. In 14 hours of game time I have not been disconnected once. Not everyone will have to forward any ports, most routers will have UPnP that should take care of it for you. If not then quick searches and small know how will fix your issues. THIS IS STANDARD WITH PC.With all of that out of the way, here are some things of interestThe combat is very engaging. If you enjoy duels in fighting games then this should be easy to pickup and learn within a few hours. There is, however, enough depth the combat system that skill ceiling appears to be fairly high and as such should provide with a large amount of game time.The matchmaking and queue times can be fantastic during peak hours. Playing in the early morning will cause the game to match you with some people that may be far above you in progression or ability.This will only serve to make you a better player anyways.There are probably many other things I could talk about but I felt I had to counter some of the reviews that detail a game play that I am not experiencing. This is not because my router or PC is amazing, as they are both aging and outdated.All in all I'd be happy to spend the $80 given the opportunity and I intend to put hundreds more hours into it."
76561198079744222,Not Recommended,304390,31406616,Posted: 27 April,all,Proud Daemon,Next to unplayable because of lag. It's because I love this game
,Not Recommended,304390,30861953,Posted: 31 March,all,Sygrok,"Unlike servers,game is pretty good."
,Not Recommended,304390,31980733,Posted: 26 May,all,Rofl Duck,This game is bad.
76561198063046588,Not Recommended,304390,30812911,Posted: 29 March,all,Nyghtrid3r,"Don't buy this game until they fix their ♥♥♥♥ing servers, their bugs and the ♥♥♥♥ing game in general.In other words, don't buy this game, ever."
,Not Recommended,304390,30664499,Posted: 22 March,all,ANOTHER ONE,"DO NOT GET FOR 6 MONTHS. If the game is still alive by then, hopefully they would have given it the Rainbow 6 Siege treatment and fixed the myriad of issues. If they haven't and the dedicated fanboys are still keeping the game alive, wait another 6 months and repeat until it's fixed. If it's dead in 6 months, your decision has been made for you.Shame because the core game is good."
,Recommended,304390,31941796,Posted: 24 May,all,PIE_RULEZ | Kickback.com,Love the game but ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ off with ur servers. U fixed siege... now fix this
76561198353255561,Not Recommended,304390,30753148,Posted: 26 March,all,Ace Of Spades,Unbalanced matchmakingHard to find gamesNon Skill based matchmaking makes it very hard to get betterMost players you are paired against when starting out are very difficult to beatTeams Never BalancedAll of these things make the multiplayer not fun at all
,Recommended,304390,32245457,Posted: 7 June,all,Tork789,"The game has a lot of balance and connetion issues, also glitches and bugs consistently appear every now and then. But the game is really fun, and I enjoy it a lot when I'm not frustrated because of beforementioned reasons."
76561198047167866,Not Recommended,304390,31941527,Posted: 24 May,all,CWBitch,"I try to enjoy this game and it is fun sometimes, but most times it's a laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that wont let you play five games without disconnecting 5 ♥♥♥♥ing times. I can't believe how stupid ubisoft is, they made this so broken and laggy. It could have been a fun game if ubisoft actually put time and effort into listening to the fanbase instead of just adding a bunch of cosmetic ornaments."
,Not Recommended,304390,30736232,Posted: 25 March,all,Kragled,"This game is great in some aspects, but severely lacks in others. In duel and brawl modes, it all comes down to outsmarting your opponent. But in 4v4 modes, it all comes down to who can gank the other team better. Also, there are STILL connection issues, whether it's being kicked from the game by EasyantiCheat for no reason, or just randomly disconnecting. You could be in an intense 1v1 then Bam! your disconnected.  Or your opponent calls you an un honorable scumbag then leaves.However, this game has some great hero balance, except for a few things, and definitely deserves a try if you want to subject yourself to an endless love-hate relationship.Oh yeah, btw, turtle metaSecond edit: New patch that made the game worse. Guess I should expect ubisoft to ruin semi-good games at this point...3rd edit: Some matches are just unjoinable and connecton STILL isn't fixed, DONT BUY THIS GAME, the only reason I play it is because its the only game my friend has that I have4th edit: Sometime playing with friends doesnt work, and by sometimes i mean 60% of the time5ht edit: Online friends show up as offline therefore you can't play with them."
,Not Recommended,304390,30267408,Posted: 1 March,all,🃏Joker🃏,Unbalanced matchmaking i get on games with tier 108 gear while i have 5 tier gear not to mention the levels about 200 levels above me and more. Also it matches you against other regions that are either really far or have bad connection and the ping is trash thanks to the p2p servers because ubisoft couldnt afford dedicated servers apparently.
,Not Recommended,304390,30736057,Posted: 25 March,all,Chetfreeze,"The game itself was quite fun, but the matchmaking took forever and the entire game had to stop when someone left a game and if they leave the game during the setup screen, you have to Alt-F4 to leave, cause aint no one going to join that dead match."
,Not Recommended,304390,30681710,Posted: 23 March,all,Cackling,"80$ Canadian is a scam price for this game. Do not buy unless this is a 15$ bargain bin special. There is nothing here besides an absolute joke of a multiplayer system. Whats that you want to do 4v4 modes? Prepare to error and get booted to lobby 80% of your games some days. With an almost 10 minute wait time to get into the next one this is a huge deal.The game is so broken right now that reddit and youtubes are overflowing with community think-tanks to try and save this game from suffocating to death under the weight of all its immense problems and deep flaws.If your game is designed so poorly that massive numbers of users leave under a month, and those that remain are trying to do your game-development work for you, because you were either too inept, incapable, or too pressured by a greedy cash-grab publisher. Then you know you have F-ed up big, and did not deliverer a quality game that is worth its full Tripple-A title price tag of 60$ Us 80$ CAD.This game is simply not worth that price by a very long shot. I have never requested a game refund before I bought this game.The balance in the game is all over the place and there are certain spam moves (PK Zone attack revenge spam) that will literally win entire games regardless of any skill whatsoever..There are many such examples in this game. This is not a competitive or serious game, this is not a balanced game, this is not a functioning game, this is NOT A GAME THAT DESERVES YOUR MONEY and UBISOFT should not be supported AT ALL for this utter anti-consumer anti-gamer puke."
76561198073064577,Not Recommended,304390,30681977,Posted: 23 March,all,Candalf the Waxy,"Remember ranked matchmaking, nah me neither"
76561198035197960,Not Recommended,304390,30735842,Posted: 25 March,all,Old-fashioned Hurgusburgus,"As the saying goes, a golden turd is still a turd.The graphics are good, the core gameplay is solid, and, as is the case with many a game these last couple of years, the single-player campaign is utter dog sh*t. No reason to care about the characters, their motivations, or the world they inhabit, just 'hurr durr, war is good' from a generic armoured evil villain. I completed the Knights chapter in under three hours.Three. Hours.Come the f*ck on, I'd hoped Ubisoft (more like Ubish*t, amirite) would have taken the lessons from what they accomplished with Far Cry 3 and 4! Instead we get this steaming pile of dog sh*t. Look, I don't give a rat's *ss about how cool and funky the multiplayer segment is. If the game cannot stand on its own two legs based on the single-player aspect, it's an abject failure.To those reading this - don't buy this sorry excuse for a game. Buy something more worthy of your time, like Mad Max, or Elite: Dangerous."
76561198114256572,Not Recommended,304390,30000622,Posted: 17 February,all,MeLordGuava,"This game is horrible, i've been able to play only the first night the game came out other than that uplay has been complete trash. First saying that login service is unavailable then saying that my login information is incorrect after I know i typed it correctly then changing the password 4 times to the exact same password with no prevail."
,Not Recommended,304390,31327413,Posted: 23 April,all,Baroac obsamu,"It was a good idea but poorly made. I had fun at first but the connection problems and the horrible players make it rage inducing. Classes are overpowered, playing with teams feels like playing overwatch comp on xbox."
,Not Recommended,304390,30193533,Posted: 26 February,all,Rune,"Complete waste of $60 unless 18 chapters of story and vs AI is your thing, even then the p2p/ connection issues in general can cause those to fail too. Save yourself the trouble since Steam will decline a refund if you decided to do story first and went over their scandalous 2 hr playtime policy before attempting the horror that is the multiplayer."
76561198111387364,Not Recommended,304390,30047061,Posted: 19 February,all,Shasta Pineberry,"This game. It's fun. It really is,but the problem is, is that the multiplayer pairs you up with sometimes 5th prestige players and you are only level 4. This is not that annoying in the beginning, but sooner on it just becomes unbearable. Im now level 14 and still getting paired up with 4-5 prestige and its really sad.I do not recommend this game at it's current state. When or if they fix the issue with ranking I will be much happier."
,Not Recommended,304390,33199629,Posted: 3 July,all,devi8trix,"this game is fun, i will admit. however, that is only when playing matches without custom armor/weapons. there are always people who look like they've spent days playing nonstop, and if you aren't one of these players, you will spend most of your time dying to these people. it was fun when it came out, but i don't think i can say the same thing about it now."
76561198081953737,Recommended,304390,30198617,Posted: 26 February,all,Mideum,"the game fetures a diffrent type of combat witch you will learn as you go, its veary fun (when you not getting quadteamed).but i dont bother buying the darkness affect it says 5000 but you have to buy it for idel exactution and taunting if you wasnt the full combo so its 15000 steel not worth it unless you got an extra 12 moneys around, completing the story mode gets you 5000 on hard dont know how much the other difficults get ya.allround its a great game tots worth the £39.99."
,Not Recommended,304390,30740651,Posted: 25 March,all,𝔖𝔭𝔬𝔬𝔎,"Skill based game with peer to peer servers? Count me out. Multiplayer is like trying to predict the next slide of a powerpoint presentation. I'd refund If I didn't afk at the menu for hours. Story is also just bad and lazyily written. The gear system also contains pay to play elements, allowing people of low levels to purchase high level gear. This would be acceptable if there was any sort of matchmaking based on gear rating, but this feature is none existant. The game treats people with gear ratings of 100+ the same as a player with a gear rating of 3. A $60 dollar game with microtransctions is bad enough. Now throw in pay to win mechanics? I completely regret this purchase and this is going to be my last time purchasing a Ubisoft game. They wore their one good franchise to the bone, and now they produce garbage like this."
76561198165924946,Recommended,304390,30207261,Posted: 26 February,all,Rok,"I recommend this game because it is a really fun game the combat is good the singleplayer is ok and it also awards you with  scavenger crates,steel and emblems and it prepares you for multiplayer the problem with this game right now is the connection its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope they fix that soon and also the matchmaking its unfair sometimes and sometimes when you try to search for skirmish it puts you in a match of elimination,stuff like that is probably going to get fixed other than that I have no issues with this game other than that people can get you really mad with some heroes but thats with most games."
,Not Recommended,304390,30505748,Posted: 14 March,all,_Tirektz_,Game is becoming worser after updates... Steam won't refund... wasted money -.-Buy it only when it gets crazy discount. Game itself was good... Hope this game will become good like r6.
76561198027961062,Recommended,304390,29979388,Posted: 17 February,all,SpudLord,"Game is good. Can't undersell how awesome the combat is if you can get into it and do it right. I've personally had no issues with p2p, because i don't consider the fact that it every once in a while (like once every 3-5 games) will pause monentarily to make sure the connections are correctly sinced up. The microtrnasactions are nothing major.My only legitimate criticism about this game is that the campaign is kinda lame and feels like it was intended to be much, much more and was cut in order to either fund the multiplayer or so it could ship on time. Multiplayer is amazing as hell though. Can not rate highly enough the adrenaline pumping thrill ride that is for honor at its best (once you get over the salt and rage that will invariably come from being bad and not knowing the combat)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30701974,Posted: 24 March,all,Chazzy,"In it's current state i would highly advice against buying For Honor. The game has potential to be THE game of the year, but money grubbing Ubisoft done did it again and f*cked something beautiful. It's a glorious game buried in corporate bullsh*t"
,Not Recommended,304390,30186631,Posted: 25 February,all,morphedkirby,"Crap P2P servers, yet its funny how you're playing single player story and if your connection goes away, it deletes your progress and kicks you out of the game. A dedicated server to make sure you're not cheating and a p2p full of lag switchers. Says alot about what the developers were thinking when they made the tech for this game: ""♥♥♥♥ our designers, lets make this♥♥♥♥♥♥like the opposite of EA!"""
,Not Recommended,304390,30481907,Posted: 12 March,all,Patches,"Spent enough time playing to write one...Its ok....for 60$It needs to be so much more....Peer to Peer servers?......Connection issues, laggy connections, if one leaves USUALLY it finds another host quickly, for 60$ I should have servers...Game controll..different.. not at all precise or accurate.Lots of people hate on you for not mastering the wierd controls like they have and call you a bunch of names and there is no way to report or stop them.If you want to win a match, pray your team starts the gangbangging first there is no way to win a fight 4v1Looks nice... and concept is great...for 60$ should have been more brought to the table.Its flooded with ""Buy Me"" stuff in a market.....after buying the original game for 60$and still no servers....peer to peer in case you forgotlots of neat characters....that you have to unlock with steel(in game money) you can earn steel by doing dail missions... but....for 60$ It should come with every character unlocked.the view  will be a pain as you cannot control it and it wants to only face one direction and will put you in 3rd person veiw alwaysall characters are unbalanced and need lots of HP, damage, stamani drain or gain, whatever you call all of it NEEDS WORK..so for 60$NO...NO I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAMEjust wait till it goes on sale, its gonna be there sooner than you think.EDIT-8-10-17So its not gotten better.They will still charge you for in game content after paying full price of $60the community is broken and some are nice most are terricfic-A-holesand the deves have a steamy pile of great stuff infront of their laps but don't know how to transform it into something the comunity likes.So again ... no for %50 off this weekend.. I would still not recommend this Title."
76561198165284888,Not Recommended,304390,30119125,Posted: 23 February,all,Krazy,Gameplay is fun.  Networking is garbage and ruins the game.  That is all.
,Not Recommended,304390,31939279,Posted: 24 May,all,MegaKoyl,"Ubisoft always had problems with balance, logic and money. Now imagine all of it together in ONE game. You`ll see For Honor. Because everything`s wrong: characters are cool but most of the moves are broken (ESPECIALLY THE NEW ONES), Ubisoft fixed the standart ones only after 4 ♥♥♥♥ING MONTHS; ""Shinobi teleports? Nah, of course u can grab him"", ""U have 20 different types of combo? Nah, most of them are useless and you`ll use only 2 of them""Steel is my favourite part: You grade your hero and become stronger or you can buy ♥♥♥♥ing animation for 5000-15000. You`ll say ""Just dont buy animations and grade your hero"" BUT WHY I MUST DECIDE BETWEEN THESE 2 THINGS IN FREAKIN AAA PROJECT? And the deal is that gear system is useless, it does nothing exept forcing you to donate.Ubisoft got a lot of money from this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not talking about netcode. Graphics are amazing, animations are amazing, characters are amazing, but the realization and the will of money made this even worse.Balance is♥♥♥♥♥♥ donate is♥♥♥♥♥♥ logic is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i want English version of the game. i want patches, I WANT JUSTICE."
76561198010284532,Not Recommended,304390,31864592,Posted: 20 May,all,HeavyGrenadier,"After months of this game being around, Ubisoft still has not fixed things like guardbreak counters.  Furthermore, the match-making is very bad.  It pits people with wide disparities in skill and rank against each other.  It doesn't even bother to mix up those with lower rank and higher rank.  If you are looking to buy this game for the first time, keep in mind that your PvP experience will be completely awful.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but Ubisoft should take heed from Overwatch's matchmaking in competitive.  This game won't be fun until they figure out how to balance the game.  Unfortunately Ubisoft seems more interested in microtransactions, skins and emotes than they do a good game.  It is too bad I have to play multiple hours on this game and not be able to request a refund after finding that the game is an abysmal failure."
,Recommended,304390,33125486,Posted: 2 July,all,xXR0tt3nSaWsageXx,*Useful commentary*
76561198078139201,Not Recommended,304390,30041087,Posted: 19 February,all,Onyy,"No dedicated servers, balance issues, matchmaking issues, playlist issues, and a short campaign.Atleast I can be a salty crusader and end people rightly.0 pomel tosses / unblockable 1 shot moves"
,Recommended,304390,30424416,Posted: 10 March,all,Tom,"Honor is definitely the selling point fo this game. I would say, I love it. Fight for honor, win for honor and even lose for honor."
76561198045614838,Not Recommended,304390,31106821,Posted: 12 April,all,DEUS VULT,"This game isn't worth buying.  Lets get started, the single player is♥♥♥♥♥♥  They didn't even try, it's essentially glorified bot matches.  In multiplayer, when the game actually connects, (which it rarely does) it boils down to either stunlocking or rock paper scissors.  I don't know about you but rock paper scissors based games are never fun.  (RTS withstanding) And being stunlocked isn't exactly engaging gameplay.  The game will also cost an insane amount of money in order for you to get high level gear (which affects gameplay) or hundereds of hours.Don't buy this game, you may be enticed by superb graphics and very well done atmosphere, but the game isn't fun.  Honestly Dark Souls 3 (even with the dual greatswords) has better balancing and is more fun to play.  This is a game to rent but I wouldn't buy it for over $10."
,Not Recommended,304390,30233012,Posted: 27 February,all,Fat Sacks,"The worst matchmaking and netcode since the release of Siege. Core gameplay is solid, but the connection this game uses is incredibly bad. On top of all of this the SINGLEPLAYER is online only, so if Ubi servers are down you're out of luck trying to play anything. Matchmaking is completely broken so you get matched based on your play time and not on your actual skill with warriors.This game has so much potential, but there is so much room for improvement just on the network side alone, not gonna go into warrior ballance because I haven't played enough to really make a valid statement there."
,Not Recommended,304390,30954099,Posted: 4 April,all,Zero | CS.MONEY | Skin.Trade,"For real this game is fun , but connection is♥♥♥♥♥♥and controls is horrible"
76561198276547502,Not Recommended,304390,30888339,Posted: 1 April,all,Stopski,The very last AAA game I have ever paid for. Game as of now is unplayable due to combat system imbalances. Devs doing exactly NOTHING about it.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
76561197993197897,Not Recommended,304390,30889346,Posted: 1 April,all,Sopp,"Connection-issues, bugs and a really, really juvenile and adolescent story does not make for a good gameplay-experience."
,Not Recommended,304390,30700152,Posted: 24 March,all,The,There was a game called for honorit's servers were a gonerthe combat is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥p2p is a♥♥♥♥♥and the price tag is quite a hitso on this game i spitthe community are ♥♥♥♥♥♥sthe modes are for maggotsand overall the game tastes the 3-month old Hagislol
,Not Recommended,304390,30728481,Posted: 25 March,all,Duct tape and Willpower,"To put it simply, Great mechanics, Great Graphics, bad connectivity."
,Not Recommended,304390,30889334,Posted: 1 April,all,lifetouch,Fun Game. Disconnects 9/10 games ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft
76561198025242726,Not Recommended,304390,32910014,Posted: 27 June,all,[D7689] Foul,Unplayable because of server.
,Not Recommended,304390,31406223,Posted: 27 April,all,aerosol birthday party,is not goot
,Recommended,304390,29926796,Posted: 14 February,all,dnm,Personally like it but:Pros:- Good Graphics- Well optimized- Interesting story- Must have if you like these types of games- Good game mechanics- FunCons:- P2P servers- microtransactions- season pass (expensive)- Sound out of sync- Feels Like an alpha versionOverall:I like it but at this moment in time leave it until it's on sale or until they fix itI recommend it as it will be a great game when they sort these issues :)
76561198018781323,Not Recommended,304390,30290700,Posted: 2 March,all,bigredpanda,no dedicated servers so constantly getting disconnected from online play. the online when it actually works is beautiful. the graphics the game play and skill required is so amazing but no dedicated servers make this game garbage.
,Not Recommended,304390,29952987,Posted: 15 February,all,ToasTy,The beta was better
,Not Recommended,304390,29956939,Posted: 15 February,all,Fen,"Played the open beta with 0 issues the entire weekend.  Bought the game despite other people complaining of matches being thrown out because I hadn't experienced it and figured whatever was causing the issue wouldn't affect me in the full game.  It's been out 2 days, and on both days, around half of my matches have just been not counting.  Play through match, get thrown to menu without anything counting.  It's occurring so frequently, that I'm on tilt the whole night, so when a game finally does count, I've just played like♥♥♥♥♥the whole time.  Regardless of what sort of unconventional networking scheme you want to try, the game needs to ♥♥♥♥ing work.  It doesn't, so don't buy it.The actual combat design is amazing.  Everything else about the game is completely amateur.  I was willing to look past terrible UI/UX decisions across the board since they don't matter once you're into the game and enjoying the combat, but considering that has stopped working, it has nothing left going for it.  I'm done trying to look the other way for this game after only 2 days.  Don't reward them for being lazy developers.  The game should have never been released in this state."
76561198032885366,Not Recommended,304390,29949824,Posted: 15 February,all,Longhairnoob,"I really love this game, and i've played it alot.. but i regret spending so much money on it to buy the game. The game is expensive, and it feels like it's still in Beta. Random disconnects, and poorly designed UI makes this game really annoying to play when you are not cutting heads of in a 1v1 match.. because this game is amazing, and i love it. but wait until it's on sale! it's not worth your money!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29949894,Posted: 15 February,all,MADDMAX_KZ,buggy server issues players able to counter and ♥♥♥♥ u over after on grab hackers with unlimited STA and block botAI's on game with insane blocking countering and can block nearly all attacks and use revenge 7 times n a 4 vs 1 bot Reallyy Stupid gameneeds more tweeks Highly recamend waiting to see if it gets fixed Like all ubisoft games at launch hackers are around corner waiting Poor serversand short n ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story mode only 3 Chapters thanks ubisoft you ♥♥♥♥ed it up for us once againThis is a game yyou would buyy for a friend and tell him to play with you or a random
76561198024804178,Not Recommended,304390,29951664,Posted: 15 February,all,NaCly,It's a fun game to play but between the microtransactions and the P2P servers i can't currently recommend this game for the current price.I am so sick of the game erroring out when the host is losing and quits out and its a waste of everyones time.If UBI quits being cheap and gets some dedicated servers then I'd  probably recommend this game
76561198001218883,Not Recommended,304390,30003005,Posted: 18 February,all,Manslayer,"This game is garbage. Bad controls, bad gameplay, cheesy kills. I am bad, but I aint spending $60 and a hope to try and get better."
76561198010893305,Not Recommended,304390,30388281,Posted: 8 March,all,Yamin,"Worst. Servers. Ever.The gameplay is great, fun, skill based, every hero plays different.But seriously don't spend money on this game until the serers are fixed.4 vs AI is usually fine.8vs8 you're lucky if you can complete 1 in 5 matches.In case you missed it....WORST SERVERS EVER.DO NOT BUY!"
76561198084490929,Not Recommended,304390,29961172,Posted: 16 February,all,FUzzy Wuzzy Kitty Kat,After putting 16 hours into this game and countless disconnects I'm ready to reviewFor Honor: a wonderful concept and a well delivered combat system and amazing graphics and that's where the good stopsThe p2p connection is awful should have be suspected I mean it's all Ubisoft we got our hopes up didn't we.Also the pc community at least what I have played with to this point are extremely toxic and unhelpfulAnd then there are the hackers and yes ladies and gentleman there are a lot of them. All in all this game at its core is great but Ubisoft the community and the hackers ruin it. If the issues get fixed and there is dedicated servers and a anti cheat system then by all means get this if not wait for it to go on sale
76561198066148797,Not Recommended,304390,29965941,Posted: 16 February,all,Tiny Rick,"Let me start by saying that this game has potential,but for a full priced 60 euro game it should not have micro transactions and neither should it be p2p. The delays are noticeble (best case scenario 110 ms+)and in some occasions frustrating.The balancing needs some work as some classes seem to be a bit overpowered but nothing that can't be fixed with a few patches.Should you buy this game? No unless they change/adjust the netcode it honestly isn't worth spending your money on. Unless you want to encourage bad business practices of game developers then go right ahead and ignore this post."
,Not Recommended,304390,30388633,Posted: 8 March,all,Default,"""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu."""
76561198108888302,Not Recommended,304390,31660486,Posted: 9 May,all,Slade,"Really loved the Gameplay at its coreBUTServers,gear,microtransactions all ruin itPlus, most players dont even fight anymore, they just hang around ledges more often than not so that they can toss you instead of actually fight.I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone anymore"
76561198098765289,Recommended,304390,31893244,Posted: 21 May,all,[HOMO]Branflakes107,Wrote this review while waiting for a game.
,Not Recommended,304390,34596573,Posted: 29 August,all,Moose Jaws,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥game and it's hour long matchmaking and that ♥♥♥♥ing garbage matchmaking penalty
76561198046202232,Not Recommended,304390,34314708,Posted: 17 August,all,Floki,I may have played this game for about an hour but i had already began to see the problems this game has.Pros:-Beautiful game and the optimization is well done-It makes you feel that you are the character you are playing-Different classes for different play styles-Bunch of customizationCons:-P2P (Peer to peer connection) meaning that you can get timed out/kicked out of the match for no reason just because the player that is hosting has bad internet or lives far from you-Takes long to find a match except if it is duels you are playing (almost impossible to find any other gamemodes)-Guard break is overUSED to take free hits whenever you want-Probably will die completely in 2018 unless devs revive it somehow ( We are talking about ubisoft here lmao)The cons above is why i refunded this game
,Not Recommended,304390,33027735,Posted: 30 June,all,WitcherKing18,NICE GAME BUT FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING MATCHMAKING PLS
76561198153728239,Not Recommended,304390,33830656,Posted: 27 July,all,Weed_Bunny,"For Honor, the example of bad hype and unbalancing issuesI've played quite a bit and if the game works as intended it is one of the best games out there. There is a high skill ceiling and each hero is unique in their own way. You can make your favorite hero more unique with the countless costumization options. The maps look amazing and are well decorated and even have different versions. (For example the same map can be placed in a snowy forest or a swamp) But after the latest patches for honor is not enjoyable anymore. The are alot of unbalancing issues, most of the matches are unplayable because of network issues and the high praised costumization is limited if you are a low level because most of the options are locked for higher levels. The patches that are supposed to fix the game make the game even worse. After the new addition of the centurion, ganking (grouping with your teammates and killing the enemy) has become a real problem. Not to mention the low player base as result. This makes matchmaking harder and most of the time you are paired up with higher level opponents.I really hope this game gets fixed but till then it is playable but not enjoyable I don't suggest buying this game at all in the current state. But when this game gets it well deserved fix this can be one of the best games out there.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,304390,30105909,Posted: 22 February,all,Skankhunt420,"The online is bad. Can't really play. So many errors and lag.Take you're $60. Light it on fire. There, saved the trouble of playing this game."
,Recommended,304390,31046803,Posted: 9 April,all,Flookerson,"I know why the game has so many bad reviews. but it's honestly a good game.If you have a dodgy connection, you're going to have issues. You may have some disconnects anyway because that's the nature of a peer to peer connection.butThe game is a lot of fun, and although the devs could be better at communicating, I think the game is on it's way to being great."
76561198086066113,Not Recommended,304390,30549627,Posted: 16 March,all,bcx987,"bought it for 60$,returned this ubisoft trash.like who the ♥♥♥♥ puts free to play boost♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a pay to play game?when its free, ill buy it.yes i said free"
76561197961044795,Not Recommended,304390,30054038,Posted: 20 February,all,BatHuman,"I don't want to write an indepth review of this because all you need to know is the game, in its current state, is playable roughly 3 games out of every 10.  Of the 3 games you manage to stay in without you/someone/everyone getting dropped before the maps loads there is a really good chance the game will dump you/someone/everyone before the match is finished.If you live somewhere like Australia, which has tin cans and string for internet, you're pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed, mate.Dubisoft do not deserve your time or money with this title.  At least not yet.  The game is fun when it isn't trash so maybe worth it if they ever fix the terrible errors that plague the game at EVERY turn.Edit: One more thing.  If you think you can avoid this by playing with friends, you are mistaken.  It is a task in itself to get people, even with open NAT types, to join a group successfully.  When you do the same plethora of errors await you.  And probably more.  Who the ♥♥♥♥ knows?  I've certainly lost count."
76561198052997680,Not Recommended,304390,31984221,Posted: 26 May,all,Lord Genome,"I would love to recommend this game. Unfortunately the core gameplay is so based around absolutely defensive tactics that For Honor has devolved into a stale mess of a game. There is no way to open up a defensive player, even the 'guard break' grab mechanic can be parried, and so is only used after an attack has been already been parried. If two players have decent ping, then attacking is a mistake in play, the best strategy is simply to guard and parry the opponent. In a fighting type game, this discourages offensive play and makes encounters into waiting games with the more impatient player losing. I had hoped for the recent 'season 2' to put forward an attempt to make offensive play viable, but all that changed is the 'gear stat' system which has little effect on the core gameplay, and the introduction of two new fighters with bloated skill sets compared to the rest of the cast."
76561198119212424,Not Recommended,304390,30251446,Posted: 28 February,all,ubernerd,This game is getting unplayable... i am ashamed i paid money for this....it does not work most of the time now…multi player drops more than it works.
76561198013090030,Recommended,304390,30050974,Posted: 19 February,all,Obstinate Orange Octopus,Fun game. Love the combat. I have some problems with it currently.$60 + a season pass is a LOT of money for what they are offering right now.There are some connection issues. Though I have only had one or two really laggy matches.The community right now is pure garbage. People will say the worst things you can imagine if you beat them or sometimes if they beat you.
76561198033603811,Not Recommended,304390,33633232,Posted: 18 July,all,Azmodues,So much potential lost due to the excess of bugs and connection problems :(
76561198044444288,Not Recommended,304390,34362867,Posted: 19 August,all,LucemBosom,"You're better off playing with your balls than playing For Honor. Don't have a pair? Go find yourself a pair, because the amount of time and possibly money you'd spend will be far more enjoyable. All those issues you've heard about are still there to this day. The devs don't seem to care about fixing it.  Don't buy this game and go something better with your time. (Like fondling your balls)"
,Recommended,304390,29952521,Posted: 15 February,all,shakespeare,ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED!!!??
76561198362969272,Not Recommended,304390,30508681,Posted: 14 March,all,Kenneth 1 Nut,I absolutely hate this game. I tried to refund it when i had under 2 hours of playtime but since i left steam open it said i played for 5 hours and i bought it the day before. Not recommended at all. I wish i could refund it.
,Not Recommended,304390,34175087,Posted: 11 August,all,your face,So much wasted potential..
76561198151397082,Recommended,304390,29997935,Posted: 17 February,all,Stahl,only seen the occassional bug and 1 or 2 dc's. nothing major. game runs smooth and the combat is very fun.definatly worth it
76561198105543729,Not Recommended,304390,30228218,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr. Meeseeks,i cant get my uplay acount to set up with my steam acount and every time i go on it says im a guest.
,Not Recommended,304390,30086972,Posted: 21 February,all,Snow Hawk,let me know when you fix the connection problems.
,Not Recommended,304390,29955988,Posted: 15 February,all,UBaKr,"The meta for this game is a fat japanese man grabbing you and killing you immediately regardless of health.Every class in this game relies on one gimmick that deals massive damage. Combat is extremely repetetive: blocking and hitting and parrying fill up the beginning, while a few hours in every raider, warlord, valkyrie, lawbringer, the entire japanese hero list, conquerer, and peacekeeper has mastered their unblockable attack, which hits for 1/4 most character's health. Furthermore, the instakill environmental mechanic reduces most - if not all -  fights to a position and reaction check.Few classes take actual skill, but even then the majority of them have some abilities such as the kunai and bow for the japenese, the artillery for the warden, the hand grenade for the peacekeeper, that vastly reduce the health that a character has before the fight even really starts.The game itself has flaws, the peer to peer networking and lack of servers lead to some awkard encounters, and the ""skill"" filtering does absolutely nothing: even when given a metric of class level or class item level, the matchmaking puts your team of level 10 friends against prestige 2 players. Still too, the microtransactions present are worrying.This game does have its high points, but they are few and far between, and only come whenever you're winning. Losing in this game doesn't feel like it is based on player skill, more often than not. Even in 1v1 duals, where player item level is neglected, the presence of abilities and environmental hazards puts a dampener on the fun. Further still, the gimmicky moveset of some heroes, including those which can apply damage over time attacks on top of an already healthy damage per regular attack or those that instakill full health heroes and heal the attacker, also reduce the fun in losing. Losing can be fun, but only whenever you can learn from your mistakes.The practice mode, which is supposed to teach you how to play heroes, doesn't allow the player to choose what hero they are playing against, only the skill level of their opponant.The campaign isn't great either. The story is lackluster, and the combat suffers from problems here too. The player's character is displayed as extremely powerful, able to cut through the rank and file with ease. Their sword that could cut through a shield and kill the man behind it in one swing suddenly is reduced to a rubber whacker when faced with anyone blessed with horizontal bars over their heads.Still too, the writing can be criticized. Character movitivations are weak: the Warden is a harbinger of justice and protector of the weak, but serves an organization without real complaint whenever they slaughter prisoners.Graphics are good. Sometimes buggy, especially when AOE buffs are used.Despite everything I've said, the multiplayer has some redeeming qualities:Every hero has a diverse movesetUsually combat against a particular character is uniqueSometimes players forget that they have abilitiesVisually, the heroes and combat themselves are well designed:Unblockable attacks are telegraphed with a unique orange tintLine of sight is irrelevent whenever surrounded: there is a wheel to easily block oncoming attacksThe ranged abilities have some telegraph, however it is extremely short.In conclusion, I would not recommend buying this game based on its repetetive combat, lack of balance, microtransactions, terrible netcode and peer to peer networking system. Furthermore, I would invite you to read the first letter of the last two paragraphs."
,Not Recommended,304390,30662156,Posted: 21 March,all,PKxPanz3r,"I play this game on both Ps4 (128 hours) and PC (7 hours) and the first couple of days were awesome, but after the first round of patches came out, they nerfed the Orochi (my class of choice) which seemed well balanced, very fast, not too hard hitting, agile, yet fragile, you work really hard to master the class and become good, and they Nerfed it to the pace of a Snail, and thats the least of my troubles, the Peer to Peer connectivity, is borederline Prehistoric, you start to lose a match and every 10 seconds the game stops and loads in a New host, in a game where miliseconds count this could be and will be the death of you, Not to mention how HORRID the matchmaking system is! In my first round of matches playing on both PC and PS4 i found myself going against a team of all Prestige 5s and 1 Prestige 14, and my team? 0 prestige everyone lower than level 12, youll find yourself often sided with noobies going up against players who seem to spend every second of their life on this game and it ruins the fun and the experience of the game, All in All, this game is Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is why i returned BOTH copies i own, the 200 dollar copy for PS4 with the Statue and the 60 dollar version for PC, as you can see i was super hyped for this game, played the closed beta, the open beta, and now at its release, i hate this game with a passion and until the matchmaking is fixed i will never spend another second on this game again. a kill death ratio of 3.87 to 1 will drop rapidly to possibly even .79 to 1 depending on whether or not the match maker likes you or not, i had a great love for this game, but now... ill sign on every now or then, play 1 or 2 matches, smash a keyboard or controller and curse out the matchmaker and sign off, rinse and repeat. ♥♥♥♥ this game!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30338260,Posted: 5 March,all,RaveClark,"Do you like getting matched against players who are a much higher skill level than you?Well this is the game for you!Get matched against a player with 200+ hours in the game when you only have 2!What a great idea!The player community is toxic aswell.♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.Also, falling 2 feet into water kills you, LUL."
,Recommended,304390,34278647,Posted: 16 August,all,Spooky Mustard Jar,*Joins a match with bots.* How hard can it be? *Gets slaughtered by bots* Oh ok.
,Not Recommended,304390,30363828,Posted: 6 March,all,✪MajorRampage,"First off my friend bought this for me because when I played the beta I concluded that it is not worth the $60 price tag.Great graphics except the what I think is a frame cap at some spots on maps for some reason. I will be running at 60-50fps then at certain spots instant 30fps and is locked at it. May be me though but I remember assassins creed doing the exact same thing though and I had to install a 3rd party software to fix it.The story mode is not half bad with sorts of bosses and some humorous moments. Again though, not worth $60.Now onto the online quality. Oh boy...Online games are horrible with constant pauses in the match and if you a unlucky enough for the match to not be able to start (which happenes more often than it should) you will haft to close the game by forcing it to close because it will not leave from the loading screen. That said some people (like myself) will haft to restart the computer for it to close.For the multiplayer side of things, if you are looking for a fun honorable game this isnt for you. It consisits of mostly guard breaks and hits and constant repeats of that. You can combat it yes but in total it ruins some of the experiance. Things are still unbalanced and there is a large gap between skilled and unskilled matchmaking in which some games you stand no chance and some games you compleatly dominate.All in all the game is not worth it and for that reason I will not recommend it."
,Recommended,304390,29956082,Posted: 15 February,all,Ashikaga,"This game is undoubtedly a masterpiece for gamers like me who was always addicted to medieval combats. ""For Honor"" has an excellent graphical quality and a sufficient gaming optimization. The characters' fluent battling motions were all recorded by professional martial art masters.I'd strongly recommend this game to all gamers who are fans of medieval melee weapons and conflicts between eatern and western cultures.Updated Feb 18th 2017Overall score 3/10, -7 for ubisoft's concerned servers, I can't even complete a single multiplayer game."
,Not Recommended,304390,32151690,Posted: 3 June,all,mnhkarthik,"A great game buried under uneven matchmaking, broken characters, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ P2P connection and micro-transactions.Don't touch this with a 10 ft pole, maybe Ubi can fix it the way of Siege until then forget it."
76561197997183761,Recommended,304390,30048897,Posted: 19 February,all,Norveejun,"IntroductionI'm not experiencing any real technical or network issues that some other people are facing. Game is running amazingly well for me. I did experience ahuged**k punch when I first launched the game. It got attached to the wrong Uplay account, which really f**ked me over. However, Ubisoft's support fixed my mistake for me no problem and it didn't waste any of my season pass premium time, which was totally rad.User InterfaceI love how seamless the whole game is. For instance, the ability to chat with other players while the game is loading. That's a really cool feature and there's a lot of really seamless intergrations in the game that make it a really pleasant experience. Being able to peruse the game's many interfaces without being locked into one screen while loading is an incredibly underrated feature. The UI in-game is really well done too. Very clean, easy to read, and understand just what the f**k exactly is going on. Big points for a visually pleasing interface, imho.Combat MechanicsThe combat mechanics are really quite amazing. I was alittledisappointed when I found out that feats had to be earned in-game every single match. After reaching reputation 2 (kind of like a prestige system of sorts) with the Samurai's Orochi, I came to realize that's the right decision on Ubisoft's part. Feats are incredibly strong and you can slightly tailor them with different ones if you want, which is really nice.I love customization.CustomizationSpeaking of customization, holy Batman is there a lot of it. Helmets, armguards, chestplates, sword blades, hilts, etc. You can even choose what gender you want for most classes. Some of them are naturally gender locked, like the Valkyrie, for obvious reasons. But, the amount of customization is insane.This is the level of customization I wanted The Division to have.I'm proud of Ubisoft's offerings in this department this day. You have no idea how much character customization means to not only myself, but a lot of other people too. Really helps you feel attached to your character (I get sad to see my Orochi get skewered by that big Lawbringer a*sh*le and his massive pollaxe.)WAR! WAR! WAR!A big, big part of the game is the focus on the 'war' aspect of it. At the beginning, you choose which faction you want to represent on the fields of honor. Then, as you play the game, you accrue war assets every match, which goes towards your faction's war effort. Every 6 hours, the map then updates with cool little animations and you can see how your contributions are helping. Plus, depending on how much you contribute, you get special rewards at the end of a 'round' during that specific season. Really cool. Good job, Ubi.Closing StatementsAll-in-all, Ireallylove this game. Sure, the P2P sh*t is kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥off, but hey, at least the gameplay makes up for it. You can tell that the developers really put a lot of effort into this game. It's Ubisoft's 'upper level' that chose not to give us dedicated server support. So, with that being said, I'm judging the game on it's own merits alone. Therefore, without a doubt, this game is hands down f*cking amazing.FOR HONOR!10/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,31031735,Posted: 8 April,all,Snappedfir,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Why you may ask? Because all of the good reviews of the game were made when everyone thought this game was ""fun"". I'll tell you about my time with this game. I played the beta a ton with a friend and it was great game, looked very promising. When the game launched I was unsure about buying the game but like Italy in both world wars I kinda just said ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and joined in and bought the game. It was like the beta and was good for a little bit but then forgot about it and did not come back to it for a while. I then came back and realized something terrible about the game, the matchmaking is one of the worst I've ever had the dipleasure of interacting with (some of the community is the same way). I was facing people of were waaay over my level and just mopped the floor with my♥♥♥♥♥and I never faced anyone that was my same skill level, NOT ONCE. Other things range from unfair combos and some heroes being better then others and then of course the peer to peer ♥♥♥♥ing connection. Overall if you are thinking of buying this game THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE THAT IS WAY BETTER TO BUY BECAUSE THIS GAME IS NOT THE RIGHT DAMN OPTION. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30168145,Posted: 25 February,all,Sergei,"The game is fun, don't get me wrong. The mechanics are great and the graphics.BUT if you want to play multiplayer, kiss your money good buy, because the servers are complete crap. so much lag, so much disconnecting, it's just terrible."
76561198018964923,Not Recommended,304390,30307112,Posted: 3 March,all,Moha214,"The gameplay of this game is great and had a surprising amount of depth to it...if only I was actually able to play this game. It's fun if you can connect, but often you won't be able to or get booted out of a match. This doesn't seem to happen too much when you're in a 1v1 duel or even a 2v2. For some reason 4vAI or 4v4 matches just tend to crap out in the middle if you can even connect in the first place.I'd definitely recommend this game if the connection issue ever gets fixed."
76561198061903912,Not Recommended,304390,30313325,Posted: 4 March,all,PriscillaW0ng,"This game is very good in combact actions.But the multiplayer server P2P is making this game horrible terrible!If I had a chance, I will totally request for refund !!!!Yet, Ubisoft never make any updates on this matter. This is so disrespectful !"
76561198045574882,Not Recommended,304390,30071761,Posted: 20 February,all,A GODDAMN WIZARD_OYA,10/10 unplayable- match has to reconnect every 15 seconds
,Not Recommended,304390,30071779,Posted: 20 February,all,Web-Mang,"Refunded because I can't even connect to 1v1's vs bots, let alone any of the actual multiplayer modes. From what I've heard the servers are terrible already, so unless you want a game where you stare at a loading screen forever, I wouldn't recommend this game for you"
76561198103810885,Not Recommended,304390,30203775,Posted: 26 February,all,Slavic Squatter,"So I have roughly 111 hours on steam and the idea of the game is fantastic but just like every other player has been ranting it has its faults. Each class except for a certain few are completly broken. For example the most hated is probably the nobushi and character that uses a naginata and causes bleed with every strike but for example a kensai who has a nodachi a very sharp sword and blade meant to cut off limbs like they were nothing causes no bleed? Yea... I understand its the class specialty blah blah blah.... no stop it.....The developers fully understand what their doing and its to grab a quick buck just like ubisoft does I highly doubt they care about class balance another example they made a dude made of full plate armor a law bringer who wears chainmail and most likely leather or a gambeson under the armor but a peacekeeper can grab and stab you to cause bleed but when a conqueror smacks him with a flail meant to cause internal bleeding and cracking bones no bleed nothing just solid hits either get rid of the bleed, stop it from killing you all the way....yea but its bleed you gonna die yea and you would die if i smacked you across the head with a flail youd be on your♥♥♥♥♥...and if I get a clean cut on a nobushi my blade will cut through your measly cloth....anyway the point isnt for realism its to understand that there needs work on this game because when you play a certain class you want to have good clean fair fights which you will most likely never find because of all the 1v1's ive done i see nothing but Orochi Nobushi and peacekeeper the absolute main ones almost every match people also have no honor they will gang up on you as you see in every video the title ""no honor"" well its true unless you play with a selected group that has honor which nowadays most gamers just purely do anything to win not caring about honor literally the title of the game.Revenge mode is completely broken I have a warlod who has 108 gear stat score and is completely unstoppable i get revenge mode every 10 to 15 seconds or less depending on how many people attack me and can manage to kill an entire team by myself and its not even fair. There are times in 1v1 where I get a good match up say a lawbringer against a kensai or raider against conqueror and it becomes an intense fight sometimes and thats what you want to look for.Another thing people abuse the fall system you can be at full health bout to finish someone when they grab you and just throw you off a cliff. Yea takes some real skill to grab and throw... oh but you fell for it maybe or I just messed up guard break point is why not just stand  your ground and fight with honor till you fall these warriors that their using didnt care bout death they would fight until they would drop dead were not talking bout random soldiers cause there was not much honor in a battlefield can get stabbed in the back out of no where but this is a duel you know...you and the enemy in front of you who has more skill to survive and rain champion and get that glorious execution that makes you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥until you get jumped by everyone else on their team and die and they revive their teammate. And why add power ups in a 4v4? There are so many better ideas they could have done but no only power ups that increase your armor but also gear score so you become a walking god that nobody can kill and hit people twice and their finished.....I dont reccommend buying this game at its current state just wait and see what happens cause honestly I doubt it will last much longer until they make some changes.... if they dont then good job ubisoft for scamming thousands of poeple into another well made game like the division yet another lie...."
,Not Recommended,304390,30325962,Posted: 4 March,all,Lango,"Would not recommend this game to anyone in the state it's in right now.  Gameplay and graphics are great, but the networking is horrible.  I have 30 down and can't haven't been able to finish one game in the past week.  Every game gets disconnected either right at the beginning or mid way through.  Would not recommend until Ubisoft fixes the connection issues."
,Not Recommended,304390,30491698,Posted: 13 March,all,simon,"For all Expats and others who want to play a game in English, read on.""I really HATE you Steam and uPlay! You clearly list: ""Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian, simplified Chinese and English (Audio only) languages"" and as such I take it to MEAN that it comes with English overall. But NOOOOooo it comes with only audio in English the rest is in Russian!I am WELL CAPABLE of paying FULL PRICE for this ! FOR BLOODY ENGLISH! I'm an expat but how many times must I be punished for this fact?! I want to SPEND money, not sit and look for ways to get refunds on a game that I want to play!Stop this NONESENSE of language restriction in regions, and introduce a FULL PRICE OPTION for ENGLISH features if that is what is bothering you / Uplay so much."""
,Not Recommended,304390,30209895,Posted: 26 February,all,quipher,"This game is great. I wish I could recommend it. The reason I can't is the lack of servers, making this game peer to peer. That means if someone rage quits the session turns laggy or just ends. And people rage quit a lot. It would also be cool if we could play against more than 4 people at once, but the biggest game modes only have 4v4. If UBi fixes these things they have a 10/10 game here."
,Not Recommended,304390,29954060,Posted: 15 February,all,Red Hitmonlee,"I played the Beta and had high hope for this game however i just cant get passed the negative experience. Due to connection errors im only able to play and finish 1/5 games. There are no dedicated servers, its all P2P. Because of that i have been kicked for connection errors far too many times. Its ridiculous and i have requested a refund. (hopefully i get it)Id reccomend if they can fix these connection issues."
,Not Recommended,304390,33290799,Posted: 5 July,all,ChrisCross,This game was going to be good but Ubisoft ruined it.
76561198161021817,Not Recommended,304390,29950041,Posted: 15 February,all,Mazzie'sSource,I had for honor for the first day it came put but i cant ♥♥♥♥ing play it cause ubisoft is like sorry were down right now pls use pfflin i click offline they say you never used uplay on this computor befour pls sighn in online 1 befour using offline try making new account sorry account proccess faild try again later BUT THERE WILL NEVER BE A LATER WILL THERE UBISOFT WILL THERE
76561198049731603,Not Recommended,304390,30710967,Posted: 24 March,all,The Black Hand,"I have a love hate relationship with this game, and I think that anyone who purchases it and can get past the initial culture shock will feel the same. The graphics are awesome, the story is pretty damn good, and the game actually rewards you for completing the campaign, which is nice. The combat system is a lovely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and takes a long time to figure out, or master.Now onto the dirty. The p2p connection system is ♥♥♥♥ing plagued with problems, games will lock up with players leaving, or getting disconnected, single player also relies on this, so if you play with buddies -- prepare to lose all of your work if one of  you get disconnected. EVERYTHING is online, singleplayer, multiplayer, bot matches -- if you don't have a connection, or a good connection, don't try to play this game. It is a waste of your money.Most of your characters have some very exploitable, very cheesy abilities -- there are people, and will always be people who spam it to death, you will dedicate a lot of your time learning how to counter these if you don't quit outright. The prestige system is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥You are matched with players basted on your total prestige, instead of the prestige of your character you're playing. This means you can level 5 characters to prestige one, and you're going to be fighting prestige 5 characters with 108 gearscore, because these people chose to level that one character on your level one bushi because you want to try something different every once in a while. You might think skill trumps gear, in a lot of cases it doesn't, the current meta is 'REVENGE MODE' literally a character with 108 gearscore can sometimes block two times, with another character nearby, and endlessly enter revenge mode, and take on multiple opponents with free health, and additional damage. Revenge mode is also broke as hell.UBISOFT has a lot of work to do on this one. I personally tried getting a refund on it, but bypassed the 2 hour play limit for the refund, after that I decided to get my premium paid price out of the title. Since then I've begun to have a little more fun, but every inch gained on for honor comes with three miles of frustration, anger, and regret. I cann't in good conscious reccomend this game to anyone that isn't a masochist."
,Not Recommended,304390,30765505,Posted: 26 March,all,Dustbin,"If you don't plan to get seriously into the game at any level you will probably have a lot of fun. Not £40 worth of fun, there's absolutely not £40 worth of content in this game, but you will probably have fun nonetheless.But at a higher level the games fundamental mechanics work against itself, and make for incredibly boring fights, and the balance at any decent level is awful.Several of the game modes are very poorly designed, and gear stats were very obviously tacked on as a grind/cash grab scheme to draw people in, with zero thought as to balance or what it means to the game.The campaign is alright, I guess. Not the reason to buy this game though.I would buy it in 6months if it still has any players, maybe they'll have overhauled a bunch of mechanics from the ground-up."
76561198053861240,Not Recommended,304390,33605134,Posted: 17 July,all,Fisco,"Worst $100 ever spent on a game. If you must purchase this game, you better try out the base game first. FH is fun if your winning and terribly frustrating if your losing. Servers are terrible. Matchmaking is terrible. Internet not up to par? Neither will your game play then. I bought this game to play with my friends and ironically, it mostly drove us apart lol. Uninstalled....."
,Not Recommended,304390,31312196,Posted: 22 April,all,KHAOZ,"So I just bought this game, and it feels like I just wasted $60 bucks down the toilet. I also just streamed this like a couple of minutes ago, and the practice tutorial was the only promising ""gameplay"". After that, I tried to play online and it felt like ages trying to matchmake with others and actually play online, but no promises, this game did nothing for me. By that, I mean I really wanted to play this game, and I thought I could finally play it today, but nope as it is completely ridiculous.I also forgot to look at the reviews and was hoping that they were decent, but sadly I rechecked and I feel really depressed.The only thing I looked at was the overall reviews and they were mixed. I can't believe this game ended up being horrible..."
76561197985832220,Not Recommended,304390,30312919,Posted: 4 March,all,Zach,"Is the game great and fun to play? Yes. Throws are a bit lame and cheap, too plentiful and cant be stopped once started.However, the server issue that everyone is talking about? Thats real and unforgivable, and Ubi has no excuse beyond being cheap. P2P cant still be a thing in 2017 for a game like this."
76561198159132541,Not Recommended,304390,30637097,Posted: 20 March,all,Professor Clutch,"This was a great attempt by Ubisoft for a multiplayer game, but they either forgot or disregarded the lack of honor in most multiplayer gamers. First I'll address some good ideas before stating my opinions on why I don't recommend this game. The faction war is a cool idea especially since it's cross-platform. And, how well you fight in each game determines how many assests you can contribute towards your side of the faction war. So you can carry your team with like 20 takedowns, 5 deaths, and a lot of renown, still lose, and contribute greatly to your faction. The different game modes are great as well. The fighting style is something new and exciting, but has it's downsides. I haven't played much of the storyline yet so I can't comment on it. The gear is equally amazing and one of the worst things in the game. I.e. If you play as a raider with epic gear focused towards stamina regen, exhaustion recovery, and stamina cost reduction you pretty much can heavy swing for infinity, but you could be matched up against a peacekeeper who has gear that boosts his revenge gain by defense and injury, revenge attack dmg, etc., and end up not being able to land a solid blow on them, let alone a fatal one. Most of the multiplayer gamers have no honor. Even though game modes like elimination or domination are great ideas a lot of the people that play do not like 1v1 battles. If you play anything except duels be prepared to be tag teamed... A LOT. Only a handful of people across all platforms have been able to stave off a 1v4. There are also a lot of people who spam the same, almost unstoppable move(s) such as the lawbringer spamming the running stab or body flip. There are quite a few of broken classes. I'm looking at you nobushi with you massive bleed affect that allows you to kill people in two stabs. Ubisoft had a ton of great ideas for this game that have been ruined by the players. Playing multiplayer in for honor is like running around in Black Ops 3 against a team of haymaker spraying a**holes with heat wave and concussion grenades. If you do still want to get this game after reading this, then I advise you to somehow convince at least one other friend to help you not get as f***ed."
76561198200348949,Not Recommended,304390,30080508,Posted: 21 February,all,Arshaqn,"I was in closed beta, the game seemed fine in the start but then i started experiencing DCs and other stuff. i thought they'd fix this in the final release so i preordered it, and was rather dissapointed, to say the least, to find all the same issues still in the game. I literally cant connect to a single PVP game although i have Open NAT and has high activity. At this pont i really agree with all the negative reviews, as each and every one of them is correct."
,Not Recommended,304390,30081346,Posted: 21 February,all,Pisarz Bajko,CAUTION!!!! DONT BUY IT!!! P2P and Pay to win. MASSIVE CONNECTION PROBLEMS!!!!! This game is a scam! They just want to suck ur money out of a pocket. People farm lvls being afk whole game but U wont experience that because U wont even connect with game session or u will get kicked in half match.
76561198002015732,Not Recommended,304390,30081401,Posted: 21 February,all,TheSuspecT,"this game is a total bug fest and troll fest ques you up for a room thats allready full and gives you and error instead of requeing on its own ?!?, you make a party with your friends the party leaders ques up only he joins the game the rest of the party gets autokicked ?!?!?! why did i give u 60$ for a pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥that dosent even deserve 10$ ?!?!?!?"
76561198008993327,Not Recommended,304390,30325914,Posted: 4 March,all,SpaceLord,"Can't recommend the game in it's current state. I'm playing an assassin class (Berserker), which should be fast. The connections are iffy, constant freezes in the middle of fights where the game pauses itself to reload. Actively using blocks, but the game doesn't register the quick change ups. Same as dodges. Sometimes I'll get hit 3-4 times before before I can even defend myself because it's so slow to respond. Wait to buy it on a 75% off sale, if there's even anyone playing by that point. It's gone from 40k active players down to around 12k at this point.- updating my review, after some time this game is a mess. They introduced new characters, which have almost super powers. Rather than a realistic gritty melee combat game, it's going cartoon spam fest. Some animations on characters are slower or faster, meaning in combat recovery time from a simple block or knockdown can leave you dead."
76561198052332163,Not Recommended,304390,32113500,Posted: 1 June,all,Lolodrom,"TL;DR:Magnificent concept of a game ruined by connection issues.Really sad, could have been a fantastic game."
,Not Recommended,304390,33356190,Posted: 7 July,all,Pixel,"Very disappointing. Hate that I payed full price for it. This was one of the first times I bought a game from Ubisoft, and this will probably be the last if Ubisoft keeps creating promising games that completely fail."
,Not Recommended,304390,30931805,Posted: 3 April,all,bigdaddyhame,"This game is challenging to say the least, in the sense that you are almost guaranteed to be placed against players much better than you as soon as you start playing the game. The combat can be wonky at times, where some players have simply learned their character to the point where they will simply wait for you to attack and then counterattack with an unblockable combo that takes half of your health. The duels would be the most fun part of this game, but it ends up being the least fun in my opinion. 90% of the playerbase plays the same 4 characters, ruining the fun of learning many different playstyles, and as of the current patch, it would take ages to level one class to completion through legitimate means, let alone any others. As usual, Ubisoft has released a free-to-play game under the guise of a full AAA title.The community is not the greatest and the servers are pitiful, but through my hours of playing, they have gotten better. IT IS STILL AN ISSUE that they have not added dedicated servers, but that is probably not what Ubisoft ever intended for this game.  The playerbase now dwindles, and I recall on multiple occasions fighting the same player 3 times in a row while re-queuing for a match. The war of factions that seems to be ""So Important"" is actually just a gimmick to provide the team with the most players with extra loot, and serves no real purpose.The campaign of this game is horrible, the story is flimsy and the voice acting is sub-par. The characters seem very clichéd and boring. The animations in this game are terrible and the facial animations are even worse. The hitboxes are also a problem, but even after reading this do you get the game, it doesn't really matter.Overall: 4.2/10 Needs some serious love and care towards the community and the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,31908888,Posted: 22 May,all,Puckish,"If you are looking to buy this game, don't. It's too late the learning curve is no longer possible to climb. You will never get a match with players of equal skill unless you are top tier, but you won't ever get there. Because you can't get good when you are getting ganked and guard broken to death. I want to love this game I really do. But the pvp is no longer fun, it's nothing but top tier players that are usually only matched by others of their skill level, new and returning players stand no match."
,Not Recommended,304390,30765524,Posted: 26 March,all,LoT.  Argo C137,for goner
,Not Recommended,304390,32000443,Posted: 27 May,all,Zoanox,"In-Depth Game / Character Review(As of Season 2: Shadow & Might)I wasn't able to put in as much detail as I wanted to so I've shortened this A LOT, sorry if it seems really short.IntroductionIn this review I'll be ranking the characters (heroes) by 1 of 3 titles-1:Balanced2:Manageable3:Highly / Somewhat AbusiveReview: RealisticnessMost of these characters are fairly realistic to a point, with the exception of a few things. The obvious one being Revenge Mode, highly unrealistic aspect of the game however forgivable for it being a game and all. This will activate mostly if you're in a position where you are fighting against more than 1 enemy at a time, however, this ability turns sour when you rank your armor in such a way that you can keep pumping out revenge mode. There has been a nerf to it which makes it a little less common to be activated, however there have been a number of times where someone will just turtle their way through and keep activating revenge, they still die, it's mostly a waste of time.Another highly unrealistic thing is their removal of the difference in running speed between the characters. It's insanely odd to see Lawbringer, a man with a heap of armor, and Shugoki, a fat sumo, run the same speed as a Nobushi, a lightweight character.. Ubisoft has removed the ability to rank up your running speed which made things more realistic, and also more balanced in most situations.Now, the most unrealistic thing of them all, is Shinobi. Not only is this the only character that actually gets a running speed boost ability from the get-go, but this character literally disappears into thin air and reappears (rather quickly) in it's moveset. For a game that tries to go for some sort of medieval fighting accuracy; having this in the game is pure stupidity.Review: Multiplayer MapsThere are a decent amount of maps that have a nice general design, and some are very pretty to look at such as Temple Gardens. However they are packed with WAYYYYYYY too many environmental kills, where a player can very easily bait you into being thrown off, OR a lot of tight areas where you can be cornered very easily and fights just aren't very elaborate because of this. I can already see you typing ""JUST GIT GUD"" -- Yeh I agree somewhat, but with how crap the matchmaking is, new players are put up against experienced players and this doesn't give them anything to learn by, and learning with Bots isn's the same as real-player situations as the Bots aren't as adaptive, more randomized.Review: CharactersKnightLawbringer:ManageableThe moveset is diverse and has a decent amount to learn. Very swift and calcuated character. What ruins it is during gank situations they will constantly shove, or flip you (which is not blockable) while thier teammate is hitting you, you get put in a constant stunlock and die.KnightWarden:Slightly AbusiveBasic moveset, which ruins it. There isn't much to do with this character. Furthermore what it does have, is a constant unpredictable 50/50 move which is highly annoying.  It's a shoulder bash much like lawbringers shove- one part of it you can't block and they get a free hit in, and the other part of it is if you dodge they can grab (guardbreak) you and get a free hit in. The warden can change what it's going to do half way through doing the move, 100% unpredictable. They will also spam the shoulder bash during ganks to stunlock you.KnightConqueror:Somewhat AbusiveIf this character gets you into a tight area where you can't dodge the shieldbash move it does, then game over they will spam that until you die. They can also spam this to stunlock you in gank situations.KnightPeaceKeeper:ManageableUbisoft has nerfed this enough to make it manageable. Moveset is diverse and takes a bit of finesse to pull off properly. Nothing particularly overpowered about it except the speed in which it's quick attacks come at you. It's often unpredictable which direction you have to block in, and once they get one hit in they get another free hit because you can't change block position fast enough.SamuraiNobushi:BalancedDiverse character with a moveset that allowed to to combine them in a lot of ways. Character armor looks ugly though.SamuraiOrochi:Somewhat AbusiveThe Cockrochi has a diverse moveset and is very satisfying to use everything and dismantle your enemy. However tryhards (not me) will use 2 moves, overhead quick attack, and zone attack. They are very fast and hard to parry. The zone attack starts off with an overhead red indicator making you think it's going for an overhead quick attack, that needs to be removed.SamuraiShugoki:Somewhat AbusiveMoveset is linear, but has a decent amount. Shugoki gets hyper armor which lets it shrug off 1 hit and continue with it's moves. The Shugoki is very good in team situations, kinda over powered actually.SamuraiKensei:BalancedBasic moveset but diverse in ability to use it. Not overpowered in any way at all. Probably the most perfectly designed character in this game.VikingValkarie:ManageableIn a 1v1 situation this character is kinda annoying but manageable. If you get put in a close quarters situation and they spam a move that trips you, then you're dead. This move is often spammed which is just boring to fight against.VikingRaider:Somewhat AbusiveMoveset is linear, and like Warden, has a move where it can 50/50 you and is totally unpredictable and performs fast.It also stuns you getting rid of your HUD.VikingWarlord:BalancedThe moveset is easily telegraphed but be careful not to screw up. This character excells in trying to throw you off ledges, has an insane throwing distance. But it's manageable, play smart.VikingBerserker:BalancedRelies heavily on feints to confuse you, takes some skill to do properly and the payoff is good. The only bad thing about this is how much damage it's overhead heavy attack does, way too much for a character like this, and it gets hyper armor during that so it cannot be interupted.CENTURION:ManageableYou can counter a lot of what Centurion does, but if he gets you, then you're likely a goner if the user knows how to play. This character is beyond overpowered during gank situations, they will constantly kick / punch / stunlock you. Activating revenge mode won't even stop them.SHINOBI:Highly AbusiveComparing Shinobi to every other character makes them look easy to go up against. This character is not easy to use, I'll give it that. But once you know how to use it, you'll essentially be unstopable. Ubisoft seems to think that slapping a small amount of health on it makes it okay. But nah, every move combination this character can do will utterly destroy you. And just the way it performs, moves, acts, is beyond unrealistic. It's recovery time is faster than any other character, and the kick move that it has cannot be interrupted by anything at all and will get a free heavy hit in after it. It also has ranged attacks, and the ability to be hidden from HUD / Radar. If you're fighting someone else, they can come in and get free hits on you from afar without you knowing where it is, and unable to block it unless you're accidentally blocking in that direction.Story Mode:No one cares..You can complete it in about 4 or 5 hours, there is no character depth, the plot is thin, but it's a good way to learn the game I suppose.Rating: 2/10It gets a point for being pretty to look at and feeling fluent in how you interact with everything. And it gets a point for trying to be something great, but it fails miserably in it's attempt to balance.https://discord.gg/p6RFjMq"
,Not Recommended,304390,29978116,Posted: 16 February,all,Bung,"+When it works it's great.-but those moments are rare, controls are clunky and feel like they are not made for pc.-Half the time when trying to block it just won't switch stance no matter what.-microtransactions are everywhere.-wait untell it goes on sale and they make the dlc free and I'll recommend.6/10 needs workedit* I really do love this game, Ubisoft just seems not to care about it as much as we do.Update* God damn did this game have potential, I will honestly cross my heart ever buy a ubisoft game again. All they do is hype up some bulls=%_ and abandon it as soon as they get their money back."
,Not Recommended,304390,30026412,Posted: 18 February,all,Sichvot,"Connection Issues!! Mostly due to them not using dedicated servers.Game worked over all better during the technical test and got worse during the beta tests.Poor Character Customization.Small and limited number of maps.Poor singleplayer..Disconnected from your friends when partied.Forced to have Uplay installed and used as the social accept/invite system.If I wasn't given the game, I would want my money back."
,Not Recommended,304390,29980205,Posted: 17 February,all,TheLegend27,"Well, if they start to fix the connection issue and stop giving us complicated solution like chaging ip or any of those, i can guranteed is a splendid game with amazing graphics. But right now, is a joke. get a grip ubisoft, fix it. i don't recommend u getting it yet, but till they fix it, u should get it"
76561198086041019,Not Recommended,304390,30090706,Posted: 21 February,all,G[B]H.Touchy,"fix your connection issues.plsUpdate: $130 for ""A network error occurred. Returning to main menu.10/10 would waste money again"
,Not Recommended,304390,32659402,Posted: 22 June,all,fruit salad; yummu yummy,I just paid 40$ to browse my phone for almost 2 hours.Matchmaking is dead
,Not Recommended,304390,34207885,Posted: 13 August,all,LostSignal,This game is still ♥♥♥♥ing trash. I tried to play after 4 months of not playing and i can't even stay in a ♥♥♥♥ing match this free weekend didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30602854,Posted: 18 March,all,Kit,"Really not worth it. The campaign is superb, the gameplay is awesome if you like fighting games. The problem? Matchmaking is awful and there aren't enough people playing to keep the extremely good players from being put against weaker ones.In short? You get utterly destroyed by people who have better gear (or if your in a normal match with the restricted gear etc) who know characters better and pull combos very well.You either have to practice/play a LOT to compete, or give up. Will be worth it if they bring out more PvE elements."
76561198313152630,Not Recommended,304390,30177970,Posted: 25 February,all,RainJermaine,"4v4 doesnt work, the peer to peer matchmaking has ruined this game, why dont you learn ubisoft?"
,Recommended,304390,30093138,Posted: 21 February,all,MSB,great gamegreat visualsamazing control with your characterpeople are over reacticing with the server issues.
76561198000237201,Not Recommended,304390,32000255,Posted: 27 May,all,Fisticus,"As most other reviews have said, I want to like this game.  I did for a while when the game first came out and everyone was starting fresh.  Now I can't get into a game without being massively outclassed.  The matchmaking in this game is horrendous, I almost don't even want to call it matchmaking.  I'm pretty sure they take all players and throw them into one giant pool, no thought to gear level or reputation level.  Sometimes I get lucky and my team is stacked, a lot of times I'm unlucky.There is no worse feeling than jumping into a match and seeing the opposing person/team having a massive advantage due to gear levels.  If you want to get away from that, you can try duels.  Most of the time I do I'm facing off against someone who's reputation level of their character is at least 2-3 times higher than me, generally meaning they've played a crap ton more than me.I would hate to be a new person getting into this game.  At this point I would advise against buying.  Maybe one day this'll ""Rainbow Six"" but right now it is miserable to play."
,Not Recommended,304390,34738517,Posted: 4 September,all,Ghōst Kagé,Never before have I played a game that induces such rage.
,Not Recommended,304390,35117867,Posted: 21 September,all,Stanky Wang,I wish i spent $80 on burgers at McDonalds instead
,Not Recommended,304390,33871052,Posted: 28 July,all,CookiBE,"So i love this game, the playstyle itself is brilliant and the idea behind it is bloody brilliant, sure some of the characters are a bit on the OP side but that happens with a lot of multiplayers and can be worked on.That was the nice part....so whilst playing the open beta (back before release) i encountered none of the problems that everyone had complained about and fell in love with game because of that. That was the moment of peace, the honeymoon period so to speak, from the moment of release it went completely downhill...It started with people just quitting and having to force close the game just because it was the easiest way of getting into another game quicker but rapidly transformed into being randomly kicked from parties and games as well as not being able to play or rejoin. In the end it's clear Ubisoft did not learn their lesson from R6S and just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the servers because it's cheaper, It's a shame to see an otherwise awesome game go down the toilet."
,Not Recommended,304390,30362120,Posted: 6 March,all,Dr. Legend,"I am not the sort of person who downvotes games casually, and I rarely bother to go out of my way to do it unless something compels me to do so; this is the case in For Honor.There's not a lot to say about gameplay in its current state; The concept and execution of the mechanics are great and they work great - it's a super solid game and I'd usually give it my wholehearted recommendation. Truth be told the problem with the game is not anything related to gameplay (balancing issues of varying degrees aside) but instead with its connectivity: You won't find many games downvoted on Steam to 50% for connectivity reasons alone, For Honor's connectivity is genuinely some of the most horrifying you'll seen in a AAA release.Before I continue any further, I'd like to reassure that this is very much a good game and would be worth your money under normal circumstances, however For Honor is a multiplayer-orientated game and it still uses the pathetically outdated Peer-To-Peer connection system where one person is chosen to host the match - so if your host has poor internet, that means lag, rubberbanding, teleporting, skipping frames, delays, pausing the game to resync everyone and the shockingly common disconnection errors (which occur commonly enough anyway) and a total lack of dedicated servers (aside from matchmaking itself and the microtransaction store... Go figure, right?) and all of this through ♥♥♥♥ing UPLAY.The game is divided into:Duels (1v1s)Brawls (2v2s)Dominion, Skirmish and Elimination (all 4v4s; capture and control, team deathmatch and perma-death, respectively).Duels are for the most part, fine. Brawls too are usually in the safe zone, though a random disconnect can happen. All of the 4v4 modes are completely broken on a fundamental level and to this day in 20 hours of playing online I have not once completed an online 4v4 match of any variety due to being kicked out of the game, even in an overall lagless match with a perfect connection.This is in part due to the peer-to-peer system being unreliable at best and blatantly unable to function correctly at worst, and the standard for 4v4s is to end the game with a completely different set of players than what the match started with because almost everyone will get disconnected and replaced by another player at some point.This is if you even get into a game with someone on your skill level, since the game claims to match you with people at your skill level yet I see people at level 1-10 getting matched with people who have prestiged once, twice or even three times.I know dedicated servers cost a lot to run, but this is a multiplayer title in 2017 and Ubisoft was always going to profit enough from this game to justify setting them up.Overall, very good game execution with very poor execution for literally everything save the mechanics themselves."
,Recommended,304390,32330648,Posted: 10 June,all,https://www.twitch.tv/lord_jado,"Many people claim this game is dead or dying, and as true as it is that it's lost quite a few players, I think it's far from dead.The developers for the game are doing everything they can to listen to the community (or at least the constructively critical members) and improve everything.I totally think this game is amazing, completely one of a kind. Unique control scheme works really well and all characters have unique fighting styles that require adaptation. Maps are well polished and look gorgeous, resulting in a really visceral experience.Single player campaign is lackluster, but who cares? The PVP is what this game is all about anyways.TLDR: Even though the game is in a bit of a rough spot rn, the devs are definitely pushing in in the right direction. Come out and join the community on our Whiteout project on June 17th!"
,Recommended,304390,32328195,Posted: 10 June,all,PurpleCrowbar,"OK, time for a For Honor review. This review will actually cover the game instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing like 70% of the reviews of this game.First off, I am not biased in any way toward Ubisoft. I am not a Ubi fan nor am I against them. This is one of the first Ubisoft games I've bought. With that out of the way, I will continue.SummaryFor Honor is a fast-paced, challenging thirdperson PvP fighting game with a small variety of unique, fun to play characters. Featuring an innovative playstyle, For Honor is really unlike any other fighting game I've ever played. It is hard to get into (which unfortunately turns a lot of people down) but is very rewarding to learn to play.Do not buy this game if you want to play a casual game. For Honor is very frustrating to play upon new installation, but offers many different playstyles due to its roster of characters. With numerous gamemodes to choose from, a player can quickly find the mode they prefer and can play to their heart's content. The game does encourage variety by giving you various 'quests' in which you can earn more in-game currency (Steel) by completing. OK, enough summarising, let's get onto the pros and cons of the game.The ProsInnovative and unique playstyle.Challenging but rewarding gameplay.Little to no restrictions in what you want to do.Not P2W (as you'd hope from a game like this). In-game currency can be purchased but any steel can be acquired with relative ease after a while of playing. Also, players can't just buy the game and spend a lot of money for top-tier gear as the game only awards such gear after you get to a certain level with the character you want to get the gear for. Basically, you need to actually play the game to progress, unlike a lot of games in which you can just spend a few hundred pounds and max yourself out.Active developers who are constantly working to improve the game. Seriously, they are.Fun as hell.The ConsDisconnects. You will be disconnected from about 20% of your games. A problem, without a doubt, but one that has been blown heavily out of proportion.The saltiest community I've ever been a part of.Like every PvP game ever, has metagames. Apparently people would rather complain than learn to adapt to the games current meta.The dreadedP2P Connectionis a bandwagon throw-away line of criticism by the For Honor hate bandwagon party. Please,educate yourselfbefore hopping on a stupid bandwagon. The only people who actually believe that P2P connections are a valid point against the game don't understand how multiplayer games work.Unbalanced characters. Some characters are simply better or worse than others. The developers constantly work to balance them and DO actually listen to the community.TL;DR:For Honor is a challenging, unique game which got caught in an unfortunate hate bandwagon. Not for casuals."
76561198039497276,Not Recommended,304390,32325438,Posted: 10 June,all,horndar,"I WISH I DID NOT HAVE TO WRITE THIS! I WANT TO WRITE A YES BUT RIGHT NOW ITS A NO!This game when it first was released was a bit shaky. Over time however Ubisoft was doing a great job improving and the game and by the end of season 1 I would have suggested everyone to play this game. Then season 2 comes out and this game turned into a horrible nightmare. The 2 characters they added to the game broke it. I have no idea who was on the balancing team for ubisoft but they did a (Horrible) job. The feeling you get from these character is the reason that they are so strong is so ubisoft can sell there stupid season pass which is quite a disappointing feeling. I have never been so frustrated playing this game until season 2. I have put in 170 hours into the game and I now feel that it was a waste.The game itself for the most part plays very good. It is a step in the direction that I think most game should take in fighting. However balance has always been a huge issue with this game. Though I understand with time that this part can be fixed. Even though there are still stupidly strong thing that ubisoft has not put in check ( Warden ) and has always felt like some characters get a bit to much while other characters don't have enough to compete (Poor Poor Raider the best made character in the game.).I honestly enjoy this game but in the state that is at this time it is to frustrating to play when all you see is stupid characters like Shinobi and Centurion running around kicking and (I MEAN KICKING!) every other charcter around so much that it is annoying as hell to play with anyone who does not have a move that compares or revenge. Don't get me started on revenge. UBISOFT I would love to know why you make a game that takes so much skill to master with the characters and then you add a dumb power like revenge. I will still be watching this game and maybe one day it will return to being a lot of fun like it was at the end of season 1. This is not a rage quit kind of post either I have realized over the last few weeks how I have been growing more and more frustrated with playing the game. This honestly saddens me. As I have already stated earlier this game was fun, and at times still can be fun. So if you are on the line of not sure if you want to buy it. I would suggest to get it.... on sale."
76561198109730552,Not Recommended,304390,32466424,Posted: 16 June,all,Head-banging addict,Screw your game. Mybe you should think of how to solve your connection problems instead of releasing new heroes.
,Recommended,304390,31736712,Posted: 13 May,all,Chikenflakes,"Though the game may have its issues, For Honor is an amazing unique game."
76561198013288596,Recommended,304390,31762695,Posted: 14 May,all,Magnus Brosefer,"Let's get this out of the way - connectivity issues and dropped matches.  You'll have to sit through a lot of loading screens waiting for matches, and a fair number of those matches will drop, especially if someone rage quits.  You can't browse your inventory or other screens while loading, so keep something on your desk to look at while the matchmaking happens.  Connectivity and drops have been steadily improving, and I'm grateful, but that's something that should have been a priority for the developer long before release, not after.  If Ubisoft doesn't abandon this game (and the $40 season pass holders with it), they'll probably get the issue fully resolved with a major patch at some point.Speaking of which, Ubisoft for whatever reason decided you need an account with their UPlay system to play. I get nothing out of the account, it's just another annoying thing to install and forget about.Other than that... the gameplay is great.  Combat is intuitive, but rewards skill.  That is to say, you can't button-mash to victory, but you can get the basic moves for a given class in short order and be competitive enough for online play.  That's a very difficult balance to strike, and more importantly, it's *fun*.  Classes are different enough to provide variety, so there's plenty to do.  Different match modes cater to different playstyles; the only hitch is that Duel and Brawl modes are so short that it's almost not worth the long wait for matchmaking.To reiterate: the gameplay itself is fantastic.  The blocks, parries, feints, grabs, combos and dodges are all very intuitive, and the character models and animations are distinctive enough to realistically portray what's happening - no guesswork from bad animating or crappy hitboxes.  It's easy to immerse yourself, and you don't have to fight an uncooperative control scheme or badly-integrated animation.  Reaction time matters, but your ability to read your opponent matters more, and button-mashing won't work against a player with any experience.The online community is amusing.  Some people are friendly, some salty, some vindictive, but they are always entertaining.  But I have a really odd sense of humor, so maybe it's not your thing.On balance, I still have to reccomend this game.  I've wanted a good swordplay game forever, and the gameplay of For Honor delivers.  If you're not easily frustrated, the game itself is fun and rewarding."
76561198108338569,Not Recommended,304390,32925729,Posted: 28 June,all,BlackBlood98,"a 10 min pretty much a ban ubisoft thats how you lose player base. your servers are crap. you are crap. probably will try not to buy one of your games anymore. i quit a match so what i get basicaly banned out of multiplayer for 10 mins for it. yea why not give a warning you dum company. i see ubisoft, i wont buy. i hope you bankrupt."
76561198064236294,Not Recommended,304390,34468506,Posted: 24 August,all,Black Magic,"the amount of bs this game has is just mind numbing. i have 200 hrs on this game but i think that it for me im done. the ptp  issuse aside this game is just broken some classes make me wonder why i stuck with this game for as long as i did. cent and his infinte upper cuts, pk and her infinte lights and bleed dmg, Raider and His grab of doom and thats just to list a few of the problems this game has. map design seems stupid to me with all the hazards (which i dont mind if the game had some hazards but every map is filled with them) there is only really 2 game modes people play and thats dom and duels ubi is slow to udate anything, they dont seem to listen to what the players want( it seems that way to me) and this Community is filled with the most trolls and salt miners i have seen. i dont mine trolls but when people go out of there way to single out new people and give them a hard time just because they arent doning so well and the community being so small that the may as well be little to no matchmaking you're not helping the game in any way but showing that you are an♥♥♥♥♥hat.this game is just frustrating to play. So i think im just done with this game i really wanted it to work but it didnt."
76561198151648829,Recommended,304390,31638595,Posted: 8 May,all,Gaara of the Sand,"Game is honestly pretty awesome, it just gets old fast if you don't get bored of repetitiveness and love getting gangbanged 1v4 its for you."
76561198084038321,Not Recommended,304390,33796612,Posted: 25 July,all,MiniEinz,Out of 6 gamemodes there's only one that anyone plays and everyone is 200 levels above you as normal
76561198131814754,Not Recommended,304390,30646905,Posted: 20 March,all,Echooo,"The reason I am giving this game a dislike is because this game crashes and you  get kicked out of the matches that your in almost all the time. this is a beautiful game and is awesome if it work properly. the fighting is different from other games witch is great but if you are playing and you keep getting kicked out it will make you pull your hair out. guys this game is not worth 59.99 with all the errors that you get please  before you buy look at anger joe's reveiw on youtube, I really wish that I seen that video before I purchased this game. or at least do some reasearch before you buy. Thanks!"
76561198054161461,Not Recommended,304390,31522016,Posted: 3 May,all,DerLordofWar,I can't play the game. That's it. I takes me at least 20 minutes to find a match and then I lose connection in the first minute of the game. Only thin I can do is playing  1v1 and the singleplayer. I don't understand why I can play every other multiplayer game around exept For Honor.
,Not Recommended,304390,34828974,Posted: 8 September,all,Queen Derpy,"Good Game design, Poorly executed and the worst connectivity ever seen in a god damn videogame"
,Not Recommended,304390,30048041,Posted: 19 February,all,redCOMET,"I really wanted to like For Honor. For the time I played, the gameplay itself wasn't bad.But the game wasn't tested enough before release. There are too many bugs and multiplayer itself is broken. For a game that's supposed to be multiplayer-focused, that's a deal breaker.Like, you'll get into a game and wait 4-10 minutes for it to start. Then the game could crash or boot you from the match at any point (connections are peer 2 peer rather than servers). Or the game's framerate will drop, though no fault of your great rig, and you'll get kicked for having low FPS for less than 1 moment. Hell, I even turned my settings way down and it still booted me and multiple friends for ""low FPS"" during certain Viking executions.Might pick it up again after a year if/when Ubisoft fixes all the really game-breaking bugs.Single player was cool, but it's like 6 hours of content."
76561198028052021,Recommended,304390,34720459,Posted: 3 September,all,MAXIMUS DEATHFUCKER,"I will suck Roman's f**king c**k for Centurion nerfs.EDIT: Cent is getting nerfed, Roman was pleased with me."
76561198360405945,Recommended,304390,30261725,Posted: 1 March,all,Bore_Dumb,I feel it is a must own! I am typically a FPS gamer but this game is a great change. Graphics are amazing and gameplay is refreshing. Give it a shot!
76561198137171275,Recommended,304390,34166931,Posted: 11 August,all,🎃ScarEko❄|🎃,Apart from the connection problems and people  being salty about being pushed of a ledge its alright....the way the combat works anyway the game looks god but needs a lil bit of help
76561198279681348,Not Recommended,304390,34843502,Posted: 9 September,all,kingfahuud,"First of all this is my story with for honor. I was one of the biggest fans of for honor i played the beta version i pre ordered gold edition  before 1 month before its release date, i played for 7 months suffered of connection issues and unknown errors & bugs  my total rep reached 258 all my heroes are more than rep 15 fully geared up, i never crossed the rules of the game never cheated never abused other players.In season 3 the game started giving me anticheat errors kicking me out in every 3 or 4 matches of gameplay  and suddenly before 12 days i traveled to other city for work matters then when i came back and opened my mail i recieved anti cheat  warning accusing  me for afk. how possibly i risk my account after all progress i made?and last night they just banned my account for 3 days without showing me any evidence. i contacted the ubi support yesterday asking for explanation & 24 hrs passed nobody answering me.so.... it seems it will end up by banning my account permanently that easy by anticheat bugs like other  innocent  players i saw complaining in the websites which some of them haven't even played the game.pay 100$ and get tired the whole year by progressing  and when you reach at the top  then get  banned nice work ubisoft i appreciate it.you can't even have the right to play custom matches or single campaign without joining the server.sadly to say, this game is completely dishonor.i don't recommend this game for 100%.Guys don't lose your time & your money as we did.Good luck."
76561198018884314,Not Recommended,304390,34882853,Posted: 11 September,all,Une pichenette,Totally annoying !
,Not Recommended,304390,34916851,Posted: 13 September,all,ballfondler,{DO NOT BUY. Under any circumstance!} this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing no man's sky in disguise. we need refund. i been trying once a month to play and every time i experienced connection problems and game crashes. i really really think ubi♥♥♥♥♥s should give our money back..
76561198085494146,Not Recommended,304390,34787007,Posted: 6 September,all,TheDrewster45,FIX YOU'RE GOD DAMN SERVERS UBISOFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,30172297,Posted: 25 February,all,Bathorse,♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking. Not worth 60 bucks. Buy when 10$.
,Not Recommended,304390,30171673,Posted: 25 February,all,FSB,"Pretty cool gameplay, absolutely nightmare inducing interface, menu, matchmaking and everything outside the actual game."
76561197973236535,Not Recommended,304390,30172197,Posted: 25 February,all,Phoxx 🦊,"TLDR - Don't be fooled walk away and wait a few weeks/monthsGreat game broken by the usual ubisoft ""so close"" but they broke the one fundamental the game was going for - MultiplayerThe game idea itself is amazing when it works its a real sweet spot.The down sides are belowTried to play today and every other game errors out. Some times near the end of a match giving you bugger all for your time.The match making is a joke and very half arsed. I have seen teams of 1 levels going up against long time players and its just a white wash.Yes you can kill a seasoned player as a level 1 but that's not my point its the fact that there first experience in the game (if they go straight into multiplayer) is to get ground into the floor by someone who knows all the tricks in a duel. Not fun for Mr Newbie and not fun for his team mates relying on him.And that's if they manage to play the multiplayer set up is just a mess at the moment with disconnects and error messages all over the place.Given that they are really pushing multiplayer on this its just crazy how broken it is.Id say keep away from this one for now and for the love of god don't buy the DLC/Season pass until they sort it all out.I don't often give reviews for games as usually all has already been said but this is just about the last straw for me and ubisoft they constantly have great ideas and at the last hurdle mess up one or two things that destroy and fun in a otherwise great game.Like I said this game is built entirely around multiplayer (and its fundamentally broken) and just finding and playing a full game that's half way even and doesn't error out or buffer half way though a match is near impossible first time. And don't think its my rig or connection I have a very up to date PC (that runs all recent games with no issues and a 200+ mb connection.p.s. I know people are crying out for dedicated servers and the response is it takes time to set something like that up. Yes that is true but again I want to point out this is a dedicated multiplayer game and you will have constant issues playing a multiplayer game. Maybe someone might of thought about servers before releasing a broken game"
,Not Recommended,304390,30540726,Posted: 16 March,all,DarkAngel0319,was super hyped for the game but game restricts the option to change control settings and the most of the game is pay to win because the pairing system for matches is way off. was very promising during beta when you couldnt pay to win. the only chance players have is to do 1v1's and to be the first to push your enemy off a cliff. thats right learning to play doesnt matter if you cant push your enemy off a cliff or gaurd block properly. literally half a second to respond when you are gaurd blocked to counter. wonderful game at first and very promising but unforgiving and completely unfair to new players with little to no money. good luck to you if you get this game. if your thinking of getting this game dont waste your time and money unless you plan to buy in game currency for better gear.
,Not Recommended,304390,35061870,Posted: 19 September,all,Nihil,"Every game someone gets desync and disconnected. I was hoping that situation might get better and give it some time, but apparently ubisoft doesn't care."
76561198331765061,Not Recommended,304390,30922578,Posted: 3 April,all,Vinne Saltpinne csgoroll.com,DONT BUY!!!! I COMPLETED THE SILGLE PLAYER AND THOUGHT THAT I WAS GONNA HAVE A GOOD TIME AND I CAN'T EVEN CONNECT TO A GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,34389624,Posted: 21 August,all,Shazta,"As someone with 300+ hours, don't buy it, just don't. yw"
76561198277389043,Not Recommended,304390,29933115,Posted: 14 February,all,Daftpunkh3ro,I can even load into the game...:(
76561198182763258,Not Recommended,304390,29971289,Posted: 16 February,all,Phoenix King,can launch game it crashes before i can play it would not recomend
76561198192887679,Not Recommended,304390,29971336,Posted: 16 February,all,DaPang,♥♥♥♥♥♥potato server
76561198202540220,Not Recommended,304390,29933292,Posted: 14 February,all,ihavenolife,"Every time i play i get the error message ""ethernet cable has disconnected. returning to title screen."" It happens so much that i cant even get past the tutorial. And, guess what? I DONT EVEN HAVE AN ETHERNET CABLE!"
,Not Recommended,304390,31441549,Posted: 29 April,all,ghostraj,Best uninstall simulator
76561198157413885,Recommended,304390,31423776,Posted: 28 April,all,Alpha Man,"simply due to my lack of founds, i wasent able to purchace For honor untill like a month after. But when i finally got it, it was worth it! I personally enjoy the campang and all of the in game rewards it provides you with. And currently at the time of this review there are not enough people on for honor to get the most ballanced games, and when i say that i am refering to duels. Though as far as the community is conserned, you will more often than not find a humble person that will stick with you a bit and teach you more about your character. The combat system is by far the most accurate portrail of real life midevil fights, and for that it has by far earned my respect. Further more when you look through the other reviews you will find alot of people saying its a bad game for just the connection issues alone, this sinse recently has become untrue. The majority of Dcs and server issues have been fixed, and what some people fail to realise is that For Honor does not yet have dedicated servers, which will be casing the majority of connection issues."
76561197974316123,Recommended,304390,30048036,Posted: 19 February,all,SuicidalSock,"Well, game wise this is a good game! I love the fighting mechanics, game modes, factions and customisation. The graphics are really good aswell. BUT PLEASE ubiSoft.......... FIX THE SERVERS. i can get onto games etc, but often they drop out, people come and go, takes a while to find a game. These are the only issues and i hope thye fix them soon!!!!"
76561198109209839,Recommended,304390,30048016,Posted: 19 February,all,Jarnney Lemmins,"As one of the people that has not been having the massive amount of online issues (I still have them, but they are manageable) I have to say the core gameplay is fantastic. It is clean, smooth, and (mostly) balanced. For almost every move, there is a way to counteract it with another.But, chances are, you might not have the same experience as meFor such a multiplayer critical game, the p2p NEEDS to be changedAnd if it does, this game will be wonderful"
,Not Recommended,304390,30060492,Posted: 20 February,all,VNM,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, I requested a refund for 99.99$ ! I hope they will refund me !"
,Not Recommended,304390,30857287,Posted: 31 March,all,DC(PROFESSIONALGOAT),Noice servers
76561197995600246,Not Recommended,304390,31382693,Posted: 26 April,all,Laguz,"It was fun at first, but not anymore.The dev dont care about this game, don't expect a rainbow six siege-like comeback, this game is dead, and will stay dead.Avoid like the plague."
76561198274947321,Not Recommended,304390,30248582,Posted: 28 February,all,RK6,"I ignored many of the negative reviews as I wasn't interested in playing online - turns out the single player is also terrible.The game somehow became corrupt and required a bunch of files to be re-downloaded, twice. Then after downloading the missing files, it failed to launch about 654 times.After the moons align and the game springs to life, you're left with a hollow and repetative campaign with mediocre controls and poor optimisation. The game looks OK at max settings but the graphics aren't anything special.Don't waste your cash, this is a typical Ubisoft title."
,Recommended,304390,30013805,Posted: 18 February,all,Robot Ninja,"For Honor is a great game. There is many connection issues in the game, but ubisoft has already adressed them. The only annoying thing I find is that when a multiplayer server is full, it just kicks you out of matchmaking instead of finding another game to join."
,Recommended,304390,30010636,Posted: 18 February,all,Bednja,"Never had a problem with this game with the occasional bug here and there but nothing people can't handle. Over egzaduration is all I see in this review section just because it's an ubi game doesn't mean we need to have duble standards and you damn well know what I'm talking about. This game is unique in its own way and the p2p net code it uses is surprisingly good with the occasional ""recovering gamplay state"" message because someone ragequitted. What im saying is you have to have a good and stable internet connection for this game to work yes but hey you also need that for alot of other games and I'm sure the people commenting down here saying♥♥♥♥♥♥just because thats a must, already upvoted another game with the same requirement.TL;DRThis game is really good. Is it worth 60 euros? Depends on you; I bought the gold edition and was never a fan of ubisoft. If you do buy it be as objective as possible because this game is something else. I found a game to commit to and I hope those who buy it will also do just that. It can only get better from this point."
76561198104005650,Not Recommended,304390,30275642,Posted: 2 March,all,navyseals000,"TL;DRCons:-Connectivity still sucks.-Some characters (peackeeper, valkyrie) are still unbalanced.-You can't play the 4v4 gamemodes without getting crushed if you don't have good gear.-Can be very unfun and unfair, even if you are really good.-Grind fest to prestige 3 (that is where the op gear is at)Pros:-Takes time to master and you feel really good making awesome plays.-Gameplay is great and refreshing.-Graphics are very good.-It has a story mode, it's not that good but atleast it's there.Conclusion:It's a fun game if you don't mind grinding and aren't easily frustrated by loosing.Making awesome plays gives you dark souls levels of satisfaction.But I would not reccomend this game, buy it if you want to.You probably wont regret it if you don't mind the cons I listed, or maybe you will. (Like me)"
76561197994041310,Not Recommended,304390,30275967,Posted: 2 March,all,Arranion,"Great multiplayer focused game with bad P2P servers.+ solid and entertaining gameplay+ visual aestetics and beautiful character movement+ logical behavior based on champions weapon and background- frequent errors - 4 out of 5 times i wont finish Elimination(or other 4v4) match- frequent freezes after round, forcing hard quit via Task manager- matchmaking is non-existent or broken- very long matching times- after waiting for a match i got error 3 times in the row- no dedicated servers- no ranked options- unbalanced team sorting- problems with NAT for many peopleIf they repair the game, i would recommend it 9/10. But it is Ubisoft :("
76561198113323070,Not Recommended,304390,30275690,Posted: 2 March,all,Rio Banchee,"So you bought a beautiful Car or House & you cannot drive it 70% of the time or live in it - would you still purchase it?Graphics are good, game play is ok, storyline I don't know I can't get past Act 1 with out your servers crashing (in Story-mode?)...cannot stay connected to a server, which is either under developed or poorly managed.Refund please, oh wait silly me, refund for a inflatted and over hyped product. Marketing 1 - Consumer 0When two parties can walk away with more than what they original had = Deal. When only one walks way with more than what they originally had= Bad Business.Unisoft, Bad business. Remembering this for your future games.Requesting a Refund in full, due to the lack of what you said your product will do, is not!"
,Recommended,304390,30010120,Posted: 18 February,all,tabasco,Recovering gameplay state. Synchronizing.....(best feature of the game btw)Edit:I feel bad for new players due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking. Either they git gud or get a refund
76561198019630494,Not Recommended,304390,31814894,Posted: 17 May,all,Thursis,Dont buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056176953,Not Recommended,304390,29980729,Posted: 17 February,all,AJ-the-savage,"What a huge let down. The beta was fun but nothing about the full version made me feel like it was worth $100.00 for the gold edition (which i bought) let alone $60.00 for the original version so, long story short i got a refund. Because the multiplayer is repetitive. Gets old extremely fast. They created bare minimum combos for all the characters which was very sad and boring. There was barely 5 combos for every character. Ranking system was boring and truly felt like it was pointless considering you can buy everything with real money/currency if you wanted to for the multiplayer game mode. Random disconnects all the time. Armor stats and customization felt like it didnt matter when playing online against other players.... hmmmmmm nice try but it aint gunna work for me.4/10 rating for me.Had high expectations for this game but just like everything else in my life nothing ever goes the way i want it to."
76561198066316875,Not Recommended,304390,29977851,Posted: 16 February,all,Skree Poxcaster,"For Honor is a fighting game, a poorly designed one.It sufferes from the same problems as all others and that, if you dont play fighters, if ur not good at them, forget about multiplayer.Either your rly good at this game, or rly bad and get steamrolled everymatch.But then you add in the guard break system, which is currently broken, and the fact certain characters have unblockable attacks while other dont. And then the hacks that allow players to make all their attacks unblockable, and you have another half made, timesink ubisoft game.Do you really want to spend 200 hours of your time trying to get good at something with no value? no prestige? no money involved?If you hate the constant COD multiplayer steamrolling, you will hate this game too. This is the last time I buy a ubisoft game."
,Recommended,304390,30028423,Posted: 19 February,all,Tyallure,"Have been playing this game for a few days and already have over 30 hours logged and love every moment of it. so far i have played mostly one character and feel like the skill celing is still higher than i realize. and the time it takes to master one character is pretty high. there are so many characters that i can see this game having a ton of replayability. the 1v1 community has been extremely helpful and constructive, but the 4v4 eliminations have been nothing but toxic. overall amazing buy and i would recomend it to anyone who loves skill based games."
76561197994499158,Recommended,304390,30017736,Posted: 18 February,all,Bonesmasher,"really fun, really competitive, great coop"
76561197970519583,Recommended,304390,30100008,Posted: 22 February,all,Mad.Marco,"I enjoy this game very much. I know its not for everyone since it does have a learning curve.People seem to be complaining about the matchmaking and connection issues, but I don't really have that issue. Sometimes the game will drop, but it is pretty good at syncing back up.I love the game for the multiplay. I have had some epic battles with people and I am excited to see what the future holds for this game.Best Ubisoft title in a long time."
76561198116433089,Not Recommended,304390,30290606,Posted: 2 March,all,Jack You're Late,"What everyone else is saying about balancing and ""servers"" with this game is true. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30099221,Posted: 22 February,all,Bongkok,Well the game it greatThe combat it awesomebut.....Always get DISCONECT when play multiplayerWTH UBISOFTFIX IT PLS
,Recommended,304390,29979352,Posted: 17 February,all,FireFury,"I haven't paid full price for a game in years and expected to regret my decision....i didnt.Lets address the issues :Connection Issues - Never had them. Get a better ISP.Environment spam - Its a hazard for a reason. Adapt and overcome you lazy losers. MOVE!Story mode sucks - Come on you knew this was mostly for the multiplayer.Offline mode - Ok I'll give you that one but see above ^Revenge mode - Well when its 4vs1 how else do you expect to have a chance?Bad console port - What? How? If you dont like mouse and keyboard buy a controller. I did. Stop crying.Unbalanced classes - You have to find one that fits your style and then get good at it! Learn your strengths and weakneses. I am flailing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of samurai with my conquerer and im slow and their suppose to be overpowered!Microtransactions - You dont have to buy anything. You can earn♥♥♥♥♥♥to buy the stuff but you dont need it. Amazing gear does not make up for lack of skill...I whooped many asses with my lvl 1♥♥♥♥♥♥lol.Everything else:It looks pretty. It plays fluid. Makes you feel like a BAMF. The music is nice. The menu system is kinda meh, but once you are used to it its alright.Listen if you have connection problems ok that sucks fine but the game itself is badass. It takes skill and if you are buying this with the plans of only playing it an hour a week then you will not enjoy it because you wont learn the strengths and weakneses of the characters. This is the best online-sword-combat-fighting game I have every played. No regrets. Just like Dark Souls GET GUD OR GET WREKEDCOME TASTE MY FLAIL !"
,Recommended,304390,30933336,Posted: 3 April,all,GraveWalker,"After playing more than 200 hours, I can only say that is for honor is just amazing. The combat in this game is just incrediable and unique. Yes, the game had some issues on launch, but it is still imporving with the weekly updates."
76561198038652525,Not Recommended,304390,34161337,Posted: 10 August,all,Ass Goblin,"Ehh, don't get it. Isn't worth it anymore...Pros: They're are noneCons: Just lost 60$ and 100 hours you want back."
,Not Recommended,304390,30011541,Posted: 18 February,all,Ibrahimi Von Ludendorf,"The servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥and it is nearly impossible to finish any longer campaign missions without getting booted- because for what ever reason you need to be connected to uplay the entire time the game is launched or you can't do anything.The UI is one of the most massive heaps of garbage I have every seen in my entire life. Even simple things like being able to customize your hero during the 10 minute load times isn't included. That combined with the again terrible and aweful uplay overlay, playing with friends or honestly doing anything in this game is a massive pain.On top of all of this, the gameplay is in desperate need of rebalance. There are too many environmental dangers that you van be thrown into and insta-killed and the multiplayer is dominated by around 3-4 heroes.The gameplay itself is kinda fun, but as usual ubisoft released a half finished game that barely works. After a significant amount of polish I might recomend it. I'm just disappointed because I had really high hopes for this game and of course it did not reach even the most reasonable expectations.TL;DR- The game in half finished and and plagued by crap servers, a required uplay overlay, and missing features."
,Recommended,304390,30043309,Posted: 19 February,all,Brad,"Seeing reviews and discussions about this game i only felt it was right to say my opinion... Yes, there is p2p and yes there are connection issues (i have experienced very few in my time played) but other than when this happens rarely, you can not talk bad about this game as far as gameplay actually goes. The multiplayer is fun and challenging, the challenge of learning different heroes is fun and enjoyable for hours at a time and even the story is amazing. I can imagine that someone who hasnt got the game would read through these undeserved reviews and comments and decide to not purchase it but coming from me and thousands of other players, this game is a bunch of fun! I feel like just because it was Ubisoft that created the game, people instantly doubt it and put it in a bad light. I'd say buy it. You'll get hours of fun out of it (even if you get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you buy someone who has 5 days played ;) ) but fun nonetheless. Enjoy :)"
76561198061389039,Recommended,304390,30043536,Posted: 19 February,all,Khazubragh,great game but they REALLY need to fix the connection issues
,Not Recommended,304390,30673267,Posted: 22 March,all,6 foot 10 300 lbs dominator,Waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money
,Not Recommended,304390,30067925,Posted: 20 February,all,KingJishThe1st,"Love this game, but have one problem with it, now you may be thinking... only one problem why are you not recomending this game? well this one is really bad and im not sure if it just happens to me or not, the problem with the game (and im hoping this gets fixed soon) is that it always kicks me out of the middle of a game in multiplayer, it says ""You have been kicked due to inactivity"" even when I am in the middle of a fight, I am not being inactive when it kicks me out, I love this game but this problem needs to be fixed! Please tell me if you have ever had a problem like this in the game."
76561198107681153,Not Recommended,304390,30420618,Posted: 9 March,all,50ShadesOfGandolfTheGrey,after first mission everything is the same hack and slash its eh.
,Recommended,304390,29966349,Posted: 16 February,all,Blue Eyes White Guilt,"17+ Hours in, my feelings on this game are pretty well summed up as mixed. I'll try and make it brief by breaking it up here.Story Mode: Gameplay feels great, good way to introduce classes so they can be utilized in multiplayer (the real meat of the game), and does enough world building to give me some sense of purpose. Otherwise the story is convoluted, collectibles give length to the missions that they otherwise don't have, and the overall story telling is just.... so heavy handed and hammy in my personal opinion. The gameplay carries it through here.Multiplayer: When it works properly? Probably the best melee combat I've ever played. Combat systems are well flushed out, mostly balanced, and diverse. 1v1, 2v2, have little to no problem. 4v4 battles however, we start to get into the REAL issues of this game that have been harped on a lot here. Peer to peer connection for a twitch multiplayer game in 2017 is flat outright unacceptable. I have some hopes that once the game shows long term profitablility (see example with R6:Siege) they'll shift to a dedicated server connection model. Moving off of that - I have some issues with the pay-to-play features. I don't think I've seen more pay walls in a non-mobile game. Ever. Ubisoft wants your money. Want to skip all the combat associated character progression? Don't play for 10 hours to get level 19 with a character, just pay us $5. Want the best equipment? Don't get loot from matches after those 10-50 hours, just pay us $5 and MAYBE you'll get your equipment over the 10 pack rolls.Overall: Listen. The short and the thick of it is, if you've been starving for a close combat multiplayer game that took what was fun about the Dark Souls Multiplayer and improved it enough for it to be an Esport - this is the game for you. You'll overlook it's faults for the enjoyment of the gameplay. If not? Maybe this title is a miss/rent."
,Not Recommended,304390,30992350,Posted: 6 April,all,ZONA,"game dynamics change with every updatecharacter stats change with every updategame is very laggy and full of errorskeyborad and mouse responses are changed with everyupdateThis game however stands out for any other game I EVER played. The game delivers the most frustrating gaming experience.In short, game sucks."
,Not Recommended,304390,30761961,Posted: 26 March,all,Grebnedlog,"Wouldn't even load, got my money back."
,Not Recommended,304390,30366238,Posted: 6 March,all,Sweeler,actually garbage ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection and awful character design argue with me if you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30049698,Posted: 19 February,all,Shark,"TL;DR At the bottom of the review.In it's current state, I CANNOT reccommend this game in the least. The Peer to Peer system ruins any kind of balanced matchup, and it also compromises security. You can easily find an IP address through running the executable file through a program online.The game is also a house of bugs, network errors, awful community members, and worst off unbalance. The game is aimed at those who enjoyed the combat system of Mount and Blade, and it did a good job emulating it. It's a shame that Ubisoft had to ruin everything that made it great.The balance of the characters is a MAJOR ISSUE. Lets take Orochi for example. Orochi is an amazing duelist who excels in a 1v1 scenario (It's a shocker that all Orochi mains are the first to complain about someone breaking the honor code right?). He has NO EQUAL when it comes to the abilities and manuvers he can do in a duel. That being said, he's god awful at dominion, or any scenario that involves more than one person attacking him at once. I'm not hating on Orochi specifically, because it's a problem that plagues the game and all of it's heroes. A hero may be overpowered in one game type, but totally useless in another. It creates a very firm meta which will be difficult to change because of the characters overall design. Simple number tweaks won't fix it, and neither will Ubisoft.The next major issue is actually getting into games. For some reason, the client will attempt to join games that are already full or don't have a stable connection. This will lead to freezes, crashes, and for some reason an inability to host a party. It's an issue that has plagued the game since closed beta (When I first started), and Ubisoft isn't showing any signs of improving the network portion as of yet.I won't spend too much time on this, because quite frankly most Ubisoft games have an elitist unwelcoming community. Couple that with the community from Dark Souls that is coming into the game, and you have some of the most arrogant unhelpful people on the planet all rolled into one space. If you want help with a character, you're better off playing a single player game against bots to learn your combos instead of looking online. It's unfortunate to see a resurgence of less helpful community members, and the phrase ""git gud"" used unironically.The game has only just released, and I acknowledge that. However, that does not give the game a free pass. I spent 60 dollars on this game, and I would at least expect it to be near the beta quality, if not a little bit better. Somehow Ubisoft has broken the game more now than it has ever been. I played smoothly through closed beta and open beta, with the only issues having been small connectivety spikes here and there. I never had as many issues back then as i'm having today. Let me emphasize this.THE GAME IS MORE BROKEN NOW, THAN IT WAS IN CLOSED, AND OPEN BETA!I had high hopes for this game, and I wanted nothing more than to be able to enjoy it. I followed it since last year with a keen eye, chomping at the bits to get a chance to play it. I was amazed with the two beta tests I partook in, but now im just dissapointed that I let myself get fooled AGAIN by Ubisoft into thinking that they would have a functional release.TL;DR | Wait until next year to buy this game. Ubisoft usually takes about that long to get their stuff together. It's not worth it right now, not even at a discount. |"
,Not Recommended,304390,31476780,Posted: 30 April,all,LeGND,"This game gets terribly boring, very quickly, played less than two hours. Unfortunately for me I just barely learned about steams refund policy and can't return it because I bought it too long ago."
76561198058337194,Not Recommended,304390,32629648,Posted: 21 June,all,BS_Crane,"I've played for a solid ♥♥♥♥ing timeI'm a rep 12 lawbringer, rep 2 Berserker, rep 1 raider, and i've played almost all the characters past level 10.but that doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing matter, because Ubitard is, well. Doing their usual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The game is dead as ♥♥♥♥ing hell, the same 10 people are the only people I play with every day, only rarely do I see new people in dominion or elimination. The servers are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible, Peer to peer is decent for a big fighting game like this but it's horrible how just one person quitting can ♥♥♥♥ it all up and ruin the game because he was the dependant. This game has so many goddamn flaws that it hurts to play half the time, the biggest shame of this game is the fact that nothing like it will come out because Ubisoft made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing first look at a game that could've been righteous.Honestly, I could make a better game with a horses testicle and a bottle of baby formula, ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30890471,Posted: 1 April,all,Cilerato,i guess we'll just get permanent championship status cause the servers are never up
,Recommended,304390,29928979,Posted: 14 February,all,RackifyTV,"This game is great.I can admit that the matchmaking is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥but it isent really that much more negative stuff to it. Okey it has microtransactions but that dosent do much tbh. To beat the game you need skill, without skill and knowledge u cant really compete. If you have overpowerd gear, so what? It dosent even count in some game modes.Okay ive played 10h so far, but i will be playing a lot more. Ubisoft have promised a lot in the future for the game and it seems promising."
,Not Recommended,304390,30713253,Posted: 24 March,all,Gamma360,Awesome game but..............................It says the server has high activity-LIEStakes 6 minutes to find a match and the match  finder has to expand to all skill levelsalsoUbi knows the game is dying so what do they do?They change all the Orders(in game missions) to dominion orders to group the remaining players..........Ubi fix ur dam game!
,Not Recommended,304390,30212399,Posted: 26 February,all,Raptros,"If anyone cares to read, here's what I thought.For Honor... is a mixed bag for worse....The gameplay and design of the game is fresh and exciting, no doubt. It feels as if fighting games have finally reached the third demension comfortably and innovatively without any kind of gimmick. It's addictive and always has you wanting ""that next good match"". Soime of the duels you'll have will be tense and exciting.The aesthetics and animations are very pleasing to look at. Even running around feels good, watching your character move in and out of ducks and jukes with natural ease. It's pleasing.Aside from all of the obvious positives, there are quite a few negatives...As I'm sure you all know, the Peer-to-Peer connections... It speaks for itself.If you're not familiar with PtP connectivity however, it's simply direct connections between players PCs instead of a server. As I'm sure you can imagine, this causes a hoard of issues, ranging from twitchy, teleport-y fights, match drops, host advantages (despite Ubi swearing there isn't) and even lagswitches and DDOSers.For a game that requires split second timing and reactions, unreliable PtP is extremely counterintuitive.If you're a fan of balanced games, this isn't the game for you.Outside of duels, your gear for your character can effect different stats, such as attack, defense, stamina usage and so on. If you play anything 4v4, you can put your gear to use, changing the playstyle of your character. Grinding to good gear is lengthy and can take some time, especially if you avoid the microtransactions in a... ahem... full priced game.However, the only REAL gear to go for is the gear that affects your revenge stat. You can essentially gear your character to be hit nigh but a few times, block a few attacks to where you can activate revenge and boost yourself to be able to kill players in 2 to 3 hits. Everyone does it and it's not very fun.Variety is the spice of life, you know.Speaking of which, variety is NOT something you'll find in the duel modes. If you don't enjoy the high leveled gear idea, then most people would think to go to the duels and brawls. 1v1s and 2v2s that do not use gear. Sadly, these a ridden with their own plague, that of light classes.Now, some say light classes aren't all that bad, but I must beg to differ. Light classes are the easiest to pick up and understand, the fastest and in some cases the hardest hitting, aside from maybe one or two other classes. Their dodges have invincibility frames on them, which can in some cases, allow them to dodge mid-combo and hit you, despite you just wailing on them.Despite that, even if I'm wrong about light classes being slighty, SLIGHTLY better than the rest, it's almost all you'll ever see in duels.I decided to entertain myself one night and did 50 duels, back to back, a new opponent every time.I am not f*cking kidding you, eight, EIGHT of those 50 had someone playing something other than a light class, and SIX of those eight times, it was Nobushi.So, essentially, 2 out of 50 times I fought against someone who was considered a ""medium"" class.Lastly, the bugs, the most prominently being the guardbreak bug. If someone is to attempt a guardbreak on you, and you input ANY input into the game before the proper timing, which is much tighter than beta mind you, it'll cancel your ability to tech.Yes, the game thinks you tried to tech too early by hitting your eft thumbstick or what have you, and it denies you the tech.This can lead to some pretty frustrating strings of guardbreaks, where your enemy can string free hits on you.No word on the fix as far  as I know, or if it will be addressed.---So, essentially you have a game with a fresh concept and addictive gameplay, ridden with horrendous, actually horrendous, peer-to-peer connection issues in-game and even in-menu, gameplay dulling bugs and terrible lack of variety in character choice either from them being too strong or too easy to play.It's like trying to play streetfighter 3rd strike online with p2p connections, but everyone just chooses Gill and exploits a free hit bug.It's not fun anymore.I've honest to god gotten tired of it, and I'm not one to put down a game often. I beat Ninja Gaiden 1 and 2 on master ninja for god-sakes.It's just... too frustrating. You try and try to do your best, but most, if not all of the time, you'll have the game telling you otherwise. I've been beaten without being able to guard any attacks, I've watched executed enemies rollback and gain half of their health back after being dead, while running around with NO HEAD. I've slaughtered people with poor connections, watching them guard and parry me yet still taking full damage.Hell, I've even seen people get pushed off cliffs, only for them to float back up onto the cliff to toss the guy who threw him off back down.It's... it's a warzone, by every sense of the word. Mad, chaotic, and full of bad blood.I would NOT reccomend this game in it's current state. It's just too damn flawed to have a consistant good time. For me, 1/5 matches have me feeling good, if that even. It just gets worse the more upset you get.I doubt they'll ever change it from P2P to dedicated servers. It'd cost them more money than they're willing to spend in it's long term 5 or so year plan.I doubt they'll ever balance the gear score, because as of now they have no alternative and I personally think they're afraid that if they do, they'll lose a lot of the ""casual"" audience.I doubt they'll ever balance the classes properly either. Again, afraid to lose the ""causal"" audience and afraid to be hung, drawn, and quartered for not listening to the crying masses. Bad classes like lawbringer are being ignored, yet decent classes like Raider, Valkirie and PEACEKEEPER of all classes are getting BUFFED.Explain THAT one to me.---------------------------TL;DRGame is terribly flawed and isn't worth the frustration as of now. Expect it to remain this way for as long as it lives, because it's already losing players.GG-Raptros"
76561198136827030,Recommended,304390,32234741,Posted: 7 June,all,Gruffalo,"Excellent game with an absolutey incredible and unique combat system.A game of skill.The reason for poor connection and bad reviews is suckers who ragequit, meanng the game has to recallibrate and said ragequitters then give the game a negative review, reason: they suck."
,Recommended,304390,32234968,Posted: 7 June,all,VeryBiased,"I wish I could put a ""Mixed"" recommendation. The game doesn't deserve the amount of hate it's gotten, but it still has a lot of negatives. When it comes to this game, I don't think ANY review can help you here, you either love it or hate it."
76561197966486290,Not Recommended,304390,30735572,Posted: 25 March,all,RussianBear5k,"This game would be fun if matchmaker didn't consistently place you against players with 4-10x the number of hours played you have, and stack them all on one team against a team on players under level 20.Maybe it's the result of a dead community due to poor marketing?Maybe it's that all the entry level players just play bot matches 24/7 so the community is in a complete divide and my choice is fight bots or fight no-lives?I don't know, I'd rather wait longer to be in a fair match though."
,Recommended,304390,30414619,Posted: 9 March,all,CyberWolfSA,"Absolutely love this game, great graphics, Amazing battles. There is only a few problems that needs to be fixed.First: The Network Issues, I don't get allot of matches, but sometimes when I get one, I disconnect, or even get errors before getting a match. I sit and wait more for match than playing.Second: Matchmaking. When I play a game such a LoL, I get to play against People that is the same skill level. In For Honor(Which some have none), we have gear level and Prestige, I am on kensei prestige 0 gear 16. Then when I join a Match, I play against Prestige 4 Gear 58 -108, which is highly unfair. Of course I am going to loose against someone who played this game longer than me."
,Recommended,304390,30029317,Posted: 19 February,all,timelordjwills,I have roughly 40 hours in this game counting the beta the concept it great and the graphics are on point the learning curve is a bit tough but after a few hours  you should have the hang of it decent game but ive already grown bored with it and its the first week this could just be me tho I havent given up on this game yet just in all honesty cant see myself putting but maybe 10 or so more hours on it but then prob never play it again ...
,Recommended,304390,30029376,Posted: 19 February,all,Powerful Dad,Lets you defend your swamp as Shrek 10/10
,Not Recommended,304390,31916495,Posted: 23 May,all,I got you in my sight,游戏不错 服务器土豆新出的角色15000才能解开  你怎么不去抢就因为他是新出的你就15000？这就是你给机票的好处？我虽然没买机票 但是我感觉巨他妈值还好老子没买机票哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
,Not Recommended,304390,32390916,Posted: 13 June,all,SnakeShifter,"They say it's better to regret something you have done, than to regret something you have not done. Well, they lied, because I really regret buying and not refunding this travesty.I been bamboozled."
76561198227573132,Not Recommended,304390,33627748,Posted: 18 July,all,NEAD,This game has way to many problems and it just shows that Ubisoft Rushes there Games without finishing them this is not worth your money trust me.It feels like an Earlyaccses game but for the full 60$ of a trippleE game and without any warning
76561198074931619,Not Recommended,304390,32362229,Posted: 12 June,all,BERZRK,"After 433 hours of gametime, 85% was either crashed games or searching for a game, 15% was acctually playing a game that resulted in being completed and receiving xp and steel (steel being the ingame currency). until they learn we need servers not peer to peer i wouldn't ever recommend buying this game. My favourite is when you are hunting down the last person to win and the game crashes from either someone quitting causing all to crash or it just says critical error contact ubisoft (error 600000018) and the other thousands of crash errors you get. if you want to do the story mode solo then go for it but i found it really boring. other than that the combat and characters is really fun but the peer to peer killed the game. The funniest to me was at the beginning of season 2 when ubisoft said the connection issues were very much fixed, which was just a ploy because many more players were on to try it and of course with more players its easier to find a game. (didn't fix the crashing though). good one ubisoft ya nuggets."
,Not Recommended,304390,30086999,Posted: 21 February,all,C4 BASED GOD,Only annoying part is Ubisofts dogshit app.1/10 would not Uplay again.
76561198078556486,Not Recommended,304390,30371513,Posted: 7 March,all,Diavolo,p2p sucks♥♥♥♥♥will give it a recommended rating if dedicated servers are a thing.
76561198125877423,Not Recommended,304390,31228514,Posted: 18 April,all,RagingWhales,"Long ago in a distant land, this game was playable. However one day, Ubisoft realized that they no longer felt like putting an effort in, and all the people who wanted to enjoy the game fled in terror. All that remain now are souls so lost in hatred they do not realize they can escape, and instead, spam the unblockables."
76561198024343600,Not Recommended,304390,30129805,Posted: 23 February,all,CaninLove,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BEFORE READBad connection ofUbisoftserver service..Half of played games with bots. servers connnection issue is big..i wanna refound but not accepted,too many bugs (they say fixing.. only new skins..)..All assasin class are op conqurer(flail guy with shield) and lawbringer(helberduser) same boring vortex with ♥♥♥♥♥ gaming..Servers always down for some resons try to catch connecting...low maps...btw no honorDomimion mode hold zone mode always 2v1 or 3v1 or 3v4Deadtmach every one try to drop smonefrom clif..duel 1v1, bralw 2v2 if u have bad connection or pc dont chance..Single player ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t another lvl of bulls1ht i played it hard to chapter 3 part 3 realy wasting..Short version of single playerknights♥♥♥♥♥♥vikings vikings♥♥♥♥♥♥samurays guss samurays rapes who? :O very creative..think twice before buy...a link about for honor youtube.. watch it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy4GySdgcaohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxKEpbQU6-8"
76561198085394626,Not Recommended,304390,34162126,Posted: 10 August,all,ehhe...wha?,I would not recommend this game to anyone. Almost everything about this game is horrible and the cancerous community makes me want to throw up. If you bought this game recently I highly recomend that you ask for a refund.
76561198061398771,Recommended,304390,30498619,Posted: 13 March,all,Bale,"Pretty Okay, Not worth 60$ at the current sate, but it is fun."
76561198061192400,Not Recommended,304390,31427520,Posted: 28 April,all,Alex*Red,"Ok let me say two things i know i only played 20 hours or more but i had a good 32 hours on beta and i bought the game 2 days after it got released, so dont say im a terriable person.I hate it now becuase it's so repetive it has no consept but war soI dont want to take up all your time so thats all i have to say(also bugs and bugs made it unplayable no ranking for skill matchmkaing is to hard so i have no idea how to even decide if im good or just trash)"
76561198016750038,Not Recommended,304390,30050197,Posted: 19 February,all,Arty,"Story mode was fun. Everything else is sub par. The menu is confusing and impractical, the multilayer mode is also hard to navigate. When it comes to multilayer games it takes average 10 minutes to find a game in which more than half I have dropped out of half way through for little more reason than it saying I was idle (I wasnt)"
76561197998781120,Recommended,304390,29948220,Posted: 15 February,all,Inappropriate Name,"Don't believe the salty reviews. Sure the peer to peer sucks, but when you get into an intense 1v1 it turns into a whole new game. It is very much a fighting game, trying to psych your opponents out is a very useful strategy. As for the pay2win is concerned I do believe its a problem and ubisoft really needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. For those that don't know the stats on gear are only affected in 4v4 game modes not in 1v1 and 2v2."
,Not Recommended,304390,29955884,Posted: 15 February,all,Redd,"I love this game, it's an awesome game and despite the dropped matches and the messed up game crashes I've had. It's been a really fun time. But god do I hate the community. It's complete garbage and in just about every single match I've played. It's just been an aweful time.There is no saying whether it'll get better or not. Whether I'll continue playing it, or whether it'll get any better. Just know going in that people on this game are ♥♥♥♥ing absolute scum of the earth. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,304390,30189705,Posted: 26 February,all,ุ,"Awesome game, but unplayable in multiplayer. It is a shame really. So versatile, fast-paced and visually stunning, yet peer-to-peer mechanics ruin it. Eight out of ten matches end up midfight with system message ""connection is lost"" or ""match lobby is full"" and so on.... Unacceptable for a 60€ game. I played story mode first at realistic difficulty which took me some time to complete(you really need to learn to read opponents on their movement because there is no tri-arrow UI) and after that I had over 15 hours played time. Then I started playing multiplayer and got instant regret because I now feel robbed. Thanks to 2h max steam policy I can't get a refund.....This much money for 18 missions vs AI and unplayable multiplayer is criminal...."
,Not Recommended,304390,30203094,Posted: 26 February,all,RaoulRatz,"Worst game of 2017 . Dont buy it !!! It crashes every 10 minutes ! Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t title by the worst developer , Ubisoft ! Ubi does't compare to EA ... EA is batter . Pls try to make better titles , not♥♥♥♥♥♥ones just for some moneyBad thing ;It crashes every 5 minutesIf you dont have a PC from NASA , you will be forced to play on low resolutionBad ServersIf a guy spams the attack button , you are stuck and you can't counter attackBad CommunityBad AntiCheat ( It will crash your game even if you don't have hax )I don't know why they charge you 60 euros for this♥♥♥♥♥♥... This should be 30 euros for the story , because the multiplayer is shetGood thingGood story.....That is all"
,Not Recommended,304390,30073165,Posted: 20 February,all,ASDRussianBear,I would not recommend this game even though it can be very fun at times.The multiplayer really needs to be reamped with dedicated servers(its a AAA pice game! what the hell am I paying for??)There is pay to win aspects with the ability to buy metal with real world moneypurchasable charactersdlc with premium...Seems like im paying alot of money for not alot of game on there side.I'm refunding it because it really dosent seem to be worth my money
76561198008975925,Recommended,304390,29956737,Posted: 15 February,all,Tholus X,"I shall repeat what most people said already:PROS- best ""malee"" combat system ever created: you feel the sword and the bash. just incredible!- fantastic graphic- great custamization and personalization progressionCONS- terrible connection problems (even with my very good connectivity). And here we are again Ubisoft!Overall I will give a thumb up, with some reserves.Shall Ubisoft fix the connection problems this would become an overwhelmigly good review because of an unique and incredibly fun combat system....and this is said by a strategy/RPG fan with not a great affinity with the combat/action genre that bough the game ""by mistake"" looking forward to a more ""combat oriented RPG"" than what actually this product is!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30080916,Posted: 21 February,all,Josh,"MULTIPLAYER DOESN'T WORKI'll keep this short and sweet; the game is okay, it plays well, it can be fun.Multiplayer does not work. The peer to peer connectivity is a joke, I paid £40 for this game just to be ripped off and told by Steam that I can't have my money back because apparently 2 hours of playtime is the maximum amount of time you need to make a full assessment.♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft for stealing my money, and ♥♥♥♥ you Steam for weaseling your way out of giving my hard earned money back to me"
76561197972612148,Not Recommended,304390,30081322,Posted: 21 February,all,Speeded,"Negative review for-p2p connection works nothing like the beta, This is such a lie!-What it is is rely on other people's internet connection to get a match going which does not work half of the time.-Non-Multiplatform, you get it on PC you ONLY play with PC players. The ONLY multiplatform for this is the faction war which is.... press a button on a map. THATS IT."
,Not Recommended,304390,30095095,Posted: 22 February,all,JakeBoy,Rip Ubisoft server. not ♥♥♥♥in recommend this game
76561198281036579,Not Recommended,304390,30491724,Posted: 13 March,all,Stana11,"So I have a beast PC ;16 Ram, GTX 1080, 4,1 GHz ,... and it keeps kicking me for having lower than 30 fps but when i look at my Fps its 80-90 and the ♥♥♥♥ing peer2peer connection is♥♥♥♥♥♥sorry ubisoft but learn to manage your ♥♥♥♥ing game ffs!!1!"
76561198075010744,Recommended,304390,31672230,Posted: 10 May,all,|TRG| Rob,FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING SERVERS
,Recommended,304390,29934961,Posted: 14 February,all,A7L3S,"Everyone in the review who are not recommending the game are screaming about how the game is... WOW 60 DOLLARS FOR A AAA UBISOFT GAME? FAICKIGN OVURR PRICCCEEEEDDDD. They only care about the games cost not actual gamepla, which is amazing. The combat system, easy to learn, impossible to actually master; thats why this game does have infinite replayabiltity. To constantly get better is the aim of the game or any ♥♥♥♥ing game and thats what you should do not care about the goddamn price. This review is probabaly really bad but just give the game a try, you can always refund it.EDIT: all the negative's are now people with♥♥♥♥♥♥connection saying they can't connect. Ubi-soft may have the worst servers to exist but its your fault you can't see past your bad ♥♥♥♥ing connection ar this game which is actually good. WAKE THE ♥♥♥♥ UP ; STOP WHINING CUZ YOUR MOM'S INTERNET CAN'T HANDLE THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,304390,29928577,Posted: 14 February,all,Inferno ಠ_ಠ,"No mulitplayer match servers, it's some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ P2P system,Matchmaking doesn't existP2W£70 for the full gameUnbalanced charactersAbusable server systemNo thanks ubi, it's a good job I didn't pay for this.Edit: Game is dead as ♥♥♥♥, only people who play it are tryhards who P2W, stay away."
,Recommended,304390,30000179,Posted: 17 February,all,soulicro,"I have no problems with my connection so far, my NAT status is green for whatever that's worth. The gameplay is an absolute blast, turn off your HUD and if you're playing against AI, do so on the hardest difficulty level. The store seems redundant to me, I haven't even felt the need to check it out yet. Customisation is great, probably 'cause that's how they plan on making their money.I don't mind Ubisoft's current DLC model. DLC is a given these days - we've even seen Early Access titles release DLC. And companies are greedy, 'cause that's usually their sole purpose - the turn a profit. I much prefer this formula rather than one where the paid content segregates the community. Here the important stuff is included, and the gameplay is really on point. Recommended."
,Not Recommended,304390,32054491,Posted: 29 May,all,♋Karkat Vantas♋,"The devs dont care and never will care about balance, they would sooner release new character with all the the problems as all the old characters. They still havent fixed vortex characters like warden... and they never ♥♥♥♥ing will. Dont waste your ♥♥♥♥ing money, buying a $60 porn hub subscription would be a 10x better use of your valuble money."
76561198326167194,Not Recommended,304390,29954971,Posted: 15 February,all,The-Black_Beard,Can not even play a single game without it freezing and i have to hard shutdown the game and restart until this is fixed i would not recommend playing. I did not have this issue with the open beta when i spend 60$ on a game i do not expect to have this issue
76561198113064913,Not Recommended,304390,29980226,Posted: 17 February,all,Brennnessel,"This game is nicely done, but corrupted by the greed for profit by Ubisoft. It feel's like they made a last awesome game, as the pressure came up, after so many fails. Wich sadly mirrors in the details you have to know, before buying it.Find the recommending comments of others if you want the pros, here u find the biggest CONTRA1. Expensive Game wich is not worth what it is bought for atm.2. Micro transactions: Either Grind ages, or buy Currency, Exp Bonus and increased Loot droprate (you really have to, if you want to make progress in a appropiate speed).3. People will push you off the arena whenever they can, that requires 0 skill and is just annoying when you look for a fight, not a push fest. If you look for decent duells, wait till Ubisoft (hopefully) implements more arenas or a mode without it.4. The gameplay itsself is entertaining, for a while. It gets boring fast, if i could, i would refund the game."
76561198116181043,Not Recommended,304390,31687277,Posted: 11 May,all,Cody Cigar,It's a good game when it lets you complete a match. Good luck with that though.
,Not Recommended,304390,29944916,Posted: 15 February,all,Sex Giver,"The gameplay is great, I love the combat system and all the different heroes have a unique and fun playstyle. However, I cannot stand this game as I repeatedly get kicked midgame. ""You have been kicked for low FPS"" when I had like 120. ""You have been kicked for inactivity"" when I was in the middle of a fight. And even ""You have been kicked because of an error"" like not even a reason just because there was a error. In all honesty I want a refund as I didnt expect to be spending £40 on a error message."
,Not Recommended,304390,34378921,Posted: 20 August,all,Bronze,"Do not buy, MP system is still broken af."
,Not Recommended,304390,30087614,Posted: 21 February,all,iScott,Everyone is literally an asshat to each other.
76561198034865148,Not Recommended,304390,33619370,Posted: 17 July,all,ryanromps,The gameplay is really fun and engaging. Unfortunately it's maintained by a garbage team of developers. Constant connectivity issues. If you quit out of a matchmaking game because of a poor connection (80% of games have a terrible connection) then you risk getting a 10 minute penalty and will be unable to play). The game is therefore a steaming pile of unenjoyable poop. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time or money.
,Not Recommended,304390,31913040,Posted: 22 May,all,Wumbologist,Took the L on this one
,Not Recommended,304390,33831797,Posted: 27 July,all,SInRoArch,"If only this game was sold to Blizzard to make it ♥♥♥♥ing not p2p and recieve a support it DESERVES.Seriously,GTX1080Graphics are amazing.Seriously, i would not name more beautiful game than this.(this lighting oh my god that is insanely beautiful)Music is amazing. (Vikings theme is giving me chills)Concept, campaign, although it's not so long, it seriously made me think of many existential things.PVP - Yes, there are some problems with balance, some chars are objectively stronger ( by stronger i mean bigger amount of instruments to make enemy into position you want or play style you want)Turtling is ok, and by ok i mean THAT IS INTENSE, the mind games, it's making game HARDER.I, PERSONALLY, NEVER HAD ISSUES WITH CONNECTIVITY ,BUT MY ENEMIES WOULD DROP RATHER OFTEN.Emote spam, memes, this game is INSANE in terms of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off (100+ enemies left during duels after some Parry, GuardBreak, etc). And i think that's hilarious, but in most cases you have no one else to blame than YOURSELF for missing that ♥♥♥♥ing light spam of PeaceKeeper  or that feint of the Raider.In general : An amazing game which i would recommend to everyone if you are ready to 30% winrate in the beginning due to INCREDIBLY unbalanced matchmaking, but later on it brings pleasure of no bounds when you learn the game and start to understand things.So why i'm not recommending this game?It's overpriced for the quality of the gameplay it brings and amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is still in the game."
76561198356053293,Not Recommended,304390,33559518,Posted: 15 July,all,Chopsticks,I LOVE THIS GAME FOR ITS MAPS AND GAMEPL%@9CM~You have disconnected from this review
76561198040658205,Not Recommended,304390,34345303,Posted: 19 August,all,Pilot2122,"Literally had a ton of fun with this game over the free weekend, so I bought it. I come to find out, I am constantly getting paired with people that have super high Item Power (which should not be a thing by the way in  dueling game). These people, despite being ON par with my skill level, happen to RES allies in half a second, get revenge in just 1v1 for just blocking twice, and hitting me once with a heavy attack (with me playing as Vanguard, and Conqueror) doing half of my health. SO I end up just getting two shot, then the game decides to say hey lets release some new maps, and chars.So they release new stuff for the new season, well they happen to include a charchter that can attack through any defense, or block. While having a large health pool, and being as quick as the shinobi. Then you get some cool new maps, not a bunch of edges where people with no skill at the game can camp to just throw people off. No they make a good map, but they decide to add these mini ballistas that happen to one shot anyone they hit, and reload super fast. SO you are dueling someone else across the map, and his team mate gets on a mini ballista half way across the map fires at you (could miss, yet still hit you) and you die one hit in a game that is suppose to be about dueling your enemies.I don't recommend this game, as you could not tell already. To be honest though this game has a alot of potential, it is very fun when you play against people who actually play to duel, and the concept is really awesome. However, the team and company who work on this game are utter failures. They still have not even released DEDICATED SERVERS. The team for this game needs to get rid of all the ways to one shot people, they need to remove item power from the game (or severely nerf it), they need to focus on balancing chars instead of just trying to add as many new ones as possible, they need to add dedicated servers, and etc etc etc. DON'T BUY THIS GAME, I regret it, and you will too. Unless big changes are made, this games community will just continue to shrink and shrink. Then it will be left with just the typical scumbag ""I have no skill, let me knock you off an edge on this point that happens to have two narrow bridges to get to it, right next to each other guy"""
76561197995450381,Not Recommended,304390,34210010,Posted: 13 August,all,Ulfgaar,"This game, has all the potential of being one of a kind epicness. The game and the gameplay itself, pretty damd good and epic. However, they went along and made this a pay-to-win game. This combined with the absolutely horrible que pairing system, makes this game freakin unplayable. There is only so much fun to be had when your playing ""honest"" and you continously come up against people who bought gear and 2 shot you with fast attacks.Then comes the connectivity issues - peer to peer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, which is a chapter of its own.Too bad, soo sad - could have been a properly great one, as the game mechanics are absolutely epic. Its a game that offers an unique experience, ruined by corporate greed."
,Not Recommended,304390,30647762,Posted: 21 March,all,contagious,"personal experience is this game felt stale pretty fast. It by all means certainly isn't worth the full price and makes less sense to charge so much for the game as there are in game purchases. The preorder came with an ""open beta"" that made no sense (you can't say you are giving people early access if it applies to literally anyone who buys the game at any point before the pretend release date)The combat is supposed to be deep but feels like there is way too much fluff involved and it is another pvp game with gear levels and level locked abilites.It comes down to my own taste here but I always feel like the best pvp games offer everyone the same tools from the begining and it comes down to your skill over them to beat other people, not how many hours you have sunk in to it to have been given a handicap over other players. It's design choices like this that make the game harder to enter when it is on sale and the community has mostly died off and it is a design choice that over complicates your ability to asses how much damage they..., how fast they..., how long they.. etc, etcThese days it seems like everyone wants the next big competitive game to show up so maybe they can get in early and have that edge over everyone else but this game sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't that, despite what people will try and make you believeIt is a fun multiplayer game but it isn't a fun multiplayer game for the price they are asking.It was a alright couple of hours that I spent playing it"
,Not Recommended,304390,32609712,Posted: 20 June,all,Scandalous Bob™,This game was good...once...
76561198030419802,Not Recommended,304390,31533169,Posted: 3 May,all,TheScarhead,"Pros:Good gameplayUnique ideaFun for the first few hoursCons:Terrible servers (p2p)Random disconnectionsconstantly getting attacked by multiple players without a way to defend yourselfPeople spamming the same 2 moves over and over for all eternityBroken matchmaking that will pit a person with a gear score of 0 against someone who's maxed out gear scoreGear score basically determines wether or not you loseDodging doesn't work against guardbreaksGuardbreaks can teleport players 20 feet forwardCertain attacks can teleport players 20 feet forwardsCertain jump attacks can auto lock and change direction mid air to hit you even if you dodge rolled out of the wayYou will ALWAYS get knocked off ledgesMicrotransactions that sell crappy things for ridiculous pricesA glorified and drawn out tutorial that they call ""Story mode""Most people have no honor and will gangbang youTeammates will get mad at you if you do have honorDevelopers that are adding new content yet completely ignoring all of it's many faultsThis is basically Jurassic Park: The Game. Ubisoft had created something beautiful that everyone loved for just a moment, then they ♥♥♥♥ed it all up and everything went to hell"
76561198014607524,Not Recommended,304390,32609722,Posted: 20 June,all,Captain Ironsides,This game was good...once
76561198055471719,Not Recommended,304390,33470062,Posted: 11 July,all,[SS]Colonel Killsteal,"I have over four hundred hours in this game. I love the game unhealthily, I've been playing it since the betas. I can deal with unbalanced heroes, I can deal with being constantly beaten in 1v4's by Centurions, I can deal with anything that I can chalk up to my own inadequacy, but what frustrates me the most is the terrible connection issues. I don't care if the game's peer-to-peer, the implementation is terrible. I would highly recommend this game if I was able to stay connected for an entire match, but after playing for hours and only being able to finish one match (which I was lucky to be one of only two people to finish without being booted) I can't honestly say that this game is in marketable condition.Fix the damned connection issues and I will gladly change this review to positive. Please."
,Not Recommended,304390,33472287,Posted: 11 July,all,♱ Lucifer ♱,"this is probably the by far worst game due to the community, Ive never seen such ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that just run around and ♥♥♥♥ around to be annoying, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥and be ♥♥♥♥ing disapointed to have ever wasted your money, and no Im not writing this cause Im bad, its cause this community is actual trash"
76561198035494343,Not Recommended,304390,34678941,Posted: 2 September,all,RAPTOR,I bought this game knowing it has problems but still WOWEVERYTHING wrong with this game is not based on mechanics or visual defects ist a brilliant game but another CASE of GREEDY UBISOFT that Refuses to spend money to deliver that expirience to the players it's like watching one of the best movies ever but having to pause every 15 seconds : | . If UBISOFT would understand what beeing a gamer means they could be on top of all publishers but because they do what they do they are the equivilant of ebenisa scrootch infuriating everybody for a few bucks
,Recommended,304390,29923890,Posted: 14 February,all,Garfield,Great game! The graphics and gameplay is amazing. The attack and guard mode is quite innovative to be honest.Started the Story and not disappointed a single bit with Action packed campaigns.The Multiplayer also works fine for me despite it being P2P. Didnt notice any lag or connection issues.Highly recommended! A near flawless release from Ubi!!Knights <3
76561198047549827,Not Recommended,304390,29925346,Posted: 14 February,all,Harlekyn,Awesome game but Ubisoft always fail with regards to servers. Really hoped they would do a better job here. Do not buy this game unless they have fixed it!
76561198046689701,Not Recommended,304390,29921606,Posted: 14 February,all,cyborg_vole,"I would not recommend this, the game is a good idea but they have spent nearly no time in teaching you how to play it. With something like this you need to have something, whether it be optional or mandatory, that teaches you everything that you can do. Instead it teaches you basics, so when you decide you are ready to face someone in matchmaking because you have just destroyed the AI you get your butt kicked by things that you didn't even know you could do. Another issue I have is the maps, there is too many hazards, I cant play a certain map because I straight away get thrown off a balcony before I am able to do anything.If they changed a lot about this game I would recommend it, if they decide to teach you what all characters can do instead of leave it to guess work that would make me want to come back to it. For me the learning curve is far too steap for me to want to sit down and play against people who have been playing for ten times the time I have.What I can say though which is good, the campaign (Solo) is very good. I have only played a short period of time with it but it is a nice campaign to play."
76561198137584999,Not Recommended,304390,29925577,Posted: 14 February,all,wilywu31,This game reminds me of Dragonage PVP. pretty much just copied it and hyped it up. Just waisted my money.
,Not Recommended,304390,29927758,Posted: 14 February,all,CubeFace,"60 dollar game, 40 dollar season pass, yet no servers.This game is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash grab from Ubisoft. This is nothing like the beta,(Which was good) They added insane particle effects and rain effects just to keep your FPS at a minimum. (I have a 1070 and still can't get even slightly good fps.)There are no servers in this game uses P2P servers if you dont know what that means in short, one person hosts the server.(Yes just like in the MW2 days.) So the everyone has terrible ping to go with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps and even if you want to play the story mode (which has a terrible story) you have to have a internet connection. This game is totally not worth it.Graphics/Gameplay (7/10)Connection/FPS (2/10)General (4/10)This game would be alright if it were free to play with no pay to win aspects."
76561198317660567,Not Recommended,304390,29935662,Posted: 14 February,all,VdtheKing,"The story as a whole isn't great, some parts if not majority of the story is dry. But the main issue i have with this game is the multiplayer. From the Open Beta i was able to connect real easy with other people. What Ubisoft was able to do was work completely♥♥♥♥♥backwards and has made it impossible for me to even join a match. What sucks more is, its probably gonna take awhile to fix these issues, but i bought the season pass thinking it was gonna be as easy joining a game like it was in the Beta. If anything save your money on this game until they fix these issues. But what i can tell you from experience and is this game is amazing when it works. The new playable characters add a new layer to strategy and depth to combat that make each encounter with the new warriors awesome to learn and beat. But its a shame that the beta is more successful than the games actual launch. I honestly love this game, but until they fix these issues with the connection, wait, ESPECIALLY wait on the season pass so you can earn your double currency."
,Not Recommended,304390,29926324,Posted: 14 February,all,Darkbringer35,"This was the first, and definately the last ubisoft game I'll ever buy.If you want to unlock all the content in this game you paid 60 dollars for, its going to cost you 732 dollars extra, or 2.51 years of constant grinding. Calculations done by Bystander007. They treat this game likes its ♥♥♥♥ing F2P. ♥♥♥♥ these devs. They're the biggest penny pinchers ever. Game companies need to kill microtransactions."
76561198116560876,Not Recommended,304390,29936990,Posted: 14 February,all,The Lonely Nipple,"Ok, so when i played the beta the servers were bad. i thought. oh well its a beta they will get dedicated servers up for the real thing, but this is Ubisoft so i should have expected the opposite. when i am searching for a game it can say ""joining game"" to only seconds later come up with an error message and sometimes it just does nothing at all.however i have not come across being disconected yetThe Ai seems to be good but can be abit dumb at times + sometimes hits do not registerIM not even going to START on the MICROTRANSACTIONS ♥♥♥♥ing hell ubisoft"
76561198053054337,Not Recommended,304390,29972154,Posted: 16 February,all,Shadow the Edgehog,Balanced? lul
,Not Recommended,304390,29970466,Posted: 16 February,all,Baastl,"The game is fun and addictive if it works properly which you will find in 1/8 game in multiplay. It has P2P which not only makes it easy af to cheat in it but it also allows for the great thing of laggswitching to become popular again! Hope you also don't have any plans to play with less than 100 ping against a host with 0 since who needs those 100 milliseconds in a game with reaction time being 99% of the reason people win fights!I think this game could be amazing if only it wasn't made by a company which gives 0 ♥♥♥♥s about the user and tries to save money on every coner at the expense of the player!It's also a AAA title with micro-transactions and a premium system!This is the new Rainbow 6: Siege, a complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for the first few month and later on probably a great game if they choose to fix the issues that have been known since the alpha!"
76561197963621541,Not Recommended,304390,29933925,Posted: 14 February,all,xInFamousxK20,this games combat is a complete cluster fk of repetetive garbage
76561198151130685,Not Recommended,304390,32801498,Posted: 25 June,all,Rush,terrible game. i need a refund.
,Recommended,304390,30359171,Posted: 6 March,all,EinarK,"Ok so this game is great.But it has a lot of flaws.Such as the P2P and all that stuffBut besides that i think the game is just great.I honestly havent been going through a lot of errors or anything.Also the story is ok, its not like amazing or anything just fun."
76561198025510481,Recommended,304390,30016071,Posted: 18 February,all,PreachySpider88,I love this game.  Just take a bit of practice and you will enjoy this a lot.
76561198315886351,Recommended,304390,29937548,Posted: 15 February,all,JubJub,"As someone who's steered clear of Ubisoft games since AC 4, I've gotta say I was not expecting to enjoy this game as much as I do. This is my first review, so I'll break it down into pros/cons:PROS:-Every class/hero feels very different from one another in terms of playstyle, and even minor personality traits-The combat is fun, engaging, and easy to pick up but difficult to master. If you enjoy a steep learning curve, you'll enjoy the combat in For Honor-Getting a to ""execute"" an opponent feels very rewarding and well deserved, as does getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by someone who is clearly better than you. Gotta learn from your mistakes if you feel meCONS:-Not a lot of people in ""For Honor"" fight with honor, but that's mostly related to the community, and not the game itself-While microtransactions ARE in the game, they do NOT play a very big part in the game itself. They're restricted to buying ""steel"", one of the in-game currencies, and steel is then used to buy cosmetic's. Granted, cosmetics give you a small advantage in game modes like Elimination and Dominion, BUT where they improve your skill in one area, they lower it in another-The story, or campaign, is very ""eh"".But at the end of the day, the most important thing I can mention is that you should watch gameplay videos for yourself, and ask yourself if you think you would enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30154811,Posted: 24 February,all,OctanePhantom,I got this gifted to me by a friendI feel like apologizing to him that he spent $60 on this
,Recommended,304390,30017461,Posted: 18 February,all,Ruin  ҉,"Most players that are giving this game a bad review are from people that either did not take the time to learn the game, or they themselves have poor internet connection. This game takes A LOT of time to learn and master. It's more similar to a figthting game than it is to an RPG like Dark Souls. You need to learn every character's playstyle, how to effectively counter them, and understand your own combos. This is my first time writing a more 'lengthy' review, so I'll see if I can hit most of the spots.ProsGraphicsThis game looks very nice on max settings. There's a lot of detail in the armors, weapons, and environment.CombatAs mentioned earlier, it will take A LOT of time to fully master this game. I don't think anyone has truly mastered it yet as of right now. There is a lot of depth in the combat. To succeed in higher level play would mostly be about the understanding of your own character, the oponent's character, and mind games / mix ups. Balacing a game like this is difficult, but it seems like Ubi will be doing a good job at trying to keep it as balanced as they can.Full CampaignThe campaign may not be the most important part for a lot of players in this game, but I'm glad it's there. There are collectables to find, different difficulties, a good story (imo) and it all ties up with the multiplayer as well. You can do the campaign with a friend in online Co-Op, which is always a plus in any campaign for me.CustomizationYou can make emblems that look neat, and you unlock gear for your Heroes that look really cool too. You can change colors, executions, emotes, moods, etc. I enjoy the amount of customization there are in the game.NOT PAY TO WINI have no idea why people are even saying this. I wasn't going to add this segment but some people are really making this game sound p2w, and it's not. Steel is the ingame currency that can be used to purchase whatever. You earn Steel from playing the game. You can also buy Steel. You can use the Steel to purchase packs to obtain gear for your Heroes. THE GEAR IS MOSTLY FOR LOOKS. This is important. The gear DO have stats, but the stats are only active in 4v4 game modes. You can't just buy high level gear too. The gear you get from packs is determined by your Heroes level. So if you want high level gear, you need to put in TIME to reach that high level first. The stats, so far as they seem, also appear to have minimal impact anyways.ConsConnectionPersonally, I barely have had conneciton issues. However, it doesn't mean they do not exist. Occasssionally I have been kicked out of matches or disconnected to servers. I doubt this will be an ongoing problem over the course of the game, but it does happen. Most people that complain are usually having problems with their own internet connection as well, not just the game.Glitches / Bugs / ExploitsThere's not many that we know about as of yet, but there's some. Certain glitches/bugs/exploits that create an unfair playing field. I will not be talking about which bugs these are so people do not learn how to exploit them. Just know that there are some that make certain Heroes unbalanced. Chances are though, that not many players know about these exploits. So you won't be facing too many (hopefully). This will also be a problem that shouldn't last too long (hopefully).BalancingSome Heroes change their guard stance too slow to keep up with fast Assassin Heroes. Balacing is hard in this kind of game. Overall, this game is relatively balanced, and in the right hands any Hero could be played amazingly. There are just some minor tweaks that should probably happen.This is all I can think of off the top of my head. I will edit it if I need to add stuff, change the formatting, or whatever. As mentioned at the start this is my first 'lengthy' review so I apologize beforehand for formatting errors and other stuff."
76561198029167440,Not Recommended,304390,31265843,Posted: 20 April,all,A 5 Star Dessert,Do not
,Not Recommended,304390,30044605,Posted: 19 February,all,brettrussell1674,"This game is a FUN game (at first). I played the beta, and I loved it so i preordered the full game. But whenever I try to play it, I get kicked out of games. For Honor is one of those games that is great at the start, but then gets boring very quickly. I don't reccomend this game to anybone based soley on the fact that this is a very repetitive game that is not worth the $60 price tag."
76561198078594458,Recommended,304390,29965526,Posted: 16 February,all,Air Jorby,"Woah. I didn't realize that this game had mixed reviews. I came in with intentions of piling on the hype train for this game. I really enjoy what it's trying to do. It mixes objectives of FPS games, along with many fighting game characteristics. Graphics are beautiful. Occasional connectivity issues that I hope will be fixed sometime soon, but nothing too game-breaking. Do yourself a favor and download it. I've literally been playing nonstop outside of Work and classes since release. This game is my jam."
,Not Recommended,304390,30048506,Posted: 19 February,all,EasyDookie,"the gameplay itself is decently fun.pretty unbalanced at times and boring at others, but still fun.outside of the gameplay EVERYTHING is terrible in this game.the ui, the menus, the character options, and god help me the matchmaking and servers are the worst ive ever seen in a title claiming to be AAA.do not buy this game until these issues are fixed (they probably wont be fixed because ubisoft is incharge)i wish i looked that it was ubisoft behind this game before i bought it.- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME -"
,Not Recommended,304390,30719945,Posted: 24 March,all,Smitherz,"This game would have been great if it wasnt owned by ubisoft. Their servers are a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥and they dont do anything to fix them. Considering the amount of dislikes on the game, you would expect them to fix them. In the past hour of playing the game, i have had 10 disconnects.thanks ubisoft"
,Recommended,304390,29957456,Posted: 16 February,all,Nashoba,I friggen love this game. Put in over 20 hours into it and cant get enough.
,Not Recommended,304390,30124130,Posted: 23 February,all,nig blaster 5000,p2p is trash
,Not Recommended,304390,30281067,Posted: 2 March,all,BIG MEATY CLAWS ! ! !,"**UPDATE 3** - The game now shows ""CRITICAL ERROR"" and boots me out of my current game and into the ""press start"" boot screen. Unbelievable!**UPDATE 2** - I started using AirVPN and having the AirVPN website running in the background, it really helps with making my NAT stay green now for 75% of the time. My connection is a lot more stable. Unfortunately it's so stable that when the servers go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and everyone disconnects, I stay in-game while the game tries to synchronise the connection(s). At this point my only option is to wait like 5-10 minutes (not ♥♥♥♥ing kidding at all) or hit alt-f4 and relaunch the game.**UPDATE** - It is now literally unplayable. Thanks Ubisoft""A CONNECTION ERROR HAS OCCURED. RETURNING TO MAIN MENU""FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥UBISOFT!!! OR ADD DEDICATED SERVERS!!!Get ready to see this a lot more than actually playing the game.I am so ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the stability of Multiplayer that I almost broke my ♥♥♥♥ing knuckles out of punching my desk.You could have the time of your life playing-- hacking away, in this intricate brawler, then BAM, ""UNKNOWN ERROR"" and all that progress just disappears.It's seriously a great game when it works. It runs fantastic as well, but for the price of $60 I expect at least a functioning Multiplayer game!!! Even DOTA 2 is more stable, and that game is almost a decade old!!!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT BUYING THIS AT ALL! The game at this state is utterly broken, and even when you've been following this game for awhile now, check out updates in forums to know if they've added dedicated servers! It is highly unplayable a this state!"
76561198075556698,Not Recommended,304390,34648864,Posted: 31 August,all,HolyPony'horse,"This game is a complete  crap, do not waste your money on it."
76561197965827828,Recommended,304390,29997921,Posted: 17 February,all,DankBeard,"Slowly but surely, this game is taking every hour of freetime that I have. Incredible gameplay, lovely bits of cheese/trolling. Just an awesome game, well worth the money, just wish they would do events more frequently, it gets slightly boring once all your dailys/subdailys are finished."
,Recommended,304390,30027237,Posted: 18 February,all,zoo,Absolutely amazing game but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers.
76561198151215427,Not Recommended,304390,30889997,Posted: 1 April,all,Stavarin,Mordhau is going to be what this should have been.  ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING DISSAPOINTMENT
,Not Recommended,304390,29999730,Posted: 17 February,all,Twix the Christmas Fox,"Alright, so lemme start off my review by saying For Honor is a fun game, and if most of these issues get fixed then it will be a really really amazing game, but as per usual Ubisoft is really bad at developing games. And thinking over mechanics.But for now, I really can't reccomend it for the 60 dollar price tag it boasts.Lemme list some of it's biggest problems here- Peer to peer connection, no dedicated servers, so have fun sitting in the same game as you migrate hosts all the time, sometimes it breaks and it never connects, in which you have to alt-f4 to get out. And it takes absolutely forever to find someone to join on as well. Ubisoft really really needs to get the server things with their game right, it's getting extremely rediculous.- Leaving a game has no penalty, so migrating hosts is very, very often if the opposing team is being beaten.- Queuing with friends drops your group / some of its members 75% of the time.- Most Samurai are really overtuned compared to all the other classes.- Executing doesn't put you back into Left Control mode, so you end up getting♥♥♥♥♥♥on if you're executing and someone sneaks up on you as it ends. Not only that, but Left Control picks who it wants, when it should pick the person closest to you.- Some execution animations are longer than others, way longer, or way shorter, giving some classes a bigger advantage to executing.- Dodging with space takes almost no stamina, so you can dodge around at will and cheese most slower classes with faster classes, making it a really unbalanced fight because dodging makes you immune to damage most the time, and it's almost instant, so having a slow hitting class makes it almost impossible to hit others that can dodge quickly, even if you calculate it.- Extremely outrageous prices for skins, in both real money and in game currency. One mythic skin costs 15K, which you only get around 30 per match, which means you'd have to play hundreds of matches to get one of them.- There's currently no way to get in game currency faster, other than buying it with real money. Playing through the campaign and starting out gets you 6000 total in game currency, which is nice, but then you have to use 4500 of it to buy the characters.- Champion status is almost useless. Only making you get slightly more exp for a ton of in game currency. And  with a few tiny loot things.- Controls on both keyboard and mouse, and controler seem to be very unresponsive. With many many people getting tons of cases of attacks going through blocks, or blocking not going the way you  want it to despite trying your hardest to block in that direction, or change stances. And parrying is very finnicky. Not only that, but the controls were way better in the beta. Dunno how they messed it up, but they did.- Revenge is way too easy to get, even in a 1v1 if you build for it, making it a very one sided fight as you get half a bar of free HP. I think Revenge should only be able to be charged in a 2v1 situation and so-forth. It unbalances 1v1's greatly.If most of these things get fixed, this game will be absolutely amazing. I'd have barely a quarrel with it, and it's still pretty damn fun. But, as of right now if you have 60 bucks to drop, and the game looks really awesomely fun to you, I have no doubts you'll love it. I hope this game will turn out better in the future, I really do. But for now, if you have other things you want more than this, pass until it goes on sale for around 25 bucks. Probably will be waiting a while though, because Ubisoft are greedy.So, basically, just stay away from this until they fix the bugs, or if you really really want it, buy it and play it, and hope it gets better. Sorta like me. Or wait for a sale. Either way, if you end up picking up this game, I hope you don't regret it."
76561198024524401,Recommended,304390,29956871,Posted: 15 February,all,Irrapture,Great game. Haven't been having any of the peer to peer connection issues that every negative comment has been spewing.
76561198111655687,Recommended,304390,30072645,Posted: 20 February,all,Ooga booga,"Lets be real here... 90% of the negative reviews here are people crying about p2p the other 10% are people who are salty over micro transactions. Once you get past the pretty crappy p2p system there is an extremely complex combat system that is fun and unlike any other. And if you're crying about micro transactions, just dont spend your money... Buying steel in this game is in my opinion, not even worth it, and if you were to buy steel, it would be for cosmetics or gear that isn't even that good but mainly used for looks. We just need to get past these petty complaints and focus on the core aspect of the game."
76561198022301903,Not Recommended,304390,30281704,Posted: 2 March,all,Moist Lettuce,"One word for you ""Ubisoft"""
,Recommended,304390,30017703,Posted: 18 February,all,✧Ⅿinoco,PIZZA COMBO
76561198019435929,Not Recommended,304390,29946982,Posted: 15 February,all,Paramox,Worst game everdont buy it
,Not Recommended,304390,29946871,Posted: 15 February,all,[85th] Mjr Silence Dogood,"I reviewed this product while it was in Open Beta and I have to say that Ubisoft maybe for the first time ever has genuinely surprised me. I was not surprised to find that they had fixed literally nothing that people had been complaining about during the open beta. I was not surprised to find that people still complained of connectivity issues and unresponsiveness from their controls. I was surprised to find that, to my complete and total shock, Ubisoft had somehow made it ♥♥♥♥ing worse.That's right, they made this game worse.It is nearly unplayable on launch, reminding me of the good ole' days of Assassin's Creed Unity. This time there are wide-spread complaints that people are being dismissed from the game for ""inactivity"". I have witnessed this first-hand during a duel when, as the guy was attacking me, he was kicked from the game due to inactivity. What a joke.Even better is the three classes that are new since the open beta. I mean some of the classes were pretty bad before with their slight unbalance, but nothing that broke the game. If anything, I see where people are coming from with the Orichi class, but honestly, as a Warden whose♥♥♥♥♥♥usually gets wrecked by them, I still enjoy dueling them; it's a challenge, and not impossible, but I can see where people are coming from. But that's not a big deal. The big deal is the new Samurai class, whom I fondly refer to as ""The Fat ♥♥♥♥"". This guy, okay, any attack he lands on you is bone-crushing and sometimes will land you on your back like you're a ♥♥♥♥ing puppy. He's slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ so you might be thinking, ""just dodge him"". Yeah, I tried that, but because this games dodge system is sub-par and sketchy at best (sometimes you successfully dodge, other times you're guy jumps into the enemy's blade) that just means that you better pray to God that this dude misses somehow. Moreover, these attacks are often unblockable, meaning that you can neither interrupt the attack, no matter how much damage you do, nor can you stop it, no matter how hard you try. Any damage you do is negligible at best, and I have yet to devise a strategy to beat The Fat ♥♥♥♥. The coup de gras, if you can believe this, is that The Fat ♥♥♥♥ has an unblockable move in which, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, he picks you up and crushes you like a ♥♥♥♥ing toothpick, doing massive damage and effectively incapacitating you for a small amount of time. There is a video (look it up, please) where a Kensei Samurai whittles The Fat ♥♥♥♥ down to a few drops of blood and T.F.F., having done no previous damage to the Kensei, picks this guy up and snaps him in half, instantly killing him. One hit. One ♥♥♥♥ing hit. What a total joke. It wouldn't be so bad if dodging were easier, or if there were some way to get out of being picked up once you've been grabbed but, no, that's not the case. I was in a duel with a guy who was playing as T.F.F. once and I pointed this all out and the dude goes, ""Yeah, it's ridiculous. Like that's why I play with him, you have no chance, no offense."" Pretty much verbatim what he said.This would all wouldn't be that big of a deal this early on, since it costs steel to recruit these heroes and more steel to unlock their perks. That's a lot of game time, especially if you want to also keep up your other heroes. So even if these people were to rush The Fat ♥♥♥♥, they would have to start from scratch, so no big deal, right?""Nah, ♥♥♥♥♥."" - Ubisoft, 2/14/17Thank you, Ubisoft, for adding MICRO TRANSACTIONS. WHAT ARE THEY DOING IN THIS GAME??? There was 0 sign of this garbage during Open Beta and I wasn't aware of it until I got in-game and realized people were buying their way to victory. I mean it would be okay if they were just buying steel to get more outfits or whatever but, no, they can use this currency to buy-into a ""club"" that gives you pretty substantial boosts for a decent amount of time. They can then use the extra currency and XP boost to effectively unlock everything in the game in no time, and I bet there's some loser somewhere who already has.Well good for him. Good for him for exploiting this pathetic excuse for a game. You know what bothers me the most about all of this? I love this game, it's fantastic. But what really bothers me the most is that this game and pretty much anything like it is just ruined for the foreseeable future. Like EA with Star Wars: Battlefront, Ubisoft has taken what could have been a masterpiece, tore it into pieces, made you buy each piece seperately, and then when you feel cheated that you've effectively purhcased a crudely drawn smiley-face for a small fortune just goes¯\_(ツ)_/¯T.L.D.R.: If you want to buy this game because you know you'll like it, even with all its flaws, go ahead. But if you have poor internet or are considering suicide, stay away from this game.Oh yeah and the community is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥, too. Had some kid try to tell me that the Warden is overpowered. What a joke.5/10, will keep playing it because I've lost control over my life.Send help.ADDENDUM: I've actually had the thought to play single player, and it is genuinely horrendous. It could be from my end, but I got interrupted when Appolyon or whatever was giving the introduction to the world map in the beginning, so I didn't catch all of it. Now, I don't know how important it was, but because this game has no seperate singeplayer and multiplayer menu or section, I can't ""start a new game"", as far as I can tell. So, what, I just missed out? What if it was crucial? I mean that's not that big of a deal, sure. What is a big ole' ♥♥♥♥in' deal is that you have to restart THE ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION EVERY TIME YOU DIE. What the ♥♥♥♥ is that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm just going all out and playing realistic on first go, so maybe it's something specific with that mode. But the game's fighting mechanics are already♥♥♥♥♥ then you take away the attack indicators, give the A.I. a bonus, and THEN you take out auto-saves? Even if you're playing on easy, combat can still take forever sometimes! Any fight that isn't 2v1 will inevitably take twice as long, since you can really only focus on one opponent at a time, and there are A LOT OF FIGHTS.I wouldn't mind the single player missions being a single-path railway system if I didn't have to start at the beginning every ♥♥♥♥ing time. I mean maybe I'm stupid and I can change it in the options somewhere, but I doubt it; why wouldn't I bet against Ubisoft, given all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥they've failed to deliver on. Again."
76561197983402758,Recommended,304390,30076112,Posted: 21 February,all,Mr. Fiefer,"TL:DR at the bottem if you so wish.This game gets a bad rap. Does it deserve it? I think it does deserve some, I however think people are too harsh.The first major complaint many people give this game is the peer to peer connection between other people playing in your game. This has advantages such as having player's movements more accurately displayed on everyone's computers. This is nice on paper, but in practice, doesn't really do much and when someone has bad connection it freezes the game for everyone. It can get annoying but is definitely not something that would ruin an entire experience as it doesn't happen every game.Now the season pass... This game is following the model of Rainbow Six Siege. Ubisoft said that they planned to release 6 new characters during the season pass, those characters you get for free with the season pass and one week early. However, assuming the new characters work the same as the current ones, you won't have to buy them to play them. In For Honor you only need to buy a character if you want to custumize them or add gear to them. The season pass also some costumes and 30 day champion status. Now from playing many hours of the beta, and after it's realease, the season pass isn't even worth buying. So who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if it's $40? Like seriously, why complain about it if it's not even worth getting in the first place. Let Ubisoft regret the dicision to make it too expensive, but it doesn't come with anything worth spending money for IMO so I don't know why people complain.Now in regards to champion status and the game currency (steel). So I mentioned earlier that you get 30 day champion status from buying the season pass. Champion status gives you +25% XP, more salvage from dismantling, and extra loot. You can buy them in packages from 3 days up to 1 year. You can buy these with in game money and you can get a 7 day package for 4000 steel, which doesn't take too long to get. I'll agree, I don't understand or like the system, but it's nothing really destructive to the game itself because items in this game really don't matter all too much.Since items and micro transactions go together, I'm going to lump them together here. So about micro transactions, I personally don't understand why people hate micro transactions in a AAA titles so much. I understand it's because games didn't used to have this, and because $60 is already a lot of money for one game. But here's the thing, you can only buy Steel (in game currency) with real money. So it basically only lets you buy costumes that you can earn by playing the game. Steel also lets you buy scavenger crates which, when you open them, drop items for a specific character that can be used to change the stats such as attack, defense, throw distance, revenge gain, etc... Mind you this gear bonus only takes place in the 4v4 Dominion mode. (I think it takes place in the 4v4 Deathmatch as well but I might be mistaken.)Now, I play Orochi as my main and still haven't geared my character with anything I didn't get on the first 3 days. My gear score is 11, I'm doing perfectly fine. Most people I fight now have 40 or more gear score but I still have fun, I still kill people. Over the course of playing the game since launch I have 618 kills,  352 deaths, and 256 assists. Those stats count all characters, most of which I haven't even geared at all. Now in the modes where stats actually take place, I don't notice myself at a real disadvantage. This game is not p2w. It hasn't been since beta, and it isn't now.The gameplay itself is why I play this game, and the gameplay is amazing. The guard system is simple enough to learn, and with button combos to perfrom special attacks, it keeps every character with a unique play style. The animations and attacks also feel quick and smooth. Yes, I do get mad at the cheap environment kills, but I do them myself occasionally, their fun. Although I don't do them all the time because I feel they are cheap, but hey, they are in the game, and they are fun to do when you pull them off. This game is kinda like a 2D fighter game like Street Fighter. Not in the combos as much (Because they aren't complecated). But moreso in the way you have to learn nuances of the game to really get good. As well as timings for things like guard breaking and what not. It can definately feel fustrating at first, but it feels so rewarding to pull off a kill on someone. As I keep playing, I get salty, but I keep coming back because I love the combat.I think people overblow the fact that this game is p2w or that micro transactions are in the game, or that the season pass is too expensive, because in the end, it doesn't inpact the game in a way that would destroy it. Yes the game has it's oddities and it's problems, but the combat is so fun and rewarding, (even with the problems) that I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone into this kind of game."
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,304390,30221462,Posted: 27 February,all,Aisar,It's a game made by Ubishit.  That's the end of the review.
,Not Recommended,304390,31912359,Posted: 22 May,all,spaezitzle,eh dude it's not good
,Recommended,304390,34155807,Posted: 10 August,all,Yjrd1,"Though I can't give this game my entire reccomendation, the negative media attention it's been given since release is way harsher than the game deserves. Nobody will try to contest that Ubisoft is a greedy company that cranks out♥♥♥♥♥♥games, but the developers of this game genuinely care about it, it's community, and the longevity of the game.If you recall, Rainbow 6 Siege (another Ubisoft title that released in the dumpster) is alive and thriving currently with a competitive and casual community that is enjoying the game as we speak. The developers claim to be taking the exact same approach as R6S with For Honor, which genuinely gives me hope for the game's future.So now that I've gotten that out of the way, let me talk about the game itself.With a roster of 16 characters and counting, unique movesets on the level of traditional fighting games, mix-ups, combos, hidden tech to discover and strategies to learn, the game has an intense amount of detail in it's actual gameplay mechanics. Guarding and attacking feels natural, feinting and parrying are more advanced but still intuitive.Animation quality is top notch alongside the graphics, and the number of unique executions on kill and emotes to spam are wild.Minor interesting note, each character speaks their respective languages during certain attacks and animations in combat, but if you rez an ally they will speak in your selected language, where if an enemy rez's one of their own, they will still speak a foreign language. I don't know why, but I found it interesting.NEGATIVES:Connectivity issues, easily exploitable cheap tactics, and the general toxicity of the community.I'm not going to be one of those people who claims there's ""NO HONOR IN FOR HONOR,"" because I honestly don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but there are certain aspects of it that make it less fun.1: Ledge kills. If you wanted to engage in a swordfight and make sparks fly from your clashing steel, too bad for you because they thought that cliffside looked more enticing.2: Unlock tech. Just as a brief information dump, pressing your left trigger on a controller will lock you on to another player so you can fight them with your full moveset. There are specific abilities that can only be used while unlocked from your opponent, and these abilities (if used correctly) can result in a literal guessing game for your opponent, where if they chose incorrectly, they will take a serious punishment for it. Unfortunately, there is literally no downside to utilizing this tactic, so people tend to spam it relentlessly.3: Spammable openers. This isn't a huge problem, but when a player doesn't properly understand how to utilize their character, they will immediately go to the most effective opening move, which typically has little downside. Reacting to these abilities takes a large amount of game time and game knowledge, so newer players will be immediately turned off when an enemy bashes their with their shield and pokes you with a flail 20 times for a kill.The connectivity issues are supposedly being worked out, as DEDICATED SERVERS are becoming a reality in the future.As for the toxicity in the community, I firmly believe that it is what has contributed to For Honor's steady downward decline. From the ""ugh you dishonorable prick"" to the ""dead game"" to the instant disconnects upon losing once, the game needs fresh blood who won't throw their controller through a window when someone emote spams them.ONE FINAL NOTE: You should get a controller and a friend if you want to play the game. They're both invaluable - one for gameplay, one for stupid strategies that will definitely help you get into the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,29921427,Posted: 14 February,all,Panzer V,"i rarely commend on any game. but i got say this.if u wanta play mult game mode forget about it.u will only experience disconnected.if u just wanta play single mode and enjoy by urself without internet,guess what u cant use it without internet.and it is so stupid for a game cost 60$.So my recommendation Dont BUY THIS GAME!!!Hey UBSOFT  FIX the MULT GAME BEFORE U SELL IT OKAY!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30916987,Posted: 2 April,all,Erman von Altestadt,"If the developers were anyone else other than Ubisoft,I'd recommend the game."
76561198116243921,Not Recommended,304390,34926001,Posted: 13 September,all,Petneato,This game is filled with elitest fighting game players who only use extreme cheese and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t/op strategies or mechanics
76561198088414356,Recommended,304390,33465136,Posted: 11 July,all,Thraxerus,"This game is a good game, despite what people say its a fun and engaging game. its hard to get used to and there is one hell of a learning curve, but for poeple who say the game is broken and the characters are broken then i have a simply response for them.Learn the counters for the moves you struggle against.learn to read your opponant.(in summary GIT GUD)"
76561198025705024,Recommended,304390,29970120,Posted: 16 February,all,Fupa Lord,"Great game, I highly recommend it. The combat is great, simple to understand but hard to master and most heroes are balanced. It is not a pay to win as some people said in the reviews since it's fairly easy to win the currency by just playing.  Also, I didn't experience any latency or connection problems except the occasional host change (dedicated servers would be a plus). For once Ubisoft released a complete game and I'm sure they will keep updated it like they did for Rainbow Six!"
76561198082100672,Not Recommended,304390,29974244,Posted: 16 February,all,Spain Circa 1554,"ONLY GAME I'VE EVER REVIEWEDFor those of you not wanting to read the whole thing in short If you like waiting for games, getting disconected, having unbalanced games and getting 3v1 almost constantly all for the low low price of $80 this is for you.After playing the beta and enjoying it I couldn't wait to see what the final product would be like. I couldn't wait for the action and intense battles but what I got was far from that. After queuing for around 5 minutes each time (if not longer) you'll be hit with one of many error messages. If you're lucky enough to get into a game you're not out of the woods yet because you may just be left sitting at the loading screen or get kicked out as soon as the game starts. Now I have decent net (No connection problems in any other online game at all) and a decent P.C (game runs fine when it actually works). Now lets talk about the gameplay. If you were hoping for intense 1v1 battles as a large scale war rages on around you, don't buy this game. The only way you'll ever fight someone 1v1 is in that 1v1 gamemode and even then 80% of the time either you will throw or be thrown off the map instead of engaging in actual combat. The dominion mode will always involve you ganging up or being ganged up on making fights almost always at least 2v1 as the maps are too small to allow any chance of it being 1v1, theres always going to be at least one enemy on your screen at all times. This also ruins the sense of achievement you feel when beating another player as they're just going to be right in front of you again in 10 seconds time. Now for the matchmaking. I have never in all my years of playing an online game seen worse matchmaking and game balancing than in for honor. I have about 8 hours played and not once in that time have I sat back and thought, ""wow what a great game"". Each game is either your team getting stomped or stomping the other team unless you have 3 other friends to play with the matchmaking will decide who wins 90% of the time. Don't get me wrong this game has everything it needs to be really enjoyable but for $80 it's most certainly not worth it."
76561198081073976,Not Recommended,304390,33444687,Posted: 10 July,all,Mediocre Joe,"Me before buying For Honor:""Why is everyone expecting this game to suck? Why does everyone hate Ubisoft so much?""Me after playing For Honor:""Oh..."""
76561198003114379,Not Recommended,304390,30061095,Posted: 20 February,all,Roger Cheeto #NoBodyShots,absolute trash
,Recommended,304390,30016114,Posted: 18 February,all,P0WN3R,"I like it a lot.Servers seem to be all right now.Microtransactions are optional.Graphics are amazing.The game runs great.TONS of customizing options.Combat is REALLY cool, its all about skill, reaction time and reading your opponents behavior.Very unique and interesting gameplay.If you expect to win with gear or critical hits, you are going to lose big time.The armor peaces gained in game or with real money don't increase chances of winning.Gear is to personalise your combat. For instance: you increase stamina regeneration BUT you lose movement speed.If you get into multiplayer without any practise, don't expect to be much of a treat to your opponent.Buying the gold/deluxe edition or ingame items won't change that. At all.....If you hate the combat/gameplay you are not going to like the game. Thats it."
,Recommended,304390,30016224,Posted: 18 February,all,☾ SPQR ☽ SomeRandomStarWarzFan,"I played this game for 10 hours straight (almost without eating) Just saying that, I realize im addicted to the game.The combat, Multiplayer and Singleplayer is a interesting thing and while it can get a bit frustrating at times (Looking at you tozon.. Toson? Tozen? Tosen?) doesn't matter how its spelled. Anyway, the server issues I keep getting told about are near non-existant, either by the time I got it they released a patch, or everyone was blowing it out of proportion. The only time I had a problem is when I was disconnected from one game, in 10 HOURS of playing, 1 server problem, and the game is amazing. I was expecting that the story was going to be just a multiplayer match with dialogue just slapped on, nope. Instead its a entire cutscene filled, different from the multiplayer experience. To the point where its almost like a new game (except it still has the base mechanic, blocking and swinging) overall, i'd give this game a solid..9/10"
76561198150748611,Recommended,304390,32700224,Posted: 23 June,all,Stevenson,Ave Maria....DEUS VULT!!!
,Recommended,304390,32358224,Posted: 11 June,all,Yaderna☭Voron,"I just like to say that I didn't spend 500 hours or so, so i'm pretty sure my word doesn't matter at all but, I think most of the reviews are just people who suck at the game and are looking for an excuse to defend themselves I think players just don't know how to adapt to knew characters; sure there are some broken things about the game I will admit, and some bugs have been here for a bit but no players actually give the developers a chance to fix things I feel like if the players will give the developers a chance and at least be patient then they will enjoy the game."
76561198163577980,Not Recommended,304390,29938667,Posted: 15 February,all,HAZE,Not a bad game but gets very boring very quick if it was half price yes but not for 40 pounds
76561198100993365,Not Recommended,304390,30005328,Posted: 18 February,all,志雷's Sphere,"""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""""A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu.""GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF UBISOFTAnd Retard matchmaking.I WILL NEVER BUY UBISOFT GAME AGAIN."
76561198024599399,Recommended,304390,33272178,Posted: 5 July,all,Baron,"I wish I had bought this game sooner!Hands down the deepest and most intricate melee combat I've seen in any game. It manages to be tactical, but still fast paced and smooth. The world is also beautiful, and the fighting styles for each character/weapon type are all very unique.I think I know why this game has gotten so many negative reviews lately, so I want to break that down in this review.Slashers have high skill ceilings and steep learning curves. Dark Messiah Might & Magic Multiplayer, Pirates Vikings and Knights II, War of the Roses, Age of Chivalry, the thing these games all have in common is that an experienced player could reliably deflect the attacks of an inexperienced player.When most people are used to shooters, where being good still doesn't mean you can stop bullets, this can be a very frustrating change of pace for some people. Top that off with the fact that For Honor has a character progression system. You level up and get new skills and better equipment, etc. For people familiar with games where there is armor and swords, getting better armor and swords and leveling up is pretty standard. But not everyone is used to that.And where the negative reviews really come in, is that they've basically added a way to exchange dollars for experience and currency. Now, for people who play MMOs, the concept of a subscription offering premium membership, or using an in game store to purchase boosters, this isn't all that crazy. But for people who don't, top that off with the fact that more skilled players are easily defeating them, and thats where all the frustration comes in. So people cry pay to win, not realizing how important it is to parry and dodge and play defensively and tactically in these types of games. They rush in and slash away and get cut down by veterans and teamwork, but blame equipment.If you enjoy deep melee combat, I strongly urge you to buy this game. (The melee is even better than The Witcher 3, its that good) - personally I think its worth it even at full price, because it is quite simply the best in the genre at this time.I give it 9/10. -1 because the single player story options are short, basic, and linear. They're fun because the combat is so good, but I'd love to actually take my own character out exploring, and do SP or Co-Op pve content. Hopefully in the future this is something they'll add.Its Ubisoft, so they certainly have the funds and manpower to add innovative new content like that."
76561198056835285,Not Recommended,304390,29974908,Posted: 16 February,all,Garam Orange,Quite literally unplayable. Impossible to find a match even after port forwarding and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seems like a nice game but i never got to play it and cant recommend until server issues are fixed (Thanks for the refund btw)
,Recommended,304390,30280138,Posted: 2 March,all,kxnlet,"I see a lot of reviews criticizing the servers and the greediness of Ubisoft with this title, but what I fail to see is that the campaign alone is entertaining enough for the initial price. After completing the campaigns and playing several hour of multiplayer, I definitely want to recommend this game in it's current state. The combat is super fun, but with online I would suggest not playing if you don't have a decent connection. This game's combat is very fast-paced and the seconds preceeding death can be extremely important.Whereas the greediness of Ubisoft is upsetting, it's not been game-breaking for me and honestly such a beautiful and interactive work of art feels like it deserves the money it receives.The combat with a keyboard/mouse is one of the most interactive systems I've ever seen. Moving the mouse in different directions almost could be considered muscle memory, and after some training it really shows. I'm going to spend many more hours in this game, and as always having friends join you is a definite plus.I am Donald Trump, and I approve this message."
,Recommended,304390,29964602,Posted: 16 February,all,Knight of Rosen,"Played 14 hours of it in oneday, think it's safe to say I enjoy this game."
76561198036854506,Not Recommended,304390,33961246,Posted: 1 August,all,LandY,"This game gets even more garbage through each new update. Way too many nerfs and some heroes are way to strong. Some heroes can't even compete against other heroes with the lack of moves set. So many unbalances too. This literally feels like playing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Free to Play game because of the fact that there are literally no other game modes, why does gear even matter for dmg, and unrealistic combat. Everyone knows how to counter each class now and it's getting extremely boring. There's no competion and there's no fun when you have hit markers showing where players are going to attack. No realism game mode or no game with no gear in affects is why I hate this game even more. There's no challenge. It's like playing an arcade game. If you think about buying this game, save it for Battlefield 1 or go buy GTAIV or something. Not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ $60 dollar game. Not worth your time and money. Ubisoft just sucks."
,Recommended,304390,33711141,Posted: 21 July,all,JohnnyShitKnuckles,"This game is good. However, its very skill based. If you don't want to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you while you learn the game, you're gonna have a bad time."
,Not Recommended,304390,29984023,Posted: 17 February,all,💙 Furry Favkis Nexerade 💙,">2017 year>no ragdollsHell, it has 1 death animation for every time of killing (means 3 to each character) and even after than dead body disappears!Why the hell this is so hard for people to make ragdolls?"
76561197988388287,Not Recommended,304390,30130022,Posted: 23 February,all,Lint 9000,"after getting to rep 6 all i can see that happens is that you either get thrown off the map, 2v1ed or you just get spam stunned and can't do a thing about it. For honor is by far the biggest pile of steaming s#@t I honestly hope that ubisoft goes bancrupt so they can never again make such a cancer riddled game that is based on luck not skill.Sooo s#@t im going to write another paragraph on how s#@t it is. Honesty calling it a S#@t game is an insult to the world s#@t, i have more respect for s#@t i would rather take home a massive pile of s#@t to show my family, and say its my GF then spend another sec on this broken, diarrhoea, faeces riddled pile of s#@t it is beyond without any reasonable doubt £40 WASTED. uninstall works well so 0.01/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,31812277,Posted: 17 May,all,Bert,I cannot believe I gave Ubisoft a single dollar for this absolute tripe.Do not waste a penny on this trash game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30000769,Posted: 17 February,all,Peasnug,"Ubisoft has potato servers, and this game is yet another ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥stain"
,Recommended,304390,29952050,Posted: 15 February,all,Ersatz,"Put 18 hours into the open beta, and I definitely don't regret my purchase, 9 hours into the full game. The singleplayer, while not having the most gripping story, is fairly well written with good voice acting. The game has few balance issues, but, most complaints about balance can get chalked up to ""get good"". If you want a deep fighting game with a unique combat system, gorgeous visuals, and you can handle a loss or 2, I can't recommend For Honor enough.EDIT: After more hours in the game, I feel like I should touch on something I didn't. The matchmaking, and connection errors. The connection errors can be ridiculous, as games can just be a flip of a coin whether you'd finish it or get booted for no reason other than ""Ubisoft"". There are also many times where you are queued with players with levels in the single digit, while facing off against teams of multiple-prestiged players. Ubisoft really needs to fix these issues if the game's going to be around longterm, which it should, since the game mechanics are stellar. Despite these connection issues, and matchmaking issues, I still recommend the game, since when it works, boy it works."
,Recommended,304390,29948169,Posted: 15 February,all,slave master,"This game is a great game BUT, if you're not into fighting games then this game is probably not for you. People who say For Honor is not a fighting game is lying to themselves. In my opinion For Honor is best played in 1v1 or 2v2 duels. If you're only looking for a singleplayer you should really consider buying another game. The reason I enjoy For Honor so much is because I love the combat and I'm a really competitive player so I only play 1v1 or 2v2 cause duels are like a figthing game and most competitive. Right now I'm just waiting for ranked to release so I can start playing for real.I hope this helped someone."
,Not Recommended,304390,31188963,Posted: 16 April,all,Mercmanaa12,"Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, Light attack, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable, Grapple, unblockable"
76561197998781473,Not Recommended,304390,34966617,Posted: 15 September,all,GustavoNuncho,"Literally the worst purchase you can make.文字通り最悪の購入をすることができます。Буквально худшая покупка, которую вы можете сделать.Wörtlich der schlimmste Kauf, den du machen kannst.字面上最糟糕的购买，你可以做。Literalmente la peor compra que puedes hacer.Letterlijk de ergste aankoop die u kunt maken.Nghĩa là mua hàng tồi tệ nhất bạn có thể thực hiện.Letteralmente l'acquisto peggiore che puoi fare.သငျသညျကိုဖြစ်စေနိုင်ပါတယ်စာသားအဆိုးဆုံးဝယ်ယူ။حرفيا أسوأ شراء يمكنك جعل."
,Not Recommended,304390,34183185,Posted: 11 August,all,Slyckz,At least its better then Dayz.
76561198042097940,Recommended,304390,30042101,Posted: 19 February,all,Marirow,"Frankly most of the people here are giving this game a bad rap because of its connectivity issues, which I haven't had many problems with.The peer-to-peer connection can be a little annoying at times-- stalling the game whenever somebody connects and sometimes kicking people out of servers for no reason-- but if you have a stable internet connection these won't be massive problems. (Seriously, the amount of people who are complaining about an online-only game not working with their $5 router is staggering.)On the gameplay side of the fence, everything's fine. The game is a comfortable mix of fighting game sensibilities with 3rd-person action game controls ala Dark Souls. Do be prepared for a bit of a difficulty curve while you're first learning the controls. I recommend doing one-on-one bot duels until you're comfortable controlling a character you like. There are a variety of gamemodes, the heroes are all fairly balanced, and the bots are actually good enough to warrant playing against them instead of other humans-- whether that warrants $60 to you or not is up to you."
76561198081686647,Recommended,304390,32244196,Posted: 7 June,all,Klod,"With all its flawes it is still an amazing fighting game. I only speak for the duels aspekt of the game. Team vs team I dont not enjoy so much.The game recieved a lot of hate lately, but consider this: Devs never claimed that the game is in it's final stage. It is a long process to make a game good, especially this kind of game, which is very sensitive to balance changes.I do recomend this game."
76561198321401458,Not Recommended,304390,29941071,Posted: 15 February,all,jbrock11,"I would give this game a good review because the combat is fun but after grinding to a level 2 rep ( roughly level 40 ) there was really no incentive to do it. I was hoping that the higher level I got I'd start seeing more advanced loot but no. You basically get the same stuff over and over. It'd be awesome if they had tons of different equipment but there really are only about 3 per character. It just really takes all the fun out of it when basically all you're grinding for is stuff to make your character look different. Maybe if there is a free DLC that increases the equipment significantly, I'd recommend it but as it stands right now, it's not worth 59.99.Rating = 6/10"
,Recommended,304390,32044448,Posted: 29 May,all,Admiral Longcock,"I love this game. Don't be dissuaded by the people posting negative reviews, most of them are salty because of some perceived slight or another. Do I rage constantly at this game? Yes. But For Honor makes me care about it and its future, and the highs I get from playing make the rages and the cancerous exploiters seem insignificant.Also, very few players get disconnected and the ones that do are just a vocal minority"
76561198073677743,Not Recommended,304390,31497922,Posted: 1 May,all,John2,I honestly feel bad for my computer for installing such filth.
,Not Recommended,304390,29917085,Posted: 14 February,all,-TaU-,"""Purchases made in this region will only receive the English, Russian, and Simplified Chinese languages.""Please beware that this is false! You will only be getting the Russian or the Simplified Chinese language, not English. Good luck trying to figure out how to change the language when launching the game for the first time because it's all in Russian. You won't be able to change the language till you return to the main menu."
,Recommended,304390,31962724,Posted: 25 May,all,BoofBall™,"The game is full of issues but the pure gameplay of 1v1 mode is so amazing, intuitive, addictive, that i think thats its worth it"
,Recommended,304390,32152272,Posted: 3 June,all,Artificial Violence,"For Honor is by far one of the best games i've ever played.Pros:Beautiful graphicsinnovative combat systemthriving mulitplayer communityGreat setting with knights/vikings/samurai factions that each player can be a part ofgreat customization for every characterCons:easy to learn hard to master combat system (thats a con if youre just now getting into the game)devs could care less about youmatchmaking can be long at times (saw somebody right they waited 10 full minutes to a half hour, this has never happened to medue to ubisofts peer 2 peer server system drops, and resyncing does happen and it does get annoying but is far from game breaking.with the release of season 2 came the release of 2 new dlc characters (that you can buy with ingame currency)these characters play much differently then season 1 characters and in many ways i do agree with the people giving negative reviews about them being OPAll in all, For honor is an amazing game, that has its bugs but im confident the souless devs at ubisoft will get around to fixing the issues (which arent that major) even if its just to dip its hands in more wallets"
76561197991694157,Recommended,304390,29990069,Posted: 17 February,all,DarkVolter,"Great Indepth Gameplay.Pros -  Unique and Fresh; This fighting game is supposed to be a shooter with the analog stick, Must play the Story and the 1v1 and 2v2 to get the very best of this game that  it is deep to chew on.Con - 4v4 is horriable that grinds the teeth. Got buddies and more then two? Well you are forced to play 4v4 of choatic and damaging knuck fest. This is the bad side of this game, disrespectable to the name of the game ""For Honor"". Otherwise have fun spamming the 4v1, 4v2, 3v1, 3v2 and 2v1 and we all know who you really are out there!Overall it is a must play for it's Story and the Duels from the online aspect, don't forget to play against the friends of Honorable fighting!"
76561198193261959,Not Recommended,304390,30010997,Posted: 18 February,all,Vectivus,"no.- peer to peer.- microtransactions.- peacekeeper.- a linear story with literally zero content which is played on the same maps for the multiplayer modes. ZERO effort.- ""£40 game"" with a maximum of £20 content.- clunky combat- community is toxic and has little to no honor.- no ranked gamemode in full release.- £30 useless DLC- ridiculous matchmaking, you'll be a level 1 vs full prestige level 100 gearoverall, this game is BAD. needs another 3 years of development LULEDIT 1: i have played 30 hours on open beta and that was more stable than the actual gameEDIT 2: not investing into an ubisoft game for a very LONGG time"
,Not Recommended,304390,33833141,Posted: 27 July,all,Shadow,"This game has failed to prove its worth for the steam community.Pros:-Good graphics and beautiful scenery-Visuals are great-Thrilling combat-Actually a good storyCons:-Can be hard to learn when you first play-Not worth sixty dollars-Lack of updates-Bugs & known glitches-Basically no support-Overpriced• UNIQUE WARRIORS TO MASTERChoose your warrior amongst a variety of bold Knights, brutal Vikings and deadly Samurai, each with their own weapon set, play style, and customization options.• MEMORABLE STORY CAMPAIGNStorm castles and fortresses in massive battles and confront deadly bosses in intense duels to ensure the survival of your people against a mysterious and deadly foe.• CONQUER FOES ALONE OR WITH FRIENDSFor Honor offers an engaging single-player campaign and thrilling multiplayer.• INNOVATIVE ART OF BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEMWield the weight of your weapon and feel the power of every strike through the system that puts you in total control.UI: 6/10Player Toxicity: 9/10Updates 2/10Optimization: 1/10Support: 1/10Feedback: 4/10The reason I got this game was for the gameplay."
76561197970085142,Recommended,304390,32242236,Posted: 7 June,all,thejonoox,"Okay, so the first thing you're probably going to read about this game is how horrible it is, but those reviews couldn't be further from the truth.  I've been playing this game since the closed beta, and while there are some slight balance issues and the occasional disconnect, this game is much better than it was a few months ago.  I love this game.  The action is nonstop.  The challenge is a perfect balance.  It's easy enough to get some enjoyment out of for novices while also providing a high skill ceiling as you go up in level.  The developers stream their updates and news weekly, and regularly respond to player feedback.  While the base on Steam may have dwindled slightly, the base on console is still going strong.  I would very highly recommend this game to any gamer as it provides so many interesting and unique ways to play."
76561197991932924,Not Recommended,304390,29933837,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,Got the 99 dollar pack after finding a few tips from a friend game became easy mode as hell and down right simple. Along with in game micro trans is just to much for a game
,Recommended,304390,30377727,Posted: 7 March,all,gabe,"Hey everyone, gabe here and today i'm going to reviewing the game for honor, now for honor is a game that was released by sega in 2017 for the pc, ps4, xbox one, sega genesis, it's the only game on the ps vita and i believe that there's a version that's only being installed and select elevators in spokane washington. After the genius that went intosonic the hedgehog. Sega was doing great but then sega CEO matsutake steakhouse decided to make this ♥♥♥♥ing game.You see for honor was conceptualized (*allegedly) to be an open world story driven platformer so when i purchased this game for $50 at target. I expected something big especially from the same company that made sonic unleashed.However for honor is a massive disappointment to me. Every single thing about for honor is clearly wrong. The graphics are garbage, if you compare it to other games that came out last year, the difference is enormous. Like look at assassin's creed or fallout 4 or seinfeld. You look at seinfeld and it's like boom the graphics are spectacular, they're like so realistic. Meanwhile you look at this game and there's like 12 pixels total and its atrocious. Furthermore the story is the most boring thing in the world that takes place in this world i think the world itself is called honor i think that's what they're doing but the thing is nothing ever happens in for honor land. it's just it's the most boring thing ever, like what kind of game doesn't have a good story like what the hell, what is this. As if the boring story wasn't bad enough the voice acting for the characters is abysmal. The lines are delivered with a jarring lack of emotion to the point where the characters are so devoid of, any life that their lines are virtually non existent. There's little to no character development so when a character dies i feel no empathy whatsoever. I mean when i bought this game for a $100 at walmart, i expected just a tad more effort to be put into this i mean come on, In the world is so tiny i mean come on usually in good games. The world is like so big and its like whoa look at how a big the place is, i can like walk anywhere and it's so big and it's cool. Well in for honor that isn't the case at all, as a matter of fact it's quite the opposite. You wanna see here and i just show you how big the map is in for honor, all right here we go, boom. That's it the whole map the end, it's like sega, matsutake like what the hell man did you even think when you release this, come on. When i bought this game for $200 at gamestop i thought that there would be some level of freedom you know something interesting, in the big wide open land. You look at a good game like ride to hell retribution you can go everywhere, it's like this big open space to ride around in and everybody loved that game. But instead you made for honor and you went and disappointed me miyamoto.I will give sega some credit though, the character roster is pretty diverse. You got characters of all the different races you got an asian guy, you got a fat guy, a viking guy, black guy and i think it's just fantastic that sega is doing this while in today's world pretty much all video games protagonists are white. I honestly can't think of a single protagonist in recent video games that hasn't been white and i think its really high time for somebody to just stand up. But even still you can see the obvious bias over sega. While the character roster is quite diverse, the cast is completely composed of MALES. I mean look at that come on it's obviously a dude i mean like come one, look at it. Furthermore the characters are all clearly disgusting projections of the male fantasy. I mean look at at this look at this unrealistic standards, that they're setting for males it's just disgusting. How come there is not a character like a whale huh? How come? come on miyazaki get it together. When i bought this game for $400 at eb games i didn't think that i would be subjected to such injustices as this is outrageous morikami. The soundtrack is just terrible, its just an auto tuned version   of an episode of everybody loves raymond. What the hell kind of music is this sega is this what i should expect from an $800 game that i bought from jcpenny and you know what else the title is misleading as hell, no one has any honor.WHEN I BOUGHT THIS game for my nephew for $1000 at burger king, i thought it was going to be a game about milking goats and distributing the goat's milk to various vendors all around the world. You know that's why it would be called for honor naturally BUT INSTEAD I GOT THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME ABOUT KNIGHTS! I mean come on sega it's like you're not even trying. This is obviously a thinly veiled ripoff of the popular video game minecraft which as we all know was inspired by the popular book series mien camp.NOW MUCH♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHEN I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR $4000 FROM AN UMBRELLA SALESMAN ON A NEW YORK STREET CORNER I EXPECTED THAT i would lose 40 pounds, gain a bunch of confidence and get girlfriend but look what happened ♥♥♥♥ing NOTHING!!!! I'm still in my room, i no self esteem and I'M WRITING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ VIDEO GAMES REVIEWS FOR THE GAME FOR HONOR! You know what ELSE SUCKS ABOUT THIS GAME, ♥♥♥♥ing look at that p2p, it's horrible look at it. Now when i bought for honor for $40,000. I thought that i wouldn't have herpes anymore and that i would STOP CHRONICALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MYSELF IN PUBLIC, well unfortunately for the poor janitor at THE SEARS THAT DIDNT ♥♥♥♥ING HAPPENED AT ALL. Look the title has a vowel in it I HATE titles with vowels in them and WHEN I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR 3 PAYMENTS, $300,000 AND A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR THAT ONE GUY AT THE LOCAL FARMERS MARKET. I THOUGHT THAT I WOULD GAIN the mutant power of telekinesis but when i threw that baby off that cliff and told the mother that i would catch it right before it hit the ground SUPRISE SURPRISE FOR HONOR IT DIDNT ♥♥♥♥ING HAPPEN, YOU WANNA KNOW WHY BECAUSE WHEN I BOUGHT FOR HONOR FOR THE DEED TO MY HOUSE A KILOGRAM OF PURE GOLD, 40 CATTLE AND my first born SON FROM A STREET VENDOR IN THE MIDDLE OF SOUTH AFRICA.Who promised that his magic would change my life forever. I expected to not get fired from my job, not to get arrested for throwing a baby off a cliff and for my life to have some sort of meaning again. I EXPECT THAT I WOULD HAVE SOME PURPOSE IN LIFE OTHER THAN MAKING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ REVIEWS ABOUT VIDEO GAMES THAT I DON'T LIKE. Because they don't cater to every single thing that I WANT, YOU KNOW WHAT ♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR HONOR IT DIDNT ♥♥♥♥ING HAPPENED YOU ♥♥♥♥NG SUCK FOR HONOR. YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO CHANGE EVERYTHING YOU SUPPOSED to ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ER ♥♥♥♥ER ♥♥♥♥.So overall it gets a 8 out 10, pretty good game."
76561197964717705,Recommended,304390,29998827,Posted: 17 February,all,Vex,"This game truly doesn't deserve the amount of mixed reviews it is getting. It seems too many are joining the herd and blindly hating on Ubisoft, for past games or microtransactions or w/e, even when they sometimes put out great games like this one. For Honor has some of the best combat/gameplay with wonderful graphics to top it off.This game is more polished in its multiplayer than Dark Souls and feels a lot more tight in handling (even with the P2P connectivity) than Dark Souls ever did. There are not nearly as many lagstabs here as there is way better netcoding. The campaign is a good intro the the terrific multiplayer that will keep many of us engaged for a long time. All I'm saying is don't spew hate before you try the game or spew hate if you suck at the PVP aspect of it."
,Recommended,304390,32404500,Posted: 13 June,all,Ho1low,"I think its time for me to make a review of this game because of the ridiculous amounts of people bashing it for server issues, characters imbalances and other things. Yes believe it or not the game isn't perfect and personally i think it deserves some breathing room considering its a brand new ip and also a fighting game so there is gonna be character imbalances and that can't be helped in the early stages of this game. Apparently most people think that the devs are just sitting on their asses all day doing nothing, but thats far from the truth updates are released containing bug fixes, character balances and over all updates on the state of the game. The game has potential and its gonna take awhile before its ""perfect"" your either gonna love this game or hate it, I ♥♥♥♥ing love it, just based off the concept there is no other game out there like this. Who doesn't love medieval fighting? Its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Look at Rainbow Six Siege during the launch and many months following after it the playerbase was very small but after the Skull Rain update many players returned and its a popular esport right now.  I plan on putting tons more hours into this game and supporting it like I hope many others will. Also just as a disclaimer before buying this YOUR GOING TO RAGE, there is a learning curve and even after that people can pull ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on you ITS GONNA HAPPEN. The biggest downfall of this game is the playerbase  the majority is full of toxic people who just like making trouble. The game needs work but its a promising concept and if you like medieval styled combat you'll love this."
,Not Recommended,304390,29940253,Posted: 15 February,all,pufffish,Ubisoft more like ubishit.
76561198293131533,Not Recommended,304390,29916525,Posted: 14 February,all,KoizumiRikka,"THERE IS NO ENGLISH.Why should I bear poorly translated languages just because I live in China and speak Chinese?For Ubisoft's BEST tradition of regional discrimination?Or should I take the risk and pay more than two hundreds RMB yuan just for an English option?I fully understand the purpose of selling an incomplete version of the game.Therefore I have no reason to tolerate these measures that cut down my game experience, while the reason of which has nothing to do with me.Of course I can avoid buying the game and do sth more meaningful than constantly being killed by the AI players.But this game is so damn fun, so the only option for me is to buy the game, and write a negative review.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well,thanks for reminding me.""Purchases made in this region will only receive the English, Russian, and Simplified Chinese languages.""Ubisoft claimed that I would receive English language,but English text was nowhere to be found."
76561198165734754,Recommended,304390,30596805,Posted: 18 March,all,shadowspecialist,Amazing and Unique game. Still has a few problems but nothing that takes away from the true nature of the game.
,Recommended,304390,30584403,Posted: 17 March,all,Xylak,"Overall a very fun game. The combat is complex enough to be able to make an entire game out of, with plenty of tutorials and tips given by the game that teach players almost everything they need to know in order to succeed. Maybe not in ultra high levels, but low to relatively high, it'll teach pretty much everything. The animations are all very good, the graphics and art style of the game are great, and the classes each feel unique yet balanced enough with the mechanics in the game to make it so that one isn't so blatantly overpowered that nothing will ever win against it, at least in 1v1 and 2v2 where gear stats don't matter at all. There are only 4 major problems with the game as far as I can tell.The first is as you've probably heard at this point, the servers. Specifically the lack of any and instead using peer to peer matchmaking. As of now this means there's almost no penalty for just quitting out of a losing game and sending literally everyone back to the main menu, as well as fairly long times to set up a match. This ultimately means waiting 3 or 4 minutes while it hopefully connects you to a game where you can easily have any of the 2-8 players quit and send everyone back for another session of waiting for matchmaking. Ultimately this is the biggest and most talked about problem because its such an issue it overshadows all the others.The second is kind of obvious for an online game, but the salt of other players is fairly high. I've only played a few online matches at this point, but as far as I can tell its pretty bad since half of them had very angry players in chat. For example, I was playing a 4v4 against bots to finish a quest the game gives you. So I killed the bot it spawned me near and went to look to help my other teammates. One was getting his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him, so I run over to him and help him. But he didn't see it that way and claimed I was ""kill stealing."" Keep in mind this is against bots, kills ultimately don't matter outside of the end result of win vs loss, and he was getting the crap beaten out of him by fairly mediocre AI. I thought he might be joking so I went to help out again as he was getting mauled, and he kept typing ""♥♥♥♥ YOU"" in all caps over and over. He quit the match shortly after (if it wasn't against bots we would've been sent back to the main menu but instead he was replaced by a bot until another player could join). This was only my third or fourth match in this game, low level and against bots, and its been that bad already, which seems worrisome for higher levels against real players with bigger stakes.The third is the story mode. There really isn't much of one. There doesn't need to be necessarily, since games like overwatch don't even have a story mode and yet are good enough by multiplayer and character design themselves to get players interested in lore and whatnot, but this one has one and outside of being a tutorial is overall bland. The plot is utterly boring, and most of the levels are just fighting hordes of bots that can admittedly be very challenging especially on higher levels like ""realistic."" Speaking of, realistic mode is so difficult because it ups the AI's abilities to being able to parry nearly every attack, defend against everything else, and takes away your UI that you've been relying on up to this point to inform you of where to block and attack. This can be useful for helping you prepare against certain characters' abilities in other modes, but outside of that is utterly pointless save for a few cosmetics and achievements for beating the game on that difficulty. However outside of ""realistic"" mode, the story mode is laughably easy, with ""hard"" being a breeze to go through. My first time playing it I chose hard mode and expected to get wrecked, only to find that it was far too easy outside a couple more difficult levels of the game that were infuriating on realisitc.The 4th is more of a personal gripe, but I haven't found any way to set up a 1v1 against a friend. I tried to find one but there wasn't any way as far as I can see in the menu for 1v1 to do so, and there doesn't appear to be a custom match option, which is very dissapointing. I was hoping to show my friend some tips and tricks that the tutorials in-game only briefly touch on, and had no chance to.Like I've said, its very fun. But at the same time the issues I've listed are definitely important to consider. If there was a ""wait and see"" or neutral recommendation, I'd probably be more likely to hit that, but overall the game is good enough and the issues I've had have been small enough, that I feel comfortable recommending it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30575781,Posted: 17 March,all,Reirue,"A beautiful game with a ton of potential that is massively fun to play when it actually works. Sadly it is currently plagued by serious connection issues in terms of lag, issues connecting to matches, and issues even connecting to the game itself.After 2 restarts, a half hour of online searching, and a bunch of 'fixes' I'm still unable to even sign into the game to play single player. On the plus side, that gave me time to write this review!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30185767,Posted: 25 February,all,LeBron James,"PROS:Amazing game, one of the best combat systems I've ever had the pleasure of using. Stunning graphics, relatively balanced machanics. With proper updates, patch balances and active supervision by Ubisoft this can be a very serious competitive game. Perhaps even e-sports...CONS:HOWEVER, due to inadequate support by Ubisoft the servers (p2p) instead of dedicated servers... in 2017.. Yes. And more importantly, the constant downtime/connection errors. I have been left no choice but to post a negative review and encourage no one else to purchase the game until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Enough UBISOFT, BUY DEDICATED SERVERS.LISTEN TO YOUR COMMUNITYGET DEDICATED SERVERSSTOP THE  F@#$!ing DOWNTIME"
76561198065271496,Recommended,304390,30003248,Posted: 18 February,all,alberdabro,"Protection of virginity - 10/10On a more serious note:For preliminary clarification: I have not encountered any bugs in the game, nor encountered any problems with the Ubisoft start-up. I would recommend this game with limitation. It has an intriguing but predictable storyline which can be quite hard. The multiplayer is quite intriguing and has a slight strategic element to it. The combat however, is the best combat system I have ever played on, better than Dark Souls, Witcher, etc. This combat system has a lot of strategy and skill built up in it: and once you've got down the basics, it gets heck fun. This is utter perfection when it comes to multiplayer gameplay if you enjoy Battlefield or Call of Duty. Like every online multiplayer, there's a huge learning curve, but it's fun regardless. However, nearly everyone who plays is respectable toward one another in the comments. The player vs. player duels are always a ton of fun, and the sportmanship is incredible in it.Overall: Personally, I thoroughly enjoy this game. I always like strategy/personal combat of Mount & Blade but the combat system was a quite hard for me to get down, even after the 200 hours I have in it. This game's combat system is similar to Mount & Blade's, yet much better. The money system (steel) is also extremely balanced and utilizable. The combat system is easy to learn, provided you start with warden, raider, or kensei. The only negative side of this game for me personally is getting bloodword. It gets tiring, so every once in a while I have to do some Civ. Regardless, I would rate 9/10EDIT:Just kidding. Get into it a few days and the other players online are rude and nasty. Otherwise would still recommend."
,Not Recommended,304390,30183572,Posted: 25 February,all,●MLG● Baton :D,I've played r6s for a long time and struggled from server issues and now this f**king game is doing the same thing. There is lways servers issues and the day I am writing the comment all the servers went down so you can't even play this b**ch asssss game.
,Recommended,304390,29995185,Posted: 17 February,all,I Lost My Bagel,"Very Souls-like, rewarding combat. The current connection issues can be fairly annoying, but are easily dismissed. Overall, I'd give a 7/10, but higher if the connection issues were completely fixed."
,Not Recommended,304390,30534155,Posted: 15 March,all,Mr.MeeSeeks,"Did you know that full priced games could still be pay-to-win? I didn't, until I played ""For Honor""."
,Not Recommended,304390,30534633,Posted: 15 March,all,ECILOPCAV,"badest game i've ever played since.. i dont know? 10, maybe 15 years?it starts with an outrageous overpriced price for ""just 59,99€"" and comes with an not properly well working friend systems, which actually buggs most of the time and cause you to play alone and throws your mates out.even if you can join 6/10 games the host breaks the game or get d/c errors and the game hangs up > only way to fix it:crash the game over taskmanager and start a new session. wowevery time you can successfully join and play a game: you get matched as a new player with low level and no gear level you get a full team of prestige 6 or even higher with skillgear ~100this will get you so fast tilted that you will begin to increase your inner suicidial thoughts minute by minute.memory minutes: 60€ for ♥♥♥♥ed up & buggy p2p game which makes no fun and you cannot even win because of this unbalanced♥♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking system. i want my money back.ps: ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft"
76561198059385940,Not Recommended,304390,30549369,Posted: 16 March,all,Talkin Fishbone,"Pros: Great combat system, Interesting concept.Cons: Gear is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, New players aren't welcome (because of gear lvls), Bleed is a system, and the ""minions"" are useless.I came into this game from Dark Souls 3, I saw that it focused on multiplayer pvp and that caught my attention. I went into the game expecting a good and thought out pvp system and for the most part that is what I got.However, the4v4 multiplayeris broken. The gear levels that people have abtained so quickly is atrocious. Gear allows people to gain advantages in battle, such as increased attack or defense, (the higher gear rating the better). If you want to consider working on multiple characters, then you are at a severe disadvantage since the gear is only obtained to certain characters (and gear is based on character prestige). You want that purple rarity of gear? Welp, better buckle in for 20 hours just to get to prestige 3 on 1 character. Maybe then you will reach gear lvl 60 and hate yourself some more.I don't mind the environmental kills or the throwing like most people ♥♥♥♥♥ about, I only find that bleed is incredibly broken. Once you get stabbed by a move that causes bleed, there is nothing that you can do about it (it's especially fun once you get teamed up by two people who have bleed capabilities). If the devs had bleed NOT kill, then it would be rather balanced (in my opinion at least).For a lighter tone let's talk about the gameplay.On 1v1 scenarios the PVP feels amazing and fulid, requiring you to measure your opponent and react quickly to what they throw at you. It's like a rather intense game of chess, only it involves beefy men and swords. From what I experienced in 1v1s, the characters feel balanced to one another, and the outcome mostly comes down to the player's skill. Yet, when 1v2s or 1v4s come into play, the combat starts to feel sluggish and uncooperative (at that point the game doesn't really start to be fun anymore). The devs put the system of ""revenge"" in, but it's an incomplete solution.In conclusion the game's pvp is relatively well handled and fluid. However the pvp is undermined by gear levels, frequent ganking, and the ""bleed system"". The game is worth checking out for it's combat system and intense pvp, but isn't worth the full price of $60."
76561198073306501,Not Recommended,304390,30547366,Posted: 16 March,all,Enigma,"So I have mixed feelings about this game.  I still play it daily, but as it stands, I will not recommend it to anyone.  Here are the pros and cons.Pros:-Great graphics-Smooth gameplay-Great combat system-Nice RPG element-Skill basedCons:-Connectivity issues-A very barebone game, not much content as of now.-Micro transactions in a 60 dollar game-Not Samurai vs Vikings vs Knights that I was promised.So, I'm going to say, the game is great, it just isn't a full game worth 60 dollars.   If you can get it for maybe 30 dollars, I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30334855,Posted: 5 March,all,Coughing,Game hadd potential but was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by ubisofts greed its literally Impossible to play 1 match without disconnecting witch means you wont eran anything so you cant even progress and every match Ive been to where it has been 4v4 1 on either team has been replaced by a bot making it unfair from the start what makes that worse is the usual playstyle of evryone in the game its usua to end up in 1v2 or 1v3 or even 1v4 scenariosjoin me my friends and boikot ubisoft
76561198031696218,Not Recommended,304390,30530219,Posted: 15 March,all,Ogrith Dour,"Rant at the bottom.Do not purchase. Game is unplayable thanks to poor and sometimes complete inability to connect or stay connected to a game. Been stubbornly trying for 4 hours and was only able to complete 2 matches. Even went to all the trouble of learning how to open my ports with  nothing to show for it.Begin rant.Alright Ubisoft. You win. You have succesfully stolen from me. No matter how much I've learned about managing my ports, altering my IP and managing my firewall in the past couple of days, no matter how much effort I put into attempting to fix the broken game you happily took  my cash for, will I be able to turn your blatant thievery around for myself.You took advantage of Steams horrid refund policy. You will, no doubt, sell your next scam of a title to thousands if not millions of players who refuse to see you for what you are. You will suffer no consequence for this. You are stupendously lucky in that your company exists in such an age where you can get away with this outrageous abuse.The only justice I can possibly hope for is that, at some point down the line, those of you who create and enable these deceptive practices, grow a concience. And you look on in horror as your own child, grand-child and other such loved ones, fall prey to these same cons, perfected and allowed to continue by you in years past. See the glimmer of joy dimmer behind their eyes as their trust in their fellow man dies a little more with each such affront to what should have been a simple moment of fun. Watch as their hearts become hard and bitter, because accepting how hard life already is, it still proved to be too much to ask for you and people like you to simply not be a cheat."
76561198087810404,Not Recommended,304390,30576573,Posted: 17 March,all,Ap0calopsy,"The good:- I really like the combat system- The graphics are very nice- You can really feel personal progress as your getting better at the gameThe bad- Class balancing is horrible- Way too many connections issues- Very repetitive- Skills are too powerfullIn the end i decided to stop playing after 85 houres of playtime, the game was just too frustrating for me, class and gear imbalance, skills that wipe your team, Getting trown off ledges, the defensive meta. It all just sucked the fun out of it for me."
,Recommended,304390,30254631,Posted: 28 February,all,shadowcody47,It's really really good when it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing suck
76561198028303648,Recommended,304390,29993850,Posted: 17 February,all,Wait N Bleeeed,gud game
,Not Recommended,304390,30339975,Posted: 5 March,all,Sg.Blitzkrieg,"♥♥♥♥ this game, keep losing connection while having strong internet, and why release a game when the♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game isn't sorted out yet, I demand a ♥♥♥♥in refund!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29931002,Posted: 14 February,all,Raca Bro Anthony,"I really like this game, the fighting is great and very strategic. There is a Huge problem with this game and thats the LACK of DEDICATED SERVERS. They really cheaped out with that. Please fix! I'd change my review if they did that one thing."
,Recommended,304390,30112551,Posted: 22 February,all,Richard Rear,"This game only gets a positive review because I want people to keep playing/buying it so ubisoft will address the current issues. My unprofessional opion is that there are a few easy fixes that would hugely improve a game with SO much potential. These issues are:-No deticated servers (completely inexcusable in any full price game in 20 ♥♥♥♥ing 17)-Environmental cheese being so easy to pull off: Why is the combo that does a quarter of the opponets health harder to land than the insta-kills?-Revenge: There has to be a better way to balance 1v2's or 1v3's or 2v4's or so on, and if their isn't then it's not worth having in the game.This is because this game is a pure fighting game under the guise of some kinda of open world or arena game. There are of course larger issues with balance and such, but those would be easier to address if these things were taken care of. That being said, it IS a rewarding and fun experience in you're playing against good sports who just want to sword fight like badasses! :)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30193273,Posted: 26 February,all,Rick James,"Spent alot of the 7 hrs I have waiting in lobbies only to be disconnected, cannot play the full game on 100mbit cable. Matchmaking is wrecked, Im sure its an awesome game, one that i could get into but its rubbish atm. Asked for refund but they do not refund games with over 2 hrs play time. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY."
,Recommended,304390,30118848,Posted: 23 February,all,Wava,Nice game at all.But but but but butt butt it's would be great if we get more stable server and not peer to peer [i hope so]---------------------------------------------------- U know it's ubsoft----------------------------------------------------------
,Not Recommended,304390,30071304,Posted: 20 February,all,Shaku,"Pro and Cons near the bottomAs of 2/20, I would like to say that the combat of this game is very genuinely unique. The combat is fantastic, and I adore reaction based games like this. Duels and brawls (1v1 and 2v2) are my favorite modes in this game, as it feels like the connection feels pretty solid. From a viewers standpoint, I could understand how it seems like a boring game, but when you get your hands on the controller, it's very different. Blocking, dodging, parrying, reflecting, all very important mechanics to the game.I will say that it seems like match making is very poor. I feel like most of my battles are always either a huge stomp, or a huge loss. There's a very rare inbetween. This is also really apparent in 4v4 where gear/feats matter. Speaking of which...4v4 is where it gets messy, as it seems like players are constantly dropping, and I'm waiting for the game to start back up again. But it's not the worst thing in the world. I may have gotten lucky, as I've only dropped from a game about twice over the course of 35+ hours. People will also straight up leave from matches that aren't in their favor, and they won't get punished for it.There is a downside to the gameplay though. As you move up to higher tiers of gameplay, it seems like everyone just waits for the opponent to swing first, allowing them to parry/feint/etc. What seemed like a very aggressive game, starded to go towards a route of just the waiting game.Another huge downside is how the menu in this game works and how the client deals with certain issues is overall a huge downfall. You can't look through character customization while you're waiting for queue. In fact, you can't do anything while you wait in queue, you're just looking at a loading screen. Also, when you're in a party with friends, and there's not enough people in the lobby, it will automatically kick you and your buddies out of the match, disbanding the party. Which means you have to reinvite everyone again. If you play by yourself, and the lobby you're in decided to leave, you don't automatically go into another queue. No, you have tothe queue and start back up again. It's extremely frustrating to deal with.I've also had times where I would wait a few minutes in queue, only to get an error message stating: ""Couldn't join lobby, since lobby was full,"" then it would kick me out, and I would have to queue up again. Why would any game search for full lobbies?Uplay is also pretty infamous as well. I've had lots of issues sending invites to my friends, and being able to accept friend invitations. Until a lot of these things get fixed, I wouldn't strongly recommend it.ProsFun and new style that has a unique mechanic that differs itself from all fighting games.1v1's and 2v2's has no connection issuesVariety of characters that can fit your playstyle.Change the gear of your characters to make yourself feel unique to others as well as emblems.Fairly balanced heros all around.Peer to peer connection is great for 1v1, and mostly 2v2.No boob plates for femaleCons4v4 is a fiesta, with constant connection drops from other players.There's no rank system.Not very new player friendly (pvp).One of these worst clients you have to deal with.Horrible queuing system that will constantly kick you out, disbanded from premade parties, and waiting for awhile.Have to have Uplay to play the game, and so do your friends if you ever wanna play with them.Constantly getting AI's on either your team, or the enemy team because people drop out of games.No punishment system for leaving games at all.If everyone leaves the lobby, you have to manually leave the lobby as well and queue up, as the game won't do that for you.Peer to peer is a mess for 4v4.No boob plates for female.The gameplay is great, everything else about it is a jumbling mess, and I feel like the two beta tests were completely ignored and they justed wanted people to get hyped up for the game, rather than actually listening to the community."
76561198005637200,Not Recommended,304390,30414063,Posted: 9 March,all,Baron WarBastard,"Have about 55 hours on this game now. The core mechanics and multiplayer are amazing, though it can't overcome the network issues and lag. If I could get a refund I would."
76561198203300610,Not Recommended,304390,30024031,Posted: 18 February,all,White Ninja,servers are♥♥♥♥♥but the game is fun when it works.
76561197978902018,Not Recommended,304390,30188727,Posted: 25 February,all,ハイパー,been playing it since launch you can never get a game to finish without someone dc'ing this is why i have never brought a ubsoft game ever
76561198049118618,Recommended,304390,29975302,Posted: 16 February,all,Malefactus,"Game is great fun, but it crashes WAY too often. Its almost common. Would recommend, but the constant crashing needs to be fixed. Game would be good otherwise..."
76561198063340387,Not Recommended,304390,30514785,Posted: 14 March,all,ShaolinAlan,"Game was great when it was release.Thats about it the game is so unbalenced and full of spammable abilities and op ablities that make the game lose all its fun.Would be too much of a grind to go through to get all the cooler stuff for your character aswellServers are terrible aswell, and the game is covered in salt.Single player was surprising was pretty good but still not great.If you see this on sale for £10 might be worth grabbing anything more than that is robbery"
76561198311534901,Not Recommended,304390,30514863,Posted: 14 March,all,Swifty,"First I want to say that i like this game i put over 80s hours in, but this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥Sandwich with the core fighting mechanic being fun and rewarding at times. the rest of the♥♥♥♥♥♥packed in this sandwich is it's play to win, no actual campaign, too few maps that get reused again and again, and the constant game kicks due to their♥♥♥♥♥♥idea of peer to peer making sure you have the worst experiance possible."
,Not Recommended,304390,30514924,Posted: 14 March,all,Head Muesli,Total P.O.SGood luck getting a game.error 0002001512 <------- New game title
,Not Recommended,304390,30516035,Posted: 14 March,all,KlowИ,"DONT BUY THIS GAME!I want to give this game a good review, i really do but i cant.Pros-Gameplay is in depth and solid-Well optimisedThats it.Cons-Horrible connection issues-Lackluster single player♥♥♥♥♥♥microtransaction systemWorst of all, the matchmaking... i hope you like fighting bots for 100hrs because if you even dare playing PvP before then you will be royally butt touched by people with many more hours and skill that you shoudlnt have been matched up against.Ubisoft. Fix the connection and matchmaking and this review changes but right now i suggest you dont buy this game."
76561198037645116,Recommended,304390,30516798,Posted: 14 March,all,Mexicutioner,"I'm not really sure why all the hate.  I absolutely LOVE this game!  If you're looking for a great sword-fighting style of game, then this is it.BTW, I never had any network issues or problems with multiplayer.  Just my two cents."
,Recommended,304390,30152677,Posted: 24 February,all,Qweytrop,Is this game balanced? No.Is the netcode good? No.Is the game fun? Yes. A lot.I recommend this game. It's unique and real fun.I just hope a few updates can fix those issues.
,Recommended,304390,30152845,Posted: 24 February,all,GreyWolf035,"The combat system is fun and refreshing! Story mode is a bit dissapointing (It's basically just one long tutorial), but the multiplayer is were this game shines. Fighting feels fluid, stratigic and tense. There is no greater rush than taking on 2, or even 3/4 enemies at once and somehow coming out on top.There are some problems with server connectivity, sure, but to me, it's not game brakeing as others make it out to be. The game has just launched, so these problems will defenetly be addressed soon, I'm sure."
,Recommended,304390,30606061,Posted: 18 March,all,Xwebble,very good game
76561197989502027,Recommended,304390,29983634,Posted: 17 February,all,Sir Dumah,Beside the multyplayer disconnection problems the game its awsomeI love it!
,Recommended,304390,29983600,Posted: 17 February,all,yourathreshy,"I played since the open beta and yes there were many connection issues, disconnects, bug, etcetera. However, I experience a little to no problem as of now. I do reccomend playing this game at 60frames or higher, anything less will put you at a disadvantage in multiplayer, so change the settings if you have to.Personal thoughts:Great game, you can really be better than someone and see the difference. OR BE WORSE... Anyways, cya."
76561198055530511,Recommended,304390,29983489,Posted: 17 February,all,Rehn,"Please do not be completely put off this game.This has the potential to be an absloutely fantastic game. This is the first review I have ever done. The reason why I chose finally to step out of the crowd of sheep is because I do not want this game to die due to the lack of confidence in the game from all these negative reviews. Quick short analysis of this game in my own words:The game needs fine tuning that can come through pathches, not adding more!!!!! Just getting rid of annoying stuff like the stupid error ****. In the end this game is all about improving upon one's own abilities and being rewarded through absloute bliss of feeling accomplished after fighting THOSE MULTIPLE SPEAR WIELDING PIECES OF *clears throat*. Please scroll down for more info, this was as quick jist of the game, not a full on analysis, to be honest the bit bellow isn't either...huh. It does go into more detail if that is what you desire.Now my own personal view you beautiful person for scrolling down.......or for the future robots that have probably gone full terminator on us or even better...psychic aliens, but then again we have X-Com, anyway back on topic (skip this paragraph if you want):This is THE fighting game I have always wanted and I think others will agree. The gameplay is smooth, satisfying and tremendously tense and skill based when you get into some really intense fights. The fact that you would complain  about being insta-killed from being chucked off a BLOODY CLIFF sends a bad image to others since this is about realistic combat *cough* as well as a game this day and age can get *cough*. The only reason you get chucked off a cliff is because you positioned yourself badly, mis-timed an attack so the enemy gets the advantage over you or just failed to counter grab them, which lets be honest, IS YOUR FAULT. You can just go into bots and practice over and over like I did, because this is something I feel isn't in enough games today, the skill cap. At first, you literally are flailing like a toddler which can be quite frustrating. You gradually find what kind of player you want to be and pick the class/classes you would like to commit to playing. This is where things can get absaloutely infuriating, you now have to learn the movesets and drill them into your muscle memory and timing which, in all honesty, can take up to 5 hours. Despite this, I felt a sense of accomplishment, I worked hard to get better, I went into duels, I won some, I lost some. There were times I wanted trash my entire room or curl up into the corner and cry myself to sleep. There were times I screamed at the top of my lungs in victory. However, most of all there were the moments I felt ecomplishments in my abilities as a gamer in duels that were so back and forth I didn't care whether I won or lost, just the experience of pure pride of being able to have such a duel.If you do not like the controls, connect a controller through steam system. However, to all the newcomers, the controls seem completely fine to me, after all, you can actually choose where to bind keys (Hint to all other games in the universe) and if you play or use a keyboard quite a bit, then it really shouldn't be a problem getting used to the system. It literally just comes down to practice.However, I do agree that this game still needs some work, but it is far from a lost cause. This game is a rough diamond that just needs some fine cutting to be something beautiful.Some examples:-Errors when joining game modes other than duel. (I'm still happy with JUST playing duel, but still, others might not be)-Allow us to adjust difficulty of bots in non-custom games, I would like to practice against something that can actually beat me other than consistant level 1 and help my clan re-take *thinks for a minute* territory? Since you know, my clan, Samurai, is currently getting pretty messed up.-If you can do something about NAT type thing, do it immediately, this goes to both developers and newcomers. If newcomers are put off from going through NAT type process that is your problem not the developers, it's your problem you miss out on this amazing game.-Offline mode, come on, really, why does no one do this anymore, common sense, sometime internet goes out.In the end I love this game. If you didn't get the picture earlier, it reminds me of the refreshing feeling I feel when I make a new X-Com game after beating it once and to eventually reach the glory of IRONMAN IMPOSSIBLE.PLEASE DON'T GIVE UP ON THE GAMEI don't no how to endthis.....bye?(Please don't hate this post because I didn't put too much effort into spelling and stuff, as long as you get the picture then that was the goal)"
,Recommended,304390,29929280,Posted: 14 February,all,Isavuconazonium,"Good game, enjoyable, rewarding and addictive. Easy to pick-up.EDIT: A massive downfall being Ubisofts servers and move set exploits, it takes a lot of the enjoyment away from the game..."
76561197973051165,Not Recommended,304390,30952019,Posted: 4 April,all,PETRIE,"This game is such a pile of hot mess i dont know where to begin, so i wont start.Not a review, just a warning. . .Do not buy."
,Recommended,304390,30254831,Posted: 28 February,all,Wollop,"If you liked games like Chivalry or are looking for a medieval fighter then give this some serious consideration.The game looks great, the mechanics are awesome, duels are fun. There's a good breadth and depth of characters and a lot of upgrades and levels to individual characters.Personally I have had maybe 1 in 10 games disconnect and usually right at the start, so it's cost a little bit of waiting time, like 2 minutes to get into the next match. Not ideal but not sure it's significantly worse than other P2P games.For Honour is a bit light on the game modes (basicaly duel or capture the zone with some variations) and the single player isn't very long so some people might get bored after a week or so.The community is pretty mixed, I've had some really nice 1 v 1's with good chat and have ended up practicing with randoms who were great people and helpful. On the other hand you get toxic trolls in game and forums on Steam and Reddit are just walls of whiny ♥♥♥♥♥ comments.Overall pretty fun and particualrly enjoyable once you start to get the hang of it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30077329,Posted: 21 February,all,Spunky,"Two and a half months after release, I can no longer recommend For Honor. I really, really wanted to be able to write a good review which is why I've strayed away from writing one for so long. However the abhorrent lack of support for this game has officially killed it, with less than 10% of the players from launch remaining. So let's dive into what makes this game unworthy of your library.The GoodThe BadThe MehThe gameplay isfunandincredibly satisfyingwhen it works. When your opponent isn't just a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥, the game is an absolutelyepicfighting game. Ubisoft either realized this game didn't need a good story or they didn't care to write one, but either way it doesn't matter. This is a multiplayer game at heart. Drop in, kill some people, drop out (players of the game will find this wording amusing).Frequent disconnects. Somebody ragequit? Great, everybody else dropped from the game because it couldn't find a new ""host"" client. Or the game just didn't particularly like you or anybody around you at that moment and decided to take a massive Ubisoft on you.Faction war. It's utterly pointless. Nobody even participates until the last 2 days of the round, then everybody comes out of hiding from whatever better games they've been playing to take as much territory as they can in the last days of the round. Rewards are also incredibly underwhelming because they want you to spendmore money(yes,morethan the potentially $100 you spent on the base game) on steel packs.Many customization options for each class. Ignoring the steel scheme which I'll get to later, Ubisoft really did create a lot of unique content for each class and when you put it all together you can achieve some seriously awesome looks for each class. They're still putting out new aesthetic items, with the only (andmajor) downside being... they expect you to either grind out daily orders or just outright pay cash for them.Some classes are just seriously overpowered and kill the fun for other players. Ubisoft has done little to nothing to address these issues and more. In fact they've kept the player base almost completely in the dark until recently, and they only came out of hiding in their pile of money when the entire player base threatened to quit playing the game. Their measures for dealing with these issues seem half cocked and not at all what the player base wants. A lot of their answers to important questions in the dev stream leave players' jaws on the floor with how incredibly stupid they are.Each of the classes vary in their difficulty, which is both a good and bad thing (but mostly a good thing). Never before have I seen avery easy modeimplemented in a multiplayer game, yet there are some classes that cater to this crowd. If you're bad at videogames, you'll immediately know which classes to play once you try them out. On the other hand, if you like a challenge in your game there's plenty for you as well. It's all about your playstyle and whether you go for the cheap win or the hard earned win. You will endure salt for playing certain classes, and rightly so. It's unavoidable.The campaign is kinda fun if you ignore the cringe-worthy story.The game is obviously designed to make players buy steel packs. Match rewards are so low (even after the very recent increase) you have to grind out daily/contract orders for the steel you need to unlock the game's content. Yes, the game's base aesthetic content is all locked from the start, and rather than do what basically every great game ever has done by letting us unlock through simply leveling up, they created this system to squeeze more money out of your wallet. In a recent dev stream, a producer stated ""it was never our intention for you to unlock everything."" They haven't retracted this disgusting statement yet and I doubt they will. Despicable.Roman (one of the game directors) has stupid tattoos. They look like they were done by a five year old. That has nothing to do with the game, but there it is. Screw Ubisoft. Buying this game is the same as supporting scummy, greedy, corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Vote with your wallets people."
,Not Recommended,304390,30932995,Posted: 3 April,all,TotalTortilla,"The combat in this game is really fun. The connection issues, lack of character balancing, underwhelming match rewards, overpriced gear, and poor matchmaking are not."
,Not Recommended,304390,30186053,Posted: 25 February,all,Baku,server is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071033208,Not Recommended,304390,30132508,Posted: 23 February,all,Deerlobe,"For Honor was very tough to write a review for, I really really want to love it.The fighting system is awesome, I love the customization and faction war, and hell, I don't get too many connection problems like other people say.Now, for the bad. The game has absolutely horrendous balance issues. The classes I find to be unique and fun, in no way at ALL compare to the metas in this game. Conquerers, warlords, lawbringers, and wardens are examples of these. They are simply better than others heroes. By simply better I mean they are un-staggerable, unbreakable and have combos strong enough to split the entire continent of Africa. Every game I join has an idiot exploiter and stunlocker who has conviced themselves that lawbringer takes skill, it's terrible!Another balance issue is team-balancing. I could join a game as a level 15 nobushi, and have a team consisting of 2 bots and a level 7 orochi. The enemy team however, could consist of 2 wardens, a lawbringer and a conquerer all reputation 5 all of which have not stopped playing For Honor since launch and have a maxed out, meta gearscore. AGAIN, this is terrible.It really really pains me deep down inside to have to write this review but thus, here it is.*Update* This game is horrible, every match I join is unfair and unbalanced. I'm getting seriously tired of this. UBISOFT, FIX YOUR GAME, STOP BUFFING THE OVERPOWERED HEROES.We need to boycott this game until the balance issues are fixed"
,Not Recommended,304390,30023788,Posted: 18 February,all,Alex Jones,"It's fun, but the lack of dedicated servers make this game literally cancer."
,Not Recommended,304390,30970755,Posted: 5 April,all,Palerion,"Forget the connection issues.  I can let some connection issues slide if there's a gem of a game underneath.Fact is, this game lives and dies by its combat, and seeing that the combat is severely lacking, I am afraid that this game will die.  At first I was a little bit put-off by the rather small movelists for each character, but I gave the game a chance, having read plenty of raving reviews stating that the combat system was, in fact, the game's strongest aspect, that if everything else in the game were a complete failure it would still have  an incredibly deep and entertaining combat system.The problem is that the combat really isn't deep at all, and its greatest flaw undeniably lies in the ""Defensive Meta"".  I'm a huge fan of fighting games, I've put a decent amount of time into both Tekken and Street Fighter, and it pains me to hear For Honor referred to as a ""fighting game"".  It lacks far too many of the elements that make the fighting game genre entertaining, and most importantly the defense is so powerful that, in a match between two competent players, the player to lose is the player to strike first.  Essentially all offensive behaviors are heavily discouraged, any attack can be parried and comboed into significant damage, and the only winning strategy is to wait for your opponent to do something.  If you have the patience.This is not fun game design.  Sure, the game may seem cool for the first few hours when you don't know what to expect from your opponents, but it doesn't take very long for a player to learn to block essentially every attack in the game and counter every throw (guard-break).  At this point, the game is not fun anymore.  Combat is frustrating rather than rewarding, and until the defensive meta is fixed and numerous improvements are made to the combat system, picking up this game for any price above $10 would be a huge mistake."
,Recommended,304390,29994773,Posted: 17 February,all,Ludur,Gotta say people are complaining about peer to peer connection its not bad or noticeable or laggythe game isn't pay 2 win btw wow you get a item that increases stanima sick your nuts
,Not Recommended,304390,30409155,Posted: 9 March,all,♠˚ | Viola Nee-Chan,It is saddening to see such potential wasted on bad connectivity
,Not Recommended,304390,30197770,Posted: 26 February,all,Italian Pimp,"So basically, for a 60$ game you get :PROS-Pretty neat graphics, although not as good as promised-Very detailed and nice level designs, albeit recycled from multiplayer to story mode-Satisfying gameplay, if you can finish a full game without connection issues-Fairly nice story mode, even if the story itself is a bit cheesy for my tastes-Framerate is good on my high end PC, which is sadly good enough that you have to point it out these daysCONS-""hostless"" peer to peer games, where you STILL get a host and if he leaves the game, the game crashes for everyone.-Uplay is MANDATORY to play, when you send an invite ingame your friends must accept it on uplay, there isn't even an ingame cue or anything. Uplay being very poorly designed, it affects the overall experience.-Speaking of bad design, you cannot do anything during matchmaking, no multitasking nothing. For a triple A game sold for 60$ this is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.-Just yesterday as of writting this review, over 5 hours of downtime because Ubisoft's servers went down for no announced reason, preventing any online OR OFFLINE match even with BOTS.-Overall terrible online connectivity, rollbacks are omnipresent and errors returning you to the main menu are commonplace.-A faction war system in which you are REQUIRED to pick a faction, which does not affect the classes you can play (that's alright I guess) BUT, but but but which will NOT prevent you from being matched with other factions in your team OR your OWN faction on the ennemy team. Absolutely stupid design.-A gear system with stats in which you pay steel (ingame currency) to purchase 5 random pieces of gear giving you 'parts' upon deconstruction and YET when you want to upgrade an item it costs BOTH steel and parts; extremely bad and grindy design aiming at selling real life currency steel packs.-Overall extremely high steel prices, be it for just emotes, executions, effects or just recolors.TL;DR: As the game is right now, it's roughly worth 20$ ~ 25$ tops as most free to play MMOs have a better online system with actually designated servers. Don't waste your money like I did, this is the marketing sequel to No Man's Sky"
76561198132755248,Not Recommended,304390,30341717,Posted: 5 March,all,Aggretsuko,"Gameplay itself is ok. Character balance is middling to fair at best. For a character based pvp fighting game, balancing and patches are important, and nothing in this publisher's history tells me that they will be on top of this. That being said the main problem with this game is that matchmaking is completely broken.Matchmaking takes too long, prone to unbalanced matches, disconnects and a host of other issues you have to wonder this company is just seeing how much crap it can throw on a community before they outright boycott them. Better wait to buy this until everything is stabilized."
,Not Recommended,304390,30342318,Posted: 5 March,all,superjamram,Don't recommend this game until connection issues are fixed unless you want to play solo. I only get to play online without connection issues every 4 matches! Great game WOULD love if they could fix the connection problems. Therefore as of right now I say don't get it wait until they fix the problems.
76561197971846442,Not Recommended,304390,30110218,Posted: 22 February,all,JuJo,"Working Story mode, nice gamplay, and really well done levels.Broken Multiplayer, the worst matchmaking I have ever seen, P2P in a game based on reactions, constant errors and disconnections.So If you want to buy it for the story I would recoment to wait for a 50%, that way you will be paying for the half working part of the game.If you want to play Multiplayer don't buy it"
,Recommended,304390,30089725,Posted: 21 February,all,Scaaroc,"Great game and all... However... If you have friends, dont expect to be able to play with them! Because this games grouping system is gliched as ♥♥♥♥, ITS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD, THAT IT ALMOST MAKES ME WANT TO SLOWLY CUT OF MY OWN DICKPENIS WITH A THIN ROPE! Please fix this UbiShit!!!!!!!!"
76561198375300666,Not Recommended,304390,31113580,Posted: 13 April,all,Alpha Zero,"Connection error for sale! Come one, come all! We'll even throw in the additional synchronization errors and lag switch abusers for the complete package deal!-Get into a great team? Connection error for you!-About to get the last kill to end the match? Connection error for you!-Your team dominating the match? Connection error for you!-Execute or throw someone off the ledge? Synchronization error where they come back to life for you!-Spamming cheesers to oblivion? Connection error for you!+Getting spammed to oblivion by cheesers? No connection error for you!+Red/Yellow ping players teleporting the whole game? No connection error for you!+Get stuck with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ team? No connection error for you!Seriously speaking, game is great fun when it works and with all the connection errors going around, I recommend you stick to 2v2 or 1v1 modes till then, don't go through the trauma like I did..."
76561198147986003,Recommended,304390,30333512,Posted: 5 March,all,Pedro,"Ok this game does have it's issues, P2P network for now and both a heavy price tag AND micro transactions reminisent of a free to play game , the microstractions however only help in 4v4 as your gear score and stats only count in these modes 2v2 and 1v1 are base stats. Also there are some balancing issues which Ubisoft are currently working towards fixingRanked mode is coming soon , and the game itself is beautiful well optimised and to me rather addicting even tho i suck at it ;D. Single player story mode was good and the tutorials teach you everythign you need to know.to sum up the review i would say if you have the money available and want a fun game buy it , if not wait for a sale."
,Recommended,304390,29972336,Posted: 16 February,all,baardie,fun
76561198067697360,Recommended,304390,29989168,Posted: 17 February,all,__middleman,"I bought this game a day before release, as I was so hyped up for it. The 1v1 gameplay looked promising, and the game looked gorgeous -- two things I really look for in a game. The second is just eye-candy, but the first will determine how long this game will last, which I predict for me will be a very long time.Compared to the others, I've had 0 networking issues using this peer-to-peer matchmaking theyre using. None. 0. So I'm enjoying myself so far and immersing myself in combat.I've only spend time with Warlord and Nobushi so far, but I can say (having played AGAINST every character) that each character is unique. I havent logged as much hours as some people, but IMO the game is FAIR and Balanced -- if you get hit, you die. I'm liking it so far, and I plan on playing hours more.The single player experience doesnt interest me, but its a good way of learning all the characters briefly.Even though I paid 60$ for this game, I only play 1v1 multiplayer, which I think is the bread and butter of this game. The other modes aren't as intimate and are just there for fodder.Always online does SUCK, thats one big CON I'll give. At least give me a chance to practice with BOTS OFFLINE, which I might add are very competent AIs.I'd give this game a 9/10 for combat alone, but with everything else, id bump it down a couple notches.That feeling of tense 1v1 action is just priceless; It never bores me and is always exciting."
76561198079117548,Recommended,304390,30002563,Posted: 17 February,all,Rudran,Awesome if youre into skill based competitive pvp.Best described as a cross between street fighter and dark souls pvp.- Also in my entire time playing so far I've had zero connection issues. These kids need to get off the dsl frfr -
76561198073194664,Recommended,304390,29948812,Posted: 15 February,all,The Trashman,"Good game, but everyone is angry about micro-transactions and stuff."
,Recommended,304390,29952448,Posted: 15 February,all,Yozo,"It's a really fun fighter game. It's pretty balanced so far, everything has a good counter and the characters take skill. Lots of combos to practice and learn when to use them, good character variety (with more characters to come!), customization, and the game looks great visually.I definetley recommend this game, it's one of my favorite almost immediatley."
,Recommended,304390,29952609,Posted: 15 February,all,⍖The King In Yellow⍖,"You love arena brawlers? Here you go, buy it!"
,Recommended,304390,29952714,Posted: 15 February,all,Naughty Nihilist,"Connection issues. Balancing issues. occasionally cancerous community.lol idc, this game is stupid fun"
,Recommended,304390,29953046,Posted: 15 February,all,Ghostler,Game = FunServers + matchmaking = literal♥♥♥♥♥
76561198023453782,Recommended,304390,30024040,Posted: 18 February,all,Crucible (Lotta College) :(,+1
76561198126532794,Not Recommended,304390,30024325,Posted: 18 February,all,Varajou,"Great game. Love it. The only ♥♥♥♥ing problem is that someone absolute moron on your development team thought it would be a great idea to run non-dedicated servers?????? Can't join a game, when I finally do I get kicked instantly. Going to start losing player base if something isn't changed. So stupid."
,Not Recommended,304390,30065726,Posted: 20 February,all,Lzayy,"just a game, but the connect is too terrible to work a good game."
76561198101608777,Recommended,304390,30065925,Posted: 20 February,all,Paladin Pete,"played it a bit...and i gotta say...DAMN GOOD GAME !  DAMN GOOD !  the pro's, looks ,feel and the fantasy of being a Knight, Viking or samurai is epically done.   FUN factor through the roof ! the competition is GG all the way (fierce competitors in every player....lol even the AI is sick. ) ....CON'S this game is not for the weak...literally, if your a crybaby ,DO NOT...I REPEAT DO NOT ENTER ! cause this game was made for men that can handle a loss, cause your head will roll and you will get gang banged in here. which is not bad cause you will get ur chance for revenge ...thats for sure. so happy attacking or defending this game is SWEET !"
76561198052585844,Recommended,304390,30066049,Posted: 20 February,all,Liquid.Cooling,"Awesome game, Lawbringer isn't good as I expencted. Even after learning to play with him cannot go against very good players playing other classes. Exellent Graphics and Optimized for Nvidia Cards, I own a Gtx 980 ti, runs 60 fps max out and its only using 2000megs from my cards so temps stay Low. Overall I give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,304390,30066752,Posted: 20 February,all,vkmicro,"I don't see any issues with p2p that most people complain about it... The game is fun, p2p only occasionally screws up which results in having to resync or change host. Hardly an issue.This game is super fun and skill based as well as reflexes based.People who played games like GunZ, S4 league, Blade Symphony are guarantee to love this game.I've played all those games and i love me some fair skill based fast action games."
76561198048113763,Recommended,304390,30090628,Posted: 21 February,all,thegaminggiant,aside from the weird server issues and strange but oddly convenient latency for the enemy currently smashing my face in- its a great game!
76561198113941424,Recommended,304390,30042995,Posted: 19 February,all,Kuichi,"A good decent game which need some updates to make it a playable great game, community is a bit salty though.Is it recommended? short answer, no.... just wait till they updated the game piece by piece and then it will be a great game"
,Not Recommended,304390,30987047,Posted: 6 April,all,Bardock,This game has a whole list of problems
,Recommended,304390,30987702,Posted: 6 April,all,ViiPeRzMichael,"Its a good game, don't get me wrong but now since its been out for awhile there is alot of people that do the 1 combo or ""spam"" and them thinking they're good cause you cant do anything about it cause you lose stamina by doing 2 moves.Reasons why I don't play really anymore:1. 12vies or younger thinking they're good cause they ""spam the mouse click and the same combos"".2. Losing stamina with 2 normal moves.3. Nothing really works when I try to dodge.4. Like number 3 game sometimes just breaks and nothing works.5. Spam.6. No Honour when the game is called ""For Honor"".Reasons why I still sometimes play:1. I play with friends2. I sometimes in the mood to play3. BoredIf anyone read the whole thing, comment reasons why you have stopped or still play sometimes."
76561197984682218,Not Recommended,304390,30021125,Posted: 18 February,all,DingoPWN,"For ♥♥♥♥ sake why did they go with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ P2P ? the game is amazing by itself and could eaily be one of the top games this year if not GoTY by the servers issues are so bad, couldn't play online for couple of days now and starting to lose interst.. gonna see if i can refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198143325539,Not Recommended,304390,30187255,Posted: 25 February,all,TOGS,"Great Combat, one of the most addictive games i've played recently but region locked matchmaking is a bit off especially how some usual regions are not part of certain regions like in previous game, For example Asian and EU or Afirca and EU. Their reason is to improve connectivity but when i group up with a friend in the UK, we all have stable(take this part with a a grain of salt, people be dropping out like flies, server issues) matches, with connections being Green bars to lowest yellow. Story is also medicore but no one bought this game for story to be honest. If they fix this game's matchmaking i recommend but for now, don't buy if you are not American, Canadian or within the EU.... Very disappointing service i must say."
,Not Recommended,304390,30187382,Posted: 25 February,all,knsarj,The servers are beyond crap. It was working decently for about 20 minutes until it turned into an all around crap fest. It takes ages to get a game even then you're probably going to get disconnected from it anyway.But other than it's fun. P2P absolutely ruins the experience and please do something about this so I don't have to say I wasted $60 on this game
,Not Recommended,304390,30366909,Posted: 6 March,all,Avarcir Matreinace,I have not been able to complete a single match since i bought the game becuase of connnection errors.Takes forever to find a match then when you finally do everyone drops becuase of the errors and you end up fighting bots.Fun gameplay but can be very very unbalanced at times.In my honest opinion dont waste yor money right now and just give ubisoft some time to fix this.
,Not Recommended,304390,30367259,Posted: 6 March,all,Hakke Pyppyyy,♥♥♥♥ing awful servers do not buy until it's fixed. What kind of company uses p2p in 2017
,Not Recommended,304390,30087469,Posted: 21 February,all,ritual,"All of the horror stories are true. I literally spent 20 minutes trying to get a game and was always disconnected, or the game was full. Sad!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30039084,Posted: 19 February,all,Cptn McKawesome,"this game kinda sucks. The graphics are ok, and the COMBAT is fun but it becomes a suck fest. there's an obvious need for nerfing and patches. There's a couple characters that can combo you to death and it is becoming a game where people only use those characters... what else. its broken as hell. You can dodge or block but it won't register and you get axed in the face. if you want this game, wait til its 25 dollars. That is all it is worth."
,Not Recommended,304390,30046669,Posted: 19 February,all,Red_Luminary,"I'm only writing a review because I seem to be one of the few people who can actually play this game, uninterrupted by network issues.Multiplayer gameplay is just tops, man... literally holding this entire Ubisoft thing together. From delicious moments and duels to downright ""dis""honorable ganking. It's for my fighting game fans out there, IMO. (Fighting-MOBA?)Story is... average. It CAN be fun. ABSOLUTELY DO NOT BUY FOR A SINGLE PLAYER EXPERIENCE.As far as all these connection issues go; it's peer-to-peer so it wasn't going to start off well since the Closed-Open Betas player counts. Ubisoft, thusly, needs to get dedicated serves. For Honor, most likely, sold more than their projected sales (I very well may be wrong) so they should now act in response to the new customer ""demand""; so to speak.I can not recommend this game, honestly, until new servers are established.BUT... if you think your PC and network are up to the task, pick this fun game up; the game has ran perfect 90% of the time on my PC. (The 10% being the ""trying to join full game"" stupid♥♥♥♥♥issue and I've had my connection to a match drop approximately twice in the past 30+ hours. Take it how you will.)"
76561198048729986,Not Recommended,304390,30083429,Posted: 21 February,all,Makemedinner,"I wouldnt recommend buying this game in its current state.-N0 matchmaking, this game doesnt care if its your 1st match or 1000nd.-NO dedicated servers (which results into some pretty cool things like having already killed your opponent and as you are excecuting him time warps back 2 seconds and guess what..he's not dead but you are :D) also alot of errors and random disconnects.-Infinite stamina ,  self resurrection, autoblock and counter guard break cheats .-Bad single-player campaign ( this game was mainly designed to be an online fighting pvp game which requires precision and split second reactions , but no dedicated servers kek )-And all that will cost you 60$ or 100$ if you want to be premium.( Im almost certainly sure ubisoft is ROFLing to the fact that there are so many people buying this ""cheap"" game on such a high price)Dont get me wrong, i loved this game in the beginning, and im pretty sure you will too but after several days i have been playing it...well the♥♥♥♥♥♥adds up really fast and the game is not fun anymore."
,Not Recommended,304390,30182895,Posted: 25 February,all,Milky T,"At the current time I had many FPS issues, my computer is more than capable of running this game and yet I still had issues running it on the lowest settings, I could not get the game to go into full screen mode at all either, which futher caused FPS issues.Shame as it is a beautiful game and looks fun."
,Not Recommended,304390,30196567,Posted: 26 February,all,мясная лавка,Dont waste your money on Ubisoft games. Its completely worthless.
,Not Recommended,304390,30197188,Posted: 26 February,all,"""             ""","1 vs 1 combat is incredible fun and rewarding. 2 vs 2 combat is okay but wierd, anymore and it sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥ As well as servers disconnecting too often and peer to peer is thrash, the bot system replacement is ♥♥♥♥ed upp giving them full life. You can get bonuses by buying♥♥♥♥♥♥so kinda pay 2 win. But the worse part is matchmacking. You match upp with people that has more reputation than your whole team together. Its so ♥♥♥♥ed upp, i can't recomend it. Hope someone else picks upp this consept and makes it better."
76561198145601413,Not Recommended,304390,30220064,Posted: 27 February,all,Dankest Maximus,Coming from the 2nd technical test all the way to its release.Played the game for 4 days strait after its release and I loved it. Then came the disconnections. stopped playing for about three days. Came back to itAnd got disconnected within 30 secs of the first game.Bottom lineThe game is awsomeBut peer to peer completly ruins it at the same time6 out of 10 matches you're going to get disconnected because of it.
76561198000141724,Not Recommended,304390,30366405,Posted: 6 March,all,Gert',♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198079094651,Not Recommended,304390,30222913,Posted: 27 February,all,SpoopyWookie,I love the idea and the gameplay but between the net code and the terrible match making it makes it hard to have fun
76561198029753236,Not Recommended,304390,30223190,Posted: 27 February,all,Night Hunter,Game still need's work the peer to peer make's it unstable as hell (my wait time for anything other then 1v1 and 2v2 is over 20 min's) The gameplay is fun and engaging but unless your playing single player (witch is just a reason to have fight's) please just wait for the problem's to be fixed before buying. (But another note the player base has halfed since day 1 not good).
,Not Recommended,304390,30263801,Posted: 1 March,all,ChileanWanRavioli,"I've had to open the task manager 18 times since i bought the gameIn my best matches i lose conection (coincidence? haha probably not)There is always a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peacekeeper spamming  her light attacks (almost ♥♥♥♥in impossible to blockTeam mates hit enemies i'm fighting with and then run when they get revenge.But hey, there are samurais...."
,Not Recommended,304390,30301307,Posted: 3 March,all,Haeme,"The game isn't what I expected at all. It's too slow.It isn't like muh Chivalry or Dark Souls like I expected, but instead resembles a 3D fighting game with fodder enemies and objectives,The servers were down the second time I launched the game after only playing 55 minutes.Team damage/friendly fire is apparently a thing too? The one element of Chivalry they did include was one of the worst things about the game.In general I just didn't enjoy what I played and couldn't git gud :("
,Not Recommended,304390,30329594,Posted: 4 March,all,"Johan ""Leg Day"" Skullcrusher",The classic Ubisoft strategy: Make an interesting game with really good gameplay but cripple it with glaring flaws that make it often unplayable.
,Recommended,304390,30353217,Posted: 6 March,all,Whores are just public toilets,"9/10 gameplay3/10 ""network connection""+actually has single player (finally in a ""AAA game"")+actually has coop (thank you christ)+actually deep gameplay+lots of content+great aesthetic, design, sound, fluidity,+actually a fun game to play with friends (♥♥♥♥ing refreshing as ♥♥♥♥)-microtransactions up the♥♥♥♥♥-expensive, especially with the season pass its $100 and i aint paying $100 for my games to be disconnected and played like ABSOLUTE TRASH in multiplayer"
76561197972023181,Not Recommended,304390,30364998,Posted: 6 March,all,Chillowl,A game with so much promise that falls short and all because of ubisoft poor support.-prossimple but fun combat systemsemi interesting single playerdecent graphics and animations-consbalance is terrilbe in anything outside of 1v1 or 2v2broken gear system (those that have the time to play will always have a severe advantage)terrible machmakinpeer 2 peer (the amount of issues this is causing has driven off a large part of the community)the economic system behind the game is made for you to spend money unless you have the time to farm steel(in game currency)For honor was a game with incredible potential which was butcher by developer greed and just bad design. The player population has been bailing on this game since release to the point they remove the player count from the game. I dont see this game making a come back like Siege did since all that will be left will be the try hards making the skill gap for any new players just not fun at all.A good game at its core but bog down by the usual practices that seem to plaque most triple A games.
,Not Recommended,304390,30366013,Posted: 6 March,all,Catdaddy,"LOVE this game, the combat is amazing. But it is literally unplayable. Between the constant syncing issues mid combat and consistent disconnects it is not a game I can recommend. Leave it to Ubisoft to ruin something so great."
76561198138549043,Not Recommended,304390,30366298,Posted: 6 March,all,LuckeyMe55,"NEED TO FIX SERVER PROBLEM. Great game, buts wehn you go through four matches kicking♥♥♥♥♥ then magikally poof. ♥♥♥♥ you, youre going to have this nice little error and go back to your home screen. ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOIFT."
,Not Recommended,304390,30391137,Posted: 8 March,all,Revelc,"Overall I can say that the whole experience through beta and live has been anti-fun. The following is a short list of reasons why this game isn't fun:Anti-fun matchmaking with no regard for gear score, premade groups (5v1+bots?, seriously?), char level, or MMRAnti-fun revenge builds two shotting playersAnti-fun P2P connections dropping constantly, errors, this match is full, etc.Thoughtless design RE: headbutt spam, laggy guard switch, etc."
,Recommended,304390,30407932,Posted: 9 March,all,Ergot,it is ok...just buy atsale
76561198358461889,Not Recommended,304390,30622576,Posted: 19 March,all,chainlink,"has potential to be good, if the servers worked that is. I,ve never played such a horrible excuse for a videogame. seriously 15+ mins trying to join a match, then get disconnected lin less than 30 secs. needs working severs. im not exaggerating, this is broken."
76561198008446101,Not Recommended,304390,30790762,Posted: 28 March,all,Menteser,"I tried to like this game, but there are other medival-knight titles that hung to me way more (M&B or Chivalry).SP is ok'ish. Not bad, nothing spectacular.MP is deffinetly not ok... duels are fun, but if someone decides to join you to help killing your opponent you often lose. Why? Revenge mechanism for the outnumbered person. Discourages teamwork, promotes rambo gamestyles. More often than not I just flee if I see someone approaching to help me.There are, hero classes, but just a handful really stands out in terms of playstyle. Most are pretty much homogenized.The good sides?Combat mechanism is neat, but also only really useful if dueling.Graphics is ok.Not nearly enough to reason the 60 euro price. Wait with buying it... however, I can't predict much longetivity for this game in MP, so by the time the price drops it may be rather stall."
76561198086017871,Recommended,304390,29991083,Posted: 17 February,all,Alan Quackbar,"Fun game But not good for new people who did not play the beta, some people may be able to pick up the basics but the matchmaking system pairs newer people against realy good people who are way out of their skill level, this can cause new players to leave"
76561198045103100,Not Recommended,304390,30057054,Posted: 20 February,all,ZDFraser,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,An error has occurred. Returning to main menu. (0006000018)﻿"
76561198016667795,Not Recommended,304390,31995558,Posted: 27 May,all,JoshTime,"For Honor? Don't Waste your Time & Money... Installed... Un-Installed... Really Ubisoft? Please fix this Game. Thanks... Yours Truly ""A GAMERS REQUEST"""
,Not Recommended,304390,31996626,Posted: 27 May,all,veXed,I asked for my money back.
76561198125341700,Not Recommended,304390,31994442,Posted: 27 May,all,Vector Uber Beston,Oh look i have to gahter 15000 stell for a new champ :D. The amusing part is that i won from an macth 20 steel and if i would do all the misiion it would take me 3 weeks. btw FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SERVERS
,Not Recommended,304390,32028814,Posted: 28 May,all,twitch.tv/piggycoolface,Completely unfiair system you just start then you get into a game where you have people with the best gear and weapons and you cant really fight back because you do no damage and die in a few hits.
76561198102874620,Not Recommended,304390,30035945,Posted: 19 February,all,Wolfie,"Ok.. i was super hyped for this game, but when i installed the BETA of ""for honor"" it didn't open. i just thought oh well, i can probably fix this i just have to do some research.So i went to the browser and wrote ""for honor beta wont start"". what poped up was that i had to like disable my bit-defender... BUT I DONT HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING BIT-DEFENDER. so i calmed down and thought they will propably fix this in the finished game...now i bought the game for 549 nok on steam (norwegian money), and was super hyped. so i launched the game... AND GUESS WHAT.... IT DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥ING OPEN. and agian i calmed down and searched the browser, and i find thge same stuff ""disable your bit-defender"" BUT AGAIN I DON'T HAVE A ♥♥♥♥ING BIT-DEFENDER. I USED 549 nok ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT DON'T EVEN START AND I HAVE NOW SEARCHED FOR A SOLUTION FOR TWO ♥♥♥♥ING DAYS. fml... and yes i do have all the required specs"
76561198104946121,Recommended,304390,30001587,Posted: 17 February,all,Claw,it will make you so angry you'll want to never play it ever again in your entire life because it is incredibly clunky especially for mouse and keys
76561197988218109,Not Recommended,304390,30011986,Posted: 18 February,all,Alphonse,"Its a great game. Good graphics , unique PvP style.Fix the SERVERS!!This game IS worth 60$ IF the servers faction...I just got disconnected 6 times in a row after joining a match or even during a match.FIX IT!!"
76561198012060581,Recommended,304390,30060968,Posted: 20 February,all,Cole Train,The game super fun but also super fustraiting at times cause some things need to change like guard breaks need to be changed cause not hitting when enemy is in an attack as you guard break and the servers need to be fixed but it is the same people who made Six Siege so we already know that have server problems but overall good game and just think no game is perfect at the begging once they buff and debuff some characters and fix some of the game mechanics that are a little off with be a wonderful game. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198066981585,Recommended,304390,30063489,Posted: 20 February,all,Shields Knows Best,"Idea is basic- Knights vs Vikings vs Samurai with a dynamic third person melee combat system that has never been seen before in gaming all surrounding a faction war where resources are used to conquer territory and whoever has the most territory in the next couple of weeks gets rewards.Execution of this concept isn't perfect but it's pretty damn good. The game will suck you up if you allow it to and you'll find yourself not being able to turn the game off once you learn the flow of combat. The combat system is great HOWEVER, this system was obviously not made with keyboard and mouse in mind, so I highly reccomend using a gamepad for this game.Optimization is great, and that's saying something coming from other Ubisoft titles. I always manage to stay above 60fps on my GTX 960 with high settings. And man, the game is BEAUTIFUL especially the lighting and weathering effects. The music and sound design also hits really well.My only real complaint is that you can't use every single hero(playable character) from the getgo, but have to instead spend ""steel"". Now initially you should have enough steel to purchase a few characters but it still irks me. There's also a few glitches with the gamepad. I will also warn you, this game can be RAGE INDUCING so if you rage easily then that might shy you away. Other than that the problems you see in other reviews are problems I have yet to run in to, I think people just love hating this game because it's AAA I guess.So yes, it's worth it. Try it out. It's literally something never seen before."
,Recommended,304390,30065851,Posted: 20 February,all,Whoa,Expects an honorable duelGets thrown off of ledge in the next ten seconds10/10
76561198042184560,Recommended,304390,30105194,Posted: 22 February,all,TwoArmedMan,"First off, there are connection issues, but atleast for me, they are pretty far and few in between, to the point that it doesn't really bother me too much.To the game itself;Campaign, the story is decent, it's not amazing or mind-blowing in anyway but it's not boring either, the campaign will probably run you around 6-7 hours, more if you're hunting for all the collectibles and/or choosing hard or realistic difficulties, Less if you're not.As many have said don't get this game solely for the campaign, however I would reccomend playing the campaign first before diving into multiplayer, it makes a good tutorial and prepares you a bit in learning the combat, plus the steel and scavenger crates you can get from completing it make it worth it if nothing else.Multiplayer;It's fun, I've played chivalry a good bit and am a pretty big dark souls fan, so the combat is right down my alley. Each character does feel different and you definitely have to learn their individual movesets if you want to be semi-decent at fighting. There's not a whole lot yet in terms of different game modes, but I've probably put a good 15 hours into multiplayer, plus the six or so in the open beta and I'm nowhere near bored yet.Yes there is microtransactions, but you really don't need them at all and like I said you earn enough steel from the campaign to unlock pretty much all of the characters from the get go, and they're not even locked really you can still play as them you just can't customize them.Regardless, I'm having fun."
76561198010989294,Recommended,304390,30041876,Posted: 19 February,all,NubileThighGaps,This is the single greatest game I've played in years. All the haters just suck at life.
,Recommended,304390,30045733,Posted: 19 February,all,Lolguise,Very good
76561198009043270,Recommended,304390,30045885,Posted: 19 February,all,Tudesauce,"Yes, the game is plagued by connection issues every once in a while. Still hoping this gets fixed. To be fair, the campaign isn't truly specatcular either; but when it comes to multiplayer I've not been able to feverishly string one match after another like this since the glory days of FIFA. The MP games are always short, intense, balanced, and with player skill generally being the final determining factor. Most importantly, they are *fun* and often cinematic. It's a great experience, and if you can get past the disconnect here and there, it's definitely worth your while."
76561198046998991,Not Recommended,304390,30047852,Posted: 19 February,all,Constantine,This game is fantastic and when it works its truly a peice of art. The problem though is the fact that they decided to use P2P instead of dedicated servers. I can understand the reasoning behind such a decision if it was solely 1v1 but for gamemodes like domination and 2v2 such methods are unacceptable. I want noting more than to give this game a thumbs up but that will not occur until Ubisoft creates dedicated servers.
,Recommended,304390,29915821,Posted: 13 February,all,Z71Silverado06,Such A Great Game Campaign Wise Its Fun And Addicting And Runs Smooth Great Graphics Cant Ask For Much More Really
,Recommended,304390,29954828,Posted: 15 February,all,Hiddeknight,"I've been playing this non-stop throughout betas and since release.I absolutely adore this game.No, it's not perfect, but the negatives do not impact the amount of fun I have on a regular basis.As people have mentioned, it uses peer to peer. However, I personally have never had a game impacted by lag. There are connection issues, perhaps 1 in every 20 games is affected by a connection error. Frustrating, but tolerable (to me).Outside of that, the game runs like a dream, looks amazing, is very well optimized and a great PC version of the game.The gameplay is fluid, when I make a mistake, it's because of something I did, rather than the game reading my input.I think the game is very finely balanced, particularly for a release version, and that they've done a great job making an enjoyable game through betas and release, and it leaves me very hopeful for the support they'll give this game in the future."
76561197978562212,Recommended,304390,29975468,Posted: 16 February,all,Makesh1ft,"Fun, not a lot of game modes.2v2 with a friend rules."
76561198095305297,Not Recommended,304390,29993616,Posted: 17 February,all,EviL_KooKie,"You'd be better off spending your $90 on a onahole fulled with saws than this game*note, Ubisoft, go spend my 90 bucks on a sack of potatos to double your server power*"
,Recommended,304390,30121135,Posted: 23 February,all,Fernack,"For Honor is one of those games where you hate it and love it at the same time. Its network problems, bland campaign and lack of dedicated servers, are some major bummers and may turn off a lot of possible gamers from buying it. However it's deep and interesting combat mechanics, fun and balanced classes (even orochi) and the fun of playing it with your friends (if you have those) make it up, at least for me.One thing to remark about For Honor is that it's a new ip with a fresh idea (in my opinion of course) and those get fewer and fewer as the years go by, so I think it's a good thing to thanks Ubisoft (even though I don't particularly like the company) for having the balls for trying something new, even with all the bugs and network errors.Sorry for my english, it isn't my first language."
,Not Recommended,304390,31142431,Posted: 14 April,all,Amun.RAR,"First off, this game is really good in itself, cool mechanics and classes in a nice ""Mount n' Blade""-esque fighting style but in fighting oriented gamemodes.Then, it falls on itself with bad conection and server issues, wich were really bad at start, but if you had enough patience still endurable, BUT NOW EVERY GAME DISCONNECTS ON THE FIRST 10 SECONDS, making this game an useless software only to waste space on my computer since gameplay is gone besides menus.Until it is fixed, I cant recomend."
,Not Recommended,304390,30040770,Posted: 19 February,all,AnOtterFailure,"I've been enjoying it, not too many issues, a few framerate issues here or there depending on the map but nothing ridiculous.Didn't notice issues with P2P at first.The more I play the more I despise it however, I hate getting disconnected after winning one or two rounds, I've wasted that time unless I was working on an ""Order"" involving kills.Matchmaking can also be a little god awful sometimes, if you notice pay attention when match making it'll note ""Player Skills"" it'll start off strict, move to extended, then move to anyone at all. Sometime's it happens after a longer period, sometimes it happens after no more than 5 seconds, what this means is that a newer player (Like me) who has enough experience in a single character to be at most level 5 ends up matched against someone who has nearly prestieged twice. This means that they have nearly 35 levels of experience on one particular character than you do.I recommend the game but they need to fix matchmaking and considered having dedicated servers for games with 4 or more players.Edit: 10 games in a row is too much, please no more disconnecting. :'c"
76561198011846160,Recommended,304390,30041891,Posted: 19 February,all,Tyani,"I have to say, after reading all the negative reviews, I was expecting to be severely disappointed. Glad I was wrong with my expectations. The gameplay itself is an absolute joy to play, even though I'm still really terrible and even when I'm losing it's still a blast.Went through the story campaign, there's nothing really all that special in it, but it lets you learn a few of the heroes and has some funny moments. The real meat of the game comes from multiplayer, of course, and this is where it can get a bit iffy for some people.I generally did 1v1 duels for most of my PvP so far, having tried domination for a few rounds and just didn't care for the style. Duels are definitely where skill shines through, no stat buffs, no feats, just pure blade against blade. Most of the negative reviews I've seen have been saying that the peer to peer system makes it impossible to stay in games, and I didn't seem to run across this issue. Even the domination matches I did seemed to go just fine.That said, the matchmaking is absolutely horrid. High and Very High Activity should not take minutes to find a match.Overall the gameplay is worth the terrible matchmaking, in my opinion.YMMV"
76561198156243374,Recommended,304390,30024088,Posted: 18 February,all,[Gx] Kuro,Nice game very addicted to it
76561198355515581,Recommended,304390,30104585,Posted: 22 February,all,Wadlz,"Game is incredibly fun to play and it looks amazing.  My only complaint is that I get disconnected from a game that last longer than 2 minutes, 3 out 5 games is about the average for a disconnect to happen.  I recommend this game, but I hope the PvP connection issue gets fixed or it wont be worth the money by any means."
,Not Recommended,304390,30089402,Posted: 21 February,all,ToolGear,Connection Fail Simulator 2017...
,Recommended,304390,30501823,Posted: 13 March,all,Kursed,"I really love this game. I played it through the early stages with a roster of unbalanced characters that were painful to play against. I met some friends and tried new characters and that was enough incentive to keep me playing for 300+ hours, and I couldn't be more excited for season 2 to start. new characters, rebalancing some broken mechanics, and I hope that if you're reading this, you'll listen to me and buy this game when it's on sale or try it during the free weekend and see that it is worth it.I love this game because it kinda has something for everyone. If you love finding a character you enjoy and then putting time in to master them, this game is for you. If you're the kind of person who enjoys making your character look like some warrior god coming to cleanse the land of your enemies, this game is for you. If you like playing with friends, this game is great. If you love flexing your skills in 1v1 duels to the death, this game is for you.I just ask you guys: give the free weekend a shot, and if you enjoy it, I hope you'll join us. The people who have stuck around with the game are devoted to it because we love it, even for all it's faults."
,Not Recommended,304390,31671243,Posted: 10 May,all,Shuff,"To start off, I've never written my serious opinion on a game like this before, but this game is willing to push me to that point.Was a really good base idea, and the game has nice a aesthetic. However here are some problems you're going to face:- Unresposnsive and slow dev team- Very long que times for duel game modes- Abusable server connections (alt tabbing in a game can freeze the game for everyone and cause it to crash the server)- Many micro transactions (None of which are required to preform well, but it's obviously a large focus for their $60 game)- If you lag, you will dc out of single player (lol)- Horrible cheese tactics and 50/50 combat stylesMaybe this game will be a second playout of RS:S, where the launch is terrible and a year or so later the devs finally get their♥♥♥♥♥♥(sort of) in check, but is it really worth it?Don't give Ubisoft even more undeserved revenue, and even more so don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30383032,Posted: 7 March,all,Slamarchy,"Not a bad game in the least, but does leave much to be desired. It's an obvious fighting game, but it feels like they've diluted it with overcomplicated features in an attempt to give the game more depth. I returned it shortly after buying, but may repurchase when the price drops, as it doesn't feel like a $60 game."
76561197999057141,Recommended,304390,31375939,Posted: 26 April,all,Mr.Bakudan,"Overall, fun and interesting fighting system, if you can get over the connection issues, people who exploit characters and certain moves and the overall saltiness of this game.Though to be fair, Ubisoft is slowing starting to listen and fix it.Maybe wait to get it until a couple of more patches"
76561198094482184,Recommended,304390,31711877,Posted: 12 May,all,EchoesOfLegend,"For Honor is a great PvP game that has scoring and match styles like CoD and Destiny, fighting mechanics like AC, and combos like fighting games. I would highly recomend it to anyone looking for a different sort of PvP experience.I wouldn't recomend getting it for the ""immersive campaign"", as the writing and storyline is mostly mediocre, with a few cringe-worthy moments, yet some good ones.All in all, if your into PvP, yes. PvE and Campaign, there are better games out there."
,Recommended,304390,29915798,Posted: 13 February,all,A Mightyena,"I'm on the third mission in the campaign so far, mouse and keyboard on the hardest difficulty for single player: realistic (one life, no combat ui -- combat ai tells you which guard stance you and your opponent are in)My only complaint is that I can't flat turn off the mouse-flick to change guard stance, I have it bound to two separate mouse buttons and scroll up which is much more comfortable to me... so I have to be very very careful not to move my mouse in combat.Game does a superb job of optimizing your settings on launch, I tried changing a few and went from rock-steady 60 fps to 30 fps.Be warned though, a few of the settings seem tied to fps. Personal preference for steady fps versus unstable fps, and I couldn't get my game into any middle ground between 30 fps and 60 fps: it was either one or the other. I like that, you may not.Fun game though. Buy it. Haven't even played for 2 hours and I already think it's worth every penny.Edit: clarification"
76561198066885242,Recommended,304390,30400239,Posted: 8 March,all,Iceblood,"Great game, the p2p pvp is not as bad as all the reviews make it seem like."
76561198009786810,Recommended,304390,30065741,Posted: 20 February,all,Roz Britanicus,Play fast and chaotic in a good way .*great graphics*fantastic gamepaly*good sound track*all the characters are differant and require some training to us them well.*fun ( which to me is most important)10/10
,Recommended,304390,30021244,Posted: 18 February,all,BuckNBull,"HOLY GOD THIS GAME!!! This game is amazing!!! It has beautiful graphics even if you set them to low. Also the ""Art of Combat"" Material is INSANE!!! When I first got the game I had no Idea what I was doing. But the game helped and taught me how to fight, Defend, and occasionally throw an enemy off a cliff. I give this game a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,304390,29995679,Posted: 17 February,all,Imparat0r,"It is a very good game. It does, however, have a few issues. Namely the connection. Its not horrendously bad, but it could be a lot better. Occasionally I get an error and get disconnected to the host.It happens. BUT, I love the game, love the gameplay and love all the classes and the depth of the customization, so I endure the connection issues. If you like medieval fighting games and if you are prepared to endure a few connection issues now and then, you should totally buy it.7.5/10. It would be  a 10, but only if Ubisoft manages to fix some of the above mentioned flaws."
,Recommended,304390,30152270,Posted: 24 February,all,Flare the Fake Sun,"For Honor is a Emotional Documentary teaching its user-base what its like to get GangRaped In Pangea during feudal war involving Japanese, Norse, and ♥♥♥♥ing Crusaders. Oh yeah dis geam require not have shiternet.WE WILL TAKE JEW-ROOSILAM! DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT  DEUS VULT DEUS VULT"
76561197993400396,Recommended,304390,32542350,Posted: 18 June,all,Mr.Silver,"FOR HONOR, as they call it.I bought this and it seemed to be my type of game, so now I love it"
,Recommended,304390,32542496,Posted: 18 June,all,Cuboid,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198082111877,Not Recommended,304390,30104969,Posted: 22 February,all,PepeMeister,-P2P servers (no dedicated servers)-micro transactions-40$ season pass-Connection issues-They treat the game as if this was a f2p game-uplayWould not recommend if you have bad internet connection. Good looking graphics though.Well done ubisoft *claps*
76561198079289237,Not Recommended,304390,30045858,Posted: 19 February,all,Ken Kaneki,THE GOD DAMN BLOCKING IS SO UNRELIABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Full of ddosers that kick you out of games just because you are going to win. Servers are peer to peer which means that they get your IP address. Overall a good game but the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and♥♥♥♥♥♥kids who ddos♥♥♥♥♥♥me the ♥♥♥♥ off.
76561198034357352,Not Recommended,304390,32441859,Posted: 15 June,all,Horde,ive been playing for 4 months now....and now i started to feel sucks and irritated with broken matchmaking...two ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new unbalanced hero...its sad to see this great game fall because of this kind of thing
76561198326860240,Not Recommended,304390,30018966,Posted: 18 February,all,Wrathlife,"This game is very addicting, very fresh and fun experience (with high amount of salt) .... well. It would be all of that what I just mentioned if the game didnt use peer to peer topology. Since for honor is fighting game focused on pin point precision in order for you to sucefully perform combos, counter guard breaks and such (all of those are matters of few frames and miliseconds) it is absuletly hilarious this game uses such unreliable model, which brings a lot of questionable interactions due to the nature of the connection, hosts migrations, hacks (yes the game is already hacked, google is your friend) and such.. I cannot recommend this game. Do not purchase this title unless they will improve the very basics of for honor."
,Not Recommended,304390,30070998,Posted: 20 February,all,Animal Mother,"Alright quick review on Ubisoft's newest game For Honor, don't get me wrong its a fun game but geez louise the servers are complete garbage to the point where you have to queue up matchmaking up to 3 times to finally find a game, that is if the game you get into isn't a current landslide in favour of the enemy team. On to the obvious Ubisoft 'Season Pass' I feel like this is going to be another Rainbow 6 Siege situation where to obtain the new characters they promised in the future will be a complete grindfest. Now to the campaign, its really nothing interesting compare it to another hack and slash where you really dont need any strategy until the some odd bosses you will encounter.Bottom line: Really not worth $60 dollars, i would wait until it goes on sale."
76561198118783132,Not Recommended,304390,30070682,Posted: 20 February,all,Invincible,SERVER IS CRAAAAPPPP. I have amazing internet and the I cant get into one match without me or other players getting disconnected. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
76561198170052827,Not Recommended,304390,29953881,Posted: 15 February,all,XXX_pdwλwe_XXX™,Well this is the last review i will leave this game on so here we goPROs:Fun gameplay interesting concept good FPS?CONS:Before we hate on the horrible server system of this game lets go through everything else#1 not worth 60$I bought the game 3 days after its full release and played the beta and loved it. The first thing i noticed is that this game is not worth 60 dollars due to lack of content it has a story and fighting and thats about it.ControlsThe controls were horrible on most rounds i just spammed keys until i killed someone. The 1 on 1 fighting mechanic was interesting but useless because you ended up being killed before you could use it.Season pass new charactersWell after about 6 months Ubisoft decided to release the content of the first season pass by giving us 3 new characters which if you grind for your whole life you will not have to pay 30 dollars. When they released this i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean come on you didnt fix your servers and you add new characters that look trash.UbisoftNow I do not mind Uplay but what pisses me off is when you try to launch the game and Uplay decides not to work (this happened many times to me) therefore prohibiting you from playing the game.ServersWell here we are the most important feature of this games failure. THIS GAMES SERVERS ARE HORRIBLE OMFG. 99.9% of the time you get timed out of a match so you end up playing AI vs people and that is just to easy. So now you have an overpriced game that you cant even play.
,Not Recommended,304390,31186719,Posted: 16 April,all,LegitSeabass,"Despite all of my hours in this game, I cannot recommend it to anyone. I personally play it all of the time. Most of my free time is spent in this game. I love it. Unfortunately, even though I love it, the game has too many bugs, glitches, needed nerfs, etc. The same thing that everyone has been telling you. The community killed this game quicker than the devs could release an update, and that was our fault. Save your money and go enjoy a more solid game instead."
,Not Recommended,304390,30306702,Posted: 3 March,all,Endarkus™,"Everything about this game is good, the mechanics, the fighting, customization, maps everything.Except the matchmaking is comepletly ♥♥♥♥ed.First game I played, level 1 (me) vs level 20's like wtf is that?Idk whether or not to refund it cause its impossible to win games, then the people on your team leave and you get bots so."
76561197981310689,Not Recommended,304390,29994558,Posted: 17 February,all,Doc [SIRRIS],Matchmaker:        0/10Ragemode spam:10/10Gear-Stats:          0/10Netcode:              0/10Grafik:                 9/10Sound:                 9/10Story:                  6/10Bugs/Exploits:    10/10___________________Patch 28.2.2017Matchmaker:       -2/10Ragemode spam:10/10Gear-Stats:          0/10Netcode:             -2/10Grafik:                 9/10Sound:                 9/10Story:                  6/10Bugs/Exploits:  +20/10
,Not Recommended,304390,30110451,Posted: 22 February,all,killtobi,"great gameplay yet horrifyingly annoying bugs. how this isn't beta baffels me. so uncomplete. wtf is up with peer-to-peer as well, everybody leaves and that ruins fights. also mega lags"
,Recommended,304390,31022861,Posted: 8 April,all,JoJoTag,"The servers are just great in this game. Hey, I almost finished a game where I did a lot of eliminations for my order but guess what, I lost connection when it said ""VICTORY"". Peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥I was so ♥♥♥♥ing mad everyone in my neighborhood could hear me. So let me give you a quick conclusion.gameplay = very goodservers      = very ♥♥♥♥ing bad6/10"
76561198345533932,Not Recommended,304390,33417143,Posted: 9 July,all,Some_White_Guy,"The game is so much fun when it works the way it should. The new combat style is what drew me in, and entices me to try the game again and again (I have stopped playing and came back for the gameplay). However until Ubisoft gets rid of the peer to peer connections and switches to servers the matches are going to be all sorts of messed up. Because of the connection issues players have stopped coming back, like myself, and that ends up leaving the dedicated players to reach an absurd skill level so it is impossible for anyone else to jump back in and have a decent game without constant death.TLDR; Super fun game, but needs real servers so everyone can enjoy the gameplay."
76561198090147945,Not Recommended,304390,30305126,Posted: 3 March,all,Blind Ian,"This game is fun! Great for 1v1's and 2v2'sGreat Fighting SystemBut the gear score, is crap. Revenge mode instantly getting spammed.I can beat a Rep 7 without gear score but once thats involved they just get revenge mode over and over and over.For that simple reason I cant recommend this game at full price. People dump $100's into it and are just OP."
76561198103342133,Not Recommended,304390,30305195,Posted: 3 March,all,ScoobY,MP is really fun but not when u get booted out of every game because of connection to ubi servers. If i add up every DC from every other game i have ever played it is prob equal to the amount i have gotten in 15 hrs of play time in for honor
76561198072800918,Not Recommended,304390,31170897,Posted: 15 April,all,Surf N Terf,"Takes forever to find a match, my brother just got the game and our first match we were playing aginst prestige 5s and 6s while on our team none of us had any prestige characters. They pair you up with people at completely different skill levels and completely different gear stats. It just makes the game unplayable."
76561198155624951,Not Recommended,304390,30020102,Posted: 18 February,all,12345678nine,I Can't Even play the game becuase if your fps drops once below 30 it kicks u and i have my settings on the lowest this is the stupidest rule I have ever heard of I can't afford a super computer so my fps wont fall below 30 i just wasted 70 buying a game i cant even play
76561197997184053,Not Recommended,304390,30020464,Posted: 18 February,all,Green,talk about a Awesome game with So much potential absolutly ruined and destroyed by a corperate entity trying to save some cash on servers... ruined the game ruined any chance that they had of this game lasting and moving to a competitive level and ruined in reality all the income they would have gotten thank goodness steam has the ability to refund games...
,Recommended,304390,29975400,Posted: 16 February,all,Undead Taco,"The game is pretty fun, but the matchmaking and community are absolute garbage.  Even when trying a new class that is completely ungeared and you have no idea how to use it, the game will match you against people sporting high level armor who have learned their character.  The community seems like most of the people playing are 10 year olds.  One other thing to add is that I've usually been finding matches in a matter of seconds without having any lag (playing Dominion mode mostly if it matters), but I have some friends who have issues with finding matches, so that seems kind of iffy right now.  With that being said, I do love the game so I'd recommend it, but i'd suggest waiting for the price to drop.  Alternatively, you could just get Chivalry: Medieval Warfare because For Honor is pretty much the same thing with better graphics, and rediculously priced microtransactions, especially for a full priced game.Whoever's idea it was to ship such a great game with so many connectivity issues should be be demoted to Janitor."
,Not Recommended,304390,30194668,Posted: 26 February,all,Arcar,wouldnt recommend playing it just because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥p2p system the game and all is alot of fun but aslong as ubisoft doesnt get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together 60 euros is not worth it
,Recommended,304390,30163548,Posted: 25 February,all,Rain,Best Game Of The Year So Far I Totally Recommend this game
,Recommended,304390,30168460,Posted: 25 February,all,Klaus,"For Honor.For Honor is a very fun and addictive game for people out there who enjoy PvP Swordplay combat games, I've played through the Closed Alpha, the Beta's and got the game soon after release. There are problems in the game but from what I've seen from the Tests to the game now, a lot has changed which makes me beleive the issues with the game will be fixed.Pros.- The Combat is easy to jump into and very rewarding when you begin to master it.- A good selection of different Heroes to choose from with fun Execution effects.- 1v1 and 2v2 Duels are extremely fun regardless if you win or lose.- Practice modes, Custom modes and Bots to practice against (Bots that do nothing, Bots that Only use heavy attacks, Bots that Fight moderately well and bots that fight well)Cons.- Peer to Peer connections (No Servers) ( I personally don't have issues unlike others but Servers would be better.)- Character Balances (A couple of classes are a pain to Vs due to infinite combos that are difficult to get out of.)-  Environmental kills (Pushing people off Ledges or other Insta-kill no skil ways to kill your oponents exist in the maps, which I personally think should be removed from 1v1/2v2 Duels)- Being Ganged up on is almost certainly a loss if there's more than two people attacking you at once.My verdict is that the game is certainly worth a purchase, if you aren't exactly into Dueling games I'd wait for a sale but if these type of games interest you I'd say it's certainly worth the money.People have mentioned the community is bad, but personally I've met some decent people in Duels (I rarely play Dominion and Deathmatch though.) and I've had many matches with the same people where we give eachother tips and improve our tactics, I beleive most of the 'Salty' players are in the other modes where people tend to gangup a lot more."
,Recommended,304390,29970750,Posted: 16 February,all,WubaLuba,"For Honor is a great game. Runs smooth, great graphics, awesome fighting mechanics, unique characters.Now it has P2P matchmaking which is stupid, why did ubisoft do this no one will know.But thats the only thing wrong with it. Ocasionally you wont be able to queue for a 1 mode, so you can just restart game, or play another mode for a match then the mode you originally wanted will work.Game is NOT pay 2 win, each character is 500 steel, you get 3500 from doing both tutorials. Not only that but you CAN still play the characters in live matches without unlocking them, or spending any steel at all. But unlocking the character lets you equip gear customize and so on. Not only that but you can get easy 600 steel per day by completing 2 daily orders like, ""Play two dominion matches (player vs player). WOW so hard right.Now on the topic of gear and how you can pay 2 get gear, and win. NOT true at all, gear only gives a slight advantage, because if someone goes and pays 20$ and opens a bunch of gear packs, and gets a sword blade with the highest attack in the game, it will reduce the amount of defense he has GREATLY. So now he will kill fast, but will die just as fast. Not only that but to get such a high level peice of gear he has to be prestiged, because the gear you get depends on your level and prestige. Also gear only applies in 4v4 modes, so if your scared of high gear levels you can play duel or brawl until you get good gear. Which the gear only gives a minor advantage, of like 2%-5%. The game is basically only skill based. So therefor the game is not pay 2 win, its pay and play alot 2 get a slight advantage, and pay 2 skin.Great game buy itThe people saying its pay 2 win and such clearly havent played the game, and dont understand it, not only that but most dont even have 2+ hours on the game lol."
76561198016794908,Recommended,304390,29976247,Posted: 16 February,all,Matchbox,Great game. Bad reviews.
76561198030111244,Recommended,304390,30174183,Posted: 25 February,all,Baxter 🐰,"As somone who hated on this game since 2015, I can tell you It's worth buying.Why I hated on this game? Because it looked boring on E3 and Ubisoft disappointed me with ''The Divison'' and ''Watch Dogs''When did I change my mind? When I had a chance to play this game in the Open Beta for free, you have to play this game to feel the combat mechanics. The combat in For Honor is the best I've experienced in my whole gaming life, and I'm thankful to Ubisfot for letting me test it in the open beta because that's what made it buy it.Pros:Animations - 10/10Customization - 10/10Combat - 10/10Textures - 10/10Maps - 10/10-Voice Chat-Emotes-BalancedCons:-Group/Party system sucks; can't always invite people to your group without restarting the game.or else it says: ''Failed to invite player''.-Servers issues; Sometimes you just get kicked out of a match because the host leaves.-Can't make custom matches against your friends."
76561197972863322,Not Recommended,304390,30304341,Posted: 3 March,all,Sparky3007,"Looked good and hoped the server issues finshed. So started, seemed good to begin with even though I was playing a female character(Im male and wanted a male character but never had option to choose). After 3 missions as a female I wanted restart.......Impossible! The game continues with no option of a restart. i have asked forums and steam and no way to restart! i like to play games, make mistakes, then start in earnest. No chance here. Very frustrating!"
76561198127945478,Not Recommended,304390,30304728,Posted: 3 March,all,Tall Morty,i spent about 18 hors of my playtime recovering the game state
76561198105562917,Not Recommended,304390,30304987,Posted: 3 March,all,ITgamer35,The game really depends on your connection. I am unable to play online and whenever it loads I get kicked. They really need to add dedicated servers to the game. Even in single player I got kicked a few times because the connection droped on me.I do have a pretty good internet connection with plenty of bandwidth but I do not know why I am not able to play the game in multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,304390,30067716,Posted: 20 February,all,Kingswat,"In its current state I wouldn't buy the game, the P2P system is terrible, the game not picking up mouse clicks or movements is also common.  Basically in its current state its ""spam the same combo over and over simulator"".  I would give Ubi some time to figure out what they were actually trying to do with this game."
76561198130152907,Not Recommended,304390,30365430,Posted: 6 March,all,GranatKuk,"Like half of the games I bought made by ubisoft, you install it, can play for a while and then all of a sudden the game becomes un launchable. You can see the fancy logo but the game istelf wont start although your PC keeps telling the game is running. best 90 euro purschase ever, just like assassins creed syndicate."
,Not Recommended,304390,30301751,Posted: 3 March,all,Alex,"This game could've been great but the enjoyment factor just isn't there for me, refunded."
,Not Recommended,304390,29982954,Posted: 17 February,all,iLL MAC10,"Good game.Bad community.Horrible servers, almost unplayable.Review will remain as it is until they fix the server issues."
,Recommended,304390,29935567,Posted: 14 February,all,大触嗨森,FORRRRRRRHONORRRRRRR!
,Recommended,304390,29982024,Posted: 17 February,all,MrGandalf,Pros:-Amazing graphics-Smooth and exciting combatCons:-Few minor bugs-Some lagOverallI would definitely recommend because it has the perfect combination of being easy to play and hard to master so it never gets boring as your skills slowly increase.
76561198139404595,Not Recommended,304390,30068890,Posted: 20 February,all,Toastin,"I want to start by saying this is a really fun game with unique and entertaining combat (albeit with some major balance issues), but I cannot recomend it because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor connectivity. it takes far too long to get into a game, and when you finally do, you often get disconnected breifly only to return to your character's dead body. Or even worse, you may just get disconnected from the match entirely. This happens so frequently that it makes the game for a large part almost unplayable. Don't buy this game until ubisoft gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together with the servers, and matchmaking."
,Not Recommended,304390,30160998,Posted: 25 February,all,Exodus.,"Unless they release a patch that fixes basic things that are usually fixed a couple days in (Crashes, freezes, proper matchmaking, matchmaking preferences.. etc) I don't recommend this game. I'd also like to point out that 90% of the players you encounter are spammers that use the same broken combo over and over again. Campaign is beatable within < 3 hours on the max difficulty. Overhyped."
76561198036617613,Not Recommended,304390,30161543,Posted: 25 February,all,LightlyToastedIfYouOrALovedOne,"-Joined friends group to play viking campaign-About 15 seconds in proceeded to freeze as my camera dropped threw the floor and out of excistence-After about a minute of a frozen screen optimistically hoping to return  my camera sees something in the distance-Distant object flies at camera at high speeds, or was it the camera flying towards the object?-Object is revealed to be a T-Model of a valkrie and the camera flies into her face-Freezes inside models face-Crash4/10 not enough crash -ign"
,Not Recommended,304390,30161665,Posted: 25 February,all,Blue,"TL;DR Good mechanics for combat but crap networking errorsthe game frequently kicks you from que to menu because it tried to join you into a full game. After a game people leave the group, instead of sticking you into que again it waits the time limit untill it gives you an error to main menu again. The load times are terrable because it goes though so many menus between rounds is a long gap of gloating time or something im not sure its to the point that you will spend less time doing 1v1 duels than in pre game screens and after death resets that most people dont even bother changing the person they are vsing because its not worth waiting in que again even if its a bad matchup or a boring one.The revive mechanic is the most anoying thing in the game because in several game modes it makes fighting almost pointless if your allies are not better then the opponents it creates the meta of people runing away from fights and lots more behavior that is irritating to play against when you just want to have a good fight.Either get rid of the res mechanic or at least give us a ground finisher so the hard won fights dont become poitless or just having 1 extra guy in a fight means overwhealming victory because you cant beat it when the extra just res the downed allies before you can do anything about it leading to a spiral to doom no matter if 1 of you are good enough to take on 2 guys at oncethe revenge metre has been going off every 2 seconds now i understand that its to prevent lower the gap between a 2v1 situation but the res makes it pointless even if you can get the kill you will have wasted your time because they will just res him 3 seconds later so it means its the optimal strat to just run away which is a real kick in the teath for the slow characters in the especialy because of the high amount of assassin players on every matchsome characters just dont have a way to do anything once you start vsing higher level people lawbringer for example can counter and disable people well but with his horrificaly low stamina he cant actualy do anything with it let alone if he did he could not do any damage anyway mainly to do with the fact that his stuns only get a free light attack which dose jack. so skilled people vsing echother the lawbringer would have to punish alot of the other players mistakes while makeing almost none himself.  Kensei has no way of initiating against anyone skilled either so hes just a noob stomper and Warden is even worse because he can sholder slam spam it is possible to deal with but its too easy to do for how effective it is so even if your skilled enough to counter it as long as thats not all they know how to do they will just go back to normal tactics again and maybe bring it out again when you least expect it too bad by the point he uses it the first time you will have lost half your health so its just a part of his every battle combo. I could go on but those are the main things that bug me for the characters maby orochi doing too much damage with spam attacks when he is supposed to be a counter character same as peacekeeper. Countering is supposed to be hard they even made it easier by giving them a riposite mechanic extra but most people dont bother and just spam attacks while flying around you because its more effective because you dont have to risk ♥♥♥♥ing up the counter which is strange considering that they are supposed to be counter attack characters.As for maps i should say they are alright nothign special EXCEPT for the duels it puts you on little bridges TOO OFTEN those maps its just see who can throw somone off the cliff the fastest which makes for terrable fights because even if you are doing good on a fast character just a light push or a miss step sends you to death too easily.p.s for the duels you should do what chivilry did and just have a big room or court yard where you can just fight people that was really great it dident even need to be modirated you just go in front of the person you want to duel and do a little dance they dance back and its ON! you fight you die you respawn if you want go back to the same person and do it all over again which so much beter than all the downtime this game has between rounds and matches and the que system defintly dosent help the cause. And if somone was a♥♥♥♥♥♥and attacked people dueling then the people stop thier duel and kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥usally ends in the entire server play kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥untill he leaves.So in essence i would not recommend this game because its one of those games that is grreat for a little while then gets more and more frustrating as you play at least for the moment this game has so many things done right  its a good game but its taken down by its own faults in all the wrong places and the free to play model of trying to frustrate your wallet out of you dosent help matters"
76561198257402776,Not Recommended,304390,30357605,Posted: 6 March,all,MKTFox,"I enjoy the game mechanics as it plays today. However, the support for this game is awful. I have been kicked out of 10+ games randomly as well as ""connection"" issues. I could deal with these issues if it was not for being completely shut out of the game for incorrectly signing in with my email once. Which is my fault yes. However, after contacting customer service four times it is ridiculous to have nothing fixed waiting 2+ hours each time. Do not buy this game because of the service alone."
,Not Recommended,304390,30357981,Posted: 6 March,all,tuanconst1986,"PLAYED FOR NEARLY 40 HOURS AND CANT GET CONNECTED OVER 5 MATCHS / DAY, ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISUCK"
,Not Recommended,304390,30273397,Posted: 1 March,all,Captain Dickhead,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, it's a really intense 3d fighting game, at least in the 4v4, 2v2, and 1v1s. I've put a lot of hours into it so far, and have an almost prestige 2 Lawbringer. HOWEVER, p2p. As much enjoyment as I get out of this game, I cannot seriously recommend it to anyone because the p2p is really that bad. And I'm not just memeing either, I get randomly disconnected from games and get network errors almost as much as I get to actually play the game, all because it connects me to a host on the other side of the ♥♥♥♥ing world. The worst part? There's no excuse for this. Ubisoft has a net worth of $3.7b USD, so I damn well KNOW FOR A FACT that they can afford to get dedicated servers for a very reaction and timing based fighting game. Networking like this is absolutely unacceptable."
76561198165590571,Not Recommended,304390,31208186,Posted: 17 April,all,Julesbel,"I bought the game 80$ and had fun for a while when the players had what the majority of players call ""honor"" but then, it got to a point where players were exploiting game mechanics to win their games and the ""honor"" was gone, the only way to win was to play like them but it's not fun at all, in conclusion, if you want to buy the game, you will have fun for the first 30hrs but be ready for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ting."
,Recommended,304390,30018304,Posted: 18 February,all,.826 XXCALIBERXX,"This game is u like any other I've played. I am really enjoying the story and multiplayer. All around well built and great game mechanics if there is one downfall to this game its connecting to people online. Besides that plays flawlessly, ill be grinding this game out for awhile."
,Not Recommended,304390,30019274,Posted: 18 February,all,Tempe,"I really, really enjoy the gameplay and we've had countless of great moments in the game with friends but at this state of game I absolutely cannot recommend to purchase the game.The condition of servers is abysmal and absolutely unacceptable (disconnecting people during the game, countless connection errors and not being able to play with friends or to play at all). Considering that the game costs 60€ (just the standard edition), the servers are still in a state of beta. I understand P2P servers (that the game uses) are an affordable and light option but considering the fact that Ubisoft is a multimillion triple A company, the idea of having P2P servers in a reaction-based game is just absurd... and it's already year 2017 where even Call of Duty series have moved towards of using Dedicated Servers.Still imo the game has an idea of decade and I still play the game a lot. I am not worried about the balance of classes or the buzz about guard break. I really don't have any beef with those small issues that are easily adjusted (or just by getting better at the game).Dear Ubisoft, if you are looking forward to see an eSports scene (or even to see the game survive) in FOR HONOR - you definitely need to focus on the real issue (THE CONDITION OF SERVERS) that will kill the game in few months if not dealt with. I really hope For Honor doesn't suffer a painful death because of wrong decisions since the game has a ridiculous amount of potential in it. Hear our thoughts.As a customer, I'd recommend to think twice before purchasing the game. It's pretty pricy considering how things are in the game atm. SIXTY euros for a standard edition of the game in a state like this, is devastating."
76561198143371125,Recommended,304390,30060959,Posted: 20 February,all,MehOfMeyhem,Ok ... i lke the game has very fun to play classes and modes nice content but the servers are super bad this is unpro move by ubisoft i dont understunnd why . Butu the game has prospectives its up to ubi
76561198288128016,Not Recommended,304390,32288306,Posted: 9 June,all,jwsand02,"For Honor was an awesome experience and I hope to see another company use concpts from its fighting dynamics to further build on the Gem that this game could have been. I personally hope to one day use elements of this game as solidinspiration towards one day developing my own game, though Amazon Lumberyard or whatever, but still. I fight with foamnerf swords in real life and have experienced the battle bliss this game seeks to render, but anyways I drone on and yea: dedicated servers, never should have pay to play, try to set armor ranks, yada yada its already dead just hope someone in office learns one day. Btw I'm swearing off all Ubisoft games due to sheer stubbornnress and I hobe Ubi would atleast sell the scraps to Blizzard to fix. May only be a drop in yo bucket but it's a leak non-the-less."
76561198045145332,Not Recommended,304390,32281114,Posted: 8 June,all,JabV,"The game is good, but not as good as you though after a few hours, it becames kind of repetitive after a few hours, the fighting style is very good too, well done, it has a few flaws but it keep u hook to the game, the single player is just to show u a back story of each hero and how to play with them, the multiplayer is the base of the game but doesnt fill that need for PVP, like a i said after a few hours the game lose that, i would recommend it if they lower the price for the game."
76561198078478875,Recommended,304390,32404054,Posted: 13 June,all,The Laughing Hyena,This game is highly cancerous...Rainbow Six Siege has operation health going on this season for their season pass holders...Where the hell is For Honor on that????I think the DEVs need to talk about operation health for For Honor.
76561198107858852,Not Recommended,304390,30187227,Posted: 25 February,all,jazzzzzzzzzz,"Ubisoft is trying to make quick money instead of investing and making the game great, the ptp connection system is horrible. Do not buy this game until they get a dedicated server it, your screen and ur opponent screen can look extremely different which will cause lag and the person with stronger connection to the host wins or host wins,"
76561198009625007,Not Recommended,304390,30187336,Posted: 25 February,all,supershankster,"let me just say I love this game the gameplay is super fun and addicting it does have some problems but it's truly unique and definitally not boring, the story is nothing special but that's alright the main focus of the game is the multiplayer which is also fun but obviously like everyone else says the peer to peer connection is killing the game it needs to be adressed or the game will die very quickly, now it isn't unplayable as some people bring it out to be but in a game like for honor where reaction and timing is key the lagging and the occasional dropping from the game is horrible and today i wasn't able to play at all with Uplay not working well i dont know what's up with that personally I suggest you wait and see if they add dedicated servers to this game or if it goes on sale by a reasonable amount.It's sad because i was so hyped for this game and honestly I know Ubisoft can afford the servers but it's been 2 weeks since release and still nothing it's disappointing really. UBI pls fix"
76561198165911708,Not Recommended,304390,30180455,Posted: 25 February,all,SavageSmith97,Game is really fun when it works but P2P servers are ridciously cheap out and very unstable
76561198059292035,Not Recommended,304390,32057168,Posted: 29 May,all,Springmyster,The new DLC leaves the game both unbalanced and unenjoyable for those who prefer the older heroes. I do not recommend anyone buy this game at all.
76561198081772477,Recommended,304390,29998338,Posted: 17 February,all,[FON]DeadshoT,nice game i like it
76561198036464786,Recommended,304390,29975309,Posted: 16 February,all,Geordie3rd,Real funGreat visualsUnique experienceDeep gameplayIntense multiplayerWell balanced characters
,Not Recommended,304390,29992029,Posted: 17 February,all,HessuB,"No dedicated servers make the connectivity really horrible and the inbalance makes it not so fun to play. Microtransactions are included because Ubijew. Positive things are graphics, well optimized and the animations look smooth."
76561198019142846,Recommended,304390,29998375,Posted: 17 February,all,anastymoocow,you will love it or hate it simple if you dont like hack and slash that is a bit reppetive dont get this game! i find it fun and a nice change from all the shooters i play
76561197966757791,Recommended,304390,30009015,Posted: 18 February,all,PatCat,"Not a hack and slash. I've played it on PC and the blocking/ fighting works fine. A little bit easier than M&B, but each player can shine when it comes to skill. A lot of different classes in the game, each with their own design and fighting-style. Game has a defined key-mapping which presumes to complicate things for some PC users, so if you're not a fan of mastering the keyboard, but would rather click and kill as in ""slashers"", then its not for you."
,Recommended,304390,30021992,Posted: 18 February,all,Mime.,"For Honor is a fighter that plays off of the Chivalry Vibe, but takes it to a more competitive level. Each character has there strengths and weaknesses, and the combat is tight. There are some flaws with things like guard break and some characters having some broken mechanics, as well as the whole peer to peer connection bs, but overall this is a game that I can see myself pouring hundreds of hours into. Don't expect it to be easy, because it isn't. it's punishing and hard, but it rewards skilled play.another actual good game from Ubi, flaws and all."
76561198116148704,Recommended,304390,30029953,Posted: 19 February,all,kaankaya,Awesome!
76561198166526581,Not Recommended,304390,31817576,Posted: 18 May,all,Callukam,"I'm so disappointed. I can't lie, I did enjoy this game. For the first two hours. Then, you choose a main, learn how to play them well, which takes that two hours. Unfortunately, after this there is not much else to do if you don't enjoy dominion. There needs to be some more game modes, more variation in what you can do. What's more, the weapon stats are all good, until you realise that you haven't got enough money to rival the enemies stats. Fortunately, they're♥♥♥♥♥♥because rather than earning their steel, they bought it at the start, so even if it takes 50 hits, you kill them without ever taking a hit, which is DULLLLLL.Please Ubisoft, I love this games fighting system, just put more to do, and make steel un-buyable"
,Recommended,304390,30061074,Posted: 20 February,all,Septic Limb,A game about throwing people off of ledges and sometimes fighting but mostly throwing people off the ledge.Good fighting game. As you improve and start fighting better people you are going to hit a player level that does nothing but throw you off the ledge whenever possible or spam certain attacks over and over (you know who you are). Stay with the grind and eventauly you will push through the retard barrier and have some excellent fights with skilled players on the other side.
76561198045469716,Not Recommended,304390,30085370,Posted: 21 February,all,Old Man Dan,"I had a tough time deciding to downvote this but let me break down my decision to do so.We will start with the PROS1. The idea is amazing2. Graphics are superb.3. Ingenious mechanics.4. You tend to feel like you are a part of the battle.Now for the bad.1. P2P connection in a AAA game company is just Pathetic.2. The Matchmaking is pathetic. It claims to search based on your skill lvl but 9 times out of 10 you will get matched up against a team of prestige 3+ while your team is abunch of freshmeat.3. Obtainable Buffs in Elimination was a terrible idea.4. revenge mode is way to easy to get.5. Ubisoft wouldnt know what class balancing is even if it slapped them in the face,6. The entire Samauri classes are way to over powered. Kensei has and unblockable that heatseeks. Orochi.... welll he just takes no skill what so ever. Nobushi Does a ton of damage plus she can inflict incredibly powerfull bleeds. Shugoki has hight health and incredibly high damage with spamable unblockables.7. People who claim they have skill typically just spam unblockables until they run out of stam and then run till they regain it.Overall id say this game is at most at $30 title as it stands. Ubisoft has alot of work ahead of them if  they want to make this game worth 60 bucks. If ubisoft could get dedicated servers, and fix matchmaking and balancing. This game would be incredible. I also noticed that alot of the people who up voted this game play the easy classes that require little to no skill"
76561198097143601,Not Recommended,304390,30092394,Posted: 21 February,all,Cobar,Fix the horrible connection issues this is a great game other than that.
76561198063310338,Not Recommended,304390,30181089,Posted: 25 February,all,jmonarrez05,"Simply terrible experience.How does a game go from playable (in beta) to almost unplayable live?Terrible experience from installation (asking for auth-code) to constant crashes to the useless ""customer support""."
76561198044651111,Not Recommended,304390,30196287,Posted: 26 February,all,manicaftershock,"The game is a lot of fun. The combat system is fun and addicting, with the gameplay being a nice slice of cake. The problem is with the terribly paired peer to peer connection. I needs to have a dedicated server and that would solve most, if not all of its problems. As for the story, the opinion is subjective. I kind of liked it, but it was very repetitive, so thats a bit of a loss. Wait a few months for them to hopefully add a dedicated server, then buy. Until then, play something else, like theHunter: Call of the Wild."
,Not Recommended,304390,30625084,Posted: 19 March,all,Schweinsteiger,"Constant disconnects, lag, and NO matchmaking are only a few reasons I advise people to avoid giving money to such a terrible company. This is not the first nor the last time Ubisoft will release an unfinished and buggy excuse for a game."
,Not Recommended,304390,31856361,Posted: 20 May,all,[Woah!] - N00b.Wonderchild300,"I just played the singleplayer it was indeed a good experince as my 6 hours went, then after i got some Audio issues with the game i tried to fix it while still in the game but didnt work, i choose to log out of the game and in again and see if that was the cause of the problem, when i got back into the game the audio was back, BUT the game didnt even save once, so i had to start over from scratch. I do not want to play the game enymore (for now) as i cannot save at all, it really ruins the game and Ubisoft dosnt do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥to fix it... Im not going to play this for a while and im not happy, all the hard work put into the game but u dont have a save system that works like it should. Mulitplayer is alright with some bugs here and there, but dont play storymode without checking if it saves quick if i dont ur ♥♥♥♥ed. i wouldnt spend my money on this.... ever... too bad i already played over 2 hours...."
76561198218695967,Not Recommended,304390,30605980,Posted: 18 March,all,MrSkittles24,"Lets get one thing straight this game is fun and really intense at times, I mean I probably sweat more from this, than I do playing basket ball. It really brings strategy and competativness to a new level, oh wait whats that the servers dont work, oh right HOW COULD I FORGET ALL THE TIMES I GOT KICKED OUT OF GOOD MATCHES, ALL THE TIMES ME AND MY FRIENDS COULDNT JOIN EACH OTHERS PARTIES, ALL THE TIMES I TOOK AND HOUR TO COMPLETE AN ORDER AND THEN THE GAME CRASHES SO I DONT GET THE 1500 XP AND 100 STEAL I WORKED FOR. Please fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥vic $$$$"
76561198062115677,Not Recommended,304390,31818189,Posted: 18 May,all,Apiear,for a game that plays great and has some good features for a game 10/10 if it was made by a company that has a thing as servers i can only play 1 mode the others error 0002001512 i spent $60 on this i might as well bourght a slab of♥♥♥♥♥♥i would enjoy it more that sitting at my desk waiting for 45 mins for a error message to load biggest wase of money
,Not Recommended,304390,30330898,Posted: 4 March,all,xmlviking5,if you like to mash combos consistently on only 3 different characters and have enough money in your parents wallet for them microtransactions this is the game for you
76561198041548003,Not Recommended,304390,30519990,Posted: 14 March,all,Lucky Bob,"This game is amazingly fun and has so much potential and yet Ubisoft will be Ubisoft and ruin its own games. At the moment I don't recommend people buy this game until there are more content and patch fixes. Who knows whether or not Ubisoft will abandon this game. I sincerily hope they don't because I've had so much fun playing it besides the annoying issues with this game. Please Ubisoft read these reviews and fix this game, make FOR HONOR GREAT AGAIN!Pros-Combat is amazing and fun-Story mode was cool but kinda short and coop would be nice-No problem with graphics-At the moment, the amount of characters is fine, because it does take a bit of time anddedication to learn and master a character-Emblem customization is coolCons- Peer to Peer connection- The character customization is kinda lame, for some reason Ubisoft doesn't like showing character facesIn my opinion being able to show faces and change say, hairstyles, beards, eye color and such would add so much    more life to these sometimes dull characters.Unlockables for character apearances is also stupid. You mean to tell me that if I play a certain char for like 15+ hrsI only get dumb little squares and circle patterns, comon that is lame as hell.- Matches that allow gear stats, maybe come very very unbalanced.I'm still playing this game, if it gets better, I will come back and change my review. If i don't come back that means Ubisoft pretty much just said fudge you guys."
76561198272025884,Not Recommended,304390,30519928,Posted: 14 March,all,Mild-Mannered Payt,"This game should be called ""FOR GRAVITY"". Typical Ubisoft, cool idea with horrible execution. All the game consists of is: failed matchmaking, crashing, trying to get your NET to at least moderate, death by environment, death by meta spamming and unbalanced characters. This game takes no skill to be good at, only figuring out the most recent exploits. Would NOT recommend this joke of a game to anyone."
76561198005365320,Not Recommended,304390,30260898,Posted: 1 March,all,Forcas,"even after an update its still the same ( sorry i mean it got even worse ) f-ing bsbeing put in games that are empty and at the end of a game you hang around to start the next game to be told that there are not enough players to continue or getting thrown out of a game with some random bs errorim regretting buying this for £40,-Updated 21/05/17game just had major content update and still sucks balls with the random errors could not play 1 game out of 3 tries was kicked with a random error twice and third time it got stuck loading in.I think this game is going back on hold for another few months."
76561198048990899,Recommended,304390,30374554,Posted: 7 March,all,Waning Gibbous,"I truly enjoy this game. I have a lot of fun with it, especially when the people I play against like to have fun too. of course there are a few bad apples who like to stand next to a cliff then flame you when you sheild bash them down, but that's an unavoidable part of having an online experience. But I really enjoy this game, I like that I am able to play a game that has a mix of characters for a mix of playstyles. I, myself, main the Conqueror and I love the fact that I can defend against people who are too fast for me, and deal damage when they aren't ready. The connectivity issues are annoying, but I believe that this will be fixed in the near future. I don't have any other negative feedback other than that, I genuinly enjoy playing this game."
,Recommended,304390,30546230,Posted: 16 March,all,Daweimon,The P2P really isn't as big of an issue as other reviews make it out to be.  My only problem with this game so far has been that matchmaking takes a long time occaisionally.  Otherwise the gameplay is amazing and really fun to learn how to play each class effectively.  The satisfaction for playing well is on Dark Souls levels for me.
76561198053718957,Recommended,304390,30692084,Posted: 23 March,all,Tsukuyomi,"It feels like Dark Souls minus the magic, with the mechanics of a fighting game. So, like Mortal Souls..i guess...I have mixed feelings about this game, but it's greatest weakness is the Ubisoft servers. If they could fix their connectivity issues, it'd be hard not to like this game. Some of the way that leveling scales a character could use some touch up among other tweaks. They have admitted to knowing about most of these things, though, so i assume they'll work on it.Overall. Game makes me really angry, but the fact that i am still here addicted to it despite that speaks a lot. I enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29960833,Posted: 16 February,all,xx_7moud ♥,its a Beautifull gamebut the servers is so so so♥♥♥♥♥♥to much lag and deley i hope u fix your severs
,Recommended,304390,30253507,Posted: 28 February,all,FRIEND∞BESTÖ,"Great game, Ubisoft is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.  P2P multiplayer?  Really? Game should cost less if the company wont spend money.  Full of bugs, the game is less stable now than it was in beta.  This title had amazing prospects and♥♥♥♥♥♥poor implementation.  Awesome flavor of the month game, devolopers dont care enough for this to end up as anything other than a hack and slash equivilant of CS, or COD.  Game is barely out and already it reeks of money grubbery and corner cutting.10/10 cant wait for a real company to release a clone of this game.All in all the game is fun when/if it works, but♥♥♥♥♥♥tier buisness practices severly cripple the enjoyability."
76561198127491436,Not Recommended,304390,30185119,Posted: 25 February,all,twitch.tv/PutItInMyAssForMemeDad,Let me preface this by saying the gameplay in this game is fantastic and additcting.  Other than that this game is an abortion.  Ubisoft decided Uplay was a good idea.  Multiplayer is unplayable.  Peer to peer connection was supposed to be a thing of the past but Ubisoft was too goddamn cheap and♥♥♥♥♥♥this game out with peer to peer and slapped a 60 dollar price tag on it.  Nat type fluctuates and there is nothing you can do about it.  This game was a cash grab and it is sad because it could have been amazing.
,Not Recommended,304390,30196111,Posted: 26 February,all,Hatman,"This game would be really great game. I really feel bad about how much this has let me down. Still I love this game, but I really really really wish they would make some changes to this game.First, you can kind of pay yourself to become this super geared super elite warrior. But luckly it doesn't matter that much if the player can't play.Secondly, spawn camping is a thing. This is the one that really makes me mad about this game. In dominion there is no way to survive if the entire enemy team is in your spawn. You are not protected anyway, you don't have any kind of shield or anything. You will die really really fast.Then there is few annoying bugs, but they are not that bad really. Just funny (well, to me), like getting stuck in ladders.Gameplay is solid, feels great to fight and I love customization in this game!Sometimes I just feel like some of the classes are a bit better than others. Just few minor complains really about the classes and balance. It's great.Few more maps (or even gamemodes) would be great. Also new heroes, and they are coming in time.In short: Not worth of 60€ or what ever currency you are using. Wait for the price to drop."
,Recommended,304390,29937001,Posted: 14 February,all,Ickoris,"This is an amazing game, but there's some problems with connectivity. The servers are p2p and it takes a long time right now to find matches, and when you do there's a chance you'll lose connection for no obvious reason. Also, staying in a group of friends is a pain because of the invites and it dispersing the group whenever a game ends due to few players and the disconnecting servers. Also there's a few things that are a bit irksome to me personally.... Not being able to customize or do anything during the crazy long queue times is a big one.There aren't many gameplay elements that are too bad. Reviving players seems like it's too fast and is really powerful, and run speed (lookin at you, Peacekeeper) is a pain to play against when they can just run away and leave you and revive their teammates with little you can do about it. Executing enemies is a way to prevent revives, or camping their corpse until the timer runs out but usually your teammates need your help. HOWEVERThe gameplay is amazing when it is working. This game has some of the most immersive combat I've experienced and it runs so smoothly and everything looks great. You can feel the weight of your attacks and the sounds are so satisfying when you land them. There's so much detail in every player model and the animations are great. All of the classes look amazing (especially Lawbringer) and I can't express enough how great it all comes together when it works. None of the classes feel more OP than other ones right now and they all play so uniquely, which is nice for once in a game.I'll recommend the game to anyone who is even remotely intrigued by the looks of it. They just have to do some things to fix the server issues and lag and bugs....Once they have it up and running decently, you won't regret your purchase."
76561198024361837,Not Recommended,304390,30206892,Posted: 26 February,all,VanehIsMyQueen,"A good game ruined by a bunch of bad design desescions, in the multiplayer. (does have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ singleplayer)Peer 2 peer, so laggy at times, long waits, and alot of dropped games and D/C issues.Daily quests that ""force"" you into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game modes.In game gear that boost stats.♥♥♥♥♥♥/no match making so u get to fight againt ppl with said gear.Very inconsitant fun factor here, so that plus in game shop and season pass, is gunna lead to a thump down from here =(... Might change if they do some good patch work."
,Not Recommended,304390,30189578,Posted: 26 February,all,FerociousTony,"For Honor is a fun, but flawed game. Here are my Pro's and Con's regarding it.PROS:Well optimized, runs at 60+ fps @1080p (sometimes dips below on maps with weather)12 unique character classes (more on the way) to play asA decent single player/co-op campaign (took me 8 hours to complete)5 multiplayer gamemodes (Duel,Brawl, Skirmish, Elimination, and Dominon)Slow, impactful combat systemCharacter customizationCONS:Always online requirement (even for the singleplayer)Matchmaking issues (long queues, disconnects, unbalanced teams, trying to place you in full lobbies, etc.)MicrotransactionsClass imbalances (will most likely be addressed)Peer-to-peer servers (will most likely stay as is)Gear Imbalance (gear obtained on Rep 3+ characters can drastically imbalance certain gamemodes)May become repetitiveUplayTLDR: Good game, questionable decisions. If you're on the fence on buying this game wait until it hits 50% off, otherwise avoid it."
,Recommended,304390,30303453,Posted: 3 March,all,✪ ThePCWizard,"This game has its ups and downs. People say the combat system is garbage, but its actually well designed. This game shows the strategic points of fighting, and it does it really well."
,Recommended,304390,29975126,Posted: 16 February,all,Badger Tech,"I like for honor its a good game I wont say that its the best sword fighting game but the gameplay and combat is realy nice and deep, some of the problems are defently sever issues sometimes I have nice good games other times I die to connection,it's not realy bad but hopefuly they fix the connection problems like in rainbow six siege"
76561198139989019,Recommended,304390,30267646,Posted: 1 March,all,thegamerguy,"This is an odd one, it is actually on of the best and most promising games I have played in a while and I am really enjoying it. However there are HUGE issies that need to be addressed, They don't even have dedicated servers which is a no no in 2017 I MEAN COME ON, In pretty much every online game YOU NEED DEDICATED SERVERS never mind In one where half a second is the difference between either you or your opponent dying. The feats are completley unbalenced, they basically give players who are already doing quite well insane abilities that you can do very little about. Another thing is well... honour, it is literally the name of the game but people just love to screw you over, there is no incentive to play honourably when you can win so easy not doing so. Instead of just going all keyboard warrior on this I actually have a solution to this problem, we have feats which are a good idea but need to be unlocked in a completley different way to make them more fair, and we need to introduce an incentive to not play like Hitler, how about if you don't play annoyingly you get honour points (or something to similar effect) that you spend to use an active ability or to start the effects of a passive one. You would also lose honour points for being annoying (Like constantly running away from fights etc.). If you go into a negative amount of these honour points then you should get debuffs like no revenge mode. Also you could take people who regularly have low honour in games and pit them against others like them through matchmaking (or have them preferred or somthing). There should not just be good or bad things but also neutral things, things that arn't going to win you every battle in every situation but definitely isnt fighting properly (like arial attacks or throws off a cliff) in my opinion those kind of things don't annoy me too much because if some noob is able to throw you off a cliff constantly just practice countering guard breaks (which are pretty difficult to counter currently but they are fixing that for the next update), try not to go near ledges if you can and be careful when you are near one. Now we are onto balance, honestly, it's not too bad in my opinion as far as classes go (again the valkerie is getting buffed next update) they all have moves and combos that can be annoying but they do need skill to pull off and some classes are just good counters to others. For example I hear people say that orochi is powerful but when you ask them to play as them next game and they do they can be pretty poor as one. As gear goes, I again don't think that can affect a game that much, sure maybe like every dozen games or so they are able to get a kill they wouldn't have been able to get otherwise but good gear does not make up for bad skill (I personally have beaten heroes with 3 reputation and over 100 gear score with a 0 reputation 12 gear score quite easily, it just cannot make up for doing badly in a match). Also even when you have great gear it still has tradeoffs that can really cripple someone (eg. someone might have insane attack but no damn defence, so all you gotta do is block their attacks and just squeeze in the odd quick attack or two to take them out). However don't feel like this is a crap game, quite the opposite actually I gave it a thumbs up. There are really interseting mechanics at work here and is simple at first but when you add in: guard breaks, throws, combos, unblockable attacks and so on that it becomes a really intense and techinal combat game with the satisfaction of mowing down thousands of grunts in dominion. IT REALLY IS A GOOD GAME, or at least if you don't agree, one that has huge potential to become one, IF UBISOFT DON'T BALLS IT UP, SERIOUSLY IT'S LIKE YOUR TRYING TO. It's still frustrating at times and that's not including the connection issues from peer to peer connections and so on. Honeslty though, even though I reccomend it, wait, even just for a bit as it seems like Ubisoft don't want to put much effort into this game (legacy is spelt legavy in the valkerie's preorder green skin.). Wait for some patches to come out and then have another look, again this game has an insane boat-load of potential, just sitting there, that once properly harnessed can turn this into an absolute beauty of a game and will definitely make Ubisoft some serious cash. But for now wait, and once these kind of things are implemented DEFINITELY CHECK OUT THIS GAME, even with all this I still quite enjoy this game even though it is far from perfect and that's why it get's a thumbs up from me. Also if you look at the negative reviews they all basically say it's a great game that's ruined by peer to peer connection, seriously just having dedicated servers gets rid of like 90% if the bad reviews. Anyway that's my opinion, don't get too butthurt if it doesn't agree with yours that well, infact actually reply to this and I will probably enjoy discussing it with you."
76561198007095386,Not Recommended,304390,31408948,Posted: 27 April,all,Lemon1990,"This game is is a ♥♥♥♥ing abomination of bad design powered by incompetent devs.  I could write 18 paragrahs about why, but you can just look at my hours and use that as a measure of how much you can trust me when I say; you'd be whasting your time with this game.  Its not fun for casuals.  Its not and never will be a competative game.  Ever.  It employs everything gamers have come to hate when it comes to post release content.  There is just no reason to play it other than it looks cool, but once you understand how broken it is, and how clueless and just downright stupid the people behind it are.  Full stop."
,Not Recommended,304390,31461717,Posted: 30 April,all,Sphenoïd,"Nice idea, graphics, characters.Downside : massively unbalanced since Day 1, not fixed since. (the high-level game basically consists in 4 to 5 characters over and over out of 12)"
76561198005445892,Not Recommended,304390,31490181,Posted: 1 May,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"I really enjoyed this game quite a bit when I first started at launch. A good, solid fighting game at it's core, with some interesting ideas, but it is ruined as your progress by the abilities granted from end game gear. It becomes less about talent and more about who can pop their revenge or abilities most. Some of the balancing decisions are questionable as well and game mechanics break down as a result i.e. increasing a characters speed so that some of their standard attacks are too fast and unblockable.Single player campaign feels more like a continued tutorial as well. Not very engaging. I only made it 1/3 through. Story is bland and the dialogue can be cringe worthy, and at times even laughable. The over delivery of cliche phrases gives it a B movie feel.Probably not worth $60, but if you have a chance to play, I recommend sticking to game types that don't allow gear bonuses. Especially if you're starting out fresh."
76561198060642916,Recommended,304390,29953336,Posted: 15 February,all,EXTREMEPANTS,"The game is very enjoyable, the combat system is very unique with each character having its own unique skill set and set of moves. You can choose to do Player vs. Player, or if you don't want to do that and rather play against the AI you have that choice.My only beef with the game is that everytime you go to back out of a party between games the game will often crap out with a disconnect or just bug out in general. Sometimes you'll go to join a game and the match won't start, everyone will be stuck in the waiting screen and you have to ALT+F4 out of there because you can't quit during the wait. Being peer to peer based in its servers can be great for keeping the game going, the only problem is that once someone leaves everyone freezes, time gets rewinded, and you maybe lose the upper hand you had or gain and upper hand if you were losing.All of that being said those issues don't occur terribly frequently, it's annoying when it happens but I feel like these issues will be resolved as UBISOFT is heavily invested in the game."
76561198069678469,Not Recommended,304390,30218381,Posted: 27 February,all,Doggys Go Barkk,"This game is absolutely amazing in so many ways. It has one of the best combat systems I've ever seen. I REALLY WISH THAT WERE THE END OF WHAT IM ABOUT TO SAY!♥♥♥♥ing UBISOFTs decision for use P2P is going to be this games downfall.  I have honestly spent more time waiting in que to find a game, getting kicked out of games i get into, and being completely unable to play when i do find a game because of connection issues, than I've gotten to spend honestly playing the game.The only time iv honestly been able to play the game and have fun for more than 15-20 minutes have been in custom games with friends, or if i turn off matchmaking and just que against ♥♥♥♥ing bots."
76561198358677241,Not Recommended,304390,30365404,Posted: 6 March,all,BroodingWolf,I hated this game i couldnt even play in low settings and i thought there was something wrong with my computer which has an i7 and a gtx 1070
,Recommended,304390,29927652,Posted: 14 February,all,Wubba lubba dub dub,"FOKIN GREAT GAME M8, 11/7 -IQN"
,Not Recommended,304390,31033738,Posted: 8 April,all,old lil2old,"The game is fun but is so poorly tuned. The party system and peer to peer make this game nearly unplayable, half of the time our group invites don't even work. If the game was actually fine tuned it would be a reccomend, but it is just awful atm."
76561198010299955,Not Recommended,304390,31025578,Posted: 8 April,all,[TDaF]ABadRash,The one and only reason this game is being left behind is the dreadful netcode/p2p connection. I swear to god when they fix that this will become a very popular game again. Infact most of the negative reviews are about the bad netcode and how it'll get a second chance when it's fixed. SO FIX THE NETCODE PLEASE GOD DO IT FOR YOUR GAME!
,Not Recommended,304390,29953256,Posted: 15 February,all,Xianyu,My system hasn't changed. Nothing has been altered. But the game has randomly stopped working and nothing I can do can make it run.Great game guys. Good waste of my money.
76561198101728614,Recommended,304390,30111521,Posted: 22 February,all,Juicestun,Pretty DecentNot as bad as most people thinkhas minor issuesJust stick to 1v1 and 2v2 duels if you want to have funif you want to get some things to bling up your character play the other modes to finish your orders(dailys)Other than those you should have a decent gameplay experience
76561198158067012,Recommended,304390,31268859,Posted: 20 April,all,Magma,Its a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,304390,30142994,Posted: 24 February,all,◊◊Faint Karma◊◊,"I like this game a lot it's really fun. The combat is really fluent and goes well with the game. Sadly the people who completely blow like 50 fuses for bad servers and stuff like that aren't entirely wrong, to be honest I don't get kicked out of a game very often but then you see magicians teleporting and disappearing and stabbing you from who knows where. These points should be taken into consideration especially when most people are paying full price for the game but that doesn't make the game bad, I think people use far too much hyperbole and exaggeration when it comes to AAA games. So if you want to buy this game I recommend you wait until Ubisoft fixes up their servers but if you don't mind little stuff ups from time to time for an amazing experience then go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,304390,31301863,Posted: 22 April,all,Demzez,I've had a lot of fun playing this game when there were players of my LVL. I even forgive the devs for the p2p connection. I didn't get that much of disconnects during my play time.BUTNow im matchmaked against ppl of lvl100 or something who take away 50% of my health with one swing that makes the game unplayble for me. Im  really sad this happened.Im not sure that this can be fixed. But if you are willing to go through this you can purchase the game when steam/uplay sales are live if the price is good.
,Recommended,304390,30068379,Posted: 20 February,all,The Crimson Shin,"For Honor's learning curve isn't really a curve, it's more of a perfectly vertical hill that you're forced to climb"
76561198041238376,Not Recommended,304390,30789470,Posted: 28 March,all,Mageo,"Team balance is rubbishRevenge is OP (everyone runs it)DiconnectsBad shop model (albeit you dont ""need"" the stuff you bought a game with some stuff behind a heavy play/pay wall)Some classes just have a go to attack cycle that is repetative, boring and if you miss a counter break you just loseWeebsPoisonous communityTeam deathmatch dominion is not!!!!Not enough maps, some got taken out and havent returnedUbisoftBad commuication with communityFaction war counts on last day so most of the 2 weeks are pointless, 2 weeks is too long considering this"
76561197972291669,Recommended,304390,30022395,Posted: 18 February,all,Inf,Great combat. DEUS VULT
,Recommended,304390,30022635,Posted: 18 February,all,Barbarooshipi,"Fun game with a unique combat system. There's definitely a learning curve but if you stick with it, pulling off the correct moves and parrys is very satisfying.I haven't personally had any in game connectivty issues so I can't mark it down for that. However there's been a few instances where I haven't been unable to connect to a game in matchmaking. Eventually it works fine though.Before doing anything else once you start up, do all of the tutorials! As the starting tutorial barely touches on things you have to know. Why it's skipped out on explaining the other mechanics I don't know but it's well worth practicing.Overall I'd recommend it if you have good internet connection to avoid connectivity issues and up to date hardware as the game isn't very well optimised in my opinion."
,Recommended,304390,30022512,Posted: 18 February,all,Unhealthy,"I've seen a lot of complaints about the P2P connections, and while those are totally valid, I feel that the gameplay is worth it for me. For me this is the perfect 1v1 game. Fast, exciting, and skill based combat make this game super fun and highly replayable. The P2P connections are occasionally annoying, but I rarely experience issues with it. While I really wish it had dedicated servers I don't regret my purchase at all. I imagine I'll be putting many many hours into this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30013452,Posted: 18 February,all,DankeeYankee,"Let's be real here; this game needs dedicated servers. Even if the game has an amazing fighting system, it hampers most of the community from playing with friends and others alike. Not only will you not be able to play with your friends, you'll just be lagged out by someone who got salty on the enemy team. The idea that someone can tap into your connection and drop you from the game is absurd; this is largely due to the fact that the game is run off of peer-to-peer connections. If Ubisoft wants this game to succeed with competitive on the way, they NEED to set up dedicated servers."
76561198062542974,Recommended,304390,30050359,Posted: 19 February,all,:****Salty:™,I love this game it is fun but one problem I have is just fix the ♥♥♥♥ing bugs like when the game decides to put you in a full game just so you have to wait again to join another.  The game also like to disconnect you from a game randomly allong with the other players or just give you a loby full of AI.  Like I said fun game if you can get past all the bugs.
76561198073198561,Recommended,304390,31828002,Posted: 18 May,all,Riaxgan,"It's a very honorable gayme, people have no pity for casuals like me tho, if you play for fun prepare to be rekt"
,Recommended,304390,29928820,Posted: 14 February,all,Brunzee,"I do not play 4v4s but I can say that I haven't experienced connection issues in 1v1sGameplay 8/10-Does not have very different game modes-Attacking felt like a disadvantage at higher level of play(personal opinion)-Perrying times are exactly same for a character so you can memorize it and do not need to look at the weapon.-Bridge maps+Innovative combat design+Nice mix between combos, positioning, feel and fun"
76561198137345871,Recommended,304390,30414542,Posted: 9 March,all,MrTwinkieWinky,"Very good combat system, runs good, but the connection could be much better. The campaign is solid, but I want more for multiplayer, more characters are coming, but I mean gamemodes, I wish there could be larger battles like 10v10 or 20v20 with large maps.But it is good, idk worth $60 but definitley $45 and under"
76561198135011813,Not Recommended,304390,29931694,Posted: 14 February,all,DarkIncepto,"BETA TESTER - 9 HOURS ON BETABUYER OF GAME ON 2/14/17 - 2 HOURS SO FARFor Honor is a upgrade of Chivalry Medieval Warfare, which I already liked. This game has way more content, although it looks hard to run, almost any operating system can handle it, which Ubisoft did a great job ensuring it, and the game is fairly popular right now. If you guys are into action games, and don't have that much of a beefy computer, this is the game for you.Let's get into technicals; The blocking system and attacking system is innovative, The way that Ubisoft made the blocking system, (Mouse left to block left, Mouse Right to block right) is absoloutely amazing. The fact that your attacking also depends on your stance, is even better. So there is not just one way to attack, theres 3.The dodging system is great, and it actually syncs up with the attacks and blocks. However, one thing I don't specifically am too enthusiastic about, is that if you're fighting a fast-attacking character, if he is experienced, you are basically screwed. In no way unless you get a miracle from god himself, are you going to win against them. They can just spam block, keep attacking and never leave you open for any attacks. Other then that, the combat system is pretty good, and it is well designed.Graphics; The graphics are absoloutely breath-taking in For honor, after playing WatchDogs-2 I thought Ubisoft could not make any other game for a while that is as beautiful as that. This completely hit me in the face, and I was stunned. I run For Honor at the highest settings, with a i5 3300 and a GTX 1060 6gb VRAM and 32gb of ram. Of my 11 hours of total gameplay, (I know not alot) I have not experienced a single lagspike, let alone a fps drop. My FPS ranges between 60 - 150 Constantly. I guarentee you even if you don't have a beefy computer you will run this at an very constant FPS rate. It is definitely playable. Also, everything is rendered except MAYBE the fire. The fire looks kind of sketchy, but what I mean by that is that everything else is such high quality, that the fire, (Which is still very highly rendered) looks kind of dull.Gameplay; The final thing, the gameplay/general. The gameplay has Multiplayer AND a story mode. The story mode was not in the beta, so don't think you know everything about the game just yet. Including the 12 heroes that are in the game right now, The storymode consists of the 3 main heroes of each faction; The Warden, The Kensei, and The Vanguard. You get to play as all of them, and even some other heroes along the way. The Multiplayer, which was the only gamemode in the beta, is very enjoyable along with the story mode. You can either choose to face an AI, or an actual player. There is 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 and 4v4. Each with its own unique perks and layouts.(NOTE) There are 3 factions in the game if you don't understand what I was talking about, The Samurai, The Knights, and the Vikings.Final Rating: 8.5/10Recommended: Yes, Definitely.EDIT:This game has been perfect... until patch V.103 or whatever the newest one is called (Released 2/28/17)The game mechanics have been changed so much that the characters that are considered ""AI Players"" now do the same damage an actual player would. This patch ruined it all, My Orochi is now useless, stamina runs out quicker, which was already a problem with assasins, Raiders are too OP, V.103 ♥♥♥♥ed it up.However, The connections are still okay for me. I have still never had an experience where I haven't been able to connect to a game for long periods of time. I've had it so that it kicks me out after not being able to join, but after 1-2 tries it always works, and I am in the game."
76561198037398929,Recommended,304390,31627980,Posted: 8 May,all,Evil,Great fun. Gives you something different and Grand your attention. Gets annoying when you have service issues (at that point you hate the game). None the less a good game
76561198281136957,Not Recommended,304390,30048275,Posted: 19 February,all,jimmies brother the singer,okay so this game first off shoulld be called no honor because the community is probably just as toxic as rust which is saying something second whoever decided to make kicks pushes and charges be able to knock back about 30 metres then on top of that you can ring out this♥♥♥♥♥♥is like an even worse button smasher that mk with 3 people gang beating you
76561198091467230,Not Recommended,304390,30048294,Posted: 19 February,all,Yourztru1y,"Dealt with the P2P issues in beta and they for the most part are fixed in retail. Fighting is fun, got stale faster than I thought.  Dominion is pay to win sadly. Not worth the 60 and the game is full of hackers. Just google For Honor hacks"
76561198170082318,Not Recommended,304390,30129688,Posted: 23 February,all,Rannek,Very rage inducing because of bugs and certain playstyles. Besides that is a very good looking game with many cool features.
76561198090181645,Not Recommended,304390,30252697,Posted: 28 February,all,smirkingrin,"This game really is great, I love the mechanics, gameplay and the quality of the game however...I bought the gold edition expecting a full game...not a game that feels like Im playing the beta or even worse the ALPHA. The horrid state this game is  in is not what should be expected of triple A titles nowadays. Even pacman came at a better state when first released, and I still recommended this game to all my friends however here I have to say that I will not recommend any of you to buy this game UNTIL it is fixed so, so no Im not saying to forget about it all together, but we simply cannot buy their games and give into this new trend. We cannot reward them for giving us this great game in such a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥state, they must see their error and FIX IT and they won't give a damn unless the sales stop and give them a sign."
76561198086569980,Not Recommended,304390,30418605,Posted: 9 March,all,Gamegamer12345,"The game is great, the players are the scum of the earth.For Honor is a fantastic game with good mechanics that has a great feeling of satisfaction in every kill. However no matter how good i feel this game is i cant give it a positive review, becuase the people who play this game come from an undiscovered part of hell that lucifer himself was not allowed into. They are the lowest people i have ever met while playing any online game on any platform ever. No matter how good the game the community is just god awful to an extreme thats truly hard to put into words."
76561198003403850,Not Recommended,304390,30437149,Posted: 10 March,all,BeepBeep,"To keep it short and simple, For Honor has great gameplay but is bogged down by the connection and bug problems."
76561198111403933,Not Recommended,304390,30063377,Posted: 20 February,all,TheVVarrior,"This game has some of the best combat I've ever have had in any video game. Although I think there are issues with it for the most part you're either going to love it or hate it. That being said I believe the story mode is really good for intruducing you to most of the classes you can play, its kinda meh as far as the story goes. The multiplayer would be really good if it wasn't pleagued by the peer 2 peer and the god awful matchmaking, also as a much smaller issue is that elimation and skrimish should be 2 seperate things you que up for. The whole map idea of the 3 factions battling for control sounds cool but as of now there's no reason to partake in it at all.Now the combat rewards you for being skilled but is also punishing if you mess up, however the counter guard break mechanic is just too finiky. Many times I have hit guard break to counter and enemy guard break just it to do nothing. Also the fact that the short dashes you can do to dodge attacks don't use stamina just makes it where battles or many times just spamming it. Also revenge is a cool idea but the amount of meter you get when blocking, especially if you have great gear, makes it where you have the abilty to spam revenge, getting more hp and damage, and being able to 1v4 if you turtle hard enough and can stop the guard break spam.Overall I don't think this game is worth it because the peer 2 peer and matchmaking makes the one truely great part of multiplayer ruined when people ragequit out of the game, the random reconnects/synchronizing, or getting kicked out of the game/the game freezing on you."
,Not Recommended,304390,30128813,Posted: 23 February,all,Mortem,"Do Not Buy This Game!!!!!Ubisoft with there♥♥♥♥♥♥servers wont let the majority of people play this game.  I have constant strict NAT type and did everything in my power to fix this (Opening Ports on my router, editing my Windows fire wall, ect.).  The final verdict of this♥♥♥♥♥♥game is do not buy it there is a 50/50 gamble on if it will accept you or not some of my friends have good NAT and some have only strict.  If you like 50/50 gambls buy the game but if you dont well wait year till they have offical server or for this♥♥♥♥♥♥nat type to change"
76561198120513772,Not Recommended,304390,30246632,Posted: 28 February,all,Dirk Carpler,This review really makes me sad. This game is great and a lot of fun to play by yourself and with a small group of friends. However with that being said the matchmaking and P2P is complete garbage. Constantanly being matched with people who are 14th prestige while you aren't even lvl 10 yet is insane and getting kicked out of nearlly every game because the game gave the person using DSL internet the session host? Both of these things are huge oversites and need to be fixed otherwise this game will go down in history of thoe tripple A games that fall apart after the first year.
,Not Recommended,304390,30247373,Posted: 28 February,all,M1kKeL #ROADTOMG1,Broken game simulater 2017In over a week now my ubisoft cant syncronise with my progress and if i skipsyncronising and want to play the i cant do it cuz when i get in to a game it just says prosesing and cant do anything
76561198020005432,Not Recommended,304390,30250622,Posted: 28 February,all,Warmaster6,"It has a sweet irony being called ""For Honor"" because Ubisoft has really outdone themselves with their rigid standards of pumping out a game before it is finished (THIS IS ONE OF THE MAIN PROBLEMS WITH GAMES COMPANIES - why can no company learn?). Let me tell you, this game wasn't finished with the online experience and it is a mess.As soon as you are near the end of a match - BAM! - kicked out of the match and all your hardwork thrown into the metaphorical trash receptacle. It truly does the honor of wasting your time as much as possible - either by never finding a match or simply being dropped from them.However, if this problem was actually addressed, the game would be decent. But, there is no end in sight from what I can gather."
76561198089197687,Not Recommended,304390,30418772,Posted: 9 March,all,SpaceBourbon,I'm sorry but the connections issues completely ruin this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30128802,Posted: 23 February,all,Domo,this game is great but dont get it until they get dedicated servers or fix it any other way
76561197983651898,Not Recommended,304390,30419369,Posted: 9 March,all,EastmeetFist,"I love this game at times and then it matches me against people who are PayToWin. Don't just ♥♥♥♥ing don't. Don't use the rest of the people who bought this game to make people who are using real money feel better about spending more cash. I seen 4 people wail on a guy for 5 minutes and still not kill him because of the ridiculous gear scores. My entire team's gearscore was in the 20s the enemies were 50,47, 43, and 108. ONE-HUNDRED AND EIGHT. HE WAS IMMORTAL he got revenge mode every 3 hits and lost 5% hp from every hit. I'll comeback in 3 months and see if things changed."
76561198077577328,Not Recommended,304390,30048210,Posted: 19 February,all,Butterbundle,Multiplayer won't even work.
76561198127266671,Not Recommended,304390,30060845,Posted: 20 February,all,Bold and Brash,"I followed this game for a long time, and I have tried to give it the chance it deserved, but Ubisoft took something that could have been great and ruined it because they refuse to use dedicated servers and instead use peer to peer networking. This was probably the biggest mistake they could have made with this game. For those who don't know, peer to peer networking means that one player is the host of the match and if he/she has bad connection, everyone suffers. And if the host leaves or gets disconnected, then the game will kick everyone out of the game. Now, I'm not saying peer to peer is a bad way of having online multiplayer, but in a heavily combat focused game like this, it is awful. The game itself is great: good, unique combat that feels good, a pretty engaging story, and fun PvP when it works. I'm not even sure what ubisoft did to let this happen. I played this game's closed beta and open beta and these network problems were still there before release. Ubisoft has the ability to fix this if they would stop being cheap and just use dedicated servers. I literally have not been able to join a single 4v4 game because one host can't handle the weight of 8 different connections so it just disconnects me 5-25 seconds into the match.TL;DR:If Ubi fixes the servers I would give this game a 9/10, but since its multiplayer is basically unplayable, it only gets a 4/10 from me since the main focus of the game can't even be used.GG Ubisoft, you made a good game, but you screwed up the part that is arguably the most important, and you're just elongating your track record for being a company who cares more about money than its consumers, I hope you know that."
,Not Recommended,304390,30128576,Posted: 23 February,all,Death Cube K,I wanted to like this game but every round was either plagued with people leaving or unplayable lag.  It's a real shame since there's a fun game underneath all the crap.
76561198103874271,Not Recommended,304390,30246930,Posted: 28 February,all,WHO'S_YOUR_DADDY?,new update is s***........
76561198047978411,Not Recommended,304390,30252760,Posted: 28 February,all,Jehova_Fitness,"I have loved this game since the Open Beta I preodered it and have played it as much as possible when I am not working or in college. I do not recommend this game until Ubisoft gets the♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stops being so dam cheap. P2p is a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing business practice in 2017 I hope they realize they game will die unless the ♥♥♥♥ing do whats necessary and give the game proper servers just like r6 siege. This recent update has ♥♥♥♥ed my game and now wont launch what so ever and to find out what was wrong I had to wait over an hour with a support live chat, until I finally got connected to some faceless ""support agent"" who responded to me every 10-20 minutes or so and after 40ish minutes of me asking simple questions he told me ""oh yeah the devs have gotten some reports and will fix it soon"" I have seen so many posts of the same problems for weeks now and ubisoft has yet to make statements or attempt to better the ""support"" they have. Its a dam shame such a good game has such♥♥♥♥♥♥support and community outreach."
76561198064110151,Not Recommended,304390,30418785,Posted: 9 March,all,BDutchie,Just crap
,Recommended,304390,30024211,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr.Crash and Bash,"Very fun, Very fun, Just dont spam, and play honorablePS. Dont spam any classes cause you'll lose friends that way."
76561198000156412,Not Recommended,304390,30268147,Posted: 1 March,all,Smakadin,"Because it can't be said enough.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It is literal♥♥♥♥♥♥in digital form.Should you manage to play a full game without being removed due to the P2P system you will face these issues.First of all. None of the Hero's / Characters are balanced what-so-ever due to the beta being a week prior to release. This will have you 'Angry German Kid'ing' whenever you pop into a 1v1 and see the enemy player choose either warlord or warden (the current broken classes of the meta).Secondly. Gear, collected from boxes that are bought through the ingame currency (which can be bought in packs as microtransactions) Changes heroes attributes by well over 100% of their basic stats. This causes enormous problems in 4v4 game modes where you'll be pitted against anybody irregardless of your own gear level i.e you will be killed in 2 hits by higher geared players until you obtain high level gear.Third. Revenge mode *god mode*. A strange mythical glow spews out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥after blocking some hits or being smacked in the head a few times. This Ability will grant you a double health bar, increased damage and the ability to never be interrupted whilst swinging! swing away till everyone dies because honour means nothing when you're a super saiyan! Reverting back to Point 2. Gear also effects this mode allowing you to have it for longer durations and gain it much more rapidly; thank the heavens they researched the way people swing weapons to add realism and immersion..Finally. Ledges.. where to start. EVERY map has edges, holes, bridges, broken fences etc etc litering the land and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on dreams of having an actual combat experience. Example: You spawn in on a bridge, there is an enemy infront of you; you will both try and throw eachother off the bridge instead of actually swinging weapons at eachother because a fight takes a while but insta kill from falling is 2 clicks. This happens in every match in every game mode and whilst funny at first, absolutely crushes any realism that may be clinging to your viking booties.Wait for a £9.99 sale. Or chalk it down to a Ubifart."
76561198051622867,Not Recommended,304390,30107993,Posted: 22 February,all,Frost,"The game is excellent, like no game i've played. BUT connection issues are too much frustrating for me to recommend the game. You should wait until they are addressed."
76561197971116083,Not Recommended,304390,31419627,Posted: 28 April,all,thepowerofdreams,Im not happy with this game im not ever able to play online. it is never able to find a game. since i owned this game.
76561198197457428,Not Recommended,304390,30284999,Posted: 2 March,all,Snacks,Fix the GOT DAMN SERVERS
,Not Recommended,304390,29997647,Posted: 17 February,all,Ramboness,"Decent game - terrible peer to peer system.Not worth 60€ - also terrible microtransaction system if you want to swag up your char after grinding reputation. It's locked behind rng and a paywall, and the new stuff you get are mostly just recolours or new things with very little added to it. Spend 40€ on micro stuff just to test it out and I regret spending it already.Do not buy any micro stuff or the game until its down to a reasonable price."
76561198092320957,Recommended,304390,30297835,Posted: 3 March,all,Meester plusser,Awesome game
76561198049571616,Recommended,304390,30298157,Posted: 3 March,all,H A C K E R M A N,Excellent game. People like to ♥♥♥♥♥ a lot. No connection issues on my end. I appreciate the p2p benefits such as ZERO LAG.
76561198125675154,Not Recommended,304390,30157842,Posted: 24 February,all,clockworklemon,matchmaking fails every single time. cant play a single game with a living human. support only emailed me a link to a FAQ that didnt help in the least. the beta worked fin and yet the final release is a broken pile of garbage sold as a full price high end game. get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together ubisoft. why do all your games suck?
76561198052988755,Not Recommended,304390,30157565,Posted: 24 February,all,Juneau,"Few game time playing this, here's my story,DOMINIONEVERYTIME IM WINNING, THE MATCH DISCONNECTS AND NOT FINISHED.EVERYTIME IM LOSING, THE MATCH CONTINUES TILL THE END.AND LAST I GOT CONNECTED TO A LOSING GAME, AAAND THE MATCH CONTINUES TILL END.GUESS WINNING IS NOT AN OPTION IN THIS GAME :))ADIOS!"
76561198069857251,Recommended,304390,31371612,Posted: 26 April,all,HOHENHEIM,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing 0006000037 simulator 2017, thanks Ubi, u ♥♥♥♥ed up so much i can hardly describe it :^)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30693988,Posted: 23 March,all,Wrey,Fun while it lasted but it lacks content. Gets boring fast. Kind of a cancerous community as well.
76561198013768680,Not Recommended,304390,30949500,Posted: 4 April,all,SamDota,I am sorry I can not recommend this game atm they need to fix there servers. Its just too soul crushing to fight for an hour on a dominion match only to have an error that removes you....when you fix the servers I will gladly recommend this game to every one I know but untell then I can not do that..
76561198042956037,Not Recommended,304390,29975519,Posted: 16 February,all,John Cena's Dakimakura,"The game was fun, and I really did enjoy it for the first couple months I was even able to give it a recomendation dispite the problems it had, and now I look at it today. Very few of the problems have been fixed and the new content is way too expensive. The two new heroes cost 15,000 steel (an in-game currency). You make 30 steel a game, which would be 500 games. and then about 1,000 steel from daily orders, which depending on the mission can take any where from 2 to 16 games to do them. so thats about a month for the heroes alone, not including the 5,000-7,000 steel execution (4 for each hero), the 3,000-7000 emotes (6 per character), 5,000 effects when you idle, execute, or emote (each of which has to be purchased seperatly so 15,000 and they don't carry accross heroes), and finaly 300-500 per loot box for armor/weapon pieces. I think I've seen better for an EA game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30949767,Posted: 4 April,all,NOIDED,"The community ruined this game for me. The beta persuaded me to buy it, however quickly after the full game released the quality of online gameplay degraded to a point where it just wasnt fun to play anymore."
,Not Recommended,304390,32783138,Posted: 25 June,all,v e r y o n,"I gonna be honest with you, I was hyped about this game. I was looking for a Chivalry sucessor and this one could have done the trick if Ubisoft wasn't such a bich. Not going to write it all down mainly because you have 11 000 reviews saying basically the same. Execution, servers, community... you name it.It was a huge disappointment for me since it had a 60€ pricetag for a game with seamless storyline and compromised online experience due to error, glitches, exploits, OP bots, whatever...Made a 45 sec video so you can watch what I am talking about:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwvHP7-vfzsMy recommendation: Stick with Chivalry or wait untill Morhau. And stay away from Ubisoft games for a while."
,Not Recommended,304390,30156879,Posted: 24 February,all,Ephixia,Don't check it out!
76561198060407498,Recommended,304390,31740227,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr. Pryde,"I reckon it's a pretty fun game. You can swing swords around and stuff. A few things are broken, but hey it'll probably get fixed i reckon."
76561198241443348,Recommended,304390,33313105,Posted: 6 July,all,AxcealGodsblood,"Everthing about this game's melle mechanics makes me want to cry, I LOVE THE GAME!!!! its everthiung that ive always wanted.but.....THE SERVERS OMG, UBISOFT YOU PROMISED OFFLINE GAMES AND NOW YOUR DOING THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ MAKING IT ALWAYS ONLINE!!!also how can i play with my friends at home who dont have the game. I guarentee you that more people would buy this game if you could play split screen with multiple people."
,Not Recommended,304390,30271230,Posted: 1 March,all,Stefthetrex,Hey ubisoft how about you stop releasing buggy♥♥♥♥♥games that dont work terrible terrible game
,Not Recommended,304390,30949217,Posted: 4 April,all,Berger Boy,"First hands on For Honor was the Beta for me. It was fun and intertesting. It was a game that, as much as I hate MOBAs, got my attention. Customization, an actual combat system... Promising.And then Ubisoft, via their trademark, destroys all my expectations and tells me to go kill myself for having any.How many different ways can you say, ""Broken"".I wish I could tell you what the full game is like. But I can't. I wasn't able to play it. At least not the Single Player.That is unless you think the waiting or lagging and seeing yourself and others zip across the arena was a fun Online Multplayer experience. That's not worth it either.The community that this game even surprisingly still has is cast in the shadow by Ubisoft. Who instead of listening to them to fix the real problems with servers, bugs, etc. Find the time to decide how it's a suitable idea to have $700 worth of Microtransactions to unlock everything in the game.Ubisoft is officially on the Blacklist for so many gamers and it's no surprise or mystery why.Save your honor and money. Do not purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,34726937,Posted: 3 September,all,Phantom,"The game itself would be fun, the characters are interesting and unique, and there are plenty of unlocks, but:- Extremely Toxic Community (Worse than CSGO)- Broken P2W Character Centurion- Dominion crashes or kicks players every match- Few low level players. New players are matched against players with hundreds of hours 99/100 timesSave your money for something worth your time. I spent almost $75 on the Deluxe version and another $100 on currency.Still uninstalled."
76561198050284157,Not Recommended,304390,34724309,Posted: 3 September,all,Manchester,"The Goods:The game offers an extensive experience as an all-around modified fighting game. It features a massive cast of characters to choose from and numerous fighting styles that change the game and what you focus on. This shifts with the environment and terrain, as gamers may experience a dramatic change in tensions, as they throw an opponent from mountains and cliffs. The game also features an AI system to battle against, whether for multiplayer or to hone one's skills in certain combinations to play with. The game is essentially a more advanced version of Super Street Fighter with its numerous controls and fighitng styles. This is only elevated by the game's emphasis on combinations.The Bads:While this game aims for a more in-depth outlook on fighting games, it stutters from a terrible pacing in which the player is strictly reliant on their character's abilities. This makes gameplay very easily guessed and estimated by players who are faster or impossible to deflect and will narrowly reduce the quality of experience for players aiming for more challenging opponents and more diverse characters. The game is also extremely lengthy in its numerous characters one can play as and this causes a player to have to relearn how to play - making it a more patient game - rather than a easily learned fighting game. Aside from basics and learning, the game relies too heavily on singular one-on-one combat and will easily overpower you, if you're outnumbered by other players. Outside of in-game concepts and experiences, the game is too expensive for what it is selling. A glorified fighting game with numerous challenges and a massive learning curve to then try and just barely make it on the scene - as fighters are outmatched quickly and too easily.Overall, I'd rate this game a 6/10 for a good effort and fun casual play with the AI system, but too challenging and overpriced for a casual multiplayer experience and gameplay. The aspects that this game fails in is easily identified by the fact that almost everything is predicted and relies too heavily on dueling, rather than having a better system of combat."
76561198045282542,Recommended,304390,31567182,Posted: 5 May,all,Supreme Allah,Pretty fun to throw people off cliffs
76561198085845512,Recommended,304390,34730590,Posted: 4 September,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"The game itself is great but I can't find anyone and any match to play with.It's kind of dead at this moment.Single player is fine, it's just....SighIf there's a middle ground between recommend and not recommend, it's that."
,Recommended,304390,33072493,Posted: 1 July,all,Freeze,"I was really scared of buying this game and being disappointed like the rest of reviews. Fortunatelly, I wasn't. I only have 6h so far in it, and have completed 1/3 of the story. One huge flaw in this game is matchmaking. I am a lv6 Warden and I'm getting matched vs players who have over 20 prestiges (1 prestige = every time you reach lv 20). Other than that, combat is fun, controls are very responsive and the lag is minimal to non-existant from what I've played. Duels are very fun to play, and I get the most fitting opponents there. Dominion is where I got matched vs a prestige 30 player as a lv 3 player, but we still won thanks to another in our team who carried us. For Honor succeeded at doing something no other game did to me. I have never played a match this intense in any other game. No other game kept me focused throughout the entire fight. I love this game so far, and do not regret spending 45 euros on the Deluxe edition during the sale. If you're thinking about getting it, I recommend you do while it's still on sale. Play a bit of the story, some online, and if it's not your cup of tea just refund it, as long as you have under 2h of playtime ofc. GOOD GAME!EDIT: After 160h of playtime I can say, once again, this game is amazing. Once you get past minor server issues, matchmaking problems and salty players it's a really good game. It disconnects you from a match once in every twenty or so games, matchmaking wont be a problem when you ""git gud"", which usually doesnt take too long.8/10, would 1v3 again."
,Not Recommended,304390,30084189,Posted: 21 February,all,Groomy,"I still play it, but you shouldn't. Not until you see a capslocked header from official Ubisoft saying: ""We're sorry and we fixed 60% of dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥we shouldn't have had in the first place"". Don't buy it yet.There's quite a bit of info on how poorly this game is built, how rarely you get a shot at a full match and how stupid the balancing of it might seem. All true. Believe it and don't buy it yet.If it was a car - it sure wasn't built by Germans, nor Japanese, nor American, nor British, nor by a person who knows how to build cars either. The amount of absolutely dumb things in the game makes me think that it was a trial project for a team of new hires. It takes 4 clicks to state that you are ""READY"". 1 - character pick, 2 - loadout pick, 3 - talent pick, 4 - actual ""ready"" pick. Don't buy it yet.All that DC in the beginning, mid and before you win is also true. The connection is unstable, the in-game notices are far from accurate and the attitude towards you as a customer is what pissess me off most. It's almost like - ""meh, these idiots are going to pay for it anyway, ♥♥♥♥♥ about it but pay regardless. Let's roll out as is."" And we did ;)But you, be a stronger person, don't be a sheep on the leash of greed. Don't buy it until they show appreciation for what we did."
,Not Recommended,304390,30084265,Posted: 21 February,all,no no nomi,game is trash you might as well say its still in beta.
,Not Recommended,304390,30090672,Posted: 21 February,all,Accelerated Karmic Cycle,"I played through the story first so I had too many hours in the game to refund it by the time I realized that the multiplayer just doesn't work. Regardless of the game type every game pauses at least 50 times to fix connection issues. Multiplayer games often leave you with a blank screen upon the start of a new round, and if you're lucky enough to find yourself finishing a game it will never finish or return you to the menu, instead leaving all the players in the server until they quit themselves, not giving any drops or experiene to anybody."
76561197963791079,Not Recommended,304390,30107016,Posted: 22 February,all,Jah,"A unique combat system makes this game really fun to play.  The problem is that many people can't play it for whatever reason.  I don't know if the p2p connection type is the problem but I'm sitting around trying to find games with a MODERATE NAT type and it takes too much time.  When you have OPEN NAT type finding games is super easy.  I once in a while will show to have OPEN NAT type.  Why?  I have no idea.I opened my ports (which is incredibly dangerous in p2p connections because hackers will have access to your IP address and the ports the game recommend you open disable certain protections).I allowed the game in firewall along with Uplay, which actually worked for one login session.I'm out of idea and can't find any more other than making my IP a DMZ, which doesn't seem to solve the issue from what others say.If the issues ever get fixed, I'll change my review.  There are other bugs that weren't in the beta that showed up in launch, but all that can be forgiven if I can just play the game.  It's really that innovative if you like fighting games.If you do buy the game and have anything other than an OPEN NAT type, save yourself the stress and refund it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30084097,Posted: 21 February,all,Eric,The Peer 2 Peer connection is very bad. Making the multiplayer frustrating and sometimes unplayable. The game mechanics are interesting but when paired with the spotty connection can lead to unfair defeats.
,Recommended,304390,34658736,Posted: 1 September,all,Bevvvy,"This'll be a long one, so get your popcorn lads and lasses.The game concept is fantastic. Who the hell wouldn't want to see an all-out brawl to the death between Vikings, Samurai, and Knights? The combat system is very inuitive and one of a kind. The aesthetics of this game are extremely good. You can tell the art team did a fantastic job in this game. The moves feel like they have weight to them, and look realistic. The executions are so badass, you'll want to risk the match just to get it off(looking at you Lawbringer executions).However, there's just 2 big things keeping this game from being great.Connectivity and Balance.I'll start with connectivity. Me personally, I haven't had nearly as much of an issue with staying in games as other people. Maybe I'm just lucky, or maybe most people exaggerate about the issues they have. No idea. But, I will say this, the match can and will end abruptly for seemingly no reason. It's happened to me a fair bit along with most others. It's happened to me, let's say, once every 15-20 matches. If that seems like something that would make you frustrated, do not get this game.Onto balance. Simply said, it is atrocious and the devs are taking an extremely long time to fix it. It's not nearly as bad as it was on launch, but the issues are still obvious. There is an exploit in this game called ""Unlock Tech"". Simply put, if you unlock off of somebody at the right timing, your attack is unparryable and even in some cases unblockable(not sure if there are any of those left in the game but it was an issue before season 3 came). Luckily most people don't do this, but the fact that it's still in the game is inexcusable.Aside from unlock tech, the heroes themselves are poorly balanced as well. Warden, Peacekeeper, and Warlord have been the best heroes in the game by far since day 1. When you fight them, it feels like you can't really do much against them if they're better or at least as good as you. Many heroes such as Kensei, Conqueror, Shugoki, Orochi, and Shinobi have been very bad since the beginning of the game. They are very rarely used except for people who have stuck with them since the beginning. Everybody else in the game is around mid to high tier. Centurion, Raider, and seemingly Gladiator to be just a little bit behind the top trio. All in all, unless you are better than your opponent by a fair bit, or know the match up very well, you will most likely lose to people using higher tier characters than yours.If anybody is curious, I mainly use Lawbringer and he is pretty much mid tier. I consider myself better than most people who play this game so maybe that's why the balancing isn't as big of a deal to me.The singly player is largely forgettable but is something to do nonetheless.Despite those two very huge flaws, I'll recommend the game anyway. Simply because the concept, and aesthetic of the game carry it. It's one of the most fun games I've played when the balancing and connectivity can be ignored. Keep this game on your radar if you're looking for an easy to get into fighting game since the devs are constantly striving to improve the game. They're even looking to make the game server based instead of peer to peer in early 2018 IIRC."
76561198116106210,Not Recommended,304390,32388714,Posted: 13 June,all,Jaywalkss,"ubisoft, why you no work. and refuse to work. and not aknowledge u no work."
,Recommended,304390,34503710,Posted: 26 August,all,Holmö--(*_*)->,"This game is not perfect yet, but I feel it is worth playing so I'm throwing in a ""recommended"" review to counteract the  hate train. Also, I waited until it was on sale for half price, so I don't feel as salty as I would have if I dropped $60 on it at launch. But, since I have already bought virtual fun money for some stupid digital Steel, I'm sure Ubi will get the rest of their dough from me soon enough.Pros: This game is gorgeous, and the combat system is polished and fun. However, there is defnitely a learning curve (morseso if you don't normally play fighting games), so prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked across the battlefield (like I have). This game feels really hard at first, especially when you get cornered by a Centurion and have your stamina beaten out of you in 3 hits. It feels even harder when matchmaking can't find anybody near your level so you get placed with prestige 16 players who mop the ground with you. Even though, with practive I've started blocking more consistently (and actually getting a few parries in), so it doesn't feel as impossible now. And yes, you're still going to sometimes get matched with that one peacekeeper or Shinobi who goes 16 and 2, dunking on your team the whole time.The biggest beef I have with this game is the P2P multiplayer. Peer to peer matchmaking is a terrible design choice and it screams ""we're too cheap to pay for servers, so we'll let Billy host 8 players from his mom's 256 kbps DSL connection in the basement"". This has killed other games that I really enjoyed (like Space Marine), and it's just as clunky and frustrating in this game. Someone ragequits? Wait while the host migrates and re-syncs everybody. However, Ubisoft got the hint after hearing the community's backlash (and seeing how much the number of active players plummeted). They are being more transparent now, they are listening to our demands (sorta), and they have said they will EVENTUALLY implement Dedicated Servers.Based on what I've seen from the game so far, I'm going to put my faith that Ubisoft will eventually fix this and some of the other outstanding complaints from the community. I am a big fan of the melee combat that this game offers, so I will keep playing with the hopes that it keeps improving with time."
,Not Recommended,304390,34778993,Posted: 6 September,all,Gaste,-too much bug-if you look for honor don't play it-too much grind-some hero are op as hell and some useless (dlc hero like centurion are op) so its typical to see 3 players play the same hero on one team-the matchmaking is made by retard (my first match was against a rep30 centurion and i'm rep5 after 40 hours)+its a good game but everything i listed make it badbut i guess i wont stop playing it cause i'm a masochist
76561198035389465,Recommended,304390,29979645,Posted: 17 February,all,CyClone,"A mix between Dark Souls, Dynasty Warriors, Shadow of Mordor and Mortal Kombat..Addicting Multiplayer, O.K Singleplayer!The Animations and Art Style are very good looking, make's you feel like a badass!I for one did not have a single Serverproblem in my Multiplayer session ( NAT = Green)!If you'r a fan of adrenaline filled fighting and a high skill ceiling then what are you waiting for?For Honoooooooor!!!!!!"
76561198047946189,Not Recommended,304390,32005919,Posted: 27 May,all,Tyler,An error has occured. Returning to the main menu.
,Not Recommended,304390,29959074,Posted: 16 February,all,Slip,just no
76561198134612880,Not Recommended,304390,33650867,Posted: 19 July,all,Captain Underpants,"Server is unstable, boring contents, saLTY users"
76561198045791060,Not Recommended,304390,33895884,Posted: 29 July,all,Harold Benito Mussolini,"Played through the campaign a couple of times to get a feel for the game. playtime was then over 2 hours. went into multiplayer to try and get the real experience and every 2 games would get disbanded because the host would leave, or the game would just crash. if a match managed to stay together the lag and poor level design made it difficult to accomplish anything. couldn't refund it now because of the time i spent in campaign so I kept giving it more chances and every time it disappointed me."
76561198025661500,Not Recommended,304390,30070558,Posted: 20 February,all,Horse Cock,"Awesome game ruined by p2p.It's not necessarily all disconnect or lag(and there is plenty of it) but you do knowtice wierd movements and hit registration when playng vs people who run on slower internet or simply far away which is far from ideal considering its a ""reaction based multyplayer"" game."
,Recommended,304390,30200258,Posted: 26 February,all,Impotent Rage Mordkill,"I don't have time for gaming these days, I'll be happy to find 3 hours a week. The first week of For Hono(u)r being out, I managed to scavange 30 hours of game time, how the ♥♥♥♥ I pulled that off, I don't know. The point is, it is bloody revolutionary.TMI, there has not been a game like this, the only one before was Chivarly, and I see this as a spirtual successor. Based on this fact alone, being the only AAA title of its type, this game drew a lot of hype once I saw the closed beta. Playing the open beta, I knew I would buy it, but I did not know how much depth the game provided.P2P servers are garbage deep dumpster diving trash, however, considering it's Ubisoft, this has been a more reliable online experience. The game has other flaws, however, considering it being such a breakthrough, and the fact they don't deter the experience, the game gets a solid erection from me.9/10."
,Not Recommended,304390,30088106,Posted: 21 February,all,Michael,"It's fun, and definitely a decent game, but not worth $60, especially considering its current bugs. Buy it for ~$30.I don't know why, but this game has grown on me. The updates are going in the right direction and bugs have been fixed. Balancing is a constant concern for them, too, so that's nice. I don't agree with the pay model, but as far as the game is concerned, it's fun.nvm, bad publisher means bad game reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
76561198304147889,Recommended,304390,30522134,Posted: 15 March,all,DuaLipa,"hi i have a problem in my game, it could not start the game (launch error 30005)  guys do you have idea what happen to my for honor? help me please :("
,Not Recommended,304390,30926627,Posted: 3 April,all,TheDirtyCubeMan,"Game is super fun. The combat is just on point and I could play this game for hours.... if it would stop disconnecting me or/and other players from almost every match!Pros:-Combat-Cosmetics-1v1 and 2v2 modesCons:-Microtransactions (because ubisoft)-Matchmaking is poor (could be due to the quickly dying player base though)-So many connection issues-The dominion, skirmish, and elminition modes are where you will feel the ""pay to win"" start to kick in.-Character balancing is poorOverall, the game could have been amazing but the flaws with the game along with decisions made for it at ubisoft ruined it's potential to be great."
76561198128543509,Not Recommended,304390,31098897,Posted: 12 April,all,Dom1n1cM,"Great game, but, I can't even find a multiplayer match. If Ubisoft would fix the many, many, many, many, many, connection errors, I would reccomend this game."
76559833123675476,Not Recommended,304390,31170984,Posted: 15 April,all,Thot Slayer Dio,"God ♥♥♥♥ing damn it. I hate this game so much. After 200+ hours of this game, all I can say is..... Ubishit. Just that one name now disgusts me whenever I find out that the game that I was interested in was made by this incompetent company. Now, I may just seem like a really salty player, but trust me, there are many reasons for my frustration. Although, I am really fine with all of it except for one small detail. The blocking mechanic. The blocking mechanic is so broken that it makes me feel suicidal whenever an enemy just phases through my damn block even when the game shows that I blocked it then it glitches and I take the full damage. People usually say something like ""Oh, that was just block damage,"" but no. IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING NOT."
76561198269407747,Not Recommended,304390,31171366,Posted: 15 April,all,Lone Panda,ERROR 404 UBISOFT SERVER NOT FOUND
,Not Recommended,304390,31182035,Posted: 16 April,all,Honjuden,Matchmaking takes many tries and kick you out to the main menu often.  Impossible to learn the game as the few games you get matched into are against long time players.
,Not Recommended,304390,30673133,Posted: 22 March,all,Znkl 🐼,"Feels like an early access game really. So many crashes, framedrops etc. etc. Genuinely horrible execution of a great idea for a game. P2P is just ridiculous for this also, and as any other Ubicunt game matchmaking will take a year or so, to possibly just get kicked by the faulty P2P system.Whenever you're done with a match, everybody leaves the lobby and their genius matchmaking system doesn't allow for finding new people for the same lobby - no no, you're left with bots or to leave the lobby as well. But watch out! This non-but-still-feels-like early access game have a 50/50 on crashing when returning to the main menu.5/10 - Genius idea, awesome combat system - by absolutely horrendous execution.UPDATETheir sobby attempts to ""fix"" this game is seriously laughable. How Ubisoft still exists as a company is beyond me. They do not only not even know the basics of making a solid game, they don't even hide their ill intentions. Ubisoft is a joke. I would definitely not recommend buying this game, under any circumstance. If you want to get good at the game, all you have to do is google how to do certain infinite exploits. And wabam - who ever hits the exploits first wins the matchup.This is definitely the last time I will ever buy a game published by this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier company - I recommend you to do the same."
76561198099745133,Not Recommended,304390,30926123,Posted: 3 April,all,Mr Fox,the matchmaking sucks
76561198070645945,Not Recommended,304390,30926256,Posted: 3 April,all,Entlex,Do you like to play against a player with 300 hours more experience?Do you like to play against 12 years old kids?Do you like to die in salt overdose?Then For Honor is the right game for you!( seriously this things are ruining this game.)
,Recommended,304390,31242592,Posted: 19 April,all,Pooblehardt,"Overall, I love this game. The gameplay and customization is extremely entertaining however, there are some bugs that are just not acceptable for such an expensive game. It saddens me because other than that it's amazing but at its current state it's barely playable...."
76561197982951320,Recommended,304390,30400619,Posted: 8 March,all,Freak (Redjik),Spectacular graphics.Campaign is fairly basic and not very fluid but its a good bit of fun and great introduction to classes.Online is nasty good. Worth the purchase.
76561198039224286,Not Recommended,304390,30695026,Posted: 23 March,all,Truly Glorious,"It was nice to play while I could, I suppose, ever since the latest update, I am not able to play online at all, so it would seem this is the end for me.  R.I.P. For Honor, Ubisoft set you up for failure straight out the gate."
76561198057134381,Not Recommended,304390,30267134,Posted: 1 March,all,GoLD.Chatanka,"The gameplay is good and the combat is on point with very minor flaws.However, the game will disconnect you on your game with no rewards awarded for the time spent."
,Not Recommended,304390,30107731,Posted: 22 February,all,Avrutus,"FIX  YOUR CONNECTION ISSUES, I GET KICKED OFF A MATCH MORE THAN I PLAY PER DAY."
,Recommended,304390,29966857,Posted: 16 February,all,Jarith,"Controls take a bit to get used to, it's not a button masher, If you play it that way you will die! - I use a XB1 controller, I think it's easier.  Each hero plays differently and once you wrap you head around that, and practice with one you want to play, you will start winning.  Once the game clicks it is really satisfying!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29974383,Posted: 16 February,all,Schadenfreude-Chan ( ºᴥº),"I used to have a sarcastic review here detailing all the horrible things this game does incredibly wrong.  I've given up.  5 stages of grief have come and gone.  It's over.  I don't have any hope of those things being corrected, so I removed them.Instead, imagine you're on a hill.  A very large hill, but not a mountain, a gentle but tedious incline that exhausts you but isn't dangerous.  Hour after hour you try to climb this hill, you almost always see yourself at the crest of it.  Once you get over that crest, you're golden.  It's all downhill, nice smooth ride down the other side.  It never comes.  You spend more hours and more hours and get closer, but you have to take a break and then you realize you're on a down escalator the whole time and any time you waste you just get all your progress sucked away.  You keep thinking all you need to do is reach the top then the way down will be fun, enjoyable.  This doesn't happen.  You keep trying anyway.That's For Honor.  It has this ability to suck away hours from your life because you think, like any fighting game, you've just got to make it click so you keep going to try and believe it'll be good soon.  It's impossible.  The game is fundamentally broken due to an incredible array of technical problems to balance issues, from input detection errors to connection problems the game just doesn't have the capability of being an enjoyable experience for most people.Probably the most frustrating system in the entire game is an obviously tacked-on gear system to emulate some form of progression.  It takes an INCREDIBLE amount of time investment to start getting competitive equipment that makes combat anything less than an uphill battle unless you stick solely to modes that are largely inactive but disable their effects.  You can soften this system with real money because it's Ubisoft, but there's no avoiding it and it feels like few fights in the larger modes are ever actually in your favor.Another frustrating concept is the team matchup indicator.  You are always on par or better than your allies, you are always ONLY on par with your enemies.  This is patently false.  This entire matchup display is completely falsified and has no logic behind it.  It's a slap in the face.  Beyond that, the matchmaking doesn't even try to hide it because it never finds a match before setting it to search for all skill levels.  Never mind the fact that the person using an AutoHotKey script to perfectly block every attack coming at him is on the opposing team in your first match, just don't try to report them because the report function is a placebo, too.Funnily enough, around the same time I got this game, I purchased Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, another depressingly bad videogame, but because it's literally unplayable on PC anymore.  I would still say its current state is a better game than For Honor, if only because it prohibits you from actually interacting with it in a meaningful way.Now, I have a habit of making hilariously bad purchases I later regret to remind myself of why I keep most of my savings in a secure account out of my ready hands to spend it.  I spent $100 on this game and there's not a moment I don't regret it when I see this game in my steam inventory, but what I regret more is continuously spending time trying to justify that purchase, regardless of this horrendously negative review.  Don't be me.  Avoid this game.I'd say Ubisoft should be ashamed, but they're basically thieves and con artists by this point.  I made a mistake."
76561198074745223,Not Recommended,304390,30070814,Posted: 20 February,all,Shifty,This should have never been released as a peer-to-peer game. It literally ruins any gameplay value it might have had.
76561198307194275,Not Recommended,304390,33734636,Posted: 22 July,all,Scott,"Haven't been playing long and I can tell why other people don't stick to this game. The gameplay is fun and the story is meh. My biggest issue is the balancing, i'm not talking about the characters. The REP balance is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥on the PC. I'm not trying to cry, but when you go against a team of REP ♥♥♥♥ing 40's all day when i'm not even REP 1 yet is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. This is mostly common in dominion, but it's the most active game mode that seems to be dead. It takes forever to get into a game.  Don't buy it unless it's on sale"
76561198047059674,Not Recommended,304390,30292828,Posted: 3 March,all,Katty Why,"One of the best games I had bought recently, enjoyed the game play and graphic. Still playing whenever I have free time.Thumb down for me, hoping for Ubisoft to realised how dumb it is to use p2p connection for action game like this."
76561198272408274,Not Recommended,304390,30293115,Posted: 3 March,all,a_polo_s,"The game is really fun and competitive, but the P2P connection based battles makes it hell for anyone, using a router. Your games will take 10-20 minutes to start, or to be dropped right away. My advice - if you are using a router, don't sink with 60 bucks, until Ubisoft stops being cheap and actually opens dedicated servers."
76561198079222660,Not Recommended,304390,30183437,Posted: 25 February,all,faVilluh_Tv,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW! This game has a lot of potential, but right now it isn't worth half of its cost. The campaign is great, because it works. It isn't long, but it shows off the gameplay and playstyle of the game. The multiplayer is non existent. Why pay $60 for a game that you can't really play. Wait until the multiplayer connection problem is fixed before buying."
,Not Recommended,304390,29993390,Posted: 17 February,all,coup de grâc3,"Connection Issues are horrible. You can’t join games, you randomly drop out of games, people randomly drop out of games. What to expect from Peer to Peerthe game costs 60€ has and microtransaction in it. It takes ages to farm the currency you need ingame. but hey you can always drop another 100€ for ingame currency.such a shameless moneygrab again by ubisoft and then they don’t even give you dedicated server.what you get for 60€ is just a beta access nothing moreavoid this as much as other Ubisoft products"
76561198152177258,Not Recommended,304390,33761152,Posted: 24 July,all,Sift27,good game but serious connection problems....a good game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers.....never play any ubisoft online game my advice for all of u
76561198131830569,Recommended,304390,30020685,Posted: 18 February,all,CrustyBobCat,Warning: Sweaty try hards on this game
,Recommended,304390,29979974,Posted: 17 February,all,thisissparta9603,"Deep, weighty, intuitive fighting system makes the game worth buying. Shame so many people are having network problems."
,Recommended,304390,29977037,Posted: 16 February,all,Sin,"First off, I've been playing this game absolutely non-stop since Feb 14th. I first started with the solo Campaign as a lot of reviewers were giving the game a thumbs down and talking about how bad the peer to peer connection was.The campaign has a beautiful story and lets you try out most classes incase you don't want to blow all your steel on characters you've never used yet. Not to mention completing the campaign gives you a very generous amount of money, close to 2,500 - 3,000 I believe. So it's definitely worth finishing campaign first, as you should with any game really.My experience with 1v1 multiplayer matches have just been nothing but great. The connections are rock solid, never have any wait time over 30 seconds, I honestly don't know what people are complaining so much about peer to peer. Out of the many matches that I've done including 4v4's, I've literally never come by a single lagged incident. Improve your internet maybe reviewers? LolThe combat system is extremely satisfying and extremely difficult at the same time. The learning curve is very steep, but put some time and effort into it and you can apply similar battle theories to each class type.I've seen some people complain that you can't block strikes even if you're blocking the correct direction while getting hit.Here's something to clarify that, in a sense it's similar to tekken. If you're pressing attack keys while you're trying to block, it's not going to work because your block state is cancelled and you're spamming an attack state which is attackable. Common sense really.For people complaining about the game being a money vacuum, it really isn't. It's not really pay to win either. You literally get an option to spend money on the game, but don't have to as you can earn everything benificial through play time and luck. Luck being end match loots. Of course for the cosmetic packs that cost like 45,000 it's gonna cost some $$$ but that's just cosmetics. As for the pay to win issue, I have not clashed blades with a single player whos gear is absolutely over powering due to money dumping. Even if you spend to buy scavanger crates, upgrades will only take your gears so far.Environmental kills;Get over it, you probably set yourself up anyway without knowing.It's your duty and responsibility to know where you're positioning yourself at all times.Yes I understand some classes can throw very far and can be very abusive with throws, but in the end who's the one letting those throws happen?Yes I've come across players who only throw you off cliffsides and bridges, but just by playing smarter you can avoid being grabbed. It really isn't all that difficult once you've gotten used to the game and anticipating your opponents next move, it isn't impossible. They're all humans except the AI, everybody can crack under pressure and use telegraphed strikes because of it.Players who complain about characters being overpowered just haven't spent enough time into learning the character that they're using. I've seen Mercy decimate Shugoki, the beefiest and tankiest character. I've seen regular wardens obliterate Nobushi. Once you've played long enough against certain classes you'll see the classes limits on what it can do, then you begin to see how other players use those same abilities. People will either all do similar things, or will be unique overall. One thing players will always do, is move in for a guard break after they've blocked a light strike.Pros;Absolutely beautiful graphics, even on the lowest settingsDon't have to spend money to experience moreHaven't had waiting times over 30 seconds, may not be similar for everyone thoughFriendly player base, haven't seen any toxic users yet but I'm sure they're out thereActive territorial war mapMatchmaking is fair when it comes to 1v1 duelsLow currency earnings but exp is generousMaps have a fair balance of environmental dangers to absolutely no environmental dangersCreative combat system, very very satisfying to secure victoriesStory mode gives you a taste of everything available in multiplayerGame requires you to beat your faction leader (AI) before entering multiplayer to determine if you're truly readyCombos are simple yet versitle to the direction of your strikesany character can beat any characterLast second blocking directions will work 98% of the time, any time that it doesn't is probably the player being later or striking at the same timeEach character comes with their own special techniques and abilitiesEvery strike there is can avoided > Not including certain chain strikes & combosCons:No option to add players in-game, only through Ubisoft UINo profile viewing options for other players$59.99 can be quite a wallet denter for someFairly short campaign, but can be repeated in different difficulty levels for more exp and steelGuard breakers to throws for some characters have a stupid short cooldown time so if you throw someone against a wall, you can guard break them right away if the player isn't quick enough to cancel it or parry.Hard to think of anything else really"
76561198067681640,Not Recommended,304390,30398750,Posted: 8 March,all,Jedi,next
76561198126575178,Not Recommended,304390,30394830,Posted: 8 March,all,Flower4Power,"I wish I never bought this game.Like every other review states, the connection is terrible. Corss region play has to be turned off and if you are lucky enough to have enough people in your area playing it, you might be okay.  The multiplayer is pay to win and the people that are playing it have such a massive advantage over you that it's ridicoulously impossible to start after a month in the release date without being beat into submission. The classes aren't flushed out well and you'll be bored with the main campain a few hours in."
,Recommended,304390,30472455,Posted: 12 March,all,Elk,After a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours in this game I.. dont know its pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥   with p2p matchmaking yet still  extremely fun when u dont have a laggy conq swinging madly thinking hes good... Someone just kek me already
76561198138330675,Not Recommended,304390,30135877,Posted: 23 February,all,Reaper of Ducks,GET ♥♥♥♥ING SERVERS UBI U ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,304390,30136450,Posted: 24 February,all,тĤᗴ𝐫ǝ𝐀𝕃ώᵒＫ𝑒¢н𝓾ℕgᑌs➂❸࿄,online sucks.
,Not Recommended,304390,33443629,Posted: 10 July,all,Velocity Pone,"There is too many things broken with this game. It was fine when it first released but now its full of broken matchmaking and people who just use the same move over and over and over not even trying. Ubisoft just doesnt care about this or any of their games to fix it even though how blatantly broken it is. I really regeret spending the 60 dollars on this game just as it came out just because i played the beta for a few hours only to receive a future disappointment. The only thing that was somewhat improved was the economy which took way too long to progress, even now because of the daily orders being the main souce of steel. It is just too frustrating to play this game with all the move spamming and gang banging. Only playing this game for half an hour has left me with massive amounts of salt and an urge to report for griefing out of pure spite."
76561198045263117,Not Recommended,304390,33444764,Posted: 10 July,all,VEGAN_GAINS,Nuking montreal and ubisoft seems be adequate by now....
,Not Recommended,304390,31123073,Posted: 13 April,all,Peppsi,"I played the closed beta, it was fun. None knew much about the mechanics of the game so flaws were not as prevalent, and server crashes were solved with the old ""It's beta"" saying. Now its been about 60 days, your peer to peer is trash, and your matchmaking is somehow worse. I'm level twelve and I'm getting matched with a sixth prestige, I have a second prestige on my team so it's somewhat ok. After fighting, throwing people of ledges (Into the lava and I made a Star Wars reference because I was actually having fun), we get to 2-2, I'm facing a berserker as raider, we chip at each other until he runs out of stamina. I throw him down, heavy into his unblockable drops him to about a bar of health. We're both low on stamina, he throws a heavy and I parry him into a wall, I land the satisfying heavy and lean into break his neck....Connection Error 0006000037Screw you, Ubisoft Montreal. Not because your game is trash, no it's a wonderful idea, about as good as you deciding not to pump out a Tailing Mission Simulator every year, aka Assassins Creed. No, because you greedy, penny pinching, rats don't want to pay for servers and use peer to peer in 2017 . You have Gold and whatever other versions you have, with season passes, which is nice if people are wanting to buy it. All that extra selling, but you couldn't be asked for servers."
76561198087592345,Not Recommended,304390,31123972,Posted: 13 April,all,Pexii,"You might have seen that this game has mostly negative reviews, I'd wager that most of them are written out of a bitter taste in the mouth but, to a degree, they're also mostly justified, and mine might even seem a tad biased too, so take what I say with a pinch of salt.I'll explain the game a little bit first.This game isn't badly designed at concept level, it's actually incredibly fun to play on one's own because of the nature of the combat system. The only way I can describe parallels to this game is that it's similar to Dark Souls, except you're more focused on the one-on-one dueling aspect as opposed to rolling around the screen fighting mobs, however, unlike Dark Souls, this game doesn't skirt around the fact that it's basically designed for multiplayer, with the core gameplay focusing around the ""Faction War"", more on that later though.We'll start from the ground up, a sort of general what you'll be doing for most of the time sort of approach. Starting on the main menu, you'll have the choice between Multiplayer, where you'll be brought to the Faction map to choose your game mode, Story mode, which is self explanatory, Custom Match, which is also self explanatory, as well as the How to Play menu, which is where all your practice and free modes are based.I don't want to spend much time on the story, spoilers and all, but it's actually fairly decent to run through a couple times, coupled with the bonus that completing it on higher difficulties yields little rewards for your multiplayer characters. you can even co-op it, if you're so inclined, and the game adds more enemies as a modifier to the difficulty based on how many your have in your party.The practice modes SHOULD be your first port of call, if you don't want to go straight to the story straight off, since it'll teach you all the basic and advanced concepts you're going to absolutely require if you have any hope of surviving in the multiplayer. You'll be given the chance to test out all of the characters and spar against a bot level of your choice, much like most fighting games do.So jumping straight into the multiplayer, you'll be at the faction map. When you start the game for the first time, you'll be asked to choose between one of three factions: Knights, Vikings, and Samurai. It doesn't ultimately matter which one you pick if you don't have any desire to invest yourself in the meta game that's going on but you'll earn more rewards if your faction is doing well. For the most part (Assuming you don't have a regular set of people to group up with right away), you'll choose a mode that you think suits you and go straight into matchmaking (I should quickly point out that if PvP isn't your thing, you can still play PvAI). It's at this point that the first major issue people have with the game becomes evident.For Honor uses a Peer-to-Peer connection system, not dedicated servers. For those that don't understand what that means for you, it means that you'll be piggybacking off another player's connection and using the strongest one as the host. Ubisoft tried to do things a little differently this time around by making it so that EVERY player is dependant on one another for the system to keep them all together, but it doesn't work as well as it sounds all of the time. You will spend some long times waiting for a match especially if you're not a PvP fan, and occasionally, you might even get a random error before you even get matched up, returning you to the main menu once again instead of just trying again, like most other games might do.Okay, so you got into a match and picked your hero, now what? Well, depending on which gamemode you're in, you're going to actually just end up either running to a zone to capture it, or more likely, you're going to sprint around looking for another hero to duel. This is the part where the next set of issues comes in. Hero balance is very subjective, and highly debated all over the net. I'm going to leave out my own opinions on this matter, but a lot of salt generated around the multiplayer revolves around the behaviour of the players and the heroes and tactics that they use. Fighting against, or even with other players can be a testing experience, I've had times when the A.I. have been teleporting about the screen because of the nature of the Peer-to-peer system. Don't be fooled, you might have fantastic net, but you're bound to have some weirdness happen sooner or later. Scoring in the game isn't particularly important as the final score you have at the end of a match doesn't necessarily mean you're going to do much better or worse at the results screen. For some, you may enjoy just the flow of gameplay itself, for others you may invest yourself a little more into your own personal performance and that's where the second debate of ""Honour"" comes into the game.Despite being the games namesake, behaviour in people is wildly varying when it comes to the concept of honour and etiquette on the field of battle, some will go no-holds-barred and attack every target they can for as many kills as they can get, leading to 2v1, 3v1 or even 4v1 situations, others may wait until you've finished with your target and jump in should you be defeated, waiting patiently for their turn, so to speak. The game will not force you to play in any certain way, which is a good thing. Decide which type of person you are early on but be prepared - the community in this game is quite unnecessarily toxic.After the end of a match, you're given your EXP, a small chance of finding a piece of equipment you can use to buff and customise the look of your character, as well as a small amount of steel (The game's form of currency), which can be used to purchase more gear, emotes, other executions ect. You'll also be given ""War Assets"" that you can use to deploy on the different regions of the faction map meta game, hopefully helping push your faction's hold further in an effort to win the season, broken up into 5 rounds.So that's the barest bones description of the sort of gameplay I can offer, now I want to briefly touch on some of the other points that make this a NON recommended game.I've played this game since beta, and I played the beta constantly until it ended. I didn't get the game for a couple of months until it went on sale, since I knew then and I still know now that this game isn't worth the price it's being sold for. It has quite a few bugs, a lot of crashes and several other issues that make long sessions of gameplay incredibly frustrating, I've heard and seen that these issues are faced by gamers of all types of connection strength and PC specs, frankly, I'm very disappointed in the lack of support for these issues. I regularly crash directly at the end of a match, forfeiting any and all score/rewards for participating completely, requiring me to alt-tab and delete the process in task manager. You might not have the same issues, but it really is anyone's guess as to whether something will affect you or not. Support for this game is NOT very good at all, according to Ubisoft's community support forums. Most people are handed the same generic corporate response you'd typically expect from a company. As it stands, if you have an issue, you're going to have to persist like a man/woman possesed in support tickets in order to get a satisfying result, or, like the rest of us, rely on waiting for the next patch to solve things.This game looks beautiful, the sound design is lovely and the gameplay for the most part is incredibly fun and, I dare say even addictive. It's just sadly PLAGUED by it's Peer-to-Peer system, a myriad of issues, and now an overall toxic and slowly reducing player base. My final few words regarding this game are this: absolutely watch some more videos, read a lot more reviews to get a general feel for it and by all means BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK...Unless you can afford to throw your money at expensive Ubisoft titles, in which case go ahead."
,Not Recommended,304390,29915043,Posted: 13 February,all,ジャンプマン JUMPMAN,Do not buy this game as of now. The balance is pitiful and the p2p makes games drop every other match. Wait for the future when defense meta is nerfed and servers are used for matches.
,Not Recommended,304390,30109839,Posted: 22 February,all,Caboose,"The Beta was great but the actual game is pretty bad. I could understand the Beta blackscreaning every few matches , but the actual game probably does crash more. The worst change from the Beta to  the actual game is how try hard the matches got and how abusive the parry system is. At least in Dark Souls parrying someone was something you tried to do and sometime got but in this game as long as you dont attack first and parry (which is fairly easy to do) you should win all fights. It just really changed a really nice sword play game into a stareing match and really changed the pace of how it used to be played , before launch.  Here is the combo to know if your going to play Parry anyone, grab them after ,and throw off ledge and span Taunt once they fall. I wish i could refund it but i have 3 hours in the game and you cant refund it after 2 hours... i would say this game has potential but really isnt going to go anywhere just save your $60 bucks for a more deserving title."
76561198036012838,Not Recommended,304390,30109698,Posted: 22 February,all,Tdangle,"TLDR: BROKEN GAME, DO NO BUY. CLASSES/GEAR COMPLETELY UNBALANCED.The reviews speak for themselves. Don't let your friends or paid reviews convince you to spend full price like I did.PROS:Combat feels fluid and responsive.Graphics are good. Optimized.Sound effects are good.CONS:Matchmaking is completely BROKEN. New players are pitted against prestige 4 max geared players. Because gear/traits aren't balanced it makes HUGE ISSUES.Gamplay: Unbalanced on every level. The classes aren't balanced against each other. The gear is not balanced at all. People are maxing revenge and two shotting attackers. Revenge procs even in 1v1.Combat: Guard break should not track as you dodge. Currently it follows you as you roll. Also, it is extremely difficult to counter. Some classes *orichi* have way too much damage in their light attack.How to fix:Remove gear stats. PERIODRemove revenge proc 1v1, and lower it 2v1.Match people based on gear level and skill level FFS.PATCH the game, christ."
,Not Recommended,304390,31926523,Posted: 23 May,all,Jimba,"Once in a while I will find myself thinking about how this game turned out, and I always end up crying myself to sleep."
76561198048123176,Not Recommended,304390,33567272,Posted: 15 July,all,Djay2x0,bugged mess
76561198008033613,Not Recommended,304390,34234690,Posted: 14 August,all,OptiCrow,"Coop: Bad. Must accept invites via Uplay. If your enemies drop out between session you lose your party, but that doesn't happen if your party choose to. Why is this a thing?Combat: Engaging. Some of the stuns makes for a loong learning curve. Long execution animation for the AI in TRAINING."
,Not Recommended,304390,29981538,Posted: 17 February,all,PapaLegacy ⇄,"Changing my review for this pile of garbage. Forget everything I have ever said about this 'game' because as of now it's nothing but a meme.I honest to god hope that the developers slide down their fourteen-foot tall pile of cash and tackle the plethora of issues the game has, rather than fondling the balls of the playerbase with sandpaper for months on end.Most of the playerbase was smart enough to abandon the game a while back but with the weekend of writing this second review being a free weekend I can only pray that you don't hand a single ounce of cash to ubisoft for this title.Don't get me wrong, the game is a beautiful showcase of what can be achieved in triple A titles these days, but don't expect it to work, other than the appearance the whole thing is butchered.TL;DR, For Honor is like a glass hammer. Pleasant to look at, good reflections and a talking point, but the minute you use it for its intended purpose, it'll shatter like your dreams of For Honor being an amazing game at the E3 2015 Ubisoft press conference."
76561197988564847,Not Recommended,304390,30414994,Posted: 9 March,all,Dominator,So after Way to many hours in this game here is a short Review.First off i have played this game 100+ hours and i enjoy it way more than i should.The game still has its bugs and alot of flaws .The combat system is great however and you realy need to stick with one class to learn it .So why dont i recommend it than if i play this game as much as i can .First off the Peer to peer servers its just a no go in this day and age .In this day and age we want Servers that are stabble and allow us  to play 24/7 without any hickups.The store and its Pay to win in 4 v 4 is killing this game .so is the collection of gear and the time it takes to get to prestige 3 in order to get better gear wich is mostly Blue gear and does ♥♥♥♥ all agains players with Gear score  108 (max).i myself have a prestige 5 beserker (108) and a prestige 3 Lawbringer (108)Pro'sThe game Graphics are Nice and the gameplay is fantasticand thats basicly all the pro's in a nutshellIt is however a rough gem and it all can be fixed .I realy hope Ubisoft will and does something to increase the player base and fix the server isue's and i dont mean P2P but i mean bring Dedicated server to this game and fast
,Not Recommended,304390,34213551,Posted: 13 August,all,Zodameth,"Cant find a match in my own (low) MMR, P2P multiplayer, toxic community. Was this game supposed to be good?"
76561198047536120,Not Recommended,304390,30013526,Posted: 18 February,all,Creature,"P2P is pure garbage, don't be such greedy money hungrey plebs and get some dedicated servers."
,Not Recommended,304390,29920588,Posted: 14 February,all,kladivko,"Few hours into the game and I am in love already, yeah, it is Valentines day and thats all I need.I would pretty much recommend this game, the only cons I see is the peer-to-peer thing, servers would be much better I find it greedy from Ubisoft, yet I had no issues logging in, connecting or playing. Negative reviews by people are not really exact, ignore them. If you played Beta version and got at least few hours in, get it. You will see its worth it.edit: Campaign is great aswell.edit 2: Playing the game after some time, all I get are errors or lost connection, in the current state, I would not recommend the game anymore. Had to change from Yes to No. Sadly, I can not ask for a refund now, otherwise I would!"
76561198085471318,Not Recommended,304390,30287531,Posted: 2 March,all,Trizzy_P (1500K +),ok game however very boring muiltiplayer and ok story so much lag constent disconnects not worth 40 pounds dont spend more than 20 pounds on this game
76561198021807883,Recommended,304390,31245751,Posted: 19 April,all,Rapid Railgun,"Okay, so you’ve without a doubt seen the reviews blasting the game’s matchmaking, Peer to Peer, gear that over powers opponents, and so forth. These things are god awful and are well worth noting before you decide to make a purchase on this game. But, I still love this game despite Ubisoft’s unforgivable handling of it.For Honor has an amazing combat system. Duels are intense and feel very skill based (unless the mother ♥♥♥♥er you’re fighting has better gear than you). There is a large learning curve here, and the combat is deep. I realized this when my friend made a ♥♥♥♥ing flow chart of proper actions to take based on enemy movements.I did enjoy the campaign. You get to select from a series of pre-made custom characters’ male or female and play through fairly well made levels. Some are very open and a blast to play through. The Samurai and Knight sections of the campaign were fantastic. There is a cool world here too and learning about it was fun. The villain is comedically edgy, so if goofy things like that ruin games for ya don’t bother. I myself had too much fun with it. The campaign is two player co-op as well.This is going to sound pathetic but my favorite thing to do in this game is load up custom games and play against bots or friends (I immediately turn off gear buffs because ♥♥♥♥ gear buffs and the autist who suggested them.) This is when For Honor’s duels shine. No gear buffs, you fighting your buddies or some high-level bots. I’m only level 9 as of the time of writing this review. So, I ain’t got♥♥♥♥♥♥in terms of gear. I’m practically cannon fodder in multiplayer matches.Like I said earlier the multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed. Matchmaking, stability, and gear buffs completely kill it. The community is salty but I don’t really care. It adds some humor for me personally. And I will admit beating players who have better gear than you is akin to having your♥♥♥♥♥♥sucked (I’d imagine).So, why do I ultimately recommend this game despite those glairing problems?Because it’s fun. Even when I get heated playing I don’t stop. Cause I love the combat system and the universe created here. This game fully deserves the♥♥♥♥♥♥people are giving it. Ubisoft should’ve placed in dedicated servers, and a better matchmaking system. And the dev team should’ve gotten rid of gear buffs. (But hey, microtransactions) If you and a group of friends are interested pick this one up. I’d say on sale. Because even if you hate matchmaking you can still play custom games with your pals and enjoy a pretty fun campaign.EDIT: Gear stats do not play a role in 1v1 and 2v2 duels matchmaking. Forgot to mention it above. If this changes I will add another note.EDIT GAME ON SEASON 2So I've played the game more. I've rept both Warden and Orochi. 1v1 is the best way to experience this game. Players there are respectful and friendly the vast majority of the time. Dominion is a cluster ♥♥♥♥ and just terrible. Players there are unfamiliar with the combat system and it leads to gang bangs of fights, which are not fun no matter the side your on. I've even encountered a couple of hackers in dominion.I mentioned ealier that you could play with AI. I failed to say that you can fight AI in 1v1, 2v2, and Dominion (4v4). You just need human players. So if you want to contribute to land grabbing and not bother with people it is entirely possible. Just be aware that 1v1's for some reason do not give gear. So you'll need a friend or 3.The devs have also changed gear stats to tone down the difference between high and low level gear. You can find the patch notes on the games website. I've been playing 1v1's where gear stats do not contribute so I have seen no difference.So basically Dominion is ♥♥♥♥ed. Don't bother."
76561198067948257,Not Recommended,304390,30625520,Posted: 19 March,all,Soldier_Ron,"To Start off, really loved this game when it was first released. playing against others newly familiar to this game was a blast and some of the best gaming moments in a 20+ experience were had during this period.Then two weeks went by and all of the scum raised to the surface! the game is riddled with petty exploits that allow players with no real tactics to just spam OP moves and chain attacks that quite frankly, taint the immersion of the fights. Speaking as a matter of fact, i have quite quick reflexes but that counts for nothing when my charachter can be stunned for a millenium whilst some fat♥♥♥♥♥♥spams a grab and smash move.....this game fast became Mortal Kombat which usually involves fights lasting milliseconds, decided by the first combo. Yes you might say i should react faster or just quit whining but this game was meant to be about having fun....and fighting with real combat tactics. My idea of fun does not involve an extended grind to wear down a Sumo wrestler with quick strikes then roll away.....not realistic and often to beat players using exploits, i just have to do the same....lame.Ubisoft had a great opportunity here to make a fun hardcore dueling sim but decided to implement too many 'My hands are tied moments' as i will call them.Not claiming to be an expert, i just held the ideal of this being a better game, honestly have less heart ache playing Chivalry or Warband.This review is not meant to be comprehensive, i just needed to say my piece.Final rating: 7/10: Great game to play with friends or like minded people who want a fair fight.......Only frustration awaits you when you play with Spammers.Also, just wait for this to come on sale as the flare quickly wears off and you may just stop playing it to save frustration like i did.Thanks for Reading"
76561198018837989,Not Recommended,304390,31843231,Posted: 19 May,all,Shadowcause,"Before reading on and to, perhaps, comment, I'm really not interested in your ""less than constructive"" comments of ""Git Gud"" or ""You're bad"". Also, this isn't an invitation to say it because you think it's funny. If you're going to try and be funny at the expense of my frustration, at least make it witty.This game feels fundamentally broken. At one time I felt on par with most players, but taking 2 monthes off I've fallen so far behind the skill curve, it's at an incline so sharp I'd have to be Spiderman to scale it. The majority of people have either played so much or are just so naturally talented for this game that keeping up skillwise feels impossible. Constantly being savaged with the same combo's, but you just can't get the counter-play down to stop it. The counter-play just doesn't feel like it's there. That may be an issue with character balancing, for example the Centurion consistently draining your stamina. From what little experience I have, my brain tells me to ""Evade it"" when he uses those unblockables. But, hey, apparently unblockables can track you now, so that's fair.The closest I feel to pinpointing the problem is the following: Turtling for Parrys is low risk, high reward. So much so that you can crush a person without ever using an attack. Parry as a mechanic is so unbelievably broken, just attacking an opponent feels like too much of a risk. Parrying light attacks is an even bigger joke. In reality, you're putting in speed rather than strength, so parrying a light isn't and shouldn't be feasible. In this game, if you're so experienced that you can parry a light, your opponent has no chance.The advice I get sometimes is ""Be less predictable"". But how? How, out of the handful of ways to fight, can I be less predictable in a sense where I just can't be parried?I'd be genuinely interested for someone to sit down with me and help me play better, but getting better at this game on your own at this stage seems impossible. Matchmaking is the biggest culprit for sure.I'm not good at putting my thoughts down on paper, and I'm just trying to pinpoint the fundamental problem with this game. Right now, the closest I've come to it is the Parry mechanic.For example: I played against a Warden in a brawl. It was honorable duels, no one interfered. I distinctly remember this fight because this Warden was so patient, he did nothing, only reacted. I attacked, he parried, punished then went back to turtling. It was the single most frustrating fight I've played, second only to an incredibly similar fight against a Kensei.Seriously, if someone could help me play and understand this game better, I may even change my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,304390,30196235,Posted: 26 February,all,Vanholdt,"- Very Bad netcode and it's peer-to-peer- Unbalanced characters /(praticular moves)- Pointless and boring storymode- EXTREMELY bad matchmaking (For example, I am rank 1, but easly can ranked up with a rank 40 who knows the all ins and outs of this game/ the spam combos etc. which a remotely new player stands no chance against.- Game is now dying out due to the incompetence of the developers/ Ubisoft now fixing the issues above ^Stopped and regretted buying the game at launch, gave it time (From launch till Present) to sort out its issues, and it hasn't one bit."
76561198066274286,Not Recommended,304390,32538210,Posted: 18 June,all,BlueLand87,Im done with Ubisoft. This game could have been SO good. Now I just feel scammed.
,Not Recommended,304390,30155822,Posted: 24 February,all,Endzior,Best designed peer to peer you have ever encountered - guaranteed lag and misdirected attacks/guard breaks each match.Heavily recommended.
,Not Recommended,304390,31108571,Posted: 12 April,all,MM | Wootly,"Good game hampered by exploits, balance issues, poor match-making and no meaningful dialogue between the devs and community. If you're reading this and wondering if you should buy...Don't. It's not worth the frustration in it's current state sadly. Hopefully they'll resolve the problems in the future as the game has immense potential, but with Ubisoft's track record I wouldn't expect it anytime soon."
76561198107499770,Not Recommended,304390,31096686,Posted: 12 April,all,01muratdemir,GIVE MY MONEY BACK.... Im sick off that connection problem before u release a new champ. fix your servers....
76561198311037312,Not Recommended,304390,33267339,Posted: 5 July,all,NotBigBadHuffNPuff,Please dont make the same mistake i did in buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole of a game. : /
76561198124512308,Not Recommended,304390,33885822,Posted: 29 July,all,sharkmeem,"FOR HONOR - 6/10NOTE: PLAYER - BASE IS TOXIC AND DECREASINGOnce i saw rhis game for the first time i was exited, i loved the look of the swordplay and the variety of different classes with factions.This is a perfect example of a good idea that has become poorly executed by the devsMy reason for this is because of the over - powered characters that have been added to the game, and when the devs finally try to patch these problems, it turns out that they have fixed hardly nothingThe worst part of the game is the servers, i believe they are called peer to peer connections, to put it simply, the devs implememted these servers out of pure laziness instead of stable ""dedicated"" servers (the type you see in most multi - player games such as battlefield and cod).They have recently announced that they will finally be adding dedicated servers after months of the game being out, - this also lets the developer's laziness shine through as well as them adding little exlusive cosmetic items to those who preorded the game (such as myself)I also recently re -tried the game hoping it to be a bit better, and it still brought back the well remembered frustration created by the still - op and unbalanced charactersTo end, i say that the game is a fun game to play when not experiencing the crap server disconnections and when 1v1ing non - salty players.All they need to do is fix op heroes, fix the servers (as well as fixing the devs attitude towards players) and finally get rid of at least some of the microtransactions.Thanks for reading if your not asleep already ;D"
,Not Recommended,304390,30619294,Posted: 19 March,all,Hitmann_D,"As much as I would love to give this game a great review, I can't.Pros:  Amazing combat system.  Gameplay is  a lot of fun, and very much skill based.  The classes are fairly well balanced, and each feels unique.  Customization allows you to make your character stand out, especially in the prestige ranks.Cons:  Peer to Peer networking solution makes for an extremely poor user experience.   I can't overstate this enough, Ubisoft, to save a buck, ruined the user experience of this game.  It could have been a AAA title, but instead, it feels like a cheap crowd funded failure.  For a $60-100 game, this is absolutely unacceptable.    Connection issues plague the game.  I would say ~25% of the games I play end up with one or more players being sent back to the lobby.  There's no way to re-connect to a game.The story, while fun (due to the combat system) is shallow and very short, with very little attention given to the story itself.  It's really just a tutorial for the different classes.The multiplayer ""war"" is poorly done.   It could have a lot more depth.   There's no real reason to involve yourself in the war.  Just play the game modes you want.Team balancing is non-existent.  You can be on a team with 3 bots, as a level 0 character, against a full pre-made team of prestige 5+ players.  In Ubi's defense, the team selection is done prior to the character selection.Game modes are pretty much all the same, with minor differences.  It's either a cap & hold game, or an elimination.Conclusion:   This game could have been great, but Ubi either has a terrible User Experience designer, or none at all.  While the gameplay is alot of fun, the implementation is terrible, and shows they cut corners dramatically."
,Recommended,304390,29999260,Posted: 17 February,all,M1k3u5,"Alright, after playing in the alpha, beta, and now the finished product I can say this is by far one of the funnest games I've played in a long time. The story (I'm only in chapter two) is not half bad for the style of game that For Honor is. I see the story as there to help you learn to play the different heros and give you a nice little collection of items and steel to start playing the multiplayer. It has enough there to make it feel like a short storyand doesn't feel bogged down with an array of detail and cut scenes that can actually make a game worse (the Final Fantasy series after Final Fantasy IX is a great example of detailed story ruining gameplay).The multiplayer isn't nearly as bad as those who don't like it say. For Honor has a unique battle system that actually requires skill to be good at. If you aren't paying attention to where you need to block, you will die; doesn't matter who you are. You have to time when you want to start your combo and if you miss, you have to be smart enough to quit swinging your weapon so that you don't loose all your stamina. I prefer the assassin style hero because I can't block for♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I know I can dodge; not getting hit and not dying are key to winning a match reguardless of game mode, hero or skill level. I've beaten players who had better gear, higher levels, etc. Just by having better timing and blocking/dodging than the other player.After seeing what the delux, gold and season pass offer it boils down to wether you want to pay to unlock everything immediately or you can just buy the base game and unlock everything the old fassioned way (which is how games are meant to be played). Not paying the extra money, the only thing you won't get is a few skins. Sure you get new heros a week earlier than everyone else for your money but in a week everyone will have it and they didn't pay for it. If you want this game, don't waste your money on the extras it's not worth it in my opinion. Maybe an expansion with new maps would be worth paying for but as of now what is offered is not worth the $40+.All in all I think this is a great multiplayer game, the story mode is more of an extended tutorial that takes you through each of the basic classes for each fraction."
76561198379915001,Recommended,304390,34203780,Posted: 12 August,all,zhengjianlin1999,Very well
,Not Recommended,304390,29957515,Posted: 16 February,all,Masakari,I'll come back when they add dedicated servers.Until then I'll only play it with friends who really enjoy it.Ubisoft.You may think this was cleaver and your design of the netcode was inovative.It's not.Pay for dedicated servers.Or don't make a ♥♥♥♥ing fighting game ever again.Ever.Please dear god let this series die or fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and add more depth to the combat.I wish I could refund this purchase.
,Not Recommended,304390,30394619,Posted: 8 March,all,EvilHero,You know i pay for a full game. You Ubisoft give us a crap online experience. ffs
76561198082616480,Not Recommended,304390,30011405,Posted: 18 February,all,Bnv_12,"Don't even bother if you can't get your NAT type to open, game is unplayable if it's anything else."
,Not Recommended,304390,30011923,Posted: 18 February,all,Frausing,"WHEN I BUY A 3A GAME THAT COST ME ATLEAST 59,99 EURO, THEN I EXPECT THAT THE SERVICES THAT COMES WITH THAT GAME ♥♥♥♥ING WORKS, I'VE PLAYED A LITTLE MORE THAT 24 HOURS OF THIS GAME IN ALL, 4 HOURS THAT I'VE USED ON THE STORY AND TEN THAT I'VE USED ON THE PVP, THE REST HAVE BEEN SPENT ♥♥♥♥ING WAITING ON THE SERVERS TO RESPOND SO THAT I COULD GET INTO A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, OR WAITING FOR THE GAME TO RECONNECT ME INTO THE ♥♥♥♥ING MATCH IN WHICH I WHERE COMPETING.that said tHe game itself is beutifull and the different heroes are interesting enough, but when you're looking at how unbalanced they are, it turns off whatever hope you had in the game, I am embarresed that I actually preordered the game, but what did I expect, afterall it's a product from Ubicrap."
,Not Recommended,304390,30684863,Posted: 23 March,all,neekocheeko,"you will never own everything in this full priced game, takes  over $700 or 2.5 years of play time to unlock everything; to paraphrase the lead game designer, ""we wanted to simulate an mmo/moba game grind, you were never meant to play all heroes."" unbelievableconstant connection issues thanks to p2p matchmakinggame is unbalanced; I guess the betas and feedback was For NothingThis is a damn shame. A good game ruined by Ubisoft's greed. It has fun gameplay and graphics, but it feels slimy knowing that I'm getting pushed around as a customer whose only value to Ubisoft I have is my wallet. This is the last Ubisoft game I purchase, I cannot support this company anymore."
,Recommended,304390,30487807,Posted: 13 March,all,Jcorella,"This game has a learning cruve & matchmaking that crushes the souls of newbies.Don't even bother going into PvP if you can't consistently kill a Level 3 AI.MOSTveteran players are unforgiving and won't go easy on new players. Have some duels with your friends in the custom match mode & learn the mechanics together till you both feel confident you'd be good in PvP.You either give up early and never touch the game again or accept the fact that you're terrible and""git gud""eventually.So, two options1) Hate it and refund it2) Hate it but still keep playing &""git gud"""
76561197989000009,Recommended,304390,30050911,Posted: 19 February,all,UK Mikeyboy,"Very pretty game, very fun and I've been enjoying the hell out of it since it came out. I've had the few connection issues but those were quite rare and only made the matches pause for a few seconds before quickly resuming.Players will be dishonourable turds and throw you off ledges, in to spike walls and get ganked from many sides by people who don't know how to fight one-on-one. Practicing against AI will help you in this matter, since you'll know how to ward off a lot of bows and let them vent all their stamina and you can quickly counter-attack.This includes teammates who are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and will constant side-swipe and cause friendly fire and knock players off balance. So far I've been more scared of my own team half the time than the enemyWhile the story isn't AMAZING it's just got enough to make it worthwhile to play and has stuff to unlock in the story mode for your characters to use in multiplayer. Suffice to say when the story DLC does come out I will want to buy them to see what the last chapter will be."
,Not Recommended,304390,34220255,Posted: 13 August,all,Volkmar The Pimp,"For Honor is definitely a fun game, especially with friends. I never had the issue of finding games or getting server issues, but the one thing that makes this game complete crap for me is the Framerate kick mechanic. If your FPS is lower than 30 in an online game, you're immediatly kicked. Its annoying because I can run the game fine with no noticable FPS drops, but that won't stop me from being kicked. This makes online literally unplayable. It doesnt seem to happen in Custom Lobbies with friends, but its still very annoying nonetheless.*Edit*If you have a few friends to play this with, 100% reccomend, as the framerate kick doesnt seem to affect custom games. This is an absolute blast when you have some MATES to play with, and if you have a non-complete trash PC and can actually do multiplayer, also would reccomend."
76561198092571705,Not Recommended,304390,30198072,Posted: 26 February,all,antonins123,"Let me say first of all that the core gameplay for this game is enjoyable. I've been playing it since closed beta and have sunk many hours into it since launch.You might be wondering then why I am not recommending this game. Simply put, Ubisoft has proven to this community since launch that they have no interest in providing us with a compete/balanced product. If you live under a rock, you may not have heard about the ridiculously poor network performance in this game. This comes from the fact that ubisoft is once again cutting corners and is using a P2P connection instead of dedicated servers. Don't listen to the excuses and explanations they may give you, this is entirely for the purpose of saving money.This game also includes microtransactions (yes, in a AAA 60$ game), and these are not subtly implemented. While some games have recently decided to supplement their profits with microtransactions, most of these games allow you to earn in game currency at a reasonable pace so that a patient player does not need to buy anything. This is NOT the case in this game. Steel (the in-game currency) is given out in such minuscule amounts, and the prices of items & cosmetics are so outlandishly insane (relative to steel acquisition rates), that players will soon realize they have to choice but to buy microtransactions if they want to afford anything. Ubisoft even pulls out classic phone game tactics; they give you a large lump sum of steel in the first few hours of the game, creating the illusion that steel is easily obtainable and getting you used to spending it. Once the steel runs dry however, you will quickly realize that the rate at which you earn currency in this game is relatively slower than in most actual phone games (except those are usually free). Simply put, ubisoft's microtransaction plan is one i'd expect out of a particularly greedy free-to-play game, NOT a fully priced title that is also cutting costs in other areas at the expense of the customer.I would not recommend buying this game for any more than 10$. If you buy this game knowing what i've told you, you deserve to be separated from your money.Pros:•Enjoyable gameplay (the only reason I still play this game... if the servers are working)•Skill based (Low floor, high ceiling. It is very satisfying to progress in skill and reap the rewards in this game)•Fun heroes (varied looks/animations, good blend of strengths and weaknesses, DLC heroes promised)Cons:•VERY poor P2P servers (constant disconnects, check youtube or reddit for countless examples)•Bad matchmaking (does not take level/skill into account, very bad for new players)•Always online (even for lan custom games, single player campaign, tutorial)•Hacking and personal DDoS attacks on PC (seriously, if you play on PC your IP will be visible to everyone else in your game because of P2P. Ubisoft should be sued for this, it is a serious violation of privacy)•Cash-grabbing microtransactions! (This is the big red flag. Ubisoft does not care about you once they get your money, as is evident from the way players of this game are being treated post-launch. If for no other reason, don't buy the game for this!)"
,Recommended,304390,30953297,Posted: 4 April,all,Komrade Ushanka,"Top notch gameplay. Very fun, would reccomend."
,Not Recommended,304390,34235279,Posted: 14 August,all,St.Shenanigans,"I want to start out saying that I was BEYOND hyped for this game, a competitive game that focuses on skill-based melee combat? As a dark souls fan, count me in!The story is fun, gets you used to the combat, and establishes what each role can do, but the plot is pretty pointless. But it doesn't need a plot. It was tacked on & was pretty fun as a mini game.The multiplayer is just a mess, which is really disappointing. Certain heroes are blatantly overpowered or just bad, and offensive strategies are nowhere near as viable as just guarding all day.Originally, ping/latency was a big issue, but I hear dedicated servers are coming, so that's at least a step in the right direction. Hopefully balance comes next & this game can be as good as it should be!"
,Recommended,304390,30015430,Posted: 18 February,all,Hindu Beef Boy,"For Honor is a great game, even if the campaign is a bit strange. A tip I have is if you want to improve play the campaign on realistic or hard and play the big boss, it's difficult and gives you practice. Also do the advanced practice at the beginning. I hear about people getting booted but have never had that problem apart from because the group was full. If you have good internet than I would recommend the game"
76561197997470538,Recommended,304390,30015432,Posted: 18 February,all,Xenomir,"The game plays great. It's immensly satisfying once you get used to the controls. I haven't had that many connection issues; with 4v4 the game drops out at times but it's honestly not that big of an issue.The game is unlike anything else on the market--and, for that, it has my loyalty, because the concept incredible."
76561198130921331,Recommended,304390,30015644,Posted: 18 February,all,FxdedFade,I've played many hours of this game and this is my review... It has amazing graphics brilliant controls and amazing gameplay  and many many many hours of rage and screaming with slaughter and blood everywhere... Brilliant game and 10/10 but... Mouse and keyboard isn't recommended
76561198113160066,Not Recommended,304390,30872032,Posted: 1 April,all,Classic™,"Dear Ubisoft. i bought for honor for 40 bucks... and i can't play it. this is thanks to NAT. my nat is is restricted, and i can only join about 1 out of 10 games. how do you fix this problem. cause i sure don't know how. but to me what dosn't make sense is that in rainbow six seige, my nat is completly fine. is this a bug. whatever it is i can't play multiplayer, wich is litterally the only reason to buy this game. i feel like i could enjoy this game and put time in to it... BUT IT DOSN'T ♥♥♥♥ING WORK...please give me some help."
,Not Recommended,304390,33381020,Posted: 8 July,all,Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,tried to refund 15 times did not succeed
76561197996540177,Not Recommended,304390,30090341,Posted: 21 February,all,Caml,"Wanted to start by saying i do like this game and enjoy it for the most part and it would be worth buying if there were servers. Dont buy this game unless the make dedicated servers. You literally only get through half the games you que up for AND even if you do finish the game, chances are its going to be an unfair silly game because other players get d/c and replaced with bots ruining the game.  But you probably wont get through the game. This also doesn't count all the other random freezes as well or roll backs mid game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30287734,Posted: 2 March,all,Chuuko,"if you like cheap combat exploits, lag, and getting kicked from servers you'll love this gameCombat:Its a very interesting system but it does have some flaws. There is a lot of spam especially from shield classes who while spam a shield charge and attack then rinse and repeat.Also gaurd break is massivly exploited and its very hard to consistently counter gaurd break because the window is just so small. People also just ruin the game but just throwing people off the edge non stop which just totally ruins any fun especially since it can be so hard to counter gaurd break. Its just double tapping the gaurd break button to throw somone and they are dead there is no skill involved. I can be a bit more leniant on this in the bigger maps though because you can move around a bit more and you don't have to go near the edge but in the duel modes when you are so squished against edges its literally a race to who can grab and throw each other off first.Controls:Im having a hard time figuring out if a KB/M or controller is better. The mouse is a little buggy and somtimes resets my weapon to the middle area when im trying to block which causes me to get hit but everything else i can do a lot faster while on the controller angling your weapon is a lot easier but everything else just feels super slow and deflecting on a controller is just awkward because you have to somehow move the right joystick and hit a button at the same time and at the most precise time where my hand usually ends up slipping.The $60 experience:not worth the money, at all. It feels like a $20 game with the amount of microtransactions and how much a grind everything is and this isnt even talking about all the bugs that just lower the value.P2P Connection:Its... the worst part about this game. without a doubt. I get kicked out of like %90 of my matches and thats not an exaduration. The netcode is also extremly bad i find myself getting hit even though im blocking because of it or getting hit even when I should be out of range. Terrible, just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way for Ubi to save money on servers.P2W aspects:a lot of the game is a massive grind and its very clear that ubi really wants you to lay a ton of money down on the paid in game currency. It takes forever to get a decent amount of currency and if you go and dump money to just buy in game currency you can use that to get a ton of really high level gear which allows you to basily 2 or 3 shot people and run at mach 5 speed. This might not be too bad if it ranked all these people into theyre own matches but it always tends to match all these high level peopel with a ton of low level people so its just a massive curb stompPerformance:overall its pretty good, Im running the game at an i7-4770k and dual 980 tis in sli on a 3440x1440p 100hz monitor and for the most part im hitting that constant 100 fps at ultra settings and sli scaling is pretty good suprisingly. The game does have some stutters here and there tho but this is one of the more optomised ubi games out there.DLC:I heard they are taking the same route that they did with r6 seige where all the dlc is free but if you get the season pass its just instantly unlocked for you while for everyone else its just gona be a big grind to get the new characters so it does not split the playerbase.Thoughts:I might be able to recomend this game on a sale if they fix the server issues but because of that I really cannot recomend the game at all its totally broken and not worth its $60 price tag and the interesting combat can't make up for all of the issues.Also coming from somone who played the alpha, 2 technical tests, the closed beta, the open beta, and now the full game. It literally feels like nothing has changed since the alphadefinatly a game of the year material, go buy it and all of the microtransactions definatly worth, 10/10"
76561198071283852,Not Recommended,304390,30090301,Posted: 21 February,all,soapyking,"This game is pretty cool but I wouldn't know how it plays with sound because I have to disable my sound engine just for it to come up. You would think that a company like ubisoft wouldn't have a problem like this, alas they do. Now I know it has somthing to do with it not being installed on the C: drive but i literally cant put anything else on there so I am stuck with a game that has no sound..... thanks Ubisoft......"
76561198034386148,Not Recommended,304390,30287518,Posted: 2 March,all,PlatyPunch,"Amazing core gameplay, very friendly and welcoming community, even when you're losing you still have fun, the story mode is better than it has any business of being, so what's the downside? That infamous networking, why is it that Ubisoft puts out such amazing products only to have such glaring flaws keep them from being great. I literally just played multiplayer for the past hour, didn't finish a single match. It is infuriating, if you haven't gotten it yet all I can say is, wait, wait and hope that they fix the networking issue."
76561198029041484,Not Recommended,304390,30196053,Posted: 26 February,all,Yoes,anything more than 1v1 gamemode will got disconnected all the time
,Not Recommended,304390,29941798,Posted: 15 February,all,Klaszik,"Good game  , really funbut  stupid server and nat type system  , fak sake"
76561198357780849,Not Recommended,304390,29953977,Posted: 15 February,all,suziejessie118,"Constently freezes, The lag is pretty bad too. Servers are always down and keeps showing up with a black svrean when i try to start my pc. I have a £2000 gaming pc and restarting it dont help. It's not my pc its your game. I cant believe i paid £40 for this."
76561198045136081,Not Recommended,304390,30216507,Posted: 27 February,all,FooKFiGhTeR,"It is a great game paired with horrible online system.It is 2017 and game companies like Ubisoft are heading backwards to the P2P ages.Seriously how much does it cost to host and mantain servers all over the regions ?? 1 in Asia, 1 in EU, 1 in US and 1 in ME I am pretty sure it costs lesser than the millions you have earned and still earning due to micro transactions.Unacceptable get your♥♥♥♥♥♥straight Ubisoft !"
,Not Recommended,304390,30002051,Posted: 17 February,all,Hamma Time,"THE DESCRIPTION KEEPS CHANGING ALL THE TIME!I live in China but i'm an English speaker, buying STEAM games on the Chinese version of the store.At first it said no English, so i wasn't going to buy it. Then, it said it has English, so i bought it, but it only has English AUDIO! All the menu's are in Chinese or Russian.And NOW they have changed the description again to say the English is Audio only!!!Requested a refund.Get it together STEAM!"
76561198260515607,Not Recommended,304390,30029791,Posted: 19 February,all,conkling.aubrey,"Do 'NOT' buy this game until they fix the lobby stability. It's player to player based connection and weird things are happening on ubisofts end. The game needs patched the matches are reliable (less d/c). First few days I had no issues, the last few days. The lobbies have been utter garbage. The game in it's current state is worth $5 imho. When they fix the connectivity issues I'd say pay full price. But until then, you're just buying a game that will not work reliably 75% of the matches you join."
76561198033851190,Not Recommended,304390,29952439,Posted: 15 February,all,NinjaDRL,"day 2 of release already see people cheating on this game, changing targets as soon as you hit range ( you approach from behind 2v1 they insta lock on you if u are closer and autoparry, yes not even block or dodge im talking parry) and attackchain cancel script if u change to guard/block attack they cancel shift other direction and rechain/combo in less than 1 second... knew I was having too much fun on day 1 for it to be true, guess I just have to expect all skill based games to get hacked for lazy people everytime."
76561198015124431,Recommended,304390,31835872,Posted: 19 May,all,SimpleMinded™,"I dont normally write reviews for games but i think i need to write one for this game. I will just get right to it.I LOVE For Honor.For Honor is a game that immediately grabbed my attention when it was first revealed. It was honestly a very strange looking game. I had never seen anything like it but the idea of playing as some of the coolest pieces of History was just so fantastic.Ubisoft made a gem, its rough around the edges, some bugs here, crashes there, disconnecting from matches quite a bit. But underneath all of those things is quite possibly the best Fighting game every created.I urge you, I BEG you, Please give this game a try. I know this game has abysmal reviews, i know people say its nothing but a buggy unplayable game. But please just try it. It takes A LOT of practice to even come close to winning matches but it is worth every second of pain.TL;DR For Honor is an amazing, underrated game that people really should consider trying."
76561198223229324,Recommended,304390,30761478,Posted: 26 March,all,Caulin_26546,"I dont want to write a 5 paragraph essay saying why this game isnt for everyone, but I like it."
,Recommended,304390,30212207,Posted: 26 February,all,Hibi-de Akamatsu,"Look, I really enjoyed this game. Though, I can't truly recommend it. After awhile, it becomes rather dull, you'll start seeing the same things, every battle usually ends up the same because of the ""Offensive vs Defensive"" reward system, meaning there are more benefits to not attacking, rather than being the aggressor.I'll just make a listPros :- Combat can be fun- Story Mode is worth a playthrough- DLC, when it comes out, will be free- Variety of characters- The community is ""somewhat"" decent- They're patching it as time goes, the game came out not too long ago, so maybe one day I can actually recommend it.Cons :- No dedicated servers from Ubisoft, you will notice a lot of disconnection issues, playing with friends can be difficult- Bugs which players can abuseUpdated 3/30/2017 - For Honor team is working on fixing their game, I've noticed less connection issues and solutions to problems in the past. I would recommend this game at a lower price tag at the moment."
,Not Recommended,304390,31097687,Posted: 12 April,all,tyj5471,Anyway I need to put a review on this. FOR HONOR is a great game and great concept and no doubt Im enjoyed the game. BUT I experienced that I will never gonna owned another game from Ubisoft. After the latest update I never able to play the match anymore which keep having the major ERROR disconnecting from Ubi's server and FYI my internet is normal and my NAT is always green in colour.And the service team which is the support team is SUCK as the name. If you wish to get a replied from them there will be decade of time need to wait and there r no more replied from them.I wish to continue enjoy the game but unfortunately Ubi doesnt want me to be their HONOR fans. And I realize that an AAA game by Ubi gonna need more configuration to able to play smootly than any INDIE GAME and unlucky enough I still not playable after done so much.Hope Ubi can take good care to the normal players like me and I wish that the game still playable by me. THAKS A LOT.
76561198043314236,Recommended,304390,29951568,Posted: 15 February,all,Mr. Smonk,DEUS VULT
76561198033234944,Not Recommended,304390,29951885,Posted: 15 February,all,castingaway,"This game has fun and creative combat what bogs it down is the amount of money they try to milk you for $60 dollar game, $40 dlc, and microtransactions for $5-$100 usd. Its just a business model the gaming community CANNOT support, and on top of it you have to sign in on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3rd party software to play the game (uplay)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30041679,Posted: 19 February,all,J H Hammound,"When looking through the steam reviews I'm just seeing a lot of issues complaining about the p2p and issues that come from that.  These are all totally valid, but others have already pointed them out so I won't waste time on it.The reason I don't recomend this game is because the core combat system is broken.  Playing defensive has almost no risks, while playing offensive has almost no rewards (with the expection of warden, the only character who can play offense #1 balance design)  In 1v1 duels, already people are able to counter every agressive action, so the game turns into two heros just feinting at each other, both just fishing for parries.  This is incrediable boring to play, and watch.  It also makes a large portion of most heros kits being useless, or sometimes entire heros being completely unusable (lawbringer, valkyrie, raider).Another incrediable stupid design choice is that characters change their block stance at different speeds.  Seems like it makes sense, it will let the defensive characters actually be better at defense... Untill you realize that the assassin characters have the best and fastest gaurd stances.  Assassins also have much better dodges (the dodge speed is faster, and it has much better range, dodges give I frames), and they have deflects; a deflect is if an assassin dodges last second, they not only don't get hit, they get free and unavoidable attacks in.  As it stands, assassins, the so called glass canon classes have more and better options on the defense, over the so called defensive characters.  Wut lol.And as people are realizing that the game doesn't have the depth to be a true fighting game, people are claiming the 4v4 and team modes are where the game is most viable.  I also disagree very strongly with this.  My two biggest issues with the 4v4 games modes are revenge, and trying to fight mutipal people.  Revenge is a fine machanic to allow comebacks, but revenge gear (bought out of a microtransaction loot box) allows people to get revenge halfway into a 1v1 fight.  The other big issue comes from fighting mutipal people.  If any of the group of enemies are smart enough to just spam gaurdbreak as the others attack, even if the gaurd break is counterd, damage still is applied to the defender.  Even when you correctly counter an opponents move, you will take damage for it..."
,Not Recommended,304390,29952465,Posted: 15 February,all,九格,没有人觉得用鼠标比用手柄难吗？对于不会用手柄的我来说，这游戏很难
,Not Recommended,304390,30043108,Posted: 19 February,all,Alu,No real Matchmaking.No real Servers.in a game which 90% of all people play for the multiplayer.LUL
,Not Recommended,304390,29952026,Posted: 15 February,all,GRD,eac.exe problem buy it on origin it will work with no problem
76561198066059776,Not Recommended,304390,29952463,Posted: 15 February,all,Feng Zehui,0006000018.
,Not Recommended,304390,29952558,Posted: 15 February,all,Hyankinthos,"Now I played this game a lot during the betas around 20+ hours. I'm not gonna talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about the servers and all since there's already hundres of reviews like that. Instead I'm gonna talk about how unbalanced classes are and which ones need touchups.This game is a lot of fun when you aren't spammed with continous guardbreaks or when someone just moves one inch just to get out of the wave of your 6ft poleaxe. Now I'm gonna list the characters from the most OP to the least OP.PeaceKeeper/WardenWarLordsBerserkersValkyriesRaidersOrochiConquerorNobushiKenseiShugokiLawbringer.The first 3 pretty much dominate the battlefield with the warden's combo of shoulderbash and light attacks that are never ending and you'll die before they run out of stamina.Peacekeepers will just guardbreak you and stab you to death. and how the hell can a little girl guardbreak a giant with metal plate armor with ease?Warlords will just headbutt you to death.I specifically played as lawbringer since the official release of the game and boy oh boy is he useless. I honestly feel like he's a worse Conqueror since his main combo does rely on a unblockable bash. Plus his weapon is suppose to be the most versatile weapon ever created yet it cant reach an inch whenever an enemy just backs up from an attack and Im not talking about side stepping no they just go back one inch and they somehow get out of reach of a giant stick.BTW the only way to actually play this game and win is just guardbreaks, unblockables and just spam those. Oh and never get into a 2v1 cause you'll pretty much die anyways even with the help of Revenge. They'll just guardbreak ya while the other constantly hits ya.And in 1v1s if you go up against a character with a shield its pretty much guranteed that they'll get revenge and then just stomp on ya cause they get more health for a selective time getting rid of the progress you already put into them.Oh and the community on here is hella salty, if you beat them they'll legit go nuts or just leave the game in general.But hey if ya don't care about playing a certain class cause they seem really cool with their weapon and entire setup cause like who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about fashion when you can win? Then just pick this game up, pick warden, and spend an hour going up against lvl 2/3 bots learn the combos and then go in and just win.IMO this game shouldnt be like a chess rock paper scissors. Each class should have its own unique attributes that commit more into the game like how a small frail woman should be able to guardbreak a giant hunk of metal without losing a ton of stamina. Nor should someone be able dodge back an inch and evade a weapon that clearly would still hit them unless they dodged to the sides cause that makes more sense to me. Anyways ubisoft didnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the new characters and probably will never update them and didnt even do anything about these absurd characters even when a lot of people were vocal about.Anyways buy at your own risk, have fun being ganked, spammed, insulted, and hard countered."
,Not Recommended,304390,29953223,Posted: 15 February,all,Segenamak,"Pros:Do you like pretty looking scenery ""improved"" by chromatic aberration?Cons:Do you like Rock, Paper, Scissors?"
,Not Recommended,304390,29955465,Posted: 15 February,all,Kardel,"""The For Honor servers are unreachable at this time please try again later""Get used to seeing this.Don't even bother grabbing this $60 game until Ubisoft fixes their server issues, if they ever."
76561198032826380,Not Recommended,304390,34363863,Posted: 19 August,all,z.sethna86,"When I played this game for their free trial I instantly fell in love. I asked myself ""How can anyone not like this game?"" After playing for a bit over 10 hours I now see why. It all comes down to the match making. The match making in this game is horrible at best. Rarely do I get put into a fair game with even remotely similiar competition. This matchmaking has completely tarnished the experience for me and I regret paying 30 dollars for this game."
76561198000854773,Not Recommended,304390,30024143,Posted: 18 February,all,Oculolingus,"Half a year after the game was released, and the problems at launch still persist. I can barely get into a game even with green NAT, and just one person leaving the game causes the whole game to buffer and stop the action for five seconds, as well as having a good chance to boot me out of the game. Dominion still has awful matchmaking. I keep getting paired with people ten times my level. Duel and Brawl isn't much better. I can't find any Elimination or Skirmish games.Another reason to dislike Ubisoft. Don't buy it."
76561198055665457,Recommended,304390,30185945,Posted: 25 February,all,NetCrasher™,"If there was a neutral recommendation I would use it for this game. Its unqiue and thats reflected in its gameplay. There is no medieval fighting game that does what For Honor sets out to do better. Its a shame to see balance and poor connection really take away whats good about this game, but with dedicated servers on the horizen and balance changes coming in so often, the game will likely change for the better. Even though it may seem like its slow but if its slow and done right than thats good with me. I'm giving it a positive review because I feel like the game still has its good moments.P.S Delete Centurion."
76561198074545670,Recommended,304390,34382271,Posted: 20 August,all,The Scarlet Pimpledick,"Been turned off by the bad reviews (and full price) but it's the only game I've been playing lately (got it at half price)! Love the combat and customization. going against high skill players is challenging, which makes it more fun for me. Very happy with it :>"
,Not Recommended,304390,34507374,Posted: 26 August,all,Deus Definitely Vults,"OK. It's time. I've put off writing anything about this game because I really wanted to give it a chance. I've played this game A LOT, more so than many of the reviewers here who just complain about OP heroes or microtransactions.After I broke about 30 hours into this game and started to improve, I had fun. I was able to overcome the negativity that plagued the game in its first few months. But just as I had discovered what the really game had to offer, sadly, the major problem presented itself...The issue with this game is not OP heroes, microtransactions, or the long grind to obtain cosmetics and gear (although I do admit that they are there and can turn new players off). The issue is that the game developers do not care about this game enough. This leaves the tiny playerbase feeling alienated, angry and confused. The game had so much potential, but the development team decided to add more heroes and cosmetics instead of fixing the major issues.When they announced dedicated servers for later this year, I uninstalled the game.When a team for a game decides to finally fix their online play (WHICH IS 90% OF THE GAME) a whole half year after release, even I get angry. I do not plan to revisit For Honor until at least next year. I will see how the game has changed, and maybe it can change my mind. But as for right now, I do not have high hopes.TL;DRThe game was fun, but as you get further in you realize the game has REAL issues that were never addressed until MONTHS after release. The game is not worth your time in its current state. Maybe there will be future updates to make this game great like Ubisoft did to Rainbow 6 Siege, but I doubt it. Wait for a sale or get it on a third party website if you really want to play it..."
76561197990364494,Not Recommended,304390,34498989,Posted: 26 August,all,s3agl3,it's alright...
,Not Recommended,304390,34382827,Posted: 20 August,all,Sparto,This game still has problems that have been there from the start but instead of fixing them they just add more problems... They saw first hand in the tournement how broken the game was and yet the have still done nothing to fix it... Save your money and if you want a medieval combat game just buy Mount & Blade or Chivalry!
,Recommended,304390,34545163,Posted: 27 August,all,Prince Wea of Boo,Pros:The mechanics are deep and skillbasedGame play is fast and rewardingWhen you get to play against simeine of the same level as you you can really enjoy itCons:Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥Whilst not being too demanding it requires a somewhat decent rig to run smoithly. This may be nitpicky but i feel that a gane like this should be playable on things like intergrated grahpics cinsidering how small the maps are granted the graphics are verry detailed but the maps are still tiny.Maps are tiny. (A problem for some people though im not one of them)Offline content is abysmallI would recomend it if you have a good internet connectiin and are buying the game on saleIts a good game but at the same time its a marmite game youll either love it or hate it.
76561198006766419,Not Recommended,304390,34782303,Posted: 6 September,all,Gravechill,"This game HAD a lot of potential but the very bad balancing between classes combined with frequent crashes , many many bugs and the fact that you are usually set up against players the are way more skilled and better equipt than you make it unplayable.Ubisoft has really screwed up this game with bad descision after bad descision."
,Not Recommended,304390,34785212,Posted: 6 September,all,McShronk,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing hard for newer player to adapt to the game because of lack of players. Nice concept, terrible execution by UbiSoft. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ not recommended at all."
,Not Recommended,304390,34786087,Posted: 6 September,all,Hugh Janice,The game play felt so fun but this game has the WORST connection issues ive ever had to deal with in a game. 8 hours of gameplay on this game and in almost every game i played someone lagged out. Getting it to keep a party up is also near impossible... After every game you would have to restart the game and re join the party before trying to find another game to lag out of. How is this game not a beta?
76561198058343015,Not Recommended,304390,34430367,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr. Weeaboo-San,"Be Prestige Level: 0Be a scrub Raider (I like the mix-ups)Go for a normal brawl like a happry little camper I am...GET PUT INTO A MATCH WITH PRESTIGE 67 AND UP....mfw...-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In all reality though, this game has horrible matchmaking. It's balance system tends to be: you beat some reputation 1's now for reputation 20!The huge gap it leaves just devastates any player that has some feeling of confidence. It gives you hopes of ""you're doing well, you'll go far!!"" then gives you the heights of skill as opponents. it puts you aagainst a wall of insurmountable odds that will shrug off all mix-ups and combos you have ever tried and will leave you helpless as you can defend yourself like everyone else at this level. I'm glad my rep 1 is good enough to fight rep 67 though..."
76561198085063289,Not Recommended,304390,31470708,Posted: 30 April,all,raza,"nice gameplay, if only you could play..."
76561198087020397,Recommended,304390,32241494,Posted: 7 June,all,etherealdread,This game has a steep learning curve but the gameplay is well worth it.
76561198218761453,Not Recommended,304390,31471634,Posted: 30 April,all,xXLunarMelodyXx,"Peer to peer connections, ""Advanced"" though they claim it is, Ruins any fun, enjoyable, or worthwhile aspect. That, combined with these blatant, INSULTING microtransactions, Abusive trolls in every game, and an above average number of exploiters, This game is great in concept but a complete, depressing failure. DO NOT BUY. that sixty dollars can go towards something awesome. if you havent gotten it, Get GTA V instead."
76561197971997022,Not Recommended,304390,30045069,Posted: 19 February,all,Grinch,"I have never written a review before but I felt that this game has reached a certain level of terrible that I needed to say something. While I have been frustrated for some time by how lazy gaming has become this game has truly reached a new low. Never mind how long it normally takes to simply find a game. You have absolutely no idea how many times you are going to find yourself paused in the middle of a game while the client attempts to catch up. Even more, I now don't even know if I will be be allowed into the game itself as it now often times simply errors out before even entering the main screen. For a company like Ubisoft to release something as broken as this and actually demand $60 for it is reprehensible. It is time for things to change."
,Not Recommended,304390,34768974,Posted: 5 September,all,King Sosa Guwop,"For Money, carve a path of destruction through your wallet, through an intense unbalanced battlefield in For Money.If I could I'd refund this game, I would, but unfortunately, they have taken my money and won't return it as I wish they would because these past few Ubisoft games have been an utter disappointment. Nevermind that lets stick to For Money, not only will you never be able to get your cool looking gear, or emotes, you'll also go through hundreds of malacious people, buggy gameplay, and server issues. I quit playing this game a for a few months and recently came back hoping that they would fix the problems that I experienced during the launch of the game. Pranks on me because nothing has changed and its gotten worse.The microtransactions are too much Ubi. Seriously, season pass, buy steel, buy champion status, all in the meanwhile we at Ubisoft aren't going to fix the issues that plague this game making it terrible to play.The combat is still buggy making this unplayable in any realm for those who play games casually and just want to have fun. I played one game on my way back to For Money. A pal and I, combined, reached prestiege 7, so we obviously aren't all to sharp when it comes to playing the game again. Nevertheless, Ubisoft will always succeed in disappointment as we face two people whos combined prestiege go over 70+. I don't think their matchmaking has been fixed which was a problem before and still is. I would really come back to this game if someone I played against was actually in my skill level. Not only that but we left the game to hop into another and guess what? Ubi you've done it again you great dev's you, we got to wait 10 minutes to get into another game for facing people who were astronomically better than us! Really great design on Ubisofts part I really couldn't think of a better system myself.Meanwhile at the office...Boss: ""So guys the public isn't taking the launch of our new game For Money very well... What do we do?!""Tom: ""I got an idea, let's try to fix everything they say is wrong with it!""Boss: ""Tom you're a donkey, get out you're fired.""Ross: ""Wait I have an idea, lets instead of listening to them, just throw on a few new characters, microtransactions of course, lol. We also will then put a penalty timer on every game they leave, regardless of the gamemode, and see how they like the game then!""Boss: ""I'd like to make an annoucement, Ross will now lead the For Money project due to his amazing shotcalling.""basically what I would think is going on at ubisoft literally for honor was a huge disappointment and so was steep rb6 was their only success and even that has its issues"
76561197962115601,Not Recommended,304390,30040402,Posted: 19 February,all,Rudeasaurus,"Usually I don't write reviews, though in this case I feel it is warranted. There are considerable connectivty issues with this game, beginning with ridiculous NAT resctrictions (which required port forwarding to begin to address). After resolving strict NAT issues, which prevented me from even finding a game, I then attempted to find a game with a completely green and open NAT. I still remained unable to find any games in my region in many game modes, and after 30+ minutes of trying found one game, in a mode I wasn't interested in playing, which I was entered into near the loss.  Unacceptable for the price, refund requested.On a side note, gameplay seemed decent, though I was only able to find TWO matchs (one almost completed) in 93 minutes of trying.  If connectivity issues are resolved would consider re-purchasing."
,Recommended,304390,34552537,Posted: 28 August,all,Bacon Overlord,Choke execution works well 10/10Would choke kids again.
,Not Recommended,304390,30329775,Posted: 4 March,all,Niggatron Prime,"Great game 10/10, Company that made it 0/10 should have given the idea to another company to make. ♥♥♥♥ING WHY P2P UBI WHY."
76561198216229488,Recommended,304390,34238460,Posted: 14 August,all,ork warbozz okazz,good damn game (just ♥♥♥♥ing dedicated servers) i wish i could switch factions (ae switch to knight Deus vult) .
,Recommended,304390,30534058,Posted: 15 March,all,IrishSlav,Connection to the Ubisoft servers has been lost: Review will be available when a connection has been established.
76561198414939968,Not Recommended,304390,34699802,Posted: 2 September,all,Haiylee,"I liked the combat system, but For Honor definitely needs more game modes; and $60 is too much for this game."
,Recommended,304390,34703623,Posted: 2 September,all,itsReX ✔,For Honor is a game with a lot of potential... but so basically... Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,29985820,Posted: 17 February,all,Shrapnel Effect,"New: Update. They Murdered the game, plently of reviews to explain how..... Do not buy,,,,,,For Honor has a great combat system that pays off well when a team works together well, it has all the makings of being Ubisofts next Esport game but damn they have some issues to fix first,Connection issues have happened to me once or twice not as much as i see others comment about.Connecting to games already in progress is stressful if the team is dominating,The matchmaking for players with same skill level will hopefully be adressed once they have gathered a range of player skills.they are my only issues apart from ganking but what can you do lol GANK BACK!The story mode ain't nothing special but its a great way to try out all the Classes in the game with a friend in CO OP thats just adds a story element to basicly a get to know the characters tutorial, but even thats a bit harsh the story so far has been pretty fun but it will be forgotten much like Ryse: Son of RomeFix server issues, fix matchmaking, fix me being♥♥♥♥♥♥and its gona be a great great game,"
76561198119187053,Recommended,304390,31660697,Posted: 10 May,all,Heathcliff,"Harsh learning curve, and salty players. But ultimately very fun"
76561198039831059,Not Recommended,304390,34670560,Posted: 1 September,all,derpcannon,"this game has so much potential, and the devs screwed it upthe amount of times i have been killed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, such as you not being able to dodge gourd breaks, only using a counter, other wise they just teleport to you and still gaurd blockanother thing is that fighting is not actually wether your attacks hit its whether game says they do, what i mean by that is you can see you weapon go through your opponent and thay block or attack you, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ti have actually had fun with this game but almost not even skill based, more just a spam fest where your worst opponent,,, is host migrationin conclusion dont buy the game, it will waste your time and money"
76561198072359181,Not Recommended,304390,30210634,Posted: 26 February,all,Guardianslayer9,Garbage connectivity maybe if I can finish 1/5 games before disconnecting then I'd recommend.
76561198028041182,Not Recommended,304390,32158792,Posted: 3 June,all,Lokabrenna,Way over priced! The story mode is terrible.The multiplayer is fun for a while but really not worth the money.
,Not Recommended,304390,30497260,Posted: 13 March,all,Sintho,"In short: disconnects, menu interface is very unclear, cannot easily add friends (from within the game) , story too short and bugs. waste of money."
,Not Recommended,304390,30498137,Posted: 13 March,all,DollarCobra,"I like the consept of the multiple hero's and you can pick any to fit you, however people are picking hero's what are the best and have broken moves. oviously it seems i am blamming the community but the devs pushed out the game to early and should have had more open betas and acctualy used them to learn and adapt to complaints instead it was used as a teaser of the game, classic ubisoft...Basically the game isn't ready and won't be until the dev start to focus on balance not adding new people in, like they plan to. The peer to peer connection is a good idea until you relise it has to hold 8 people and at the moment not everyone fibre optic broadband or broadband what is good, this also shows the problem of blocking isn't reaction time it's who has the better internet. I say this as i have had multiple time where i do a light attack and i see my oppoent block but i still hit them, i ask them if it was the same for them and they say they thought they blocked it. For people wondering my internet connection speed is around 30mbps so i relate this to above average in Southern England.Sum it up:Good game i like to play this game and don't regret buying it and would recommend buying it, but it is not ready and if you want to have the best memories of this game wait a couple of months to see the progress and decide then."
76561198228387344,Not Recommended,304390,34693970,Posted: 2 September,all,Papa_nut,"this game is actual garbage, unbalanced character pool, dumb exploits, and buggy characters. dont waste your money"
,Not Recommended,304390,30046834,Posted: 19 February,all,ItzRixis,I had to refund the game because it wouldn't even start up.  I played it during the beta though.  I dc'd almost every game.  If that gets fixed I would recommend the game
76561198013978474,Not Recommended,304390,32083271,Posted: 31 May,all,Doppelgänger,While I do enjoy this game where are several issues it has. Firstly the game still hasn't fixed its bug where any match played against ai grants no rewards pushing away newer players from picking up the game as the only way to level in the multiplayer is to deal with its second point. The player base as it is right now is very small and basically a refined form of the problems other  games have basically all trolls or tryhards making the game even harder for newer players to pick up. would i reccommend this game? not until Ubisoft goes in and fixes its serious issues with the game.
76561198030072163,Not Recommended,304390,29952358,Posted: 15 February,all,Bijju Bhattaram,"UBIsoft r u kidding me, this stupid game does not start on my desktop and NAT shows to strict, which mean i cannot connect to online game! Fix this now or refund !"
76561197964982629,Recommended,304390,31851607,Posted: 19 May,all,Ban,Good Game.Has some connectivity issues but not as rampant as most reviews suggest. Majority of the disconnects are actually from salty raging uchiha orochis that smash their computers after getting dominated which cause host migration and player sync disconnects.TL;DR Steam 2hr refund policy
76561198121459560,Recommended,304390,34608279,Posted: 30 August,all,pyrolabs45,"The game has a steep learning curve that is divided between learning and memorizing the move sets of the many heroes then learning how to counter the heroes while also trying to predict how your opponents think or just do who know what and accept what happens or do what a handful of players do and complain and throw dull insults because they think the game is just like some other game that they are ""good"" at and then get tossed into the pit of reality due to their own shortsightedness, then on the other hand there are a few players who are actually decent. While connection can be iffy when you have bad wifi or family who uses up as much bandwith as they can, on a higher note dedicated servers are coming in early 2018 which will eliminate the worry of disconnecting because of a rage quit but might give us the problem of ping lag along with the fps lag a few players suffer from due to not being able to get to 60fps. Overall I would recommend this game mainly for the open minded and ones who actually enjoy the learning curve. I'd rate this a 7.3/10 due to the game having the potential to fix a few of it's shortcomings."
76561198003014973,Recommended,304390,34557634,Posted: 28 August,all,Petter,Carried a guy over the ledge 3 times he called me **** feels good 8/10 i'm a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,304390,29992960,Posted: 17 February,all,★Oakesy™,"For Honor.... Well it was a game that everyone hyped for and everyone wanted to be a fantastic game. Despite Ubisoft known for unfinished games, Ubisoft has actually turned things around with this AAA Title.When i first played For Honor in its beta stage, I didnt like it at first, but as time went by i started to enjoy it more and more. There are as many Positives as there are Negatives.Positives:+ The gameplay is awesome, and well designed.+ It is well optimized and the graphics are outstanding.+ The customization is good and you can customise your heroes relatively quite well.+ The classes are well balanced and all have their unique play styles.+ AI bots are relatively competent and not 'OP' as many other games are.+ The story is decent enough for a game that focused on multiplayer.+ The Faction war is quite entertaining, and you can play the other factions, as well as your own. Unlike NBA MyPark where you can only play with your own faction.+ The Community are very lively and tend to play as if it was real (Honor Code) although you can get the odd few who are toxic and will fight you in a 3v1 situation then say ""ez""+ The combat system is well designed, and as a matter of opinon one of the best systems to date.Negatives:- No offline mode. This was a bad idea due to if Ubisoft went down, there is no way to play this game, not even an offline practise mode.- Revenge mechanic. Dont get me wrong the revenge mechanic is well implemented but in situations where it is a 1v1 and the person your fighting just blocks continuously and gains revenge then kills you with 2 hits, at that point it gets really irritating. Besides that in a 2v1, 3v1 situation this is a good mechanic.- Peer To Peer Connection. This seems like an old thing to do, come on Ubisoft its the future where is our dedicated servers at. This does get pretty annoying when the host has bad connection, or when they tab out its even worse.- Microtransactions. Really Ubisoft? you make us pay £39.99 for the game. Yet you let people who take their mum and dads money to bypass all the level ups ect. Its annoying!Although the negatives are genuinely bad the Positives outweigh the Negatives and i enjoy playing this game, i just hope Ubisoft brings out further updates and start to listen to the community because this game has HUGE Potential.If I were to rate this game it would be a 9/10."
,Recommended,304390,33087664,Posted: 1 July,all,Frozen,Gangbang simulator 11/10
,Not Recommended,304390,34613269,Posted: 30 August,all,meatcurtains,"Unique combat style, sweet executions, and decent music. Also veteran players spamming the same combo the whole game."
,Not Recommended,304390,33565378,Posted: 15 July,all,Gert,... and this game could have easily been so great.  Sad
76561198198854903,Not Recommended,304390,30599864,Posted: 18 March,all,Yachty,"If they dont fix their ♥♥♥♥ing-potato servers the game will die and nobody will feel bad about it.On the contrary,i will spit on its grave"
,Not Recommended,304390,34563971,Posted: 28 August,all,ratchetman,i dont like it. it's not fun.
,Not Recommended,304390,30708003,Posted: 24 March,all,Duke2601,Its ok I guess. It got old for me in like 5 hours of gameplay. Its not bad but it is not really good either.
,Not Recommended,304390,30196781,Posted: 26 February,all,runtcash,"Very light on content, class balancing issues and peer 2 peer multiplayer makes for bad times. It can be fun when everyone isn't getting disconnected but not enough for the price tagPlayer numbers are rapidly dropping also"
76561198068933146,Recommended,304390,34961263,Posted: 14 September,all,TransNiger Racoon,"I love this game. It has some bugs, and it can make me mad at times because of that, but I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone"
76561198072614281,Not Recommended,304390,31268704,Posted: 20 April,all,MadKing,Bad connection. Kicks you out of the game even when you are playing Single-player Campain
,Recommended,304390,29964529,Posted: 16 February,all,Yavanna,"After seeing all the terrible reviews of this game having played hours of it I decided to make my own.Pros:Excellent graphics, I have no problems whatsoever.The gameplay is fun yet can be quite hard to learn.Customisation of your characters is extensive with colored patterns and ornaments.Cons:Some characters are really unbalanced, Lawbringer being too slow to hit anything that isn't a heavy character, Valkyrie using a wet noodle for a weapon.The timing of counter guard breaking has been reduced to a very small time, making guard breaks spammy as hell.Guard breaks + 2 hit attacks allow for easy wins with some characters if your enemy is new.Neutral:Microtransactions and the season pass, these can make some people disgusted and just not buy the game entirely, just know that you don't even need to pay a single penny for anything, be it gear or cosmetics. Sure you can pay like £4 to unlock all the 4v4 feats on a character, but you can earn those after a bunch of games.Connection issues are a problem yes, but they do not happen literally every game, maybe once every 4th game you get a connection error or a player disconnects, or you may not be able to join one game. Some complain about insane lag issues but I have gotten none.Skill curve, later on when you win games you'll come across players who are very good at the game, no matter what level you are on your character. You'll get matched up with prestiged players when you can only be level 4 on your Warden. It is good if you are skilled yourself but awful if your learning a new character.The Campaign is basically one massive lootfest which gives you 5k steel (currency), emblem pieces and cosmetics, but its pretty much disguised itself from being one large tutorial. Everytime you start a mission you are constantly given tooltips on how to play, even after replaying on a higher difficulty.Apparently there are also some people using cheats online, such as instant parry, blocks + counter guard breaks, I never faced one though.Is the game good? yes, but there are issues. Will it get better? Probably."
,Recommended,304390,29964548,Posted: 16 February,all,Based Jojo,Im really enjoying it.
76561198035752785,Recommended,304390,29970444,Posted: 16 February,all,Nyquillus,"If you like Dark Souls pvp you'll love this game. i havent encountered any bugs since release, happy with mechanics and population and unlike popular opinion this game is far, far away from being pay to win.HOWEVER especially when there are 75.000+ people online in game its mostly between evening and nighttimes for european timezone its impossible to stay connected to a 4v4 game. if by any chance you don't disconnect, the rest of your team will and lose the game alone surrounded with bots. Im enjoying every concept of the game but please ubisoft fix this.You fixed rainbow 6. we saw its doable. do it again.7/10 (will increase with connectivity performance)."
,Recommended,304390,35058967,Posted: 18 September,all,"♥ChiDDe♥ ""working""",Fun game but gets a bit boring since there isnt really a big storymode.
76561198053299312,Recommended,304390,31692485,Posted: 11 May,all,KjcKiesh,"TL;DR - Great game, maybe not worth £40/$60. Wait for the Steam sale then definitely pick it up, this game deserves to do well.I'm gonna give this game a recommend, not cause of Ubisoft, but because it's a damn good game that I want to see do well. It maybe deserved some of the negative flak at launch, but the dev's seem to be listening more to the community now.After patch 1.06 the game feels much more stable. Not completely stable, but about 9/10 matches I will stay connected to.Fighting mechanics are great and fun to play with, but at super high level there is the problem of the ""turtle meta"", because defence atm is very strong.Ideally you want to run this game on 60fps as you need to be able to react at 500ms. Not saying the game is unplayable at lower fps (my laptop currently clocks 35-40fps ingame) but you will notice that you are unable some of the really fast attacks cause technically speaking you have less time to react"
,Recommended,304390,30787575,Posted: 27 March,all,Axios,"Strengths:Good graphics.Great gameplayDeep combatWeaknesses:Some classes are a little OP, though is isn't completely overwhelming.Faction war needs some work, to make it more meaningful.If you want a melee dueling simulation against other players, this is a good choice. I'd grab it on sale, but I got my moneys worth for sure."
76561198016579204,Recommended,304390,34309622,Posted: 17 August,all,LIFF(UANIA),"I'm not playing at a high level, but as a scrub noob I'm having an absolute blast with this extemely ambitious and innovative game.PROS:> Best melee fighting system I've played yet> Great classes, making it difficult to choose a main because there are so many appealing ones> Graphics> Variety of game modes, I'm having fun in both single-player and online, one-on-one and in bigger battlesCONS:> Campign story was written for simple 12-year olds> Gear that affects stats in multiplayer (not 1v1)I'm not sure if things are resolved in season 3, or if I just haven't encountered it yet, but I have had zero connectivity issues, and haven't had to deal with excessive turtling.Thumbs up, biiiiiiiiiiiiiitches."
76561198110490513,Recommended,304390,34383676,Posted: 20 August,all,Elbow Presley,"Incontinens!Incontinens!Incontinens!Incredibiles!Incredibiles!Incredibiles!Etiam!Etiam!Etiam!Infirmus!Infirmus!Infirmus!Be warned, this it the worst community I've ever seen."
,Not Recommended,304390,30431653,Posted: 10 March,all,KaiBR,"Gameplay 10/10- Think of it as Dance Dance Revolution with swords and mind games.Campaign 7/10- Bad story, basically just antagonist wants to make every faction angry and fight each other so they do, the actual gameplay in the campaign is good though, I personally enjoyed it, boss fights and all. It is a short campaign so don't expect to play this game for the campaign. You can also play Co-Op Campaign, same story, just two of you now. Offers a unique experience which is always enjoyable.Network/Connection 2/10- The game runs of P2P (Peer to Peer connection) meaning that it is good for fighting games as it has less latency than a dedicated server but this means that you rely on your peers and the shoddy servers to host games, this means that games can just be stopped, matchmaking can be incredibly slow and all sorts of shenanigans, this is what really lets the game down, the lack of dedicated servers because the advantages of P2P really don't out weigh the disadvantages at all.Balancing/Tweaking 6/10- Unless you learn to play a single hero really well and then learn how to counter other heroes it is quite hard to use a lot of the slower characters, the ""Assassin"" class are usually really fast and reward the player through dodging/parrying/deflecting more than it does the slower characters. Balancing generally hasn't been handled well up until now and I am writing this review almost a month into the games life, you have characters like Lawbringer, a slower ""counter-attacker"", it is incredibly hard to play him if the person you VS is fast, which considering how the communit is it is common for someone to chose a fast character, his job of counter-attacking is really bad because of his low damage numbers etc, The devs currently 1 whole month into the game haven't bothered tweaking him but they do appear to tweak others. The balancing/tweaking is a mixed bag, it is good but also bad at the same time. It is terribly inbalanced when it comes to 4v4s as well, there is a system revolving around ""gear"", basically the higher gear number you have the better at doing certain things your character is, the reason why this is broken though is because they thought it would be a great idea to lock high level gear behind a high-level cap whilst allowing max gear ranks (so 108 gear rank) to verse Level 1s with a gear rank of 0.Overall 8/10- Keep in mind this is well above average, a 5 would be a it is ok score. Whilst I do think the game is a great game I feel like the connection issues can really let it down sometimes, I got into the game not even knowing there was a campaign so that didn't really bother me as I knew it would've been a multiplayer focused game although I was pleasently surprised when I played it because it did have some cool moments, other than the network issues the only other issue seems to be some of the tweaks the devs do, I feel as though despite them being the same devs as R6:S they don't seem to listen to the community as much. As I said before, it is a great game with lots of great mechanics and some bad ones.That was my overly long review, sorry I had to put you through that, would just like to express my thoughts on the game because I love the game so much but the connection issues just seem to let it down so, so much."
,Not Recommended,304390,30183438,Posted: 25 February,all,TheDankMemeRises,What a waste of 60 bucks.
,Recommended,304390,30965289,Posted: 5 April,all,Cveta01,I love this game <3
,Recommended,304390,30965978,Posted: 5 April,all,Squeezi_e,Nice gameAfter some time playing you will know how to kill oriochi and warlord.Tutorial videos are exelent!
,Recommended,304390,35030295,Posted: 17 September,all,HankyPanksassin,"When I first grabbed this game at launch I was amazed by the combat system that had enoguh depth and a sharp enough skill curve to encourage a lot of play. This game perfectly captures the hack and slash nature of games like Chivalry, and combining it with more classical fighters,like Mortal Kombat. I recommend this game all the time.Its downfalls are typical of Ubisoft titles with tons of micro transactions and a typical bad launch that did not meet community expectations. This is slowly learning and working on many complaints,for exaample; they are adding dedicated server to the title sometime during season 3.If you aren't buying today, keep you eye on the title."
,Recommended,304390,35031677,Posted: 17 September,all,Bebbs_,"Right off the bat, for honor is like an untrained puppy. it's fun to play with and has lots of potential but since it's so young and has a lot of problems everyone just throws it into the trash :) nah but to me for honor is an extremely fun game with a solid fighting system and impressive graphics. however yes i do recomend this game to you i don't recomend buying it for £50 that is no where near a fair price for this game more like £20 is a good price for this game. the campaign is fun and has some pretty cool bosses but overall is quite small and average. of course there's the complaint of ""no dedicated servers"" which yes is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but they are bringing dedicated servers soon (i don't know when i only saw that one BouseFeenux vid where he said so. of course aside from the multiplayer connections issues the online is really fun. the combat is fun teaming up is fun and een ledging people is fun if your the one doing it :) so yes i really hope you guys give for honor a chance as despite the ""toxic"" community the devs host a warriors den stream once a week where they showcase some content made by the community on for honor and talk about upcoming changes etc. so it's not exactly a dead game and the devs have no intention of it becoming just that. so to sum up what i saidThe multiplayer's funthe singleplayer is a nice distraction with some cool missionsall of the current problems are going to be ironed out just give the devs time to do soand the loot you get is really badass espically the higher you climb in rank"
76561198050472116,Recommended,304390,34909302,Posted: 12 September,all,Rene,Awesome game. I like that Ubisoft tryed out something new.
76561198348362160,Not Recommended,304390,30197389,Posted: 26 February,all,sirkillalot010,online not workingDc all the time
76561198308865388,Recommended,304390,33697392,Posted: 21 July,all,Turisimu,Best Game of its Kind and you dont need to have skill because you can learn from your enemys and become better
,Not Recommended,304390,34961651,Posted: 14 September,all,BananaBoy333,Please just balance the game.
76561198048933300,Not Recommended,304390,34691411,Posted: 2 September,all,Vinci,"like Ubi, like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198080840945,Recommended,304390,29986580,Posted: 17 February,all,X1V4-Ronin,Best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,304390,29986881,Posted: 17 February,all,Andoh,"I'm not sure why this game is getting negative reviews. Game play is refreshing, well honed (which is rare at launch). Tons of fun with friends. Negatives: clunky ui, buggy as in expect the game to occasionally crash or drop you from a session, expect it to get hammered out over time."
76561198038784630,Recommended,304390,29930377,Posted: 14 February,all,elektrik,"I'll update IF it gets better, broken match making, no dedicated servers, always online, broken classes which I hope will get fixed, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign, controller layout sucks, you can win without microtransactions but expect it to be brutal. If you want a similar game that works go play tiger knight at least it really is free."
,Recommended,304390,35026742,Posted: 17 September,all,The cutest kittycat,"A lot of fun whit friends and if u have patcience, if u dont have either u will get angry and die to chesse over and over until u quit and comlain on the forum"
,Recommended,304390,35009031,Posted: 16 September,all,✪Rammy,it is really hard to get good at this game but if you try hard enough you can get gud and dodge centurions stuff plus i hope the defence meta helps fix some more of the games probmlems
,Not Recommended,304390,29953789,Posted: 15 February,all,Matic [T],"o well, it's ubisoft, i loved the concept back the day"
,Not Recommended,304390,32033073,Posted: 28 May,all,foxybat,i never got a match waiting for 30 min and only matching ....
,Not Recommended,304390,32034423,Posted: 28 May,all,fizzyo,"This game is pay to win garbage that you would only expect to be present in a free to play game. However, they expect you to buy countless microtransactions or wait an eternity to get what you want ON TOP OF a 60$ price tag and 40$ season pass. Absolute trash made by Ubisoft (no surprise there)."
,Not Recommended,304390,31854686,Posted: 20 May,all,Detective Delicious,"I love the gameplay, it's quick-paced, very reactive, and gives chance to a lot of coming back from near death situations. Unfortunatly the current player base is small and unwelcoming as far as skill level goes, so comebacks aren't likely, and the only reactions new players will have are ""How'd the hell did they do that?""I gave the game a chance at launch even though I'm not big into fighting games, and at first I really enjoyed myself. The campaign is fun and teaches you a few of the characters. This all goes to waste unfortunately as the multiplayer aspect is quite flawed. Connections were quickly discovered to be unreliable at best. My group of friends always had someone that could not join the others group but could accept an invite to another persons, so a good 15 minutes was spent finding who could host the most people and who had to sit out because a group of more than three was often too much for the networking to handle. While the ""fix"" had been made recently, it became less frequent, but still often enough to be incredibly annoying.Next is matchmaking. The argorithim, I am convinced, was ripped apart and restitched by the spindly, crusted fingers of satan himself. Back when nearly everyone was new there were few complaints, but now, I hope you are either a masochist newbie or sadistic veteran, because that is the only match up. Games are always over before they start, leaving a strong sense of dissatifaction unless you fit into the previously mentioned catagories. My group of friends defaulted to playing private matches with as many people as we could get in a party in order to improve through practice, but when two of six players drop every match and the party has to re-invite every change of the map or mode, it's a bit hard to stick with it. Playing in a private match also gives no rewards in steel or in the territory control meta-game, so the group burnt out in almost no time.Right now, I highly recomment you do not buy this game. I will still probably check in occasionally and see if the state of the game is better, because the private matches of similarly skilled players are a good time and the rare close matchup in online is amazing. But for now, don't waste the time or money."
,Recommended,304390,30091474,Posted: 21 February,all,Pablo Meier,"For Honor is not your average fighting game and I want to share my humble opionion on it.The Pros:+ Fresh new defence system with stances and multiple ways to defemd yourself (blocking, parrying, deflecting, dodging)+ various combos and setups to mow down your enemies and various effects like unblockables, hyper armor, etc.+ There is a class for every playstyle and visual preference. Whatever it may be you prefer, you have big slow heavy hitters, multiple attempts to assassin classes, long range pokers and your trusty shieldbros. Every with its unique feeling+ beautiful graphics and visual effects, running smoothly even on my gtx 660tiCons:- Peer2Peer connection may lead to major issues with ping and connection- uninspired map design in dominion strengthens the feeling of playing the same map again and again with just another skin, not a real con for real moba fans though- on some maps in 1vs1 and 2vs2 you are forced to play on very small bridge maps or tiny areas. Most of the community works around this by letting each other take position in an other part of the map but some people dont and on some maps you simply can't find a good place for a fair fight. This leads to major disadvantages for classes in need of some free space to fight- on very high levels of play parries are way to good leaving you in place where people are just circling each other afraid of attackingNeutral:- the environmental often leads to dissatisfaction if you just want to hack onto each other- a few balancing issues connected to the classes but in a new game this is to be expected- uplay is not perfect but it gets the job done way better than similiar third-party software (*insert origin rant here*)TLDRThis game triggers you, you will hate it but you will keep playing. Break a controller or two and slowly become addicted deus vulting your way to Jerusalem"
,Not Recommended,304390,30071534,Posted: 20 February,all,geschaftsreise,"I am unable to play this game to it's fullest because of the NAT connectivity issues.If you are behind a router that you do not control, or you're not familiar with how to deal with uPnP, port forwarding, or DMZ issues then do not buy this game."
76561198260156239,Not Recommended,304390,30075977,Posted: 21 February,all,thekoopatroopa001,Game is fun until you play online. Server support is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Have fun never being able to block let alone pary if your not the host.
,Not Recommended,304390,30317603,Posted: 4 March,all,Zealox,"Pros:Excellent, complex gameplayAll future DLC maps and characters are free, just like R6S (2 new classes and 2 new maps per season if I remember correctly)Good customizationGood amount of modesBalance is pretty goodHigh skill ceilingCons:P2P connection / No dedicated serversGame is unplayable due to P2P and netcode issuesHit detection is awful because of P2PGames outright ending is extremely common due to host leaving or other netcode issuesNeutral:Max level gear in 4v4 modes can be a little unbalanced. You can still beat them with skill, but it's certainly a bit tougher. I have been able to rek a player with gear level 105 vs my gear level <20 for example.You can buy steel with real money, but it's not hard to obtain in game.Conclusion:The excellent combat in this game is absolutely ruined by the poor netcode and lack of dedicated servers. That's not to say that every game will be unplayable, but it is definitely more than it should be. Ubisoft has made another imbecilic decision by making a fighting game that uses P2P connection. It's still a fun game, but beware that you may experience issues from time to time. I still enjoy the game immensely when it works, but it is hard to do so when I experience ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths from sword strokes passing through a block or parry due to latency issues.TLDR:It's an amazing game that I really want to recommend, but it's difficult to do so with intermittent latency issues. Amazing fun when it works.Rating with P2P: 6/10.Rating if they ever get rid of P2P:9/10, maybe even 10/10 with future DLC.Ubisoft, listen to us! Get rid of that♥♥♥♥♥♥Update: This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke now. I literally spend an hour out of each play session where the host leaves every match, and I have not been able to play a single match in an hour. ♥♥♥♥ing joke, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT SUPPORT UBISOFT'S ♥♥♥♥TARD PRACTICES!"
76561198008254942,Not Recommended,304390,30075995,Posted: 21 February,all,Orokin Drystann,"So far i've managed to reach reputation 4 and sunk a fair few hours into the game. Whilst enjoyable I would honestly give it a miss so far untill future patches.- gaurdbreak spam = in the most logcial sense the game is whoever gets the gaurdbreak wins.- ledge spam = ensure you have map awareness or instant death.- minor imbalance = some hero's do counter others reletively hard or have combo attacks that are near impossible to break out of. or too fast for slower heros to counter effeciently.-poor network connection and matchmaking- aka low-levels placed against rep 4 and aboue teams normally leading to a stomp.the game is one of thouse easy to learn, hard to master games, and can be highly enjoyable. The single-player is entertaining but mostly a long tutorial for multiplayer. It's hard to see the game thriving in it's current state without more balance patches and perhaps dedicated servers, whilst i'll play more It's reaching the point where it may become more frustrating than enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,304390,30076552,Posted: 21 February,all,gRape,Servers are absolutely horrible
76561198058919791,Not Recommended,304390,30316616,Posted: 4 March,all,rooncood,Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ that doesnt work  most of the time or drops you from the game if somehow you are able to join one. Do not buy until ubishit resign from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ p2p idea.
76561198144525612,Not Recommended,304390,30317739,Posted: 4 March,all,TAW|Seb,"Its very fun game when u not desync or lose conection to servers or get kicked by easyanticheat.So for now still needs many updates and real ones , not bufs and nerfs for heroes!And is so ♥♥♥♥ing unbalanced now!My advice is that u shouldn't buy this game if ony its 0,01"
76561198180656663,Not Recommended,304390,30634537,Posted: 20 March,all,435642661,"The server is too bad.Without any improvement, they seem to regard the player's Tsukkomi as praise, I have not been to the game for a week, very regret bought the game, do not want to let more people down."
76561198152275667,Not Recommended,304390,30812206,Posted: 29 March,all,Ace,"I quitted this game 3 weeks ago,after playing it for a long time.All you hear about it is true :- Garbage MM- Bad Balance- Microtransactions- Bad updates- Slow and unresposive dev teamStay away from this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and ubisoft all together."
76561198354102174,Not Recommended,304390,30317917,Posted: 4 March,all,Otto von Bismark,Dont buy this game right now the lag is real right now it began good and i loved it but now i cant finish one battle without a connection error
76561198012105311,Not Recommended,304390,33795109,Posted: 25 July,all,Savaran,this is the most craching game I have ever seen. It is simply outrageous how they can call this a finished game and sell it to customers.
,Recommended,304390,30178984,Posted: 25 February,all,LongChopStickz,"The combat system is the best I've ever seen and played; it is very in depth and easy to get into, but is very difficult to master. It has 12 different classes with their own unique strenghts, weaknesses and abilities allowing for a variety of different playstyles. The customization is pretty decent though most  of the armor I unlocked looks the exact same as the ones I already have. I'm loving this game so far, but, some of the problems I can see right now is that the servers are just downright awful at times(dcing in middle of matches) as well as a pretty linear campaign with nothing memorable in it. The campaign is basically an extended tutorial introducing you to the game. Multiplayer is where the meat is. Though i wouldn't say the amount of content in this game justifies 60$, the combat will probably have you playing for a very long time."
76561198123171404,Not Recommended,304390,30395601,Posted: 8 March,all,ITMechanic,fix  connection of internet for honor and  then exchange my review
,Not Recommended,304390,30951984,Posted: 4 April,all,RED,"This is like buying a new car that brakes randomly, without any signs of mailfunction, even if you service it everyday after every trip, you are just driving and waiting at what point it will break, and you pray you make it safe before it does.Games like that are almost a fraud. I am paying for a full product which has to include multiplayer - but it doesnt, multiplayer is unbalanced, not to mention it is just in broken state. It is NOT WORKING.I wonder why we cannot return games like that? This should be considered a fraud sale.2 hours to retunr game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, all my hours in game are from single player which was fun, but it is basically practice for the multiplayer. WE NEED AN OPTION TO RETURN SH*T GAMES LIKE THAT WITHOUT HOURS RESTRICTION. IT IS NOT FAIR. DEVELOPER MAKES YOU PLAY MORE THAN 2 HOURS SO THEY CAN GET YOUR MONEY AND THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT GAME AFTERWARDS. THEY HAVE YOUR MONEY - YOU DONT LIKE THAT GAME SINT WORKING? WELL TOO BAD WE GOT YOUR MONEY HONEY, SO AL LYOU CAN DO IS BE MAD.PLEASE GABE LET US RETURN THIS GARBAGE!IN THE NAME OF GAMING, UBISOFT NEEDS TO BE SUED."
76561198096399393,Not Recommended,304390,30603135,Posted: 18 March,all,andresorozco403,"almost un playable at this point with the connection issues, real shame i still bash my head trying to get into a match that wont crash lmao, but im done its to late too return to steam but enough to where ill let the game die off"
76561198089204285,Not Recommended,304390,35313264,Posted: 29 September,all,Lovin13,"I bought the game as it came out, and while I wanted to enjoy it I was extremely frustrated by the bad game decisions and particularly the connection problems. So I stopped playing the game, hoping the these issues would be fixed as the game matured. A couple of days ago I decided to give it another try. There are more characters to play with, some of which are really fun, but the issues of the game have not been resolved in the slightest. Paritulcaly the connection issues are still there. Furthermore, the matchmaking appers as broken as ever, looking as if it completely disregards level differences. It's a shame, the combat system is still amazing and the graphics is impressive, but ultimately, it is a failed game and overall not an enjoyable experience. Save your money for a game that deserves it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30706693,Posted: 24 March,all,♥Arokhantos™♥,Not worth full price.
76561198046247355,Not Recommended,304390,29923555,Posted: 14 February,all,[RIP] Mephisto,Some people ( Ubisoft) just wanna watch the game burn.
76561198062542437,Recommended,304390,31702611,Posted: 12 May,all,PierceXD,"This game is still in process. Yes, there are a few flaws such as the almost constant Ubisoft server crashes, but those have been dwindling as the patch notes have been coming. The game I feel is balanced as of the moment, but I don't quite know the fuss over the gear. To obtain the highest tier of gear you need to meet the requirements of rep. 3 and have enough steel to further buy prestige packages and upgrade the gear you want. People joining the game need to play it and get good before they can complain about it being ""unbalanced"". It's the point of the game to work up your rep. scale and obtain better gear stats."
76561198064892315,Recommended,304390,32556071,Posted: 18 June,all,LarsLoop,This is my pick for game of 2017 its an amazing conpet with astonishing visuals and animations. The combat feels great and fun. The game does have big flaws that will only heal with time. The balancing is pretty bad with characters being overpowered and glitches that give an unfair advantage in fights. Also people get disconnected a lot but it only happens to me every 20 games or so. Once you get over those flaws you can see the game in its purest form and it is magnificent.
76561198144202032,Recommended,304390,35320801,Posted: 29 September,all,Duyster,"Fun game, things that need imporment is connection, maybe more maps and characters fasters, more steel easier, found a glitch where I see female hair in the exercution of warden when using a male character"
,Recommended,304390,32556421,Posted: 18 June,all,Aarstre,"Honestly, this game is fantastic. Its a refreshing take on fighting games, is very skill based (seriously 95% of what people complain about is fixable by practice and time, but more on that in a second), has lots of variety in playstyles, lots of replayability, actually a really decent story mode, and is tons of fun to play with friends.What is killing the game is the community. Lots of people dont give it the time it needs or are just negative people. I hate the community that is dragging this game down, because i genuinely enjoy the game.Is it perfect? Heck no. Is it completely balanced? Questionably (due to skill/no skill). But most importantly is it fun? Yes, yes and more yes. Stay away from skirmish unless youre with friends and are good at your character, and youll go far. I hope this game is brought back to life, and i hope the community grows up."
76561198082467376,Recommended,304390,31827335,Posted: 18 May,all,Smol Birb,"Highly recommend, especially after the update, still needs work but theres nothing else like it."
76561198398726928,Recommended,304390,34424274,Posted: 22 August,all,PersianGuy,It was reayly realy fun it was quit sometime from when iRelly enjoyed playing a game (i am't good in english)
,Recommended,304390,34785141,Posted: 6 September,all,turtelboy123,"I have overall enjoyed For Honor, though it has many flaws. Most notibly, it's connectivity. The game also suffers from massive inbalance at times and doesn't always stick the right nerfs/buffs on the right characters. But overall, this is a game for competitive players. Very unique, it has an in depth yet simplistic combat system that relies on reaction, tricks and executed correct moves at right times. Though, at times it does feel like it doesn't always work, such as blocking with an Assassin class doesn't always seem like it will actually block. Another thing, this game has a small but very definitive character pool. No character just feels like another character just better or worse. They all have their own combos, uniqueness and flaws. Overall, this is a good and fun game to play with friends if you can push through the connectivity and how some characters are just simply a better pick than others. I have spent three hundred and fifty hours playing this game, and this is my review for it. (Dedicated servers are on the way eventually)"
,Recommended,304390,35267093,Posted: 28 September,all,we4xy,"Good job, ubi))"
,Recommended,304390,29995647,Posted: 17 February,all,Don,"This game is incredibly fun, it's like a mix between an action and a fighting game. Imagine Mount and blade's directional combat, that is the main thing. Then add the possibility to dodge/deflect/parry like in Dark Souls, to put an example. And finally imagine having 12 heroes to choose from, each one with completely different gimmicks, gameplay mechanics, different strengths and flaws, and different movesets and combos.There seem to be connectivity problems for some people since the game is peer2peer and it has no dedicated servers. I have not been disconnected yet in 13 hours of playing.The biggest negative for me are microtransactions. Considering the game costs 60 bucks, adding microtransactions on top feels a bit like robbery honestly. You can still earn the in-game currency by playing the game though, by completing daily and weekly objectives and winning matches."
76561198134676824,Not Recommended,304390,33798452,Posted: 25 July,all,Blade McQuaid,The game is bland especially for the price they have it at. Lower the price and maybe.
,Recommended,304390,29974629,Posted: 16 February,all,Brotolemaeus,"Frustration Simulator, in a masochistic way."
,Recommended,304390,29974665,Posted: 16 February,all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),It's meh. It's not the best and its not the worst its just meh to me.Fun at some moments meh on others
76561198044096518,Not Recommended,304390,31691603,Posted: 11 May,all,Mr. Thumpster,"So I don't know what the hell happened with this game, for some reason it only wants to start in steam big picture mode AND thinks that I am using a steam controller when I am using my 360 controller. So if by some miracle I CAN get my control to work in game, I cannot use the right trigger to perform heavy attacks. If it doesn't launch with steam big picture, I cannot use my gamepad at all. And as many people know, this game blows with the keyboard and mouse. For that main reason is why I cannot play this game anymore. I shouldn't have to buy a brand new steam controller when my 360 one works with all other games. I also do NOT have shadowplay or GeForce experience installed so no idea what is going on. Keep in mind that this started about 2 days ago."
76561198023817774,Not Recommended,304390,33465118,Posted: 11 July,all,SneakyToddler,my second return on steam....the first was no man's sky...both returned because of the 59.99$ price tag not worth it
76561198156703720,Recommended,304390,30006949,Posted: 18 February,all,ilayhatol2,this game is so good and fun. but i palyed story mod and 3 times i had to start over cuz my internet dropped for a sec...
76561198101171076,Not Recommended,304390,34347636,Posted: 19 August,all,tot18,*not worth the money perhaps at 20-30 euro but no more*campaign is ok but I havent felt like completing it( I only completed knight and viking and viking campaign)*very few people playing 1v1 and 2v2 which are the gamemodes I usually prefer while everybody plays domination(5v5 3 flags to hold)*it feels like this game is loosing popularity by the second and in a year or two there might not be many people play at all*combat is too dull for a game like this. I'm going to have to explain. when you want to attack/defend you have 3 stances and 2 attacks: light and heavy to use with barely any diference in animationi hope this review was of any help to you
76561198066491319,Not Recommended,304390,30294747,Posted: 3 March,all,M4rsh4ll1,"New Review.... So, i've been TRYING to play this game for over 100 hours now but sadly im giving it a thumbs down at the moment heres why.Pros:Great gameplayGraphics are pretty awesomefun single player modeloads of characters that you can edit etcHowever.Cons:The servers are still terrible crashing constantly for me and lagging.The waiting time to get into a match is far to long.My main issue now is i cant even play an elimiation match, duel etc, due to it crashing after one round, sometimes i can make it through a whole game buts thats rare now, i can get half way through and it'll just crash after a round, even worse when your doing a daily challenge and it crashes right at the end so it doesnt count, so you could spend 10 mins in a game for it to be wasted.once these crashing issues are sorted ill give it a thumbs up, but right now, im getting annoyed as you cant even get a refund, its basically worse than what the BETA was, SORT IT OUT UBISOFT!!!Edit: My problem still hasnt been sorted.... ive probably only spent 50 hours game play where as the other 50 has been in a crashing state.... all my other games work fine online, its litreally just thiss"
76561198052410534,Not Recommended,304390,35440147,Posted: 3 October,all,silentmarket,"For Honor, a fine example of what a good♥♥♥♥♥♥should be. But still, it's a big ♥♥♥♥ing lying piece of Ubi-hypster garbage.I'll list some of the common Ubisoft's divine features:1.Nothing showed in For Honor trailers is the actual gameplay.  The actual gameplay is an eye staring competition for some little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ red indicators. Too bad I'm so good at it in a fashion to become a Raider just kills Peacekeeper despite the fact that Ubisoft developers are mind ♥♥♥♥ers. They ♥♥♥♥ people's mind by just 3 indicators.2.Releasing the game first then fix it later or maybe never. Disconnections, lags, etc. What should I say more? It's just common Ubisoft problem.3.Developers think they are creative? ♥♥♥♥ NO, Ubisoft has the lowest standard in the game industry. When a game company's standard is so low they can think whatever they want. For Honor is not OK with script fight. But when people are money-hungry and want you more than just 60 bucks, they added a grinding system to hook you up in this game. Gear status ended up changing script fight's mechanism. And you ♥♥♥♥ers think that's creative? GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF."
76561198007946946,Recommended,304390,30263432,Posted: 1 March,all,Urethral Harpoon,"Good game, great combat, stellar graphics and sound.Debated purchasing it after reading so many negative reviews on Steam, but after buying found them to be unfounded.  Have had no connectivity problems, or game errors, and it runs smooth maxed out on 3k.I can't knock them for the Ubi online only play either.  That's a legitimate result of an overwhelming amount of piracy, and honestly I can't see how it impacts gameplay in any way other than entering your email address during install."
76561198006715661,Not Recommended,304390,29996704,Posted: 17 February,all,Cromium,"it's a great game, but its nowhere near worth 60 euros, i, and allot of others just enjoy the dualing, All other modes are kinda meh, i like to look at this as a fighting game like street fighter, but focused on using a controller, sadly, that doesnt justify the price. Again this is a fun game, But it doesnt offer enough of interesting things to keep me going, i saw most of the game during the betas and it hasent changed much.Only get this game if u REALY into it, cuz its pricey for what it offers"
,Not Recommended,304390,31446344,Posted: 29 April,all,Go0se,No Man's Honor....
76561198026991765,Not Recommended,304390,31447762,Posted: 29 April,all,Magnus,Constantly loses connection and pauses matches and people getting kicked atleast once per match. Its this bad so long after launch? Pathetic. That being said the gameplay is extremely fun and addicting.
,Recommended,304390,29939107,Posted: 15 February,all,NoobieBoobie,"Dodge attack, push enemy, carry enemy to the ledge, throw off the ledge till he falls to his death.10/10 a tactical game"
,Recommended,304390,30858316,Posted: 31 March,all,*=SAS=* ChillNtheMost,"I would recommend this game because thats the only way its going to really stick with some people is if they actually get to play it alittle. For instance my roommate was no where near interested or looking at For Honor to purchase. Although I had some spending money this time around to take a chance with I went for For Honor instead of Wildlands because I played wildlands beta and was not impressed with it. After purchasing and downloading, installation was only minutes away and I was playing For Honor with my non steam controller. I played for about 6 hours that night and the next day verbally explained the game to roommate and ""it sounds cool"", so then after a 4v4AI skirmish i called him into my room to check it out in real time and test drive. He looked through some fighters before settling with a Samurai that must have been familiar to him in some way. He then proceeded to play until about level 4, put my controller down and went on his steam to purchase as he was hooked just like that.Attention MARKETING I highly suggest having a premade characters or a version that can be allowed by new players or tryouts for a temporary weekened warrior event to allow those still on the fence to actually play it so they can get off the fence and actually get the game. No on listens to anyone anymore read the reveiews people are ridiculouse with what they consider as their review which sounds more like their complaint of how badly they suck at the game and not wanting to learn way to improve.The game is a bit bland if you are looking for objectives to level your fighters, you get a couple a day and a handfulish of misc objectives. A part of me tells me there is a bunch of PvP objectives so the game deliberately is pushing you towards PvP. I do not mind a lack of outside content in the beginning because i want there to be near perfection on what you already have bitten off. DO NOT be like most game companies and add and add and add and never fix anything from the first release. This will drive off your good player base. So if you are looking for boatloads of questing and missions to complete look elsewhere. Seems that after leveling up the only thing left is Reputation leveling up. I imagine that to take some time as there are 20 regular levels to get through to advance to each rep rank. The combat itself isnt bad at all its the person behind the controller, whether you failed to parry or block or you just timed the swing wrong its all you bro, stop flaming and blaming. While there may be a few buggy things I noticed (like the super high speed break dancing ragdoll effect) after you have slammed your weapon into their body while on the ground they bounce like a basketball and the ragdoll goes all nuts. Im sure some players have laughed at this while taking note of it. Not that its causing a problem because honestly its a bug that makes us laugh rather than being annoying unlike the ""RECOVERING GAME SESSION"" errors I constantly get in PvP while in mid swing.(MORE ON THIS LATER).The I Do's;I do want waaaayyy more Honor in this game too many people are using the systems in the game to be abusive.I do want less team killing (you can aim swings btw, jus sayin)I do want more content/objectives/gear ectI do want more customization of my fightersI do want them to look differently as they can from everyone elseI do want the Matchmaking to continue to improve(right now its decent jimmy)I do want less chance of playing one of my non rep toon and have all 5+rep Gold gear reppers ruine my game(this is an atrocity)I do want to be able to use the Store in game to buy STEEL as its suppose to work right?...thats why you put it in there right?I do want to know why the Group Inviting fails until you switch around who does the inviting sometimes worksI do like that they have training sessions and practice sessions and videos that can be used to get good.I do support and continue to suppose to developemet of this game and I DO recommend this game to EVERYONE that is allowed to play it.We definately need to get a hold on the networking issues players are having in PvP as some players have the worst kind of internet or there are those out there that  manipulate their internet connection in order to give themself the unfair advantage. This has been seen in many instances of online PvP matches where I am about to destroy someone, higher ranked usually and the game stops all of a sudden ""reacquiring game assets"" or some crap, then comes back and what just took place ""didnt"" or the flow of things is stopped thus throwing you off and the other player has almost every time come back on me and beat my♥♥♥♥♥back. To me, and the amount of times its been happening is not 1 2 or 3 its 50+ times and only seen it in PvP these kids or whatver they are get soo mad you are beating their power leveled, pay to win, rep 6 108 gold gear fighter that they are going as far as trying to cause lag spikes or freeze ups so they can gain advantages otherwise would never have even factored in had it never occured and their lifeless fighters headless body would still be rotting on the battlefield. So i am doing NO PvP content and not putting any more money into this game until its solved, No online gaming company should ever allow players this advantage by making the fairness and connection based of some sorry♥♥♥♥♥food stamps internet. Think about it like a gamer ""Why am I paying $$ for my internet why did I pay $$ for this game and or buying all your in game currency to level up and get better gear so I can be good because I like your game but to only be faced with people that ruin the experience by making these unfair advantages exist hell its so bad you can even 3v1 these kids because they lag you then it resets they hit revenge and kill all 3 of you. Thats not skill and dont comment below with crap about he maybe was just good, because I just said he lagged the game  it reset then the 3 died not ""he just came back to win in epic fashion"".Do not allow verbally abusive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (prob the same ones lag spiking when you beat their♥♥♥♥♥that are rep whatever+ 108gold in a game with all non rep people talking crap about how bad they are at the game and to quit and then reviving teammates but only letting the revive indicator fill up a portion and then stop, and this continues on a daily basis ruining gaming experiences for many users. If i was the game I would reset these little kids back to 0 and let them climb back through all those levels again, Oh that would be the best.. I mean come on For Honor community, are you people really this bad to forget that when you bought the game you were rank 1 like the rest of us. Its funny how these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags in this American Idol generation think they came out of their momma with pwnage skills and they all think they are good at everything 'cause momma says i am, until you truely beat them with a lower level toon using fundamentals which sets them into a rage about how broke this game is and i was glitching my ""shows"" but hitting different spot instead and im a hacker lol wtf are these kids talking about.........for real go outside get some fresh air and sun."
,Recommended,304390,32850840,Posted: 27 June,all,EndGame,"game is cool,♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking seems like it been complained about for a while....... BUT THAT'S UBISHIT. should of known they're would of been something wrong with it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30013796,Posted: 18 February,all,🎃 HatlessSpook 🎃,"The Pro's- An inovative and creative fighting system that is easy to pic up- Amazing visuals- Decent voice acting (Better than whatever the ♥♥♥♥ Overwatch's was, lol)- Great customisation- A decent story mode- A good chunk of content- A good game to play with some friendsThe Cons- Lazy devs- A ♥♥♥♥ing garbage playerbase- Turtling is rewarded- Broken characters- Gear stats- Feats, or, cheap gameplay in it's purest form- A thing called ''unlock tech'' which essentially makes any move unparryable (This isn't even a strat, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing bug)Final verdict; don't buy it unless you're up to the task, it is indeed fun and creative, but online multiplayer is absolute cancer unless you have a premade team, So NO, until the devs do something MORE than just this, i do NOT recommend it."
76561198066541686,Not Recommended,304390,31636346,Posted: 8 May,all,Duck,"First of all, This Game has some awesome things about it, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things about it (EDITED)Pros:-Innovative Gameplay-Beautiful Graphics-Medieval/Asgard/Samurai Setting-Amazing Outfits/Gear-Deus Vult (Ad mortem inimicus!)-For Valhalla!-Praise The Sun!Cons:-P2P-Unbalanced Matchmaking-Weeaboos-Shinobi Players (Yep that's right)-GankingHonestly, the game is fun, but people with the season pass have an unfair advantage over players who don't (I have the season pass, it isnt biased) because of the new classes, they'll also have a head start in gear, at this point, I do not recommend this game until they balance things out."
76561198057298104,Not Recommended,304390,30066104,Posted: 20 February,all,gingerbeard,"this game was good idea. i really wanted it to be a good game. if you can stand the cheap tactics employed within this game then your good. but one hit kos and thrown objects you cant block that also take more than half your hp away make this a less than enjoyable experience for those of us who wanted a skill based experience. to many abused cheap non preventable damage. also like  everyone else, multiplayer is garbage."
76561197990746396,Not Recommended,304390,30033759,Posted: 19 February,all,MirinUranus,"Super hyped about this game during the beta and loved it... Bought the actual game, refund plz... Beautiful game with amazing fighting animations etc etc but it saddens me that multiplayer is more or less unplayable..  Not able to finish a single game without getting some kind of disconnect or extreme lag.Unfortunately I can't recommend the game at this state. :("
76561197996602873,Recommended,304390,29973250,Posted: 16 February,all,Sir Höse du Foy,"For those who like fantasy graphics but deep combat/duel mechanics!!If you liked War of the Roses and Chivalry, you will love that!!"
76561198031723495,Not Recommended,304390,29995888,Posted: 17 February,all,Axil-Argentum,"This game is fun for about 5 hours of pvp thats it. The rest of my time on this game is the story mode and that is trash its 2 easy and bad plots and bad voice acting. when you get into the game you might like it at first but as you move up the mmr rating you get to a world of spaming guard breaks, rams, and the o so fun 2-4 v 1s this game is not worth getting even when you win you will still feel mad because of that one guy who just pushed you into a wall and ramed you untill you died. parrying is so easy to learn and use that if your not useing a fast char you will be pushed away giving them a free hit on you  and they will repeat this untill you die so the only thing to do then is try to guard break but this 2 is easy to counter and still gives them a free hit so just to be clear if you and your opponet both know how to parry and guard break you end up just looking at each other for 30 sec waiting for the other one to move its the worst kind of game play not playing and it happens alot. o and the game has 4 diff modes you can play but unless you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by 3-4 people each game dont bother playing any mode besides duel. but when you do play duel people just spam guard breaks or look at you if they know what there doing. this game is not worth getting i wish i could refund. so if you like cheap spamy gameplay or unfair 2,3,4 vs 1s then this is the game for you"
76561198121022350,Not Recommended,304390,29995686,Posted: 17 February,all,Brandon,"Not worth the time. Don't buy this game it only brings annoyance and inconvenience. Games servers barely run, lag out the♥♥♥♥♥and unbalanced equipment that makes 4v4 unplayable unless you're geared enough to 1v4"
76561198006507145,Recommended,304390,30989100,Posted: 6 April,all,B Shark,Probably the most fun I've had playing a game ever. I didn't think the genre would be for me at first but it has wormed its way into my heart for the foreseeable future.I don't have connection problems so I don't speak for everyone but I have had a very positive experience playing the game.10/10 would purchase again!
,Not Recommended,304390,30180965,Posted: 25 February,all,Cretino,10/10 would refund.
76561198059017197,Not Recommended,304390,30596119,Posted: 18 March,all,Berserker_C,"Incredible game, beautiful graphics, investable game play that really gets your blood pumping. Why thumbs down? Because Ubisoft has effectively cleared out most of its playerbase with the terrible decision for P2P servers (why....?), so now all that's left are super try-hard, no-lifes that will parry every single attack you through and punish you with unavoidable damage. There are like four ""Meta"" characters in the game out of 12, and if you don't play one of those you're going to have a miserable time. The gameplay now is completely toxic. Everyone just sits and waits for you to attack so they can parry you, and if you're fighting a peacekeeper and try to be passive as well, they have insane attack speed so they'll just kill you that way. Don't buy it until they fix the game. Such a shame, because this game was incredible."
76561198074196422,Recommended,304390,31441666,Posted: 29 April,all,VAPEGODKodak,Amazing.
76561198355232100,Not Recommended,304390,30038558,Posted: 19 February,all,jakesamillion,this game sucks it keeps crashing
76561198024516111,Not Recommended,304390,31147827,Posted: 14 April,all,Finna pop a meme,"P2P matcmaking for a fighting game in current year. People at ubisoft say that it has more pros than cons, the biggest pro being that its cheaper. This is the last game i will buy from Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,32212261,Posted: 5 June,all,Utterfail,"Unfortunately, I can't reccomend this game, even tough I really loved it previously. I really, sincerely, love the core mechanics of this game, but as the game has been patched, and now with the new DLC heroes, the game has become less and less balanced over time.  Characters that were slightly problematic were nerfed until they were no longer viable to play aside from a few gimmicks that you repeat over and over, the new DLC heroes are extremely overpowered, and in may cases circumvent the core mechanics of blocking/parrying.  4v4 modes are now usually gankfests with the handful of viable heroesforming the entirety of both teams.  I wouldn't buy in at this point unless something changes, and at this point I'm not confident that Ubisoft can change it for the better."
,Not Recommended,304390,31635586,Posted: 8 May,all,[TB]RoastBeefGigolo,"I used to like this game.I could get past the P2P matchmaking, the♥♥♥♥♥♥talking elitism, and my own aging reflexes enough to have a good time.  I even went so far as to pontificate to my friends about how they should give this game a shot, and now I'm truly glad they all chose to ignore me.The game was fine at launch, but since then there are just too many people who have played it to the exclusion of their own existence, figuring out how to make their class into a cheese factory of endless vortex combos.  They will turtle until you are full of enough existential dread to throw an attack and then... then it is all over my friend.  That's just the Duel mode.Dominion is what MOBA games would become in the fickle hands of an insane, idiot God.Elimination is a match where whatever team forces a 2v1 first will win.Skirmish is an abomonation that deserves to be purged.Brawl is only OK, and that's assuming you have a friend who still tolerates the game enough to play with you."
,Not Recommended,304390,33019661,Posted: 29 June,all,O W L M A N,its bad
76561198274884540,Not Recommended,304390,30248993,Posted: 28 February,all,Biggie Cheese,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever not worth the ♥♥♥♥ing time it takes to download let alone the money practically unbeatable characters almost pay-to-win and a cancerous player base the worst thing is the ♥♥♥♥ing peer to peer servers, 60% of the fights i've lost is because they can't be asked to have dedicated servers."
76561198287402961,Not Recommended,304390,32933158,Posted: 28 June,all,Maximum Wage,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥wasted my money
,Not Recommended,304390,33169979,Posted: 2 July,all,Tracer,uck fubisoft
76561198320601346,Recommended,304390,32176722,Posted: 4 June,all,Bear,"I love this game, but I keep crashing at the end of a dominion match, and I get really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.. The game takes a while to get good at, and the more practice, the better you'll get."
76561198147988406,Not Recommended,304390,33304020,Posted: 6 July,all,SirMcSucksalot,"This game was good at first. Innovative and fun.Then we found out it was 2P2, and got disconnected every five seconds.Then we found out that you had to purchase in-game items by grinding the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.Then we found out that some characters had broken and unfair abilities.Then we found out that after playing it for a while, that combat was lackluster and uninteresting.Then we found out that most of the people who had ever played the game made the wise decision to stop playing.Then we realised that this game was just some Ubisoft cash grab, where they would charge 60 bucks, and then leave the player-base to wallow in the shallow pit they made.Probs not a good idea to buy this game."
76561198112048588,Not Recommended,304390,30483932,Posted: 12 March,all,ImpulsiveSpoon,"Game is trash becuase of match making, pay to win, server connections, and overall salt and rage I've gotten from this game after a soild 100 hours. I'll give this game a month befor its half off unless Ubi gets there♥♥♥♥♥♥together real quick."
76561198008796782,Not Recommended,304390,30086562,Posted: 21 February,all,Shiketsu,"I expected more from the game and ubisoft. The game is fun, but there are to many annoying things that really could have been avoided. The biggest problem is the connection (yes the reviews are all true), it's just unfair that in some games your charakter recives his commands way to late to react. Next point is that some maps are so bad designed, that it is just a throw fiesta or buffs are on the spawn point and it's just a fight of who will get the buff first. Also the armor is very disappointing, when you get prestige 3 and get the purple armor it is just the same armor like before just with spikes, like really you guys didn't had any better ideas? Also the faction war is kind of pointless, only the last few days are important on who will win the round.So this was many negative things, BUT the game can be a fun and refreshing new game if the game would work properly. I would even change my review to ""recommend"" if it would work as it should. It's just the connection issues that bothers me the most and make you rage so much. Also there are no clear statements or responses from ubisoft to this problems. They are not talking to us players. Anyway I didn't bought any ubisoft games since assassins creed revelation and this will be my last one from them, because this is not acceptable."
76561198038551636,Recommended,304390,30169737,Posted: 25 February,all,Vegose,"Combat system is good, games very fun. Fix the connection issues and its golden"
,Not Recommended,304390,30231024,Posted: 27 February,all,道 Alubama,"Horribly matchmaking, Can never find players matching my skill heck apparently there is no one playing in my region, long queue times. After 7 hours i just gave up. Another money grab unfinishd product from ubisoft.+ the story was just a glorified tutorial with some bad voiced cutscenes."
76561198086535422,Recommended,304390,30010913,Posted: 18 February,all,Mendella Man,"Personally have had no problems with connectivity issues, I understand everyone might not be in the same boat but on my end I am enjoying the game a lot and haven't had nearly as many technical issues as everyone else."
76561198124210967,Not Recommended,304390,30113540,Posted: 22 February,all,Cup 'A' Goon,This is the most cancerist game in the world. Its full of spamming pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,304390,30261512,Posted: 1 March,all,Gralsritter V,I get to scream in latin and throw people off cliffs.
76561197993761955,Not Recommended,304390,30304504,Posted: 3 March,all,Papito,"This is a fantastic, beautiful, well balanced, fun and utterly and completly broken game. I guess some people have had better luck than i have, but for me the multi-player aspect, which is basically the entire point of the game, does not function at all. On top of that Steam is refusing refunds, so good luck playing it or getting your money back"
,Recommended,304390,30360435,Posted: 6 March,all,Akalabeth,"It's a wonderful game if you can get past the servers crashing, the army of weeaboos, and that one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the chat who says ""wow no honor then"" when you interrupt his 1v1. If the game launches, it's only because Ubisoft has smiled upon you and attempted to drag out even more from your wallet with DLC. Not worth the price, should've been free."
,Recommended,304390,30486096,Posted: 12 March,all,TyrannosaurusGolfBall,"Very fun game.It's not perfect though, but people tend to overreact about their grievances.It could definitely benefit from dedicated servers instead of their peer-to-peer network and an actual competitive mode or two would be great. These are my biggest complaints whereas some of my lesser complaints are that the dev's seem to be making some questionable balance changes.Overall it's an incredibly fun game with gameplay that is very rewarding. The class diversity is unreal (12 characters that all play completely different from each other). The microtransaction system seems offputting at first, but with only two and a half weeks of gameplay I have earned enough of the in game currency to purchase roughly 1 and a half of the most expensive cosmetic sets.There are plenty of quests to do for extra credits and you get a fair amount for completing the story mode too.One thing to note for new players. Yes, all the classes are ""locked"" when first start, but this only means that you cannot earn random drops of loot after fights with those classes. Fear not though, because completing the beginner and advanced tutorials grants enough credits to unlock 10 of the 12 classes. Then just complete three to five daily quests to get the rest.This is a good game with solid mechanics that's tarnished only by it devolper's choice to use peer-to-peer and is worth a shot. Don't buy into the salt from people who were mad about a single afternoon when the network crashed."
76561198055410860,Recommended,304390,30327313,Posted: 4 March,all,Dipsy,"Simply put, for honor is a rough diamond.Some games are polished pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥Other games are shining diamondsFor Honor is a diamond in need of polishing"
,Recommended,304390,32133159,Posted: 2 June,all,Wong,Nerf Centurion
,Not Recommended,304390,30093056,Posted: 21 February,all,iHax,"I rarely review games, but holy sh*t, what major developer, making a AAA $60 game thinks p2p is great?Constant disconnects, massive amounts of lag and teleporting, people appearing out of no where, hangs and entire game freezes where you have to force quit the game and restart it.Literally seems like Ubisoft wanted to save some money with deciding not to go the dedicated server route. Just trying to milk everyone dry."
76561198020610986,Recommended,304390,29930949,Posted: 14 February,all,Lord Drakaien,"I was hyped.I played the beta.Still hyped.Bought the game.Hyped.I ♥♥♥♥ing hated Ubi for their lack of quality. But since Rainbow Six Siege, I gave them my trust.I PREORDERED the game. First time I did.Fighting is simple yet with a high skill celling. You WILL fail. You WILL die. But its a part of the learing curve.I highly recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30932461,Posted: 3 April,all,PacotheFriendlyTaco,Great gameplay but Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed it up by being cheap. As usual. I'm sure they'll iron it out by like 2 years after release. If anyone is left.
,Recommended,304390,30741311,Posted: 25 March,all,Bi0-D,"Like dark souls, it can be punishingly hard.Your teammates died, you are getting crowded, but you manage to take them all on and then you snatch the win. The euphoric rush of victory fills you and reminds you why you play this game despite the raging times.Wonderfully addicting once you put the time into learning how to ""GiT GuD""; despite the numerous connection issues (which are improving slowly)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30094516,Posted: 21 February,all,TheGinge,"This game is aweful. It is inconsistent and matchmaking is still broken. Ubisoft is a trash publisher, who only cares about micro transactions and stealing your money. Uninstalled."
,Recommended,304390,30098773,Posted: 22 February,all,bicycle boy,I have gotten more errors than xp.
,Not Recommended,304390,31374720,Posted: 26 April,all,Jay™,I admit i enjoyed the 5 hours i got in huniepop more than 36 hours of thid game
76561198178505826,Not Recommended,304390,31384900,Posted: 26 April,all,Viperpox,"I love this game but the playerbase is going down faster than ubisoft can say ""hey gimme some more money"""
,Not Recommended,304390,30063479,Posted: 20 February,all,اَللّٰهُ أَكْبَر,An error has occurred. Returning you to the menu (♥♥♥♥ OFF WHERE ARE THE DEDICATED SERVERS IN MY £40 GAME WITH A £30 SEASON PASS AND MICROTRANSACTIONS?)
,Not Recommended,304390,30128592,Posted: 23 February,all,Look at my asshole,The Matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥The Balance is♥♥♥♥♥♥The Connection is♥♥♥♥♥♥For Honor is♥♥♥♥♥♥I've played 50 something hours and I've tried to give this game a shot. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
,Not Recommended,304390,30283117,Posted: 2 March,all,Pandaness ✿,"Feels good when you are trying to 1v1, but two warlords come at you spamming headbutt and you can't do anything about it. Feels good, man."
76561198253749933,Not Recommended,304390,30460874,Posted: 11 March,all,ColdAsIce,The server is complete garbage... legitmately have been through around 7 matches just today alone and the game either kicks me out of the match or it says syncronzing multiple times during the most crucial parts.The peer to peer network ubisoft uses is why im gonna not recommend the game to new users... only based on that.The game itself looks amazing but if you cant stay in a match long enough to woop some♥♥♥♥♥then the game isnt worth playing...UBISOFT FIX THE SERVERS AND STOP USEING PEER TO PEERThe game itself gets a 10/10the servers -10/10
,Not Recommended,304390,30471865,Posted: 12 March,all,Vapious,"This game is litterally the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ive played since COD: ghosts why did i spend $120 on this garbage, i should have refunded it when i got the chance. I thought i better give the game a second chance just incase it became good. but surley enough no dedicated servers and the worst balancing ive seen since the R8 releace. I highly do not reccomend this game and i will not be purchacing another game from ubisoft in a loooooooong time... or they bring out rayman 4, but seriously do not buy this game you really arnt missing out on anything. #♥♥♥♥TheLawbringer #♥♥♥♥Ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,304390,31374870,Posted: 26 April,all,Allegrofaith,i just want to get my money back
76561198177063075,Not Recommended,304390,30129778,Posted: 23 February,all,⟎ Vandeí ⟎,no
76561197999410610,Not Recommended,304390,30253816,Posted: 28 February,all,Xeno311,buy game play one game get oneshot by no life berserker uninstall
,Not Recommended,304390,30474283,Posted: 12 March,all,Bokeman,"The online service in this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ You will most definitely get a connection error at least once every time you play the game. That's enough reason alone to not buy the game.The community in this game is toxic. At the start of this game's lifetime there were some ""honorable"" players and people who just wanted to get kills with ledges. Now that ""honorable"" players have generally realized that the game they are trying to play is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the only players are trolls. You would think that at least less people playing the game would put less strain on the servers, but you would be wrong. The netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter how many players.There is no penalty for leaving matches before the end, which means people will just ragequit a quarter into a dominion game. You can pay money to get gear that is wildly overpowered for your character. You can have a gearset that can put your character in an almost unlimited revenge mode after just a few hits from someone else.The game also isn't exciting anymore. It seems everyone has decided to go for the more defense-based characters because of their throwing potential and the fact that you can just defend until you get revenge mode. After the first week people already figured out how to perfectly counter a blockbreak so defense orientated characters generally have the advantage.Powerups in the elimination gamemode are absolutely infuriating. They reward the person that runs away from a duel, which is ridiculous for a game that names itself after honor.Some of the maps are designed terribly, a few including drops all around main control points, which again rewards you for just throwing people off♥♥♥♥♥♥Bleeding damage is just a dumb mechanic (why would a blade on a spear make you bleed more than a blade on any other weapon??) and it is always attributed to the characters that are already OP without it (Nobushi, the character with the highest attack range, and Peacekeeper, the character with the fastest attacks.)Latency will occassionally retract a previous hit you've done or give you a free hit, due to peer to peer connection. This makes some of your wins or losses due to luck.You will regret buying this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30475602,Posted: 12 March,all,ButtCheese,"ubisoft/uplay is so greedy they reckt this game with p2p servers, when we need sharp servers with awesome repond. not servers that mess up your awesome combos with lagg/pack loss."
76561198133981442,Not Recommended,304390,29937470,Posted: 15 February,all,Sprinkle farter 22,Good game but I cant play! I keep getting bloody errors in dominion and most of my friends disconnect because of Errors and we have pc's that run this game really well. please fix this.
,Not Recommended,304390,30119787,Posted: 23 February,all,Fishy IA,"Ubisoft, please fix your MULTIPLAYER SYSTEM!REQUESTING REFUND!People, this game is very broken that you will hate it and you will lose your honor and sanity trying to play this game! I really thought that the multiplayer issues will be beta only problem. I was wrong!I will think twice to buy more Ubisoft games."
,Recommended,304390,30131092,Posted: 23 February,all,Asian Persuasion,"LACKS CONTENT!Price tag of £39.99 (or 60 dollars for you Americans) is too much for such little content.The combat is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant, I LOVE it, but controller players seem to have an advantage (according to most people I ask, since I have never met someone who used it, that I know of).The story is too short for me, I am someone who loves story, but this was meh...I would of liked a storyline about Apollyon, maybe get a DLC storyline? for free hopefully heh.PEER TO GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING PEER IS PAINFUL FOR ME AND MY FRIENDS!!!!!!I think this game isn't Pay 2 Win but there are major advantages to paying for Champion status (xp boosts and extra steel, steel is currency btw....)The customization is superb, gotta love it, of course you can pay to get more♥♥♥♥♥♥.. but it doesn't matter too much from what I have seen.Enviroment is cool but........sometimes it is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AS ♥♥♥♥, you can get slammed off the map and die so easily, especially against the vikings and BIGGER Characters.Getting thrown off when winning is just a pain, I DON'T WANT IT REMOVED but I do want it balanced a lot more, spikes are fine as far as I can tell.Characters are very balanced, if you can learn to hone some of the difficult ones, gg wp I surrender to your mlgness.I honestly don't regret Preorder, but thats because I have been following this for so long and hyped myself up 2 years ago...BUY ON A SALE!!!!!!!!!Buy on sale god damnit, not at full price rn...I do enjoy the game!But at this price and lack of content, not worth the price AT ALL!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30160371,Posted: 24 February,all,Rawrskyes,"Matchmaking is terrible. Would not recommend. You'll be forever waiting for matches, then everyone drops, just bad bad matchmaking."
,Recommended,304390,30001042,Posted: 17 February,all,Blitz,"be a great game if they didnt ruin multiplayer with p2p connections, takes forever to find a match because my nat type is strict no matter what i do to fix it and if i do some how manage to find a match it drops out by the third round."
76561198071032013,Not Recommended,304390,30985136,Posted: 6 April,all,oscarbuffalo,ugh
,Recommended,304390,30942649,Posted: 4 April,all,Otz's Manservant,"tl;dr: Great game, but a few details are lacking. I don't really get disconnected a lot, but I do sometimes. Don't really get it why people hating on the game as much though.Now in-depth:CombatFor Honor boasts a really good combat system, which, apart from a bit of cheese, works very well and is rather enjoyable. During a fight you have a very tasty mix of predicting enemy actions (rock-paper-scissors kind of system, but usually you get more than just one option to counter enemy) and having good reflexes during the fight. Combined with a very original approach to ""1 versus many"" situations (Revenge system), executions, effects, customisation gives you a very satisfactory feeling when fighting and some sense of progress, and with that all your skill matters the most. Within some match modes (i.e. Dominion) it is also crucial to take down crowds of AI soldiers, and de-stressing yourself by ravaging a bunch of them also can feel very good. Where combat falls off tho, is the said cheese. Some classes and some aspects of the game make people become frustrated (for example, a character with maxed out ""Revenge gain"" gear stat becomes incredibly strong and at times almost unkillable when ganked with several people). Even though those situations are still doable (many characters can disable an enemy when he's rampaging during ""Revenge mode"", and a well-coordinated gank can take even those guys down eventually), I can understand why people don't really want to look further into the game, because solution is rather unobvious.Out of combatOutside of matches there's a ""world map"" on which there are territories to get from a faction to a faction. After each match, you get those ""war assets"", which you can deploy on the map for your faction. At the end of each turn, your faction wins all the territories on the frontline on which it got the most war assets, and your faction loses territories if amount of war assets is lacking. It gives some sense of progression as well, as the tide of war swaying back and forth. At the end of the round (several turns), faction with the most territories controlled wins it and members of all factions recieve corresponding rewards (obviously the winners of the round get the most). Now where this is not good, is that it gets boring eventually and you stop caring. Since people play all over the world, you may find yourself going into a well-deserved sleep in the evening after your knights captured almost the entire samurai territory, just to come back into the game tomorrow and find out that when you've been away, samurai captured the entirety of *your* territory. And it gets like that almost everyday.Customisation in the game is very unique, too. Your gear can have a few variations in looks, and it also has stats which are applied in some gamemodes. You can't max out selected stats, every piece of gear has 3 stats, and the more you increase one - the more you lose in the other. You lose out much less than you gain though, so in the end you really do become stronger, but you'll have to sacrifice some drawbacks for it. Now it sounds great and in practice it is, but some gear combinations are pretty tough to deal with. So, if you want to neither learn how to play against them nor be attentive to who you're fighting, then it's probably a bad idea to play some fun gamemodes like said Dominion or Skirmish. As of non-gear imrpovement, you get to choose your ""feats"" (active or passive abilities unlocked during a match), colors, engravings, symbols etched onto your armor, executions and emotes your character can perform... And also make your very own emblem! It allows you to get some really cool combinations (and look of the gear can help as well), so visual customisation is 100% ""a go"".Community events liven things up a bit, and give very generous rewards, but this doesn't give much motivation to play yourself (logic ""let them do it and all of us get the rewards""). Apart from them, you always get your daily ""orders"" which give (especially since recently) a generous amount of steel (in-game currency), and also you can get additional orders, if you like, from a good selection of them.Matchmaking is also kinda good, but it's also very weird. It matches usually similar parties, even if they got much better gear or total level, but it doesn't encourage you to play as different characters and explore the roster. It seems like matchmaking operates at least partially relying on a ""total reputation"", which is basically amount of levels you ""clocked"" on your characters. That means, if you, say, play a lot on one character and then, after a lot of time try something new, you'll have to play just as effeciently on the other character or matchmaking will be unbalanced. It seems like it doesn't operate on total reputation alone, but it definetely affects it, so it's possible to start out a new main, but it is not quite encouraged (which I dislike)."
,Not Recommended,304390,30230329,Posted: 27 February,all,Tiniest Lizard,"P2P makes a game about precise fighting and movement boarderline unplayable. Hits don't connect, parrys, guardbreaks or blocks are being flat out ignored due to connectivity issues. This issue should be nothing new to Ubisoft and the fix is simple enough; A dedicated server-system that will host the games players set up automatically. Which is a fix Ubisoft also has done in the past. Why they choose to instead repeat previous mistakes is beyond me. However the class-design is an utter mess aswell. Half of the characters outplay the other half by design due to a few VERY obvious design flaws that wouldn't happen to anyone that actually ever played a game once, and im serious here.Some of the most defense heavy classes have the strongest attacks for no logical reasons, the fastest characters in the game tend to be to fast or have such a range-advantage that they are atrocious to fight and while almost every class enjoys a variety of abilites, a set of characters comes with that one ultimate move that can be cheesed endlessly and i have no idea how anyone was stupid enough to consider this ready for release. After all, avoiding such ultimate moves is one of the highest rules of beat'em'up game-design. And at its core For Honor really wants to be a Beat'em'up. The worst detail in this is, that these issues HAVE been reported and discussed in BOTH the open AND closed beta, yet nothing was done to fix them.Which brings me to the last issue, which is the inability of the dev-team to pay attention. They seem utterly incompetent, oblivious or both to fix the issues that matter. Instead they focus on cheaters who - now that they openly stated what they would do - ironically begin to pop up more and more. Maybe they are just unwilling to listen as well. I can understand that a developer has to carefully seperate whining from actual crticism, but when those issues are reported from beta-testers you selected as well as from the open-beta and release players not fixing or commenting on the issue is downright insulting to everyone ever investing time.And thats For Honor right now. Insulting and infuriating, no matter what quality your playstyle is. And thats a shame, since underneath all the lackluster design choices (that were already present in previous ubisoft games as well) lies a game with huge potential that tries to reach the surface, but will suffocate and die in less then two months if its creators don't pick up the pace...Update: After the last patch did only make matters worse i eventually reached the point in which even being free for me doesn't matter. The patch did not fix a single actually important issue. Shoguki is still bugged in a way that gives players a very unfair advantage, Peer 2 Peer has not been touched (a developer went out of his way to claim this is supposedly on the players side, even tho everybody-and-their-dog is able to proof them wrong), and the older the game gets the more incredible bugs are popping up that ruin the game for everyone involved. From having the Warlord be outright unkillable thanks to a wonky definition of ""out of fight"" with regeneration, to a Peacekeeper that not only now has a much stronger bleed but received such strong light-attacks that there is not even a need to do anything else (for an example check out Youtuber Oroboro Update Mai 2017: By now this class is considered prohibited for all MLG-Tournaments, still no fix) to various other absolutely impossible to explain bugs going around...I reached my breaking point. This game is no longer worth my time and i deinstalled it for the time being. I know i might return to it some day because i still believe in the core-experience but the state of the game right now is unbearable to me. I can only repeat my opinion of For Honor. But as another player i know commented the Game reached a level of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery through bug and cheesyness that fixing these issues might kill-off to much of the remaining playerbase that already gets smaller by the day..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30037961,Posted: 19 February,all,Vajr,Pros:1.Great Graphics.2.Great gameplay mechanics.3.Pretty decent single player campaign.Cons:1. Servers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥.2. Micro transaction allows for shortcut to anything.3. Ubi$oft is a capitalist pig.
76561198246710896,Not Recommended,304390,30300022,Posted: 3 March,all,1051299195,can some one just told me how my game can nmot use fullspin and only can open windows? and how to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥change the languagle?
76561197987668595,Not Recommended,304390,29939892,Posted: 15 February,all,Cervantes,"If you play on console and never got to have fun with swords on Chivalry, then this game is alright. If you play on PC and are rightly depressed with the current state of Chivalry, then this game is a pricey and mediocre substitute. I wouldn't recommend it if you play with KB+mouse, it's playable but annoying and not designed with it in mind.People praise the gameplay in this, but I can't get behind it, all it seems to be is a matter of QTE timing, especially as you get used to the game since the only relevant mechanic quickly becomes countering guard breaks, and the only relevant classes those who can do a lot of damage on guard breaks, as it is the one attack that requires the hardest QTE to counter. It induces very passive gameplay, with no one committing with anything else than guard breaks.The game was also solely designed around duels. Anything more than 2v2 is an atrocious albeit mildly funny mess. Especially since they somehow decided to conceal their lack of vision beyond duel format by adding gear, power-ups and scorestreaks to make 4v4 even more cancerous.That leaves us with a 3D 1v1 fighting game with 12 characters and movesets drastically limited by the punishing mechanics. There is some depth in terms of matching up certain characters against others and playing with their strengths/weaknesses, but ultimately the content is poor and the gameplay gets frustrating fast and repetitive/boring shortly after.It does look cool though, both graphics and animations are excellent, so there's that."
76561198174624046,Not Recommended,304390,30268334,Posted: 1 March,all,RIPBushMaster,Game is amazing I actually like it but it does have it fallsGame is some what Pay to win If you didnt buy game from launch you are screwed (due to gear everyone will be OP)Connection sucks when people leave it stops the game but only for a few seconds (most of the time) but when you complete a whole match the game 3/5 times will just freeze up and it wont register as a crash so you cant send a report also you loose all your end game lootOverall if you dont mind crashing or freezing or some stuttering then BUY this gameI cant recomand this game until it becomes more stable and actually matches you to your skill level
,Not Recommended,304390,30297241,Posted: 3 March,all,[G] Chrinus,"Game mechanics are wonderful and quite deep. It's quite fun to play - when you can play it.Unfortunately while I would recommend this game to anyone interested in medieval fighting games, I can't say you'd have a lot of fun dealing with the obscene issues Ubi ensures to pack into every game release.First off there's the networking which I'm sure has been done to death by now (and still going unrecognized by Ubi) so I'll spare the lecture there. Then you get classes with completely spammable interrupts that they can chain into repeatedly. And as a final kicker, hope you dont plan on getting good in the pvp side of the game - You'll see nothing good come from the matchmaker whatsoever while is sticks fully geared 4 stacks against 4 randoms (3 or fewer even and fill it with bots to give them the free win harder). Or all the high rank/geared players stacking one side. It's a horrible experience to learn from.But with all that said, I would recommend staying clear of any competitve Ubi product released until they get their act together and stop making bad decisions on core playability."
,Not Recommended,304390,30165365,Posted: 25 February,all,charlotte,"我现在只想知道育碧服务器在哪（提上炸药包）I just want to know where the server (Ubisoft now put on c4)나 지금 어디 있는지 알고 싶어 서버 (추썩거리다 카트리지)今の私只サーバーは何処が知りたい（c4を持て）Ich Will nur Wissen, Wo die ubisoft - server (AUF der Patrone)Сейчас я  просто хочу знать,  где  Ubisoft  сервера  (  поставлен на  жареные  заряд  )Maintenant, je veux savoir Ubisoft serveur où (mis sur le paquet de dynamite)and u can Executed the address to methank's a lot"
,Recommended,304390,31047291,Posted: 9 April,all,STI,best pvp combat game
,Not Recommended,304390,30083112,Posted: 21 February,all,The man that play piano,Be ready as a lvl 1 to be matched up against people at lvl 30 and up
,Recommended,304390,30531011,Posted: 15 March,all,Titanium2220,"A great game with good combat mechanics and fantastic visuals.The Online being unstable is a problem but to be honest I only get that once every 3 games most of the time.There are also micro-transactions but when people say its ""pay to win"", they are wrong. It gives a slight advantage to have more gear but player skill will always trump the small stats advantage.Overall I think this game is getting more hate than it deserves, however it does have some problems so if you aren't sure then just wait for a steam deal."
76561197989845029,Not Recommended,304390,31159919,Posted: 15 April,all,TeCnOkred,"Honestly, the first 5-10 hours were great. Loved it. After i completed the story mode,♥♥♥♥♥♥happened. The game just kicks me out even if i have 29 fps which is mostly because of some effects, matches are awesome if you dont get dc'd. In my opinion, it... got stale after 20 hours and my love and hype for the game started to die out. If you want a medieval game just play chivalry, much better game overall."
,Not Recommended,304390,30809359,Posted: 29 March,all,Blackened,"Such a great game but just to many flaws. Ubisoft has done it again and have taken a great game and made it worse by not giving the community much needed updates, balancing that is way overdue and broken servers. P2P, always online even though their servers are offline most of the time and you cant even play single player.What have you done Ubicrap? Sell this title to someone who can save it from the dis-craze you brought to it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30417435,Posted: 9 March,all,VoS.joebob6245,"I love this game, which is why it sucks that I have to say this but...do not bother playing this game until Ubisoft fixes the servers. I get dropped 2/3 games and get crippling lag in 50% of the games I actually do stay in. For anyone who doesn't want to do the math, thats only one playable game out of every 6. As soon as the servers are fixed I will change this review to a positive one that's basically me proposing to it."
,Recommended,304390,31026565,Posted: 8 April,all,nacycei,enjoyably if you can deal with the million networking errors
,Not Recommended,304390,31400479,Posted: 27 April,all,Jibb,"So much potentcial, such poor execution. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this game, teach the AAA studios that if they make a horrible game they need to eat their failure."
,Recommended,304390,30350674,Posted: 5 March,all,The Ridiculous Rav,"Very well polished AAA title game. Connectivity issues are overstated, I feel. Most of the people who gripe about Peer-to-Peer connection usually have low bandwidth and are dropped, but the reality is that if they weren't dropped then you would have players with 200-300+ ping rubberbanding all over the map, or causing desync issues for the rest of the players in a 4v4 match.High level of customization. Each character has a large amount of helmets, armors, greaves which can be customized. Weapons are also customizable, with interchangeable heads, hilts, blades, axes, spikes, shields and other ornaments. Each piece of armor can also be addorned with a pattern and symbol or alternatively be engraved with an image. Higher levels unlock new customizations such as new patterns, outfits, etc. There are also taunts, executions and other things to be unlocked which are completely different from each playable hero (there are currently 12 at launch).Gameplay features 3 gamemodes: Deathmatch, Dominion (Domination from other games, if you're familiar with it), and duels (both 1v1 and 2v2). Each gametype has different modifications. Any gametype that features 4v4 (Deathmatch & Dominion) have abilities called ""feats."" Feats function as scorestreaks from Call of Duty, with functions ranging from catapult strikes, faster objective captures, buffs from parrying, stronger hits, smoke bombs, fire arrows, hidden crossbows and more.Developers are very talkative, especially on forums. There have been multiple developer livestreams discussing balancing, upcoming tweaks, updates and more. First round of new characters have already been teased just a number of weeks after the game has been released.The singleplayer campaign is really weak, it really just functions as a backstory for why there are three factions fighting over land in the multiplayer. The singleplayer is also online-only, as everything else in this game is. If that's your only draw, don't bother getting this game. I haven't finished more than the 4th mission because it's really just not interesting slicing through that many AI opponents.Slight balancing issues at the moment, some are being aknowledged and others aren't. Developers are intentionally dragging their feet on this issue, because they don't want to overtweak a class because the game is so new, and people might just not know how to play against certain styles at the moment. Shoves and a few other unblockables currently dominate high-level play, and are very hard to play around new players. A few characters are simply unplayable in duel settings at high levels of play due to how weak they are (e.g Raider & Kensei).Game is really fun, but play it at face value. Don't rely on this games staying power as a competitive name. It may thrive as a casual game, but its competitive scene will not take off. Really begins to taper off around the 40-50 hour mark."
,Not Recommended,304390,30285141,Posted: 2 March,all,Bubberducky,This game is utterly broken. The matchmaking system encourages scummy play and ubisoft are too inept to fix it.
,Not Recommended,304390,30417605,Posted: 9 March,all,Barry Child,"This game is too broken and inconsistent for my liking. There are way too many network issues for it to be even considered playable at times, There is also the god-awful change in the stamina system that has destroyed the one thing the samurai had going for them."
,Not Recommended,304390,30064564,Posted: 20 February,all,Roadman with the Timbs,"""Daily task: Complete 1 dominion game""Seems easy enoughTook me 3 hoursthanks P2P"
,Recommended,304390,30130534,Posted: 23 February,all,Starwind,"One of my favorite games in a long time. I've spent more than 60 hours on it in just over a week already, so it's easily worth the money in playtime-per-hour terms. The multiplayer is where the meat of the game is. The single player isn't bad, but should mostly be treated as a super detailed, long-form tutorial rather than some super-awesome story campaign.The melee combat is absolutely great. I'd explain it as a mix between Dark Souls and a fighting game. Slower, more telegraphed moves focusing on defense/evasion, locking onto a single target at a time, and stamina management like Dark Souls. Unique characters with their own sets of attack combos, 3-area attacks (Top, left and right in For Honor compared to High-mid-low in a normal 2d fighting game), throws, chip damage, unblockable or uninterruptable moves from fighting games.Dueling is where the game really shines, but I find all of the game modes fun. The 4v4 modes can be a bit screwy sometimes with people running away from fights or grouping up to gangbang people, but the game has a few systems in place to stop it from being too much of an issue - most of the time, at least. There are some balancing issues and bug fixes that need to happen in regards to combat/abilities, but a lot of peoples complaints in this area can unironically be summed up with ""git gud scrub"" - as the game has a really steep learning curve and high skill cap.All the other multitude of negative reviews give you plenty of examples of the negatives, though I think they definitely over-exaggerate the problems. However I'll go through the negatives and put my experiences with them just to be comprehensive.Peer-to-Peer networking:The game doesn't have dedicated servers. Instead it uses some new type of P2P networking where every game client is also a host, so you're all sending and receiving information to each other at the same time. This prevents there from being a ""host,"" thus avoiding ""host advantage"" like older P2P games. However it does cause overall higher pings than a dedicated server, and you can still get host migrations if the ""session host"" - the guy leading the lobby who receives player invites from the matchmaking servers - leaves.The host migration thing happens sometimes, but not a huge amount, and the vast majority of times only takes a few seconds. I've not really experienced the horrible lag, long matchmaking times or inability to join games tha a lot of others are complaining about. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but the worst I've experienced is a few matchmaking errors here and there or the matchmaking derp'ing as it tries to throw me into a game that's already full. Which since the queue times are mostly instant for me I just requeue and get into a game right away - I've never had the errors happen more than a couple times in a row before it puts me in a match.Micro-transactions:I, personally, am fine with the fact that there are micro-transactions since it means all future DLC is going to be free for everyone. However I do wish they'd have adopted more of an Overwatch or Dota2 model with cosmetics only. As it is things are /mostly/ cosmetic, but there is an aspect of ""pay to avoid grinding"" to them as well. Which I think is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a full price AAA game, but it doesn't really effect gameplay the way they've implemented it.So I would say it's something I don't like, but since it's still totally optional and doesn't actively take anything away from the game... That I don't really care, I guess. It's a shady business practice that I wish wasn't there, but doesn't hamper my enjoyment of the game in any way.TLDR:Overall I think For Honor is a great multiplayer game and would highly recommend it. It has some issues, but nothing that's too big of a deal from my experience.Final score - 8/10If it had a proper, good campaign and improved on the few negatives it has it would easily be a 10/10, and I'd say that just multiplayer gameplay wise it's a 9/10 for me, but the overall package I'd say is a fairly solid 8/10 even with its flaws."
,Not Recommended,304390,30778223,Posted: 27 March,all,Aamta,One of the worst decisions ever in my gaming history.I had hought this because of appolyon.But the story was boringDon't buy it.Ubisoft is ♥♥♥♥ed up.They use cheap local servers which mess other uplay games.Dont buy it during sale too.Im sorry for a late review.I regret buying it.
76561198019445337,Recommended,304390,30057508,Posted: 20 February,all,DaaaShittt,"SInce I have purchased this game I have played it almost everyday. I love it! The player vs player is the best part. While the matchmaking has a few bugs, once you get into a match its completely fine. I love how angry this game makes people. Ive never been accused of hacking a game so many times in my life. Everytime you kill someone they call you a hacker and rage quit, then they probably write a review on the game lol. Trust me, the game is fantastic, It is unforgiving if you are not a skilled player, but if you want to see a lot of salty people, join the matchmaking. You could salt the oceans with all of their tears."
76561198066164592,Not Recommended,304390,31713928,Posted: 12 May,all,Garshy,"I made a terrible mistake buying this, I played the campaign first and it was meh, so I then tried out multiplayer and could never get into a server, couldn't refund it because i finished the campaign and i took up the hours. To this day I still can't get into a server, worst $60 ive ever spent, please do not buy this, this many months after release and servers are still broken is just despicable."
76561197971210772,Not Recommended,304390,32492601,Posted: 16 June,all,Souldra,Between garbage connection and horrible class balance this game is a complete waste of time. I gave it too many chances.
,Not Recommended,304390,33349163,Posted: 7 July,all,Legenden Pungsäck,"unbalanced, bad connection, laggy, toxic players and overall terrible game"
76561198023972688,Not Recommended,304390,33532178,Posted: 14 July,all,KushOnPC,The worst Game and the worst companyI am never playing a single ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥againthis company deserves no fanbase and no concurent players....
,Not Recommended,304390,30238117,Posted: 28 February,all,BillTheBobCat,It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. This game is a trainwreck of good ideas gone horribly wrong.
,Recommended,304390,30186493,Posted: 25 February,all,Muten Roshi,"This game is fantastic. It has it's quirks, but I've already sunk a big chunk of time into it. The competitive combat is engaging and exciting. You really feel rewarded when you learn your combos and characters and how to play them. Executions are very satisfying to pull off. Currently, there are occasionaly disconnects and some minor bugs, but they don't happen nearly as often as some of the commentors are saying. I'd say I get disconnected 1 in every 10 games. The bugs I have encountered don't effect gameplay in a major way. While it's unfortunate that bugs slipped through this isn't the first nor the last time this has happened in a game. I'd say the game is worth buying now, but will be even more worth it down the road when there is a more established playerbase and patches. For now I'm all aboard the hype train."
76561197964982384,Recommended,304390,30003518,Posted: 18 February,all,Billocles,"Definitely fun, some modes more than others and there will need tobe some balance tuning. But the fights are great, the graphics are great and executions are worth the effort. Everything can be bought with in game currency and you don't have to spend real money fo the cosmetics. The items have a pretty low drop rate, but you can get ""packs"" with in game currency as well"
,Not Recommended,304390,29975852,Posted: 16 February,all,Tom Aito,"Ubi is such garbage. I can't freaking read Russian or Chinese so I'm excluded from enjoying this game.Maybe it's because I couldn't read anything, but the game didn't strike me as particularly fun."
76561198071807059,Not Recommended,304390,29981967,Posted: 17 February,all,spooky,This game would be a lot more fun if I could ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT♥♥♥♥ING DISCONNECTED FROM THE ♥♥♥♥ING MENU SCREEN? HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?!?Disconnected from tutorial??? can't even get into matchmaking??? I have freaking 50 ping????? 5 ♥♥♥♥ING BARS!!LET ME PLAY YOUR GAME UBISOFT WHY WON'T YOU LET ME PLAY YOUR GAME????*screaming skeleton noises*help
,Not Recommended,304390,29999694,Posted: 17 February,all,roguepossum,gameply is great but after 10 plus hours i have yet to be able to finish a online match without being disconected. No dedicated servers ruined this game. another ubisoft failure
76561198031575418,Not Recommended,304390,30028650,Posted: 19 February,all,Noadkoko,"So... 3 hour games = 1h30 to reconnect or run the game again , 30 min looking for peer to peer ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection , 1 hour actually playinganyway except connection and synchronization problems-good graphics-nice campaign ( a bit short)-nice costumization of characters-original way to fightcon:-Absolutly not balanced so everyone plays Peecemaker , samurai or warden-few map-the war zone of multiplayer is a joke ( if you are a viking and want to capture zone from samurai clan for exemple , you might sometimes actually fight on the side of samurai..)-peer to peer-Micro-transactions-Season pass aslmost as expensive as the game-Either idiot bot , or god alike bot-sync/ disconnection ect...-no tacticsConclusion ... dont buy it . at least not till the internet issue have been resolved"
,Not Recommended,304390,29937040,Posted: 14 February,all,p3r$p3x,"60+40+microtrans, yet you have been disconnected from the session(error code)....you greedy little piglets.Game's great though."
76561198029452300,Not Recommended,304390,29948803,Posted: 15 February,all,DirtyDishSoap,"Alright, after pouring a few hours into this game, I can say avoid this until they either patch it, lower the price, bring dedicated servers or just all three.I'll start with the single player...Story - If you didn't read any of the lore and you don't really feel like lore hunting in the single player campaign, well, you'll be just as lost and confused as I was. *Spoiler Alter* The story is about making war. *Gasp* There wasn't much depth to it and you can immediately tell there wasn't much thought put into constructing any sort of lore in the game other than ""Hit O if you'd like to hear some dialogue about such and such"". Any game that forces you to find these lore points without building any sort of constructive lore as you progress is just...lazy. Padded for those completionists or people who REALLY want to try and understand what is going on, but nothing in the game is giving you any sort of incentive to find it. It just feels lifeless. Which is sad because I was looking forward to some interesting but goofy story about knights, vikings and samurai all locked onto the same continent. Instead it's a typical ""kill everything in sight"" story. Yawn. Disclaimer : I understand a lot of people didn't buy this game for the story, but when I first saw a Alpha (or maybe it was Beta?) playthrough, I immediately wanted to know what the story was going to be because the game itself looked amazing.The dialogue - It's awful. There are times where everyone just sits and stare at each other for an awkward minute without doing anything. I'm not talking about the traditional stare downs you see in movies, I'm talking about that guy that says something so incredibly stupid, you can't do anything but have your mouth open like some professional window licker. It's almost as if the dialogue was just gutted out of single player for whatever reason. It reminds me of that sad excuse of a game of Ride To Hell : Retribution. Other times the dilogue is so poor, it will make you cringe. Either a really bad (corny) joke or just really misplaced humor that a five year old would have a hard time laughing at. It's not the most awful voice acting and script out there, but it's up there, believe me.Graphics - It's beautiful. Really, enjoyed it.Music - Much like the dilogue, the music is missing half the time in parts that you would think there WOULD BE music. For example: The first level when you're trying to break a siege, it's eeriley quiet as you're making your way to the catapult. Sounds of combat is quiet. You'll just hear your hero *CLANK CLANK CLANK* as he runs to the next objective. The music is missing and therefor the immersion is missing. I really wished this was something they nailed because a good soundtrack can redeem the story provided it immersed you more into whatever you were dealing, or trying to actually make you feel something. The war is getting ugly? Use something that comes across soft. Awesome siege with everything flying through the air? Use high tempo stuff. I thought this was common sense but maybe not.Gameplay - The controls are wonky, and it'll feel like the controller was just an awful port to PC. Your mouse is going to be super sensitive to whatever direction you want to block, attack or parry. Definitely more suited for something like a joy stick, or even a controller. Your life will be amazingly easier if you get one of the two because a mouse, at least for me, is hard to keep in one spot at all times. Reaction wise is fine, but more often than not, I've blocked or attacked in the completely wrong direction because of my mouse. I truly enjoyed the combat and I liked the direction they were going for, but the way they brought it in demands a stick.Mobs are incredibly annoying to deal with. The way this game wants you to play is dueling but surpise, you still have to fight mobs as if this is Dynasty Warriors. You'll be stuck pushing these AI mobs to an objective. Constantly, the AI mob's will stagger you or cause you to outright die because of the unending horde they are, worse, your own mob can stagger you and even take slivers of your health.You can't take your attention off the main threat, but you can't get overtly aggressive. It's not a great gameplay mechanic, as it's more just frusterating that they would implement this into a dueling game. Best piece of advice, just avoid the mobs if you can. Fighting in it is a death sentence.Other than what I mention, the combat is still fine in these 1v1/1v2/1v3. You'll otherwise enjoy the combat despite these gripes which are small.MultiplayerThe servers aren't dedicated so I wouldn't even try dominion (I did once and the game froze immediately for my hubris). The 1v1's/2v2's are fine. I haven't came across any hackers or script bots as a lot of these other reviews claim.All I can say is for multiplayer, unless the server situation gets fixed, the multiplayer is going to die out, fast.All in all, this game isn't worth the $60+ or however much it costs in the UK. You're better off spending your money on other games that actually gave reviewers early access. Clearly, Ubisoft knew that they were going to screw the consumer over, and they got everyone, including me, onto the hype train to make up for their crap. Steer clear from this until it either gets patched or something.Or if it just dies, you're not missing out anything anyways."
76561198145386490,Not Recommended,304390,29956536,Posted: 15 February,all,Painsponge,"Currently playing the game with a DS4 (Playstation 4 controller) on steam results in the game kicking you inactivity even when you're clearly active.This is a gamebreaking bug that effectively makes the game unplayable in any meaningful way and therefore I can't recommend this product.Also just to be clear, Ubisoft is very much aware of this issue as they have received multiple complaints and thus far have done nothing despite this being a full priced AAA title."
,Not Recommended,304390,29972494,Posted: 16 February,all,zeje,"GRAPHICS ARE TOO GOOD, YOU'LL NEVER GO OUTSIDE AGAIN. THIS GAME IS TOO FOOD TO BE ON THE MARKET REMOVE IT NOW. THE COMBAT SYSTEM IS TOO AMAZING, I HATE THIS GAME"
76561198027530540,Not Recommended,304390,29974129,Posted: 16 February,all,Keep.Summer.Safe.,Fun game but can only complete matches half the time. Green NAT. Also make skirmish and elimination modes seperate like duels and brawls or make the preference button actually work.
,Not Recommended,304390,29974547,Posted: 16 February,all,Peculiar Picard,Had to refund due to my NAT Type being Strict no matter what I did. Before anyone tries to tell me what to do to fix it. I tried everything that the internet suggests I do and still nothing. This needs a fix and I'm not the only one who has experienced this It's a shame I really wanted this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,29977664,Posted: 16 February,all,RhawElement,Every time i try to block or parry it works about half the time.  I'm not sure if it's server lag or just a really poorly programed game but this is unplayable.
,Not Recommended,304390,29999989,Posted: 17 February,all,Smiley O'Reilly,"I actually got into a game once. It was very pretty for the 30 seconds I was able to play before getting booted from a sync error. I highly recommend gifting this game to people you hate so that they waste their time trying connect to a game. I have 10+ hourse of loading, only about 8 minutes of gameplay. That still qualifies as refundable right..."
76561198017015210,Not Recommended,304390,30000464,Posted: 17 February,all,sps_sy,As a game developer. This is the WORST matchmaking I've ever seen in my life.I know Ubisoft want to save money from dedicated server. But why don't implement a relay server to handle NAT issue? This is lazy
76561198184309358,Not Recommended,304390,30028964,Posted: 19 February,all,shinmattsou,"Should I recommend this game at its current state? ♥♥♥♥ NO. I know ubisoft is notorious for its online connections but THIS IS TAKING ITS NOTORIETY TO ANOTHER LEVEL. Instead of making this game better connection wise this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥P2P system is RUINING everyone's enjoyment. I tried to play a few matches today and 9/10 of the time I COULDN""T EVEN ENTER THE GAME (let alone finish) and if i enter, most likely i would be in an inferior team and IS ABOUT TO LOSE.While everything else about the game is great. The lack of online support for a massive MMO that this game aspires to be is going down THE DRAIN. Seriously i have a i7-6700 and a gtx1060 with fiber connection and STILL COULD NOT PLAY THIS GAME PROPERLY IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥JOKE."
,Not Recommended,304390,29999093,Posted: 17 February,all,Aralu,In the begining the game will be blast. Learning the combat system trying new things out. But after a bit of playing the game play gets stale and boring nothing new but same old fighting. Get one style of fighting learned and it all become boring and overplayed.
76561198028755796,Not Recommended,304390,29956596,Posted: 15 February,all,Tizzy,"Love this game so far. Skill curve, customization, immersive multiplayer are some of the great features. For once, I feel like i haven't been stiffed by Ubisoft on a 60 dollar game. Despite all these great points, it is completely and utterly overshadowed by the connection issues. This is something that the ""beta"" should have ironed out, instead of acting as advertising the week before release. For now, as a new player I would not recommend until these connectability issues are fixed. It makes it frustrating and breaks up any game when you get DC issues every 5-30 seconds.TL;DR: Would recommend if not for the connection stability issues."
76561198046212755,Not Recommended,304390,29976793,Posted: 16 February,all,kathywatkins49,"This is unabashed♥♥♥♥♥♥of the highest order. A last minute campaign thrown together with barly any thought to it, a multiplayer experience ment to siphon your money first than give you a good time, kinda. Also always requires to be connected to the Ubisoft servers, evan if you want to play single player, but relies on peer to peer instead of dedicated servers? ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT! No you are not the only ones who do this but that does not excuse you from being stupid enough to jump off the cliff with everyone else."
,Recommended,304390,30063506,Posted: 20 February,all,Col.Walnut,"fix the ♥♥♥♥ing samurais, way too OP. all the attacks are impossible to block.ledges are broken too."
76561198327136519,Not Recommended,304390,34498242,Posted: 25 August,all,Gryphonos,This game is living proof that ubisoft is full of degenerates
76561198284163198,Not Recommended,304390,31423437,Posted: 28 April,all,TomerLOL123,WTF WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197996802983,Not Recommended,304390,30022425,Posted: 18 February,all,FoxUnbeatable,"The game itself is great - Fantastic combat, it looks amazing, and rarely feels cheap (most balance QQ's the player is just bad, doesn't know how to parry etc"".Sadly, the developers are let down by the greedy suits at Ubisoft once again, who have decided their groundbreaking p2p system will path the way for the future of p2p. It's trash, just like every other p2p system, ever.Constant drop outs, I've literally had a single dominion 'pause' while regaining connection over 25 times in a single match before dropping out to the main menu. This tends to happen not every 50th game, but every 2-3rd. God knows how they are going to handle this on a competive / ranked level. Even when dueling friends, issues - we all have fibre optic connections with decent upload speeds - doesn't help.Second gripe - AAA title with a higher price tag - not only are there no dedicated servers but microtransactions that can make a difference on the battlefield - sure, some overpriced cosmetics but spend real $$ get all perks for X,Y, Z hero - buy XXX steel for $99.99 and upgrade all your equipment instantly? rly?|While the game has its strong points - the p2p and micro transactions were a dog choice by ubi - if you are on the fence on buying it, wait a month. Id be surprised if some drastic changed aren't implemented as im sure they don't want their game to die in the first 90 days."
76561198045992160,Recommended,304390,30054872,Posted: 20 February,all,Spyderfish,"As a kid I wanted to be a Viking warrior, a Knight, and a Ninja. For honor = making dreams come true :)Combat is Deep and has a very high skill ceiling.Graphics are great.Story mode is passable.Earning loot to deck out your favorite hero is addicting."
,Not Recommended,304390,31144867,Posted: 14 April,all,lVlonkeyman,This game is like enjoying a fancy parisian dinner with that special someone. Then Ubisoft slams your date over the table and rips their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ apart as you're forced to watch. (NO REFUNDS)Buyer Beware. Uplay uses{LINK REMOVED}BLACKED.comas their launcher.
,Recommended,304390,29972509,Posted: 16 February,all,♚ VolStag,DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT DEUS VULT
76561198094178351,Recommended,304390,30162004,Posted: 25 February,all,Tek13,"Probably the best game out there atm.+ Good fighting mechanics+ Nice visuals+ Faction wars are cool aswell- Not that balanced yet (♥♥♥♥ you Nobushi)- A bit a high price if you ask me.In the end i can totally recommend it, it's alot of fun :)"
,Recommended,304390,32499136,Posted: 17 June,all,Hue,"I know this review will get drowned out in the sea of negative steam reviews, which for many list perfectly valid reasons to not recommend the game. However, what is hidden in the dung called Ubisoft corporate decisions is a diamond, and a game that is incredibly unique and fun when it does work. For me at least, this is most of the time. Balancing is a work in progress and is to be expected in a game with as new a battle system and concept as this. The lack of dedicated servers is an issue, but not as much as many have made it out to be. Forums-wide and among community pages, the connectivity issues seem to have drastically lowered, though disconnects still happen, most particularly in 4v4 modes. Personally, it has not happened enough times for me to affect my enjoyment of the game. Mileage varies, but as a general rule of thumb, the quality of your own connection determines your experience with this. The developers are well aware of the issues that plague the game and actively listen to the community as they try to correct them, moreso than I have seen is almost any other triple A title. The biggest problem this game has, at least in my over 230 hrs+ of gameplay is the decline of the playerbase, thus leading to fighting the same opponents fairly often. This is due in part to the enormous amounts of negativity both here and elsewhere that paint the game as clear and plain trash and frustrations among players as things change. I could keep going, but as it stands now I do not regret spending full price for this game, as I have had loads of fun and enjoyed the experience overall. However, for those on the fence about buying, I would wait for the game's first sale, as it definitely deserves a try, but asking full price for a WIP is a bit much. As it stands, 70% of the game is complete, and 30% is still in progress or missing; as such wait for at least a 30% sale. I'll go ahead and rate the game a thumbs up for what it has and the potential still possible for it."
,Not Recommended,304390,30236283,Posted: 28 February,all,Ryuurider,"Let's keep this simple because I'm bad at writing reviews.Pros:-12 classes with significantly varied playstyles.-""Champion Status"", the membership in For Honor which gives boosts to EXP and Item gain after matches, is purchaseble with in-game currency.(The in-game currency is also available for real money.)-The gear is balanced with stat boosts and stat nerfs, allowing you to increase the effectiveness of your chosen playstyle without making you overpowered.-A handful of battlefields with varying weather and daytime choices that look nice and change how you may approach a fight.Cons:-The game requires a minimum framerate of 30 during play, otherwise you will be booted from the match after a short time.-Requires a constant internet connection, even for single-player.-If your opponent leaves during a match, you are left to fight a bot for the remainder of the match.-The combat consists of solid-feeling blocks, parries, guardbreaks, and counters are all done in such a way to put power in your hands for a rush of satisfaction when you combo together a head-splitting victory. The con is the fact that all of this is worthless when you know that you can grab your enemy and throw him off a ledge or into spikes for an instant-kill. Normally a loss makes you think, ""Yeah, that sucked, but it was fun. I should have timed my attacks better."" But when you're tossed off a ledge because you missed the timing to counter a guardbreak? The frustration that follows just makes you bitter. Even if your opponent screwed up every single attack and defense up to that point, if he gets that guardbreak near an edge, guess who's going over? That's right! It's not the guy who's an inch from death. It's you, the full-health badass that took him for a ride on the pain train. You lose that round for a single mistake.I may be a tiny bit salty about this.I could say more, but frankly that's about all I can form an opinion on at this point in my playtime."
,Not Recommended,304390,33824877,Posted: 26 July,all,Stabidy,do not buy this game period its advertising is false not to mention half of what it says in game also is false how ever steam finds it funny that even though its false advertisement that since their refund policy isnt in any way responciable for allowing such a poor game and false advertised game to be allowed on their store. honestly probley one of the most garbage games i have played i would play pac man the old 2d version before playing this garbage so steam since you want to tell people no ill make sure you dont make money off people with this trashy game not to mention they cant even keep their servers up crap is down so much that its not worth anyones time.
76561198002401377,Not Recommended,304390,30066157,Posted: 20 February,all,Spectral_Mimicry,"Yeah, awesome game! Shame I can barely play it.2/3 of the games I start up I crash out of again, citing a network error or some other nonsense. Not to mention that when joining with a friend/friends, it´s a russian roulette as to who joins the battle, and for some reason you are not allowed to auto join your friends to fill up the bots now occupying your spots.Welcome to the modern era where games are released half arsed finished. Looking forward to when I can play it though! Value for money and all that."
76561198043903891,Not Recommended,304390,30125465,Posted: 23 February,all,jstutzman,I disconnect from 45% of matches
,Not Recommended,304390,30694114,Posted: 23 March,all,EenGekkeFox,"This game has amazing amounts of potential, but as good as I thought it was, it has the absolute WORST community I've ever seen. The game isn't as much about skill as you thought, It's actually solely based on the meta, the better gear that you acquire, and using moves that give you an unfair advantage like telling you to block the wrong way. The game in concept and it's gameplay is pretty good, but it's simply the fact that Ubisoft's development team have put no effort into removing the meta or fixing these glitches, and quite simply it's pathetic. If/When this game becomes properly maintained by devs who care more about the gameplay rather than the $700 worth of microtransactions (Literally, that number is not exaggerated) I would definitely reccomend this game, but due to it's unbelievably poor development in terms of balancing, this game is not worth your time, or the $60 that it values itself at."
,Recommended,304390,30099925,Posted: 22 February,all,ArkAngel Shaun - 4K,"Well, this game has its good and bad points thats for sure. The campaign is alright but becomes very repetitive and playing it on hard isn't that bad other than the fact AI has pretty much bulletproof blocking no matter how good you think you timed it. The campaign did become a drag as you already knew what to expect as each chapter is pretty much the same. Multiplayer is very fun apart from the odd losers who have no honor or throw you off a ledge without any attempt to fight at all. Other than that the mulitplayer is satisfying and even though people say the combat system is bland, its really not. In lower tier it might be, but higher up the skill level it becomes very tense and more than simple left, right, up all the time. I would recommend this game despite how repeated it feels.8/10"
76561198003875608,Not Recommended,304390,30099086,Posted: 22 February,all,DeepScream,"Many problem and I feel bad when playing I stop play this game now!I will crazy drop from highpay for trailer ,Uninstall nowI can't see game balance - -, Orochi run to break guard and light attack and loop that I can take coffee time Can't do anything,Warlord haha Drop from high and get godlikeI play Kensei yeah I 'm not Progamer I try reinstall and I got crazy"
,Recommended,304390,29939953,Posted: 15 February,all,Kubla Conversation,"This is a good game - it deserves to be played.The demographic is a more casual audience, so don't expect balence at the highest levels of play. Some characters are objectively better than others once you get to a high enough skill level, and others are downright unusable against people who understand how parrying works.That said, this game is fun. It's blade symphony except actually well made.If you've wasted your life with Dark Souls PvP and want somthing better, here it is. Just stay away from Story mode."
,Recommended,304390,29995217,Posted: 17 February,all,DoVe,Insane game must buy
,Recommended,304390,29982203,Posted: 17 February,all,TripTaku,"I was waiting for exactly a game like this, when after JDKII & Academy never anyother Dev-Team tright to approche this conept in such a good way as surprisingly Ubisoft did a good job here, for their games are normaly terrible.The game seems very well balanced to me. You just need to learn and adapt your Fighting to your opponents fightingmovments, and even an orochi or a peacemaker is smashed to the ground in know time, for unexperienced players will choose those for an easy win, but always use the same combos.Rather you choose Duel and get a wonderfull stylish fighting game, or you choose dominion and get a superbe tactical pvp-game.Grafics, animation, costumization are well done.Love this game and looking forward to new mods and content.On the dowenside, the game needs still some tweaks in matchmaking and maby some balancing, eather it feels overall quite well balanced. The only anoying thing is blockbreaker-spamming with knockdown. They should maby increase the exhaustion of it, or eather give player more chances to counter it, for sometimes you just get blockbreak-spammed and constantly grabbed.Another think i would love to see is a quick button where you challenge in Deathmatch or Dominion a player to a duell like in JDKII, so no one can interupt your fight when your in a good duell while other players may lurk and interupt.Also Peer to Peer should be made possible."
76561198006935356,Recommended,304390,30019139,Posted: 18 February,all,rdeisbeck83,"Mk so, after reading so many complaints rather than reviews of the game, I feel the potential for joining more gamers with a good mindset in this game will dwindle. So i'm going to put my own 2 cents out there and break this game down in a way I feel will give someone a true 'do i want this' feeling or not. First off we will roll right into the features/modes of the gameMultiple classes to play - So one of the first things that frustrated me, until i figure it out, was the fact that the classes are very different from each other. You have to figure out the play style that fits YOU, and than capitalize on it. I feel this is one of those games that captures so much about the way different warriors have fought throughout history, and than portrays it in a combat way so beautifully. However thats where you  have to figure out, through trial and error, if you are even able to play that class the way it acted in combat. Like me for example, I love the Orochi, a fast hitting, fast dodging, agile little samurai dude who if used in that way, is pretty awesome. But if i go in to try to go all heavy hitting like i'm a tank and get shredded for it, well if i cry about it i should just go find a mirror b/c it's my fault >.> I say that because you will see alot of people gripe about getting shredded and it's ultimately b/c of how they try to play an orochi like a vanguard...doesn't quite work the same way... Each class has it's own move set which you can practice and learn about, or play through the story mode and that will let you fine tune your skills in that department. But bottom line up front, I admire what the dev team did as far as the way they set up the 3 different backgrounds of warriors, and than split them further to show how they had different classes that performed in different ways. I hope they hold to this and do not make a 'everyone has 10000 hp and hits the same way' change like most games do nowadays. I feel the class differences make this game hone your skills as otherwise you will perform poorly and cry for it to be a 'i want to mash A and win' game.Single Player/Practice - has a pretty neat story line that walks you through most of the characters that you will play at some point, which helps give you an idea of which one you will want to focus your time/energy on in the long term. Keep in mind every class is different, as mentioned before. But the story will walk you through it. The practice mode is pretty awesome as it can be endless and you can set the difficulty of the bots as you excel so they can get pretty crazy hard and make you work for your money.Multiplayer - Mk, my favorite part. Multiplayer. SHAZAM. the bread and butter of online gaming, the bee's knee's, the almost as good as sex downright foundation of why you need the internet!!! Just kidding just kidding. So you have the general Player vs player, player vs AI, and than of course co-op story mode. You have 1v1 (duel), 2v2(brawl), and 4v4(dominion, skirmish, elimination), all of which can be played pvp or player vs ai. Now there is another aspect to it, which is the overall, campaign map like do-hickey. Which, that gets more into how your 'faction' is doing at dominating an area, and at the end of each round you get loot/gear/accolades for doing so good or ... well... nothing for doing not so good. This part of the game I will update my review later on once I have finished a full 'season' to see what all it is worth/not worth. Overall though I don't worry much about it. I play the game modes I like and don't worry about the faction junk. So into the game modes.1v1 Duel - I think this is self explanatory...but...yeah...it's you...vs...not you...and...yeah...enough said?2v2 Brawl - This is you and a buddy, vs ... someone else and a buddy, or all 4 of you may be random joes grouped up together.4v4 Dominion - This is like a domination match in a FPS. There are 3 nodes on the map, A and C being 'healing' points and no minions really go up to them, but the B point is always where the little minions are fighting each other over control of the point. First team to 1000 forces the other team to break, which means they get no respawns. Keep in mind revives can still happen if you do not execute your targets.4v4 Skirmish - So this will be on the same maps as the other 4v4's, but the way it works is you get points for your kills, so it's basically a 4v4 death match, first team to 1000 forces the other team to break, and walla.4v4 Elimination - This is a 4v4 death match, no respawns (but there are revives in case you don't get executed). first team to kill the other team, wins.All of the game modes are played best 3/5 other than 4v4 Dominion and 4v4 Skirmish. So moving into the last bit i'm worried about players knowing about.The 'pay for this and that' crap. First off, i will say, do not buy a season pass. If you have the 30 bucks, I would instead buy steel with it, and than get a character to prestige, and buy a couple chests to get some decent gear (though the gear is not a game maker/breaker) if thats your thing to do. Otherwise, i don't see the need to spend money past the initial cost of this game, as it is very skill focused. If you spend a bunch of money getting all that 'glowy' stuff, your just wasting cash because if you go against a player of same skill, it will still be an even match. Unless you are max prestige and he is just starting, and you have max gear and they have none, I have yet to see gear decide a duel/fight. It is a skill focused game. Hone your skills, and than show your skills.And the combat system....AWESOME....so Revenge mode is the only part of the combat system i'm still....well...undecided about. So the regular combat, awesome. You have dodge/parry/block and of course attacks, all of which can be done directionally. Using timing and reaction skills, you can count-attack, open for attack, plain all out attack, or do whatever you need in order to kill your baddies. I use a controller so it's the basic layout that is easy to follow and do combo's with following my moveset. Timing and honing your skills is everything. again, A SKILL BASED GAME. So if you aren't interested in honing your skills, but still get this, than do so to enjoy it as a game. Please do not rage if you get shredded by those who are worshiping this game, because i've faced some of them and all i can do is smile and tip my hat to say 'yep, you got me'. It will happen. IT IS STILL AWESOME TO GET AND JUST PLAY!!! SO WORTH IT!!!*Side note - Gear will help you as far as getting the stats you want to focus on.*Last but not least, leveling multiple toons. I'm all for this myself, however, if you are into getting gear and seeing your numbers be higher than other players, than you will want to focus your time on one toon, and get him/her up there as best as possible. I will say if you play multiple toons than try to stick to the ones that are like the one you love, b/c than it won't mess u up when u come back to him. Like I love the orochi, but when I go play a warden, and than come back to my orochi, i get face rolled first round b/c, well, i can't take hits like a warden anymore. I like playing all toons cuz than you know what moves they have, and gives you an idea of what to get away from, what to go after and all that jazz.So my steam name is obviously here, if you have questions or would like to know more, or have me expand on more, feel free to hit me up. I will give you the no bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ no complaints, no crying answer on what you want to know, before you commit 60 bucks to something you are unsure about. I was sure about it, and I have not regretted it. I Love love love LOVE this games combat system and that has pretty much locked me in to everything else. The only things i'm still fickle on are the Revenge mode....the revenge mode....and....hmm...yep, the revenge mode >.>"
,Recommended,304390,30424438,Posted: 10 March,all,Hoh sis,worth it...only that the matchmaking is a bit shity
76561198002006124,Recommended,304390,30631338,Posted: 20 March,all,Taste shit from hell,"Living China while play this game all by luck. First connect is the problem,Courage me bought poxys(yea with s!), Fine!BUT Still~ loading Lagging is not the problem -Just disconnect!""Specially"" the pvp mode,DON'T know HoW?when??? Is that hero Charging catch fury had a heart attact,SO REAL!!!! Why use the Ub sever? How dumb is that idea,The Ub sever is total ""F""rubbish.""M FuXX""ruining a good game.Any idea learn form CSgo?"
76561198149045716,Not Recommended,304390,33254509,Posted: 4 July,all,♠ Fanny,regret
76561198082053040,Not Recommended,304390,33335864,Posted: 7 July,all,ShadySnek,"Open beta was enjoyable. I played it with friends, and we had a good time. Gave me great hopes for the game, so I purchased it.Only now am I regretting it. I love the melee combat, and I know I'm repeating what everyone else has said. If you found a good fight between a player, it made the game enjoyable. However, there was as has been mentioned ""cheese"". The warden shoulder bash is a shining example. There's a few heroes that merely require the frequent use of a series of attacks to make it impossible for the opponent to fight back.Connection is terrible most of the time, and you will find yourself disconnecting a lot. New players or players trying new heroes will feel far behind as the equipment level of a player that grinds a single hero will far exceed that of the others.It's likely it will be played for about 24 hours before gameplay gets stale. I'm disappointed in myself blowing my money off like I did upon its release. It seemed far more promising than what we got."
,Not Recommended,304390,33616380,Posted: 17 July,all,Captain Canuck,"Very lackluster campaign with a crazy grindy multiplayer. Imo, not worth the current price."
,Not Recommended,304390,31246132,Posted: 19 April,all,Revolver Ocelot,Game itself: 9/10After Ubi had its way with ita moldy crock of♥♥♥♥♥♥1EDIT:nvm░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░For Honour░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198032514717,Not Recommended,304390,31192916,Posted: 16 April,all,Di Dae Mao,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Peer to Peer connectionPro :Good graphic yesCons :VERY BAD MultiplayerVERY BAD combat mechanicVERY BAD P2W microtransactionVERY BAD P2P COnnectionVERY BAD CommunityTL:DRAvoid.,.. Repeat AVOID""This is not the game you're looking for"""
,Not Recommended,304390,31092322,Posted: 12 April,all,「sfff!」,"Gameplay is great, story is bland but the servers are f**ked up so don't buy until ubi fixes this"
76561198105185390,Recommended,304390,32504617,Posted: 17 June,all,A walking Rainbow Six meme,"0/10 I can't end someone rightly.Just kidding, but in all seriousness, the game is quite balanced (if you know what you're doing, you can counter all classes), each class feels special in every way, the DLC characters are a blast to play (which is why you should pay the extra money for the season pass, seriously, they're fun) The faction war is an interesting concept, the story in the singleplayer was a little meh, though.And if you see people saying ""oh centurion or shinobi is op!1!!!"", They just can't adapt. Centurion is easy to just absolutely destroy if you can dodge, which is as simple as pressing a WASD key and spacebar while in guard mode, and is especially easy to just massacre if you're a Lawbringer, but of course, many people in this game just get massacred by Centurion because all they think the game is about is mashing the mouse buttons. Then Shinobi has almost no health at all and can therefore be killed quite easily if you can get the jump on them or simply get close to them and guard break+left mouse button spam.I say Ubisoft Montreal did very well here."
76561197985574408,Not Recommended,304390,30318331,Posted: 4 March,all,Rebel,"The game is awful.    They claim is a matter of timing, it's a lie.   More or less if you get lucky you might win.    If you get lucky the servers might work, if you get lucky the game might allow you to finish after someone ♥♥♥♥♥es out, if you get lucky you might not have afkers in your match running in circles.   Do not give these liars money"
76561198217605345,Not Recommended,304390,30322757,Posted: 4 March,all,?,"I feel scammed by ubisoft, nat type always strict, u cant do anything about it, and im not willing to configure my router settings so ubisoft better fix this game ASAP!!!."
,Not Recommended,304390,30723867,Posted: 25 March,all,Dova-Meal,oshite mairuconfidently the worst game i have ever played
76561198183383441,Not Recommended,304390,30725065,Posted: 25 March,all,Mr Wolfy Enfer,"THIS GAME SAYS CONTROLLERS WORK. BUT THEY DONT. save me, wake me up. because its trash. i cant use left stick or heavy attack. dont buy unless you want to sink 100 hours into trying to use a mouse on this crap"
76561198099149575,Not Recommended,304390,30725296,Posted: 25 March,all,Purphuros,cant even play multiplayer. worst game in a LONG time
,Not Recommended,304390,30730774,Posted: 25 March,all,weed master greengill,not worth 60 dollars from the quality of multiplayer to its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign i want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back
,Recommended,304390,32780101,Posted: 25 June,all,robotindisguise1,This game has a ridiculous amount of potential. If only the community would at least try to help the devs save it.
,Recommended,304390,31205757,Posted: 17 April,all,Baby Rey,"Great game. I love it. It is dying fast, mostly because of Ubisoft. Hopefully they balance the game better. I would love to see it grow again."
,Not Recommended,304390,31284849,Posted: 21 April,all,Zekeman,Don't.... Just.. Don't.
,Recommended,304390,34274670,Posted: 16 August,all,Rocketman Max,"Haven't played too much of it but I can definitely see myself amassing over 20 hours in For Honor relatively soon. The combat of this game is truly it's most incredible asset - it is very unique, and works incredibly well while allowing skill-based combat in a tense and overwhelming war-like atmosphere. It also goes to show it's remarkable graphics and fantastic sound throughout the experience. I haven't played the story mode YET but I am sure I will at one point. Obviously, this game is multiplayer based (yet runs on peer-to-peer connections, which is stupid; didn't give me too much problems yet.) and the story mode was probably more of an afterthought. At least it's there. I definitely recommend giving this game a try (I was surprised though, to see only an average of 4000 players at any given time... regardless, it's enough to find a match on any of the game modes. My favourite game mode is Domination, similar to Conquest in the Battlefield series, in which you must capture 3 points in order to earn points, and kill your enemies if they try to retake the position. It's all truly excellent and addictive. There are quite a lot of characters to play as, and the game turns to feel more like a ""Mortal Kombat""esque game, but remains very unique in all aspects. You probably won't see a game like this around, and we must give a big thumbs up to Ubisoft for making something unique and fun.9/10"
,Recommended,304390,30292110,Posted: 3 March,all,Lucas,Game is awesome but servers are trash
76561198032956159,Not Recommended,304390,31194716,Posted: 17 April,all,Breedu,P2P ruined it for me.
,Not Recommended,304390,32239264,Posted: 7 June,all,louky,Uplay.
76561198036057103,Recommended,304390,32417197,Posted: 14 June,all,Ice,"For Honor was supposed to be one of Ubisoft's greatest multiplayer experiences, adding in a deep combat system with very intricate details that were imperative to your success against other people.  That, however, is not entirely the case.  When ""For Honor"" was announced to have a beta, people were losing their minds over what could've been one of the most played multiplayer games of 2017, but on launch day there were a few issues that brought the game's hype down to a fairly negative light.  To be clear, I did and still do find this game fun, but some of the preliminary bugs the game experienced most likely caused an early failure on the game's part.One of the most prominent early issues involved the peer to peer connection system, which can be made good.  Nearly every match started with either one or multiple persons being disconnected from the match and having to search for a new game, only to have the problem repeat itself over and over again.  And for the people who didn't disconnect immediately after joining, they were met with up to a minute of ""Host disconnected.  Searching for new Host...""  It was extremely tedious and was most likely the cause of so many people writing this game off in the early stages of patches.To Ubisoft's credit, the game has been out for several months now, and they've fixed this system (for the most part).  However, they recently have added two new heroes to their roster of twelve, and I'll be damned if they aren't the most played and most complained about heroes I've ever witnessed in a multiplayer game.One of the new heroes, the Centurion, is a part of the Knight faction and is a ""Melee-Specialist"" whilst being described as ""Mix-Up Intensive"".  What the game doesn't tell you about this hero immediately, is that the Centurion is a monster in any 4v4 gamemode (Dominion, Skirmish, Elimination).  Even if you don't take item stats into consideration, he is able to consistently output damage to anyone in his line of sight, as he is equipped with more than enough unblockable attacks to stunlock any opponent.  Revenge is basically pointless against a Centurion, as his kick punishes people who use it, knocking you out of the un-attackable state you are put into upon activation.  He's not impossible to play against, but he appears to be a bit too powerful in 4v4 gamemodes at the moment.The second character released is the Shinobi, an Assassin for the Samaurai faction and is currently called ""The most broken hero in existence"".  Ask anyone who has fought a Shinobi in the first week or two of his release and they'll tell you about his kit and why he seems to be almost impossible to play against at times.  The Shinobi's kit is too diverse, I believe, and that allows him to be even MORE mix-up intensive than the Centurion.  The Shinobi is a monster in any gamemode currently, with his ranged guardbreak and his vortexes that he can execute almost endlessly.  If Ubisoft finds a way to somehow fix this hero even slightly, then it will be a bit more bearable to fight against more than one Shinobi.The final point I have to bring up about this game is that it IS fun (for me personally).  You can have incredibly fun matches, as well as incredibly frustrating matches.  I would recommend you play this game with friends, since it is a very team-based objective game at its core.  Matchmaking-wise, here's some problems:-Almost no one does the 2v2 gamemode anymore, as the population for this game died down quite a bit-The largest amount of the player-base is doing either 1v1's or Dominions-There is no true matchmaking system, everyone you fight from this point on will be very experienced in the game's mechanics, so you will have to learn from losses before you can truly understand how people play-The Season pass grants access to the newest characters added to the roster, but to those who don't have $40 to spend mindlessly, or have the willpower to save up 15,000 steel (the in-game currency), they will have no way to look at the characters' movesets, lest they look it up onlineAside from all of these negatives I am posting, I truly do enjoy this game and have been playing it regardless of my win/loss ratio.  But it is a hardcore competitive multiplayer experience, so if you do not like starting out as a new player against a huge population of skilled players, then you might pass this game over in the long run.I give this game an 8/10.  I enjoy the game, but it can be frustrating at times to fight people who can easily stomp you into the dirt.  Matchmaking is non-existant, the fanbase has dropped drastically since it's release in February 2017, and new(er) heroes can be unfair to play against especially if you can't find their moveset."
,Not Recommended,304390,32237087,Posted: 7 June,all,MallowBerry,"I really wanted this game to be good but I have a few major issues, but first the good points.-Looks great-It has really solid mechanicsThats about it.My major problems with the game are the following-No dedicated servers.-""Free DLC Characters"" That actually take ages to grind for.-No real semblance of balance-If you are new good luck finding someone to play with at your skill level-Toxic people left and rightIts just garbage now, it had so much potential but whatever."
76561198081360905,Not Recommended,304390,29949814,Posted: 15 February,all,warming up for esea so idgaf,"It's a decent game, but I wish I never got into it. It's not worth buying or getting into because of the Peer to Peer networking. Half of 4v4 matches end up with the game ending and you getting 0 exp from it because people leave. You get stuck waiting for the connection every 5 seconds. It's horrible because from what I know there is no leaver penalty and as soon as a team starts to lose, they disconnect and boom the game ends, you get 0 exp. Even if the game doesn't end, half of the time you end up getting a laggy game where nothing registers.If the game had dedicated servers I'd give it a 8.5/10 but with peer to peer, I give it a 2/10 and reccommend nobody buys it, especially for a rip off price of 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,304390,29999062,Posted: 17 February,all,SirFungi,"The game seems to be very fun but it's just too difficult.  People who spend hours on it get really good, which leaves the casual players to lose every battle.  For hardcore games only."
,Not Recommended,304390,29999389,Posted: 17 February,all,Coth,"The game is just not there yet, playerbase seems small, so I get mixed with people from the other end of the world which creates a lagfest, dominion playmode doesnt make any sense at all and in general it feel unfinished.Pretty graphics though.At the moment STAY AWAY."
,Not Recommended,304390,30006270,Posted: 18 February,all,Tetsuo,"Don't buy. It's full of problems.Connection Issue, Bug, Weird Controller mapping. Feels like an Early Access game. Wait a few months. And tbh you are not missing anything. It's a ubisoft game. You are bound to be disappointed. Buy some other game with that money."
,Not Recommended,304390,29950750,Posted: 15 February,all,Xenophage,"This game is a purely multiplayer experience with a total throwaway single player campaign, and the matchmaking is so terrible it can take 20 minutes to even start a game - and even then you're lucky if it doesn't drop your♥♥♥♥♥due to a connectino error, or a single person deciding to quit.  It's got great combat mechanics, great animations, and great artwork, but everything else is a dismal failure.Do not buy this game, you'll regret it."
76561198061936200,Not Recommended,304390,30899721,Posted: 2 April,all,Wildsniper911,"If you want to be lose your money then buy this game. Very fun, but unfortunately the matchmaking is the biggest issue.I should have refunded the game the day I bought it, but I was stupid enough to believe Ubisoft would fix the issues. After update 1.04 I was unable to find any match and I am really getting tired of playing against the bots.Thanks Ubisoft you guys have very good ideas for games but you can't implement them to save your lives, you should probably hire better programmers."
76561198203685107,Not Recommended,304390,30902868,Posted: 2 April,all,ElectroEsper,"This game is really, REALLY, fun, The gameplay in this is brilliant and (most) of the community is good. The only problem is that it is completely unplayable.There are disgustingly terrible connection issues. The game is an online only game so this is a fundamental failure of one of the most core aspects of the game, as every match you will get booted out because of some vague ""connection error"". This also becomes an issue for the singleplayer story mode, as it will only be able to save your progress while it is connected to the servers, which I found out the hard way when I completed the story offline, but then was sent back about halfway through - losing all of my progress from that point onward - when I was reconnectedI would have loved to give this game a reccomendation, as it has a very intricate and unique fighting system and very unique heroes, but it has gotten to the point where this issue with connectivity has left me and a lot of other people very disappointed. It is an issue that seriously harms this game's potential and needs immediate fixing for me to be able to truly enjoy it.4/10"
76561198014094706,Not Recommended,304390,30677691,Posted: 22 March,all,Breadfiend,"This game, while mechanically amazing, completely and utterly fails in several areasMatchingmaking is peer to peer, meaning you frequently get dropped from games. They also have this really dumb system where if more than half the lobby leaves in between games, instead of populating the lobby with bots till more players join, which it does if someone leaves a game, it boots you from the lobby back to the main menu.Furthermore, the skill matching is a joke. ""Skill"" matching is completely non-existant. Want to learn a new character? Tough, here's a full team of max gear players to♥♥♥♥♥♥on you. Added to this is the absolutely ridiculous decision to add stat bonuses to the game that effect things like damage, meaning that a new player can effectively get killed in two hits by a higher level player.Finally, there is the microtransactions. An estimate is that it would take either $700 dollars of the purchasable in-game currency ""steel"" or, roughly 3 years of game time to unlock all the cosmetic crap thats already in the game.I wish I could get the time I spent playing this game back"
76561198123591769,Not Recommended,304390,31210925,Posted: 17 April,all,LivingwithKyrainahotel,♥♥♥♥ING HORRIBLE
,Not Recommended,304390,30667112,Posted: 22 March,all,tivus,suck my ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and unbalnced game
,Not Recommended,304390,31137116,Posted: 14 April,all,Bad Mind,"This game WAS decently funny when it was in Beta and during the first 2 weeks after release.It really was.Not many people abused/exploited the gameplay's flaws.Not many people knew the unbalanced classes and followed the pseudo-""meta"" (talking about meta on a game like this is really sad).Not many people spammed over and over and over and over the same 1-2 winning cheap shots.It was a casually good fighting game, there were some good players but the game has a  matchmaking system that SHOULD put you in balanced games and not against wonder boys.So why do I not recommend this game, even though there aren't other medieval fighting games out there?Why I suggest you to not throw away 60 bucks on a 2017 game that works onP2PandHAS NOT DEDICATED SERVERS?1) The game is freaking unbalancedThe simpliest reason ever. This game is poorly balanced.There are heroes that could spam you Light Attacks over and over without any backfire and others who struggle to change their guard to the direction you need to.There are heroes that basically kill you with 1 combo loop (or ""vortex"" as the pros say) and even if you escape, they have lounging attacks that are unlikely dodgeable/blockable that hit hard as trucks.There are heroes who have attacks so fast and powerful that you wonder who's the Lead Designer and why does it make sense.2) The heroes' gameplay is now reduced to use lame insta-win movesAnd that's it.Every hero has many moves and attacks, but you'll see players use only 1-2 of them because they land 80% of the time unless you basically turtle.Which sucks, because many of those heroes have awesome combos or moves, they just don't pay off ""TO WIN ZOMFG"".And that's because -> see point 33) The community is made of kids/young adults who are the most unfriendly, rude and sad people on EarthYou'll end up with/against people who flame after 1 Round because of intellectual topics like ""you spam headbutts"" ""you spam shove noob"" ""wow you're good only against noobs"" ""f*** u I hate X and Y class"".Or, when things are better than this, you'll only end up by beign bashed for ledging someone, or because you simply lost so you deserve to be insulted/humiliated with ""ez"" ""noob"" ""rekt"" ""**k u turd"" ""haha git gud"" ""you deserve cancer"" and other friendly warning about why you shouldn't play this game.Last but not least4) Cheating and hacking is becoming more and more popularObviously not everyone do it, but it's increasing.Why is it increasing? Because this game, on February, was played by roughly 50k players on Steam, now it's played but 5k players because this game seems fun, but it doesn't take much to understand how bad this game is designed and how the community is even worse.Because on this game everyone want to ""WIN ZOMFG"", so they can belittle other people on a videogame about knights samurais and vikings fighting each other, and show everyone how cool and strong they are at the cost of ruining the game and make 45k people leave.So you'll see those who can parry every attack from every single class or situation (even the Wardens top attack counter), those who abuse the lag to hit you without getting hit, those who counter guard breaks after getting parried and things like that.If you've read the whole review, let me tell you this: you'll have fun on this game for the first 2 weeks, maybe 3 or even 4.But trust me, unless you're goddamn skilled and have god-like reflexes or hacks, you'll only get bored of a bad matchmaking system that put you with people who shouldn't play with you or, worst case scenario, with cheaters.Bored of beign forced to play in a certain way/certain heroes to achieve something or, simply, to lose because of ""weird"" things.That's my opinion, I'm sure there are many others who like this game but for me is like eating a pile of s**t."
76561198149238626,Not Recommended,304390,30420362,Posted: 9 March,all,JasonKeeew,"I played this game in the open beta. Absolutely loved it. Had a little problem with the connection but its all rightBought this game when it was released and played it for an hour or so... if you call ""playing"" waiting to join sessions...Asked for a refund and was approved. Its been three weeks going to four and I've still not gotten my refund yet.,, What the hell....."
,Not Recommended,304390,30093838,Posted: 21 February,all,DethEtiquette,"This game is terrible. Combat can work for 1v1s only. Group fights are complete spam cancer and have no skill involved period. Do not waste your money for this game. It only has a handful of modes and it does not have 12 maps. It has 6 dueling maps and 6 dominion maps. Too bad it takes longer than 2 hours to realize how much of a rip the game is in the end. Even months later the P2P connectivity issues persists and there's little being done about it. There's no 'get gud' aspect to this game. It's either play the OP class and spam the same combo to win, or die. You don't get a sense of fulfillment when you kill someone you just feel like you got done running uphill with weights tied to your ankles."
,Not Recommended,304390,30217915,Posted: 27 February,all,Frangitus,Deus non vult vos ludens.
,Not Recommended,304390,32324170,Posted: 10 June,all,Subtrekt,"The servers are complete trash. Like, who the hell thought making an unplayable game is a good idea?"
,Not Recommended,304390,31053893,Posted: 9 April,all,R.0.M.E.0,aah.....Such an injustice to this beautiful game.........Connection error and unbalanced heroes.......with spams ...and tons of spams............May you rot in hell UBISOFT !!!!
76561198047920952,Not Recommended,304390,30459802,Posted: 11 March,all,rob.wheeler.mit,"It is sad to see a game with so much potential be frequently unplayable due to connection/matchmaking/etc issues.I have no problem playing MMOs, MOBAs, etc. with my PC, so I'm fairly certain it is a problem with For Honor and the P2P hosting."
76561198084288975,Not Recommended,304390,30953388,Posted: 4 April,all,NI Max,"One word sums this game up ""Wank"""
76561198008242319,Not Recommended,304390,30957376,Posted: 5 April,all,Jackdaw [Riot*],"Ok, this is genuinely my own opinions, i know there are lots of negative press about this game but this review genuinely is my own experiences.Lets start with micro transactions (popular subject), simply put the comments made by others is true, game has the unlocks rediculously priced and wayy too many unlocks. alot being said on this so moving right along.single player -  single player is too brief, i know its not marketed as a single player game, but i did enjoy the story and they way the game had been put into setting but yeh in my own opinion its way too short.server stability/game performance - this (and point below) is where this game truely has earned my annoyance, im tired as soon as anyone leaves the match that you spend 5-6 seconds resyncing network connections.... i dont get why..... like at all, someone in development of this game really messed up here, constant resync's (even when people dont leave) disconnects etc etc and general♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game performance.Matchmaking - If they f.up with server performance.... they really f.up matchmaking, first of all it takes an age to find a group, well way longer than it should, it changes all the setting you pick, changes it to all skill levels etc etc wtf is the point in that.Then you have the balance of prestige/rank/gear scored players.... or lack of, im tired of joining a game and seeing 4 ranked 5+ prestige with gearscores over 100 against me and 3 other guys who are trying a class for the first time you then join a game only to be 2 shot with light attacks by a nobushi on your raider.... yeh really fun.Combat -  nothing negative here, the combat itself is good, as normal some classes are overpowered compared to others (And it has taken waaayyy to long for patch to try balance stuff out to happen)Community - alot of the players can be pretty toxic/racist/homophobic and yes you can report them..... nothing and i repeat nothing is done about it, my advice is to simply ignore chat, like totally ignore it."
76561198090728136,Not Recommended,304390,29950751,Posted: 15 February,all,BannerMan,"DO NOT BUY YETWhile it is a great game, best ive ever played. The muiltplayer is so BROKEN its unplayable.-Matchmaking takes so long and 9 times out of 10 it disconets-Of the 5 matches i have got into in 2 hours of trying only finished 1 due to server disconeting-teams are so one sided, most the time people just quit. (constently get put in a match where im a lv 10 with 3 bots vs 4 lv30s)"
76561198322117142,Not Recommended,304390,29954605,Posted: 15 February,all,zaegan2005,"wait a couple weeks to see if they fix the server issues an if the game is even still alive. allowing purchase of in game currency with real money is pretty scummy too, especially on a full price title."
,Not Recommended,304390,30668941,Posted: 22 March,all,Mohrrix,"I played it first during the Closed Beta at the end of January... First impressions ranged from very bad to horrible, but after an hour or 2 I got the basics down and it started becoming fun. I was destroying people left and right, even made many people rage quit, same goes for the Open Beta.I was really hyped in the anticipation. After it came out I played it as much as I could for about 2 and a half weeks, it was pretty good and really fun, the Peer to Peer and the ""pay to win"" aspect didn't bother me since I mostly did 1v1s and 2v2s, where those 2 aren't an issue at all.The gameplay is really solid, but after those first 2 and a half weeks I hadn't felt the need to play the game at all, I didn't play it for over 2 weeks and finally after I did play it, I only had a couple of 1v1 matches which I won, but I decided to close the game...I have lost absolutely all interest in this game, and Idk why, maybe it's the poor balancing, but then again I played the 2 characters that are considered the ""top-tier meta"". I wasn't loosing either, my W/L ratio is in the top 2% of all For Honor players, but alas, I just don't feel any interest in continuing to play the game.The reason why I don't recommend the game is because for anyone who's looking to get into the game at this point in its lifespan, be warned that pretty much all the players who still play it are harcore players who have been playing the whole time and have mastered the combat completely, newbies will get their asses kicked like there's no tommorow. That is mostly attributed to the fact that the game simply doesn't explain the more intricate parts of the combat, so newer players will easily get discouraged after a few hours of only taking LsHonestly, for what the game offers, 60€ is simply too much, and it is a really good game, it's just that Ubisoft found a way to ruin it..."
76561198085182353,Recommended,304390,30188904,Posted: 25 February,all,BRO | Sir Drum,"Singleplayer starts real cool, then starts to suck, but then gets really cool, then it randomly ends.Multiplayer:- People complaining about the connection issues are just wrong. They are not gamebreaking and very rarely occur.- High skill cap- Very punishing- Lacks content and pay to win factor in 4v4 modes. (As if 80$ wasn't enough already ya greedy blokes)- Very strong AI (the AI is still sometimes better than me)- Overral very funThe game is what it shows to be, so don't be expecting any cool surprises. It presents what it delivers, and that is all."
76561198046329103,Not Recommended,304390,30365661,Posted: 6 March,all,Fleshie,"Do you wanna put 60$ into a hollo aweful campaign with poor voice acting and terrible plot? Wanna put 60$ into PTP connection where you drop over half your games? Wanna put, 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars into a game where people spam a single guard break spam combo and repeat this over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over over and over  then♥♥♥♥♥♥talk you for being bad? Then look no further for probably the worst AAA title game, or steam game over all ive ever payed full price for. Avoid this♥♥♥♥♥♥and really look for some other mideavil game. This game has such amazing potential. It is beyond beutiful, but its gameplay is also good unless you find those who spam single move of shield bashing or stuns to get a free 50% of your health hit. The higher the level the more it starts to turn into a pay to win mmo where who has the most ♥♥♥♥ing broken gear can use their ""revenge"" move every three hits and get more free hits! Steer clear of this mess"
,Not Recommended,304390,30700142,Posted: 24 March,all,Damien,"This game is a big disappointing. The match making system is horrible and there are no dedicated servers. This is the reason why you should wait 5 minutes every time you start a multi player game. And after the match, if it could finish successful because of the big amount of network problems and errors, some players left the ""party"" and the match can't start again because you have not enough players and you will be phroven back to the multiplayer map of all fractions and should start again to search for a new match.This is the same _s_h_i_t_ like CoD have done with network _s_h_i_t_. Just because they want to safe money.And money is a big hint. A ingame shop in a full priced game is a big NO GO!Edit: after some updates this piece of crapware is still so slow as at the beginning. Match making is still a big bug and throw you to matches where other are much more experienced then you and you are just meet for there weapons."
76561198120531803,Not Recommended,304390,32487950,Posted: 16 June,all,CHUROx,"Don't even bother, that's it."
,Recommended,304390,34273966,Posted: 16 August,all,.:KanTuZa:.,good
,Not Recommended,304390,30272976,Posted: 1 March,all,Jack,I never really write game reviews but this game falls under that exception. In all honesty this game is a complete pile of trash. Imagine a game with strong foundation to build upon and then just completely fails by the developers/publishers execution. The game in its core for as a fighting game is horribly balanced. Pay2win mechanics in a game that is already $60 bucks is a shameful tactic that any developer  with a ounce of self respect wouldn't use. Ubisoft once again manages to take a decent game♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it with server problems and then make it pay2win who would of guessed.
,Recommended,304390,29950806,Posted: 15 February,all,WanaBK8,"THIS REVIEW IS QUITE LONG, IF YOU DON'T WANT TO READ IT ALL, SCROLL TO THE CONCLUSION.Updated Review: Edit 2For all those giving this game a bad reputation, there are circumstances of which that apply ONLY to those people. So, do keep that knowledge in mind when considering this game. Connection issues have been addressed and Ubisoft is planning dedicated servers for the game, so hold on tight as peer 2 peer should dissapear anytime! (haha i rhymed). The ""Grind"" of this game really isn't that rough, if anything the people who complain about this game being a huge grind simply are playing too much and are tryharding, like any other fighting game, this isn't meant to be played 12 hours a day. Micro-transactions are Not Required, I personally have only bought the game itself, and after a while (I'd estimate after 40 - 50 hours), I bought the season pass, because I enjoyed the game. Otherwise, everything i've done so far have been a result of the ingame boosts, aka Orders, that update Daily and Every 3 Days. Aswell as a few compensation rewards of Premium Time.Now, for the supposed ""Microtransactions are  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" arguement people are making. All you jackasses doing that arguement, are a bunch of dip♥♥♥♥♥. Nobody is forcing you WHATSOEVER to buy anything past the 60 - 100 dollars you spend on this game. If you want to get that extra boost you want, go ahead and spend money, its not a bad game truly. However you can also do what i do, get on, do the orders to get your daily 800 steel, and maybe do a 1500 xp order or two if you have time. This way, you get short bursts of the game, and you progress at a relatively quick pace, and at the same time you also avoid the rage that you meet with PVP, which i personally avoid since i've never been a fan of PVP (the only issue i have with PVE is i want to set the difficulty of the AI atleast).Continueing upon the last paragraph, I have 157 hours sunk into the game. In that time I have four heros at Rep 1, One at Rep 5, One at Rep 3. Keep in mind, all I do is PvE of which however does not give lesser rewards than PvP. As for the grind, to be honest it is not bad whatsoever. I think the easiest and quickest way to grind is 2v2 Brawls PvE, so grab a friend and enjoy, you'll get to rep 1 quick, easy peasy. As A reminder however (which may seem repitetive) This games microtransactions are NOT MANDATORY, aswell as i've said already, nobody is forcing you. If you don't have the patience to grind then don't play all the time, as i say at the end of the review, play the game on and off, or atleast just do the daily's which really take you 5 minutes or so. Personally, I'm starting to play this game everyday because I love the game, its fun. I have NOT bought ANY microtransactions whatsoever, the only product i've bought for this game besides the game itself is the Season  Pass, which definately saves time if you want to get the new heros and the sort. Finally however, we need to remember that this is Ubisoft, and now that i've paid attention to not only this game but their other games such as Rainbow Six Siege, these developers are dedicated. They aren't going to drop the game and they aren't going to let it die without a fight.From what I know however Ubisoft is making fixes, they are going to be adding a dedicated server for the game at last, so all your internet issues should finally be gone once that is here. Now you may argue, they should have done that when they released the game! Yes they should have, but who are we to blame for the game being released in the state that it was? The Board of Directors of Ubisoft for one, and for two, you guys, the player base. It has been proven time and time again that the player base is a huge mess for the majority of games ,always rushing developers for products and ultimately releasing a failure that must be updated on a regular basis to keep the players happy.Game Stuffs though.The campaign isn't the greatest i will agree, but if you go through it once you do get up to 7000 steel and thats on any difficulty, so its not that bad in the end. Not only this, atleast you get a campaign in a 60 dollar multiplayer game unlike other popular games at this price. The story i feel is fullfilling in its purpose, a backstory that leads up to why the multiplayer is how it is. However i feel that they should introduce a second campaign that refreshes us on the events, maybe like an expansion pack that continues upon the story, and maybe even adds a few modes and the sort. (Most of you will argue though ""Its Ubisoft so it'll probably be another 60 dollars"", yes that is understandable but again if you make an entirely new campaign you should make money off of it since you are practically making half a game, especially if they add more modes and the sort.)Multiplayer on the other hand is a different beast. You have currently 16 characters to choose from, each cost 500 steel, except the season pass characters, which again varies on your determination and the sort. Each character plays differently and therefore its up to you on which you like the best, which also means its up to you to train yourself against the other characters, you'll only get more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if you don't know jack squat about your enemies, as Sun Tzu says ""If you know thine self and know thine enemy, then you need not fear the results of a hundred battles, if you know thine self but not thine enemy, then for every victory you will also suffer a defeat, if you know not thine self nor thine enemy, then you shall succumb in every battle.""ConclusionIn conclusion, I believe what Ubisoft has here is a great game with tremendous potential in the future. I also think it is likely that if the playerbase was restored that we would see a ""For Honor 2"". I would not be against a sequel to this game. So ultimately, my message is, quit being a bunch of crybabies, read the Art of War, play this game, and don't play it for hours on end, as they say, extended periods of gaming is unhealthy for you.This game requires ZERO microtransaction purchases, as i've stated, I have 157 hours in the game at the time of this edit, and I have made it quite a distance so far, and without the rage of PVP! So, in all honesty if you don't like the price of the game, wait for it to go on sale, this game will be around for a while so you'll have plenty of chances to buy it at a cheaper price.Ultimately, I hope that if you do buy the game, do enjoy the game. These developers worked hard to give us this product and they are dedicated to keeping the game running aswell as perfecting it for the player base to fully enjoy.Good Luck on the battlefield Crusaders, For Valhalla my Fellow Vikings, and Do not Dishonor Famiru great Samurai."
,Not Recommended,304390,30298173,Posted: 3 March,all,Beesoldier,"+ I was surprised that there even is a Story Mode, quite liked it, helps to get familiar with classes and game mechanics+ the combat system is really intense while different classes have their own sets of actions- every 3rd player is a guardbreak spammer- in 4v4 modes unfair fights are everywhere so the combat system is useless- armor and weapon stats easily break the game- matchmaking often is completely unfairbut the biggest issue by far is game and network stability when playing with friends.sometimes the invites dont worksometimes someone gets disconnected while joining a match... no rejoin functionsometimes network being restored in the middle of fighting... 5 times in a row, teleporting everyone a few seconds backsometimes someone gets disconnected in the middle of the gamefoken get rid of peer to peernow that ubisoft has our money i dont think they will get up and do something about it, sooooooafter all dont buy except you have a sturdy internet connection and want to play the story and duels"
,Not Recommended,304390,29918484,Posted: 14 February,all,kıçırıldın,"p2p,toxic community,op characters,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company, JUST STAY AWAY! and DONT BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30453764,Posted: 11 March,all,blah,Trust me and don't buy itSteam wont give me a refund.I have a list of hundreds of game i should've bought instead of this.
76561198008144750,Recommended,304390,30455697,Posted: 11 March,all,ascadian,"The first time I played this game, all I could say is wow. The combat is better than any game I have played. The graphics are great, and the gameplay feels smooth. However there are some serious issues with this game that didn't become evident until later. Mainly the multiplayer aspect, which in a game like this, would be high priority. The match making system is slow, and often matches up teams unfairly. Nine times out of ten when I quit to the world map, the game will hang and I am forced to close it down and reboot. During long dominion matches sometimes the game will freeze and I will again have to force quit, losing all my progress for the match. Waiting 10 minutes to join a multiplayer match, then have the game freeze on you halfway thru, is extremely frustrating and time wasting. The single player story mode is more like a tutorial than a story. I liked that my old logitech gamepad worked perfectly without any additional setup. Also the builtin voice chat is a good feature. Having to run both Steam and UPlay to play the game was also kind of annoying. Overall I think this game has some great potential, if Ubisoft continues to work on it, they could have something really great. As of right now, I think the price tag is too high, I would recommend purchasing it on sale if you can wait."
,Recommended,304390,29929484,Posted: 14 February,all,Chloe,"Season 3 patch update:Ubisoft is trying for once, they're actually adding balanced heroes and fixing bugs like ""unlock tech."" they've also added a ranked tournament, two new maps, and new weapons and armor to each hero. Ubisoft is trying, see? They deserve a better community for their game."
76561198085954992,Not Recommended,304390,30301923,Posted: 3 March,all,Snooprs,I have 30 hours ingame 20 of which are spent exiting a duel :)
76561198029641345,Not Recommended,304390,30379325,Posted: 7 March,all,Billywitchdoctor,"Awful P2P servers, games stops and starts all the time. Also, if REVENGE is not the most broken mechanic ever, idk what is. DO NOT GET THIS GAME."
76561198280379135,Not Recommended,304390,31663195,Posted: 10 May,all,fallen_x_bum,matchmaking needs to be fixed
76561198110661082,Not Recommended,304390,30750052,Posted: 26 March,all,GyaradosHunter,Disconnects half the time and either uneven matchmaking or crashes the other half. Game has potential but unfortunately Ubisoft made it.
76561198042071607,Recommended,304390,32245852,Posted: 7 June,all,Burly Man Dan,"Look at the time played on all these reviews, at the very least you can easily spend 100+ hours on this game before you know it.  It's a good game and the critisiscms come from everyone wanting it to be the great game we know it is.Just remember:Git GudandJust Dodge"
,Recommended,304390,32246038,Posted: 7 June,all,ℱallin'ℭave,"DEUS VULT !I am loving this game,right now, i'm maining the Conqueror the ex-convict badass using a flail destroy his enemies the only way he knows how, bludgeoning them to death."
,Recommended,304390,32239311,Posted: 7 June,all,Tatourmi,"For Honor is a very interesting and unique light fighting game with some of the best animation work seen yet. It is not a perfect game, there are still some balance and connectivities issues that remain to this day, but they are only going to get better as the game's life goes on, and it is still one of the most refreshing and enjoyable experiences I have had in an online game, period."
,Recommended,304390,30131837,Posted: 23 February,all,Somethings in my EYE!,"Game's gameplay is great, and the spammable movers and infinite combos are slowly geting patched to be less effective. However the biggest problem with this game is the peer to peer connection which causes lag SUPER often. Honestly I recommend this game for the combat, but it's so hard to do so with the connection issues."
76561198065618556,Recommended,304390,31505439,Posted: 2 May,all,Cl4b,Hi thanks for reading my review I hope it helpsThis game is in my opinion a failure due to its multiplayer problemshowever I personally enjoy its campaignThe combat system is also something I get a lot of joy out ofThe art and visual effects are very well doneand the hard difficulty was something fierceThis leads me to say that I got my moneys worth and to endorse it as a gamejust dont buy it for the multiplayeryou will be sad
,Recommended,304390,30105914,Posted: 22 February,all,Shromp,It's fun.Except for all the times when the game decides to stop a session.
76561198175683538,Not Recommended,304390,31461479,Posted: 30 April,all,MaKi,Game: 9/10Servers: 0/10community: -5/10
,Not Recommended,304390,30415278,Posted: 9 March,all,Ponyポニー,"This game is very fun to be sincere. Skill based, great graphics, and even has a campaign for a multiplayer heavy game. However after playing for 20 hours, I will let you all know that this is one of the games I regreat buying the most. It's a great dissapointment. Online gameplay becomes very repetitive after a while. The gear and equipment system with leveling makes the game very unbalanced, meaning that new players who play the game will suffer a lot. A ton of farming, grind to just get something good, and don't forget, if you try a new charcter, you need to start from level 1.WORST OF ALL: IT'S 2017, WHY DO WE HAVE A MULTIPLAYER HEAVY GAME BE P2P!!! I CAN RARELY FIND A GOOD GAME WITH GOOD CONNECTION. FIGHTS BECOME VERY UNFAIR WHEN THE HOST LANDS ALL THEIR HITS WHEN YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BLOCK THEM.WANNA WIN A GAME? OH NO! HOST DISCONNECTS, BOTS TAKE OVER AND SOMEHOW THEY ARE STRONGER THAN REAL PLAYERS. OR HOSTS DISCONNECTS AND SOMEHOW YOUR ENEMY YOU JUST KILLED COMES BACK TO LIFE.TONS OF MICROTRASCTIONS TOO IN THE STORE!! 4 v 4 IS PAY TO WIN!!!!UBISOFT PLEASE, YOU RUINDED ONE OF THE BEST GAMES YOU GUYS RELEASED!! IT'S A JOKEFix this game now, or refund me my $. Or else I will tell everyone to not buy this game. The amount of players playing this has already died down so much.Btw, this is the only review I've ever used caps on. Ubisoft plz."
76561198046018650,Recommended,304390,30047023,Posted: 19 February,all,Col.Hydrogen,"Pros:- Aesthetically beautiful- Very well optimized- Excellent combat mechanics- High level of customization- Fun...Cons:- Microstransactions? (I don't really see that as a con, but some people do)- Networking is♥♥♥♥♥♥ same as R6S."
,Recommended,304390,30046950,Posted: 19 February,all,Koderious,"I binge played all weekend, I have a horrible 3mb DL internet connection and a mid range PC. I barely ever got disconnected and game runs beautifully and smooth. I'm recommending for the gameplay and optimization alone. Ain't no way id ever pay for that ridiculous 40 buck season pass and man, there are some nerds on this game lmao, but it is fun and rewarding when you get those executions.When it comes to money and games, I go by the dollar per hour of gameplay rule, I will definitely play 60+ hours in this game."
,Recommended,304390,30047059,Posted: 19 February,all,Sarcasticat,"This game is quite fun in the right circumstances, I wouldn't try playing if you don't have a better than normal computer, the game does support Nvidia, and thus forth, might not work too well if you have a different card. Many see this game as something with many issues, but it is a fun game. I think in a whole, if it was made by someone other than Ubisoft, it would have less problems, but this is what we are left with. In my opinion, it's worth 60 dollars, only because I really like the game, but you can easily hate it, it depends on the type of gamer you are, if you are a fan of Dark Souls, then you will love this, but if you like FPS games like Counter Strike, then you will probably hate it. I do often get connection problems, but it's a new game, it needs time to grow and fix all the bugs."
,Not Recommended,304390,34707110,Posted: 3 September,all,Madao,"Welp, it's time for me to write review of my own. ( Yes, I know that my engrish is broken, just as this game. )When I met this game the first time I wanted to buy it so bad. It looked fresh and somewhat unique, though I was a bit hesitant when I saw ubi as publisher. Not that I don't believe they can make something good, it just seems to me that their slogan is ""Make money, not games"" for a long time. Still, I decided to give this game a try. Was it a mistake? Well, despite of all it's flaws this game was fun at the very beginning. As it stands now, I would recommend anyone not to buy this game. Here's why.As I see it, this game has two major problems:BalanceThe way devs address issuesThere are also some minor problems, most of which are results of the major ones.Let's start with the second one. It took eternity for devs to fix some issues, some issues were never addressed at all. Some issues should've never been the case in the first place. Let's take a quick look at few issues.The netcode. It was really bad for a long time. Somebody left mid-match? Then you were lucky if match was still going, 'cause most of the times match was over for everyone with net error. It made me abandon 4x4 mods, though even duels had issues of its own. As for now, I encounter net problems rarely enough for them not to trouble me.Something that was never addressed at all? Well, I could say about flicker bug, though it's not that bad and devs say it's gonna be fixed, whatever. I'll say about match reset bug. It's here since season 2, and it seems, devs doesn't even know about it.A small one, but... WTF, ubi? How can you release a character without even testing him properly? I'm talking about highlander and his gb, of course. Yes, by now it's fixed, but how could it be the case in the first place?Now let me tell you a something about balance. There is none.Some characters are almost useless, such as Kensei, who has only one useful move, which is easy to counter. Some were nerfed to the ground, such as Shinobi, can only light-spam, everything else leading to massive punishment. Some exist for no reason. Saying that I mean Shugoki. Can only rely on counterattacks and oneshot-move, yes, risky one, but no one will use it, unless it's guaranteed. Some are fine and balanced. At least devs say so. I'm talking about Centurion who can deal a great amount of damage after one mistake, thus killing anyone in two punishments total. For Shinobi one is enough, by the way. Some have completely safe moves great amount of fast moves, unblockable moves, fast moves interrupting other actions and dealing damage at the same time. I'm talking about gladiator or course. And to top it all, both centurion and gladiator can punish OOS very hard while posessing moves that drain stamina, while having a lot of stamina for themselves.It's normal for game to have some problems with character balance, and it's not normal when devs just don't care about those. They say, they're gonna rebalance everything, but I'm tired to for this already.I hope that this game will be balanced and will become a good game, but I don't believe it will ever happen. \thread"
,Not Recommended,304390,31987301,Posted: 26 May,all,Local Disk(C:)>Pictures>Hentai,"Ubisoft has done thier best to ruin a perfectly good game. I've spent a lot of time playing and I honestly could not recomend this game to a friend. The idea of the game is great, and mechanically its all there, but I can not deal with Pier to Pier connections. When I hop on to try and finish an order but can't because I disconnect from every game I join, or when I can't do the co-op campaign because we get disconnected every 5 minutes, just because Ubisoft won't run dedicated servers it kinda ruins the game. I don't have a terrible or unreliable internet connection because this is the only game I've ever expirienced a problem with it. They added in 2 new characters which is great, but you either need the $40 season pass or you need to pay the equivilent of $15 of in game currency just to play them. They said that all maps and characters would be free but that doesn't sound free to me. The reason for me writing this review is not because I want to discourage people from buying the game but in hopes that Ubisoft will do something about the problems."
76561198131242573,Not Recommended,304390,32083823,Posted: 31 May,all,Leaded,Not worth
76561198007674701,Not Recommended,304390,31894213,Posted: 21 May,all,Radiation,Best waitng for a game simulator ever! 10/10Just click and watch as nothing happen! Great way to spend an afternoon.OR play against AI for no experience! (As this feature has been broken for weeks with no communication from Ubisoft).
,Not Recommended,304390,30218434,Posted: 27 February,all,Uchiha Madara,"If you like♥♥♥♥♥♥communities, buy it right away because almost all people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The community in-game is one flavour, and that is salt. I would only recommend this game if you don't care about the other people, since the matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥and you come up against higher opponents than you're supposed too."
76561198032962220,Recommended,304390,30050960,Posted: 19 February,all,Deathfathem,"Enjoyable. Some classes need fixing, and if you came to fight fair you might as well stick to 1V1s. Most people in Dominion and Elimination games have No Honor.Overall Im having fun with it."
76561197979872683,Not Recommended,304390,31593402,Posted: 6 May,all,dim3tapp,"Everyone talks crap about the game's connections issues, or price of customizations, or balance, but really nothing has been more disappointing than how aggressively support is instructed not to help their playerbase.Whether it's an honest mistake because of poorly layed out UI or a gameplay affecting bug that invalidates hours upon hours of playtime, Ubisoft support has tried their hardest to not help in any way possible.The game is so much fun, but I am disgusted by the customer service, The only thing I can do is give this game a negative review for wasting my time in and out of the game."
,Not Recommended,304390,32080913,Posted: 31 May,all,Guano,MOST PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING GAME. UBISOFT. SAY NO ♥♥♥♥ING MORE.♥♥♥♥♥♥ UTTER.♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30026186,Posted: 18 February,all,matty mcbillions,Seriously? Micro transactions? On a game that is already overpriced with undedicated servers?Ubisoft takes more money than a semite in a cash grab box.
76561198012496389,Not Recommended,304390,31344498,Posted: 24 April,all,DirtyBush Rage,"Don't trust Ubisoft they said. It sounds like an awesome game but they'll find a way they said. Oh god did they find a way to **** it up too. P2P is inexcusable, everytime I play I feel like it's being run from a guy in moscow yelling at his younger brother to hold the ethernet cord higher to get better reception, while drinking vodka to double the framrates. **** Ubisoft, **** us all and **** me I still love this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30074571,Posted: 21 February,all,Judge Kek,An awful matchmaking system and poorly made balancing decisions have already been the downfall of this game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30237135,Posted: 28 February,all,Xime Masheen,"This game doesnt deserve to be so good. I stopped playing after realizing I had 40+ hours played and only 5 hours played in multiplayer due to connection issues (did not play any single player). I wasted $60 on this game, dont do the same."
,Not Recommended,304390,34700976,Posted: 2 September,all,NotTheFuhrer,♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT♥♥♥♥ YOU SO ♥♥♥♥ING MUCH FOR MAKING MILLIONS WASTE THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY ON A UNBALANCED UN BEARABLY LAGGY AND EASY TO HACK GAME♥♥♥♥ YOU FOR EVERY GAME YOU'VE MADETHIS GAME HAD SO MUCH POTENTIAL BUT NOW YOU HAVE OFFICIALLY MADE EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BESIDES UNO ♥♥♥♥ING UNO TERRIBLE ♥♥♥♥ YOU KILL YOURSELFS UBISOFT EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING ONE OF YOU SUCK FIX THE LAG FIX THE HACK FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONNECTION AND MOST OF ALL FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING DUMBASS BRAINS AND MAKE GOOD GAMES JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST
76561198061785002,Not Recommended,304390,30640982,Posted: 20 March,all,Zaccai,"I sit with my curser hovering over the play button considering if i should ""try"" to play this game, why the hesertation? Because of crap connection and having to wait ages for the match making....told my little brother about the issues and he said what do you expect from ubisoft.  Great brand recognition i feel i should insert some quip about being iconic.  Thing is i still really want to play this game except i usually end up quiting after ive been in the game for about 10 min and still havent been able to get into a game."
76561198086104183,Not Recommended,304390,30573625,Posted: 17 March,all,SkuLL,the most cancerous game ever existed
76561198065045490,Not Recommended,304390,33723648,Posted: 22 July,all,Din,Still a steaming pile of disconnects and desync. Dont bother
,Not Recommended,304390,33861713,Posted: 28 July,all,i see you,Not worth 60$ no players online cant find match.
76561198324978808,Not Recommended,304390,33857057,Posted: 28 July,all,Ciaran,Yet another great idea botched by Ubi.
,Not Recommended,304390,32936242,Posted: 28 June,all,Custard_Slice,"This is the first game in a long time that I have played over 100 hours in. The game for me was on first pickup was amazing, a “new style fighting game” I thought after only a few hours of playing I soon realised it’s as balanced as a ton of bricks vs 2 tiny feathers.The final nail in to coffin for me was the release of the two new heroes….it took an unbalanced game and made it even more so! To me this just showed that the devs don’t have a clue what they are doing or know full well what they are doing and are trying to bring people back with new OP characters. Either way it was a uninstall for me."
76561198050233850,Not Recommended,304390,31714533,Posted: 12 May,all,Battle Brother Aogysde,"The game is grat, but Ubisoft is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest company to have ever existed, I dont think anyone could beat them at freaking screwing up grat ideas. Sooo many design flaws, sooo many... ='("
,Recommended,304390,30352287,Posted: 6 March,all,GimmyJibs,Very gooodPeer2Peer is bad tho
,Recommended,304390,30118569,Posted: 23 February,all,YEEEEEEEEEEEEET,I love this game down to the last pixel the only bad thing i can say is that the game servers arnt the best and are sometimes annoying but if you can look past that i would say 10000000000000000/10 :D
,Not Recommended,304390,33930802,Posted: 31 July,all,Blueberry Muffin Massacre,"There is a fantastic system buried somewhere in this game where an in depth, rewarding, and challenging fighting game is hiding, but it's unreachable through microtransactions, broken characters and exploits, meta strategies, and incredibly poor peer to peer connectivity. With how much the playerbase has dropped, there is little to no reason to purchase this game. It really is a shame too, it had a lot of potential."
76561197972264901,Not Recommended,304390,34864722,Posted: 10 September,all,Mr.Tank,"The multiplayer is poorly optimized, every second game you are disconnected from the game without the ability to reconnect. Menu is terrible for the pc version of the game, it is really complicated to invite somebody to the party. Overall not worth the full price, probably not even more than 20€. There just is not enough content, and adding the mp perfomance problems this game is a no go."
,Recommended,304390,30988643,Posted: 6 April,all,Strange,"Probably one of the most innovative multiplayer competitive fighting games I've ever played in my entire life.However, there’s a catch. It is still quite young. And what I mean by that is, it has all the potential for failure down the road.We have yet to see how the game's multiplayer modes will grow, if they will be able to fix the extraordinary inconsistencies with networking. On the topic of networks, the matchmaking system is but in the infant stages, for a game of this caliber. For Honor has yet to prove itself to its community as a multiplayer game they will embrace over time. And, I would say so far it’s failing, but not as much as people may think (considering the negative feedback so far).I believe Ubisoft still has time, and they will attempt to fix all the issues. But can they do it effectively, efficiently and on-time? People love this game, no matter how much they swear at it or tell us they hate it. Also, the hate is just masked love. Why? Because the gameplay is phenomenal, and the graphics are stunning. Like I said, one of the most innovative online multiplayer fighting games I’ve encountered.I believe they will see, just like the Dota community in their beginning, that a ranked matchmaking system and a way to bench every player in the game with accuracy will be the greatest 'gamechanger' for most players. The final hook. And although popular demand resists it, Ubisoft isn’t stupid, they know this. And I believe they are also aware that in-order to do this, they will need to fix the networking inconsistencies completely. Players can't be DC'ing fifty-percent of every game.So what’s the future of For Honor? Well, my headlining final statement is that it’s cloudy with a chance of awesomeness. As an old Halo fan, still lurking in the shadows for a new game to sweep away all my spare time, I wonder if For Honor will finally unmasked master-chief and reveal his face as a combination of Samurai, Viking, and Knight.Yes, I know it’s not first person."
76561198006873070,Not Recommended,304390,30996910,Posted: 7 April,all,vaako,"High Tier Spamming WinsThis game encourages the spaming of one combo which easily becomes un-dodge or countertable once you don't have a perfect latency (which means nat connectifity yellow).The so called ""mind games"" aren't present at most times, especially when you are playing a warden or playing against one. All it consists of is spamming a ""too fast to parry"" attack to the side your enemy isn't currently blocking or keep them stun-locked in a shoulderbash-vortex that only ends when you die or the stamina drops to zero.Other classes might offer more depth you might think, and that is true. It still comes down to hammering one combo (warden, conquerer, berserk, nobushi) or cheese your way to through the oponents HP by dodge-attacking (Orochi, Kensei, Peacekeeper, Berserks) or having just too fast attacks/strong combos or too much range (Nobushi, Peacekeeper).Andthen there are the turtles which deal an incredible amount of damage (Shugoki, Lawbringer, Warlord). Those often offer another playstyle but this also comes down to countering and then punishing and that's it. Feinting also becomes a pure spam of more or less the same combination at which you feint one to three attacks until you finally land a hit, this continues until you win.).Pushing off ledges is the most frequent death you will die since all abysses seem to be black holes which start to suck you in once a small leather-part of your attire happens to touch the edge.The P2P makes reactions often impossible: It happens frequently that you clearly dodge or block at the right time but the P2P lag won't have it and you will do nothing and get facerolled by your oponent's attack.Framerate issues:even ifthe benchmarks shows you an average of 105 frames at your current settings you can expect them to drop down to 30-40 once there's a 4v4 game (which also limits your reactions immensly)Server issues will kick you and your friends regulary (up to 4 out of 4 matches) out of the match and they will also dissolve your group every time.The balance is plainly bad, fast classes that deal too much damage for their speed. Gear Statistics that buff the damage until 2-3 hits will kill you.The best example of how few the devs seem to understand balancing: A Shugoki can oneshot everyone once he has reached critical life. The attack he then performs must be dodged and can'T be interrupted by anything. Combined with the P2P issues, nat connectivity and other annoying bugs this means shugoki get a free win for screwing up the hole duel until that point. As every game designerwill agree: Oneshots shall not be included in any Multiplayer Close Combat game, especially when they're triggered by hitting one attack.The Ui ist plainly bad and it seems noone ever thought about it while developing the game. So the servers might be down and you are stuck in the starting screen, but there is no ""End Game"" button on the starting screen. In order to close the game you would need to connect to the server (only then the main menu will show up) which you can't since the servers are down.Game stability didn't improve much so far.All in all: An unbalanced blockbreak-hammering, lag infested spam-fest which encourages the use of boring and even unfair tactics to and extend at which you actually want to break your keyboard and demand a refund."
76561198068142364,Not Recommended,304390,31031622,Posted: 8 April,all,trespaco,"Great game except for, you know, the P2P connection which is the foundation of the biggest part of the game. This bs caused the whole game to be trash!"
76561197995212331,Not Recommended,304390,31048395,Posted: 9 April,all,snugglebunny,"3 of my last 5 games crashed as soon as the match ended. 3 wins down the drain. No rewards. Have to kill the process.  Nice update, this didn't happen before. Congrats on breaking the game further than it already was Ubisoft. Dont bother with this game. Its trash."
76561198057967782,Not Recommended,304390,30185263,Posted: 25 February,all,DeadFearXXX,"I seen that it had connection issues even before I bought it, and even with the risk in mind, I was completely overwhelmed. They are so real, and by far the worst I've ever seen in a game before.Not only did they mess up the servers, the in game store is the perfect description of ""company money>game quality.""If I had to describe this game in one word: UBISOFTSure the gameplay is fun, but gets repetitive. I must say, at least they put the one thing that is probably the only reason more than half of the people stay with this game is the mass amount of unlockable content that you either must pay a ridiculous amount of money for, or grind for months to get the gear that you want. Another thing they did right was add a duel system where gear has no effect on the game, only skill.Final review: 5.5/10would be 6/10 but i find the throw/grab/guardblock feature broken and needs work"
76561198019811104,Not Recommended,304390,30185288,Posted: 25 February,all,「 D r D e e p t h r o a t 」,Who thought Peer to Peer was a good idea?
,Recommended,304390,30189617,Posted: 26 February,all,Benjimon,"Its a great game overallbut...some characters are op, lag on the servers and randomly kick you all from the game.But that can all be fixed"
,Not Recommended,304390,30307707,Posted: 3 March,all,Passive Bot,"A good game with some interesting ideas, but DON'T BUY IT NOW. This game have two main problems.  First, the server is bad. If you play 1v1 or 2v2, it is a not a big deal. However, if you play 4v4, you will be constantly kicked out of the game saying ""network error"". Well, I don't have any network issue playing other online game. Just imagine how mad you will be after being kicked by the terrible server when you are going to clutch the game. Second, if you use laptop and using a nvidia XXXm graphic card, you just cannot go to full screen. The game will throw you back to window mode no.y I have no idea why ubisoft does not fix this issue after the first patch. The game is really fun itself but you just cant enjoy it without smashing your keyboard and cursing ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,304390,30308783,Posted: 3 March,all,OPskin.Bos$cAt,lack of game modelack of mapslack of connectionlack of peoplelack of !@$#%@#$
,Not Recommended,304390,30311158,Posted: 4 March,all,Chonto,"♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.The game is *good*. We can gripe about balance and pay to win and whatever, but when you are bashing dudes with your flail/axe/sword and hell is raining around you, all the issues seem silly in your adrenaline-fueled, bloodba----... error. disconnected. returning to lobby"
76561198028118149,Not Recommended,304390,30325902,Posted: 4 March,all,Keyalith,My games get aborted more than a Girl child in china during the 90's
,Not Recommended,304390,29950195,Posted: 15 February,all,Toboi,"All i have to say is that the blocking mechanics in this game are terrible the way you have to move your mouse to where the attack is coming from, it is very unneffective and a terrible thing for me which just ruins the game completely, it is especially hard to use this mechanic against the fast hitting characters as you have to wave your mouse around constantly and of course the way you move your mouse to the direction doesnt take effective straight away and by then youve already been hit. So those characters have a massive advantage making the slow hard hitting characters obsolete. please improve/fix this terrible mechanic"
,Not Recommended,304390,29954030,Posted: 15 February,all,SPIIIIIIIIIICY,"The conecpt is there but the game is incredibly unplayable. Matching making is broken and hardly works half the time. Frequently get booted randomly from matchs. Often the game stops taking input from the keyboard and mouse.I would pass for now, wait until Ubisoft finishes the game, that is if they even do.UPDATE: 2/25/2017 Some changes have come to the game, its making progress, I would highly recommend having a game controller, just a prefrence though. However the game still has massive server issues, and the peer to peer connection has got to go. A new issue that happens now is occasionally all players are booted and replaced with bots.UPDATE: 3/12/2017 Changes are coming to the game, I hope that it will move in the right direction. As of now its a fun game, but still needs a lot of help in the connection department."
76561198014905724,Not Recommended,304390,29954040,Posted: 15 February,all,Polycount,"I picked it up mostly for the campaign. With the mixup of vikings, knights and samurai I knew it was goin to be dumb, but man was it dumb. Also everyone has an american accent which is just jarring.I found the game way too difficult to be enjoyable. It's a neat combat system and at times I enjoyed it but it was often just way too hard. Even on the easy difficulty there were times in the campaign where I would be killed repeatedly. I faired no better against bots, I played 9 bouts against the easiest level bot and never won a single one.I think the major problem was I chose the Valkyrie, who is supposed to be a very difficult hero and she definitely was. I gather that being successful requires memorization of a lot of different combo moves and I just don't want to put in that kind of time losing repeatedly.Didn't really give any of the easier heroes a fair shake as I was mostly in it for the campaign and I've never been too into pay to win repetitve multiplayer models.Great graphics, neat idea, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥campaign, huge learning curve.TLDR: Wasn't fun enough to get me through the learning curve."
76561198128632565,Recommended,304390,29986618,Posted: 17 February,all,Miracle WHAP,"Okay. If you are reading the reviews before buying this game, don't. Steam reviews have decayed to totaly garbage quality salt fests. That being said, if you want an objective view on the game, read mine.Are there connection issues? Yes if your NAT type isnt open, you may experience disconnects but it's nowhere near as bad as some of the drama queens in the reviews have described it. Are there balance issues? Yes. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing competitive MP of course there will be balance issues. They will rebalance and change characters. The micro transactions are totally optional and they do not affect character stats. It's mainly cosmetics. Most micro transactions can be bought with in game currency (steel) which you earn from matches and leveling up and completing tutorial levels.The single player is intense and fun. I like it so far. Multiplayer runs releatively smoothly. I've only been disconnected or had to force quit because host rage quits or something along those lines. Yeah it uses a host peer to peer system but again, it's not that bad. This game is really awesome if you give it a chance.The only thing I dislike about this game is the amount of spots for enviro kills. They shoul take away like half of them on every map because cheese on every corner is just not fair.Overall this game is incredibly well optimized, I use M&K with no issues, blocking is hard but its easy once u get used to it. Controller IMO is harder because you use your right hand to do basically everything.8.5/10 best game Ubisoft has made in awhile. Hard to believe. Grab it when on sale."
76561197975413490,Recommended,304390,29954216,Posted: 15 February,all,XFD | HKSpadez,fantastic combat. basically what a dark souls fighting game would look like
76561198084262780,Not Recommended,304390,32164979,Posted: 3 June,all,choppingblock,"I like the customization and the heros.  Constant online issues are irritating.  The centurion is my sole reason for just dropping this game and not playing.  Seems like the class just grabs you with his hand and throws you down and stabs you even if i got revenge i'm the one thrown down and killed.  The game encourages teamwork but as a centurion not so much.  Timing seems sketchy most of the time while other times the dynamics seem to work.  Knowing what your oponent is trying to do... such as throw you in a pit... doesn't matter seems as if you know, its more likely they will succeed int throwing to in the pit or whatever you are trying your hardest to not have happen to you.   Just spamy doesn't feel like a fight half the time .  while other times its fun. Ok i gave this game the benifit of the dought.... the magor reasons why one would quite have not been resolved... this "" ERROR The e connection with the session has been lost. Please check the internet connection. Returning to the menu. For more information, contactsupport.ubisoft.com{0006000137}DON'T BUY THIS GAME ... I HAVE 424 HOURS PLAYING IT AND IT PISSES ME OFF MORE THAN I HAVE FUN PLAYING ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ....."
,Not Recommended,304390,30157706,Posted: 24 February,all,Alamo Turtle,"Never have I been so deceived by a game company ever.  Such a beautiful game with potential is jaded by the awful community and developers.  They literally cannot run servers properly.The game seems so amazing up to the point of at least 12 hours, where it seems to be just absolute garbage.  The servers can't run properly, the system for finding elimination and skirmish are just downright pathetic, and the characters seem to be one-sided fights, as the game favors other heroes over the rest.  All in all, just a terrible game that cannot be played whatsoever until Ubisoft decides to become a game company and not thieves."
76561198071318091,Not Recommended,304390,30209890,Posted: 26 February,all,Bobpudge,Bad connection. So many disconnects. So many time wasted. Damn.......
76561198088290539,Not Recommended,304390,32036164,Posted: 28 May,all,Dequan Hams,"This game, while you may think its great, is not. It is fun the first couple of games, and of course, when you win. But overall, the game is super ♥♥♥♥♥♥.1. Laggy servers2. Telling me I cant play the newest characters without getting a season pass, even thought I paid 59.99 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game3. Ubisoft's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overlay4. Characters that are literally just spam characters, or chain cc characters. If you are not an absolute master of this type of♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you just can't move and get knocked over and killed over and over and over again.5.. Characters that swing so fast that, with all the latency, you cant even move anymore and just sit there as a punching bag.6.The game is $59.997. The campaign is a boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very dull and long. Have to play through ALL the knights to get to the samurai or Vikings. Very Tedious and Repetitive.8. Sometimes when you join the game, the person who's hosting the servers will jsut leave and, welp back to the main screen. Oh and don't forget that you get kicked out of your party.9. Peer to Peer (to save money)Would not suggest this game to anyone. Regret buying. Was fun in the beta."
,Not Recommended,304390,32355138,Posted: 11 June,all,Dogeius,I broke 2 xbox one controllers. Also ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft.
76561198133713961,Not Recommended,304390,33448773,Posted: 10 July,all,Krosis,99% of the players are scrubs
76561197961437232,Recommended,304390,30125572,Posted: 23 February,all,Kreios,"Pros:-Challenging & fun fighting system-Steep learning curve so you feel like you can always improve, kind of like Dark Souls-Fully customizable heroes with play or pay to unlock gear much like Overwatch skins-Wide range of heroes/maps to play withCons:-Endless and obvious high level bugs ranging from grouping up with friends to text language changing for no reason.-Connectivity issues that aren't a huge issue but I run into at least 3 instances of it during 2 hours of gameplay-Content, they could have done more in terms of game modes. An operations game mode like in Battlefield 1 where you actually care about what your soldiers are doing, capture the flag, payload, etc.-Competetive play or ranking system, there doesn't really seem to be any-Faction wars feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at something and not fully fleshed out.Summary:It's a fun game, no doubt have had moments during every game where I feel like a viking swinging around an axe. It's just that the game is riddled with very simple to fix bugs that should have been addressed before release. I'm also scared that in a month or so I will get bored with just being entertained by the mechanics of the game and not being able to have a competetive side or operations game mode to play with."
76561198076881336,Not Recommended,304390,30209894,Posted: 26 February,all,TickTockBang,"TLDR at bottomOkay, first of all I want to say that I liked For Honor. But the thing is that this game is definitely not worth 60 bucks. To begin with, I bought this game mainly for the single player. The campaign, while entertaining, is still pretty mediocre at best and feels like a glorified tutorial for the multiplayer. You play with multiple warriors and throughout story (probably 6 hours, less if you're good at it), you are constantly reminded of combos and tips and tricks that stick at the bottom of the screen. The first couple of missions are fun, but the whole thing becomes repetitive, with little to no variation. Other than shooting a ballistae and getting the attention of an elephant, the whole campaign is just blocking, dodging, and attacking.Story-wise, For Honor is kind of a let down. Although it gets pretty badass at times, it's a bit silly and strange. The plot is a bit nonsensical as there are times I wonder who the hell this one guy is and why the heck are they trying to kill each other. The villain's motives ultimately make no sense, and she loves to call everyone ""wolves"" way too much. The characters aren't fleshed out at all - just your stereotypical knights, vikings and samurai. The biggest problem for me with the story was the cliffhanger ending, which I assume leads into the faction war of multiplayer. It's hard to describe the ending without giving spoilers, but it was just very unsatisfying and failed to answer many questions that arose in that one cutscene. If you like to play games for the story, you probably shouldn't get this game.Now for the multiplayer -It's fun yet frustrating - but mostly frustrating. For Honor is ultimately a game of skill. The campaign will not prepare you for it as it will be an entirely different feeling. Depending on who you go against, you will feel slower and weaker. If you're going to play multiplayer, don't expect to win if you don't know the mechanics of a handful of warriors. You need to know everyone's strength and weaknesses. However, no matter how long you study the characters, there will be some characters who are wholly unbalanced *cough* Shugoki *cough*. If you are a casual gamer, you will not like multiplayer.Additionally, for some reason it is hard to find a full lobby. And more often than not, people quit and are replaced with very incompentent bots. I have often been in 2v4s and 3v3s more than I've played in 4v4s, and whenever there is a team with one less player, it is most likely that that team will lose.There are few maps and only three game modes. Unfortunately, the game modes are not that great. They're all basically the same (kill each other), except in one mode you need to focus on capturing zones.TLDR;This game is lackluster and incredibily repetitive with no noteworthy innovation save for its unique combat system."
76561198085373353,Recommended,304390,30209979,Posted: 26 February,all,jazzy,"For Honor: The epitome why Peer-to-Peer servers are ♥♥♥♥ing trash.The most common phrase while playing For Honor:""God ♥♥♥♥ing damn p2p""but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is still fun"
,Recommended,304390,30326326,Posted: 4 March,all,Lolipopel,"Alright! The game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AWESOME GAME, Because all the people that is putting the thumb down is people that cant take the servers sometime goes down! The gameplay is good! Animations, Commuity, Grapichs and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GOOD! I LOVE IT! But people now day's just want a game with no problems! There is only 2 kinda big problem right now like wow... Look at the good things! I love how you need to dogde and block and do moves and just have fun with you're friends! This i rate this game 9.5/10 You guys that give this a thumbs down because of the servers.. Really need to man up. But guys! The game is fantastic! I always laugh and have fun when i play it and if the server crash just join a new game... But i thing u should give it a good try!"
76561198269432584,Not Recommended,304390,30778620,Posted: 27 March,all,Laughing Ghost,The matchmaking in this game is ♥♥♥♥ed. I playd lvl 15 peacekeeper and i had to play against 60-150 lvl players. Give me a ♥♥♥♥ing brake. But if you still decide to play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you better be ready to get pushed of a legde whenever you bring your oppoent to low health.
76561197993396561,Not Recommended,304390,30938823,Posted: 4 April,all,Lillebror,"The only reason to buy this game at the moment, would be for its unique and engaging fighting mechanics. Which is a great reason, but sadly the game is severely bugged down byunreliable serverscharacter balance issues so bad the MLG had to swing the ban hammer in their tournamentsabusable bugs in the fighting mechanicsmicrotransactions (not really micro at all) that border on pay2win with its potential influence on gear acquisitionbadly balanced gear stats that heavily favors a particular builddevelopers who seem to care little about communicating with their playerbase, to the point where the players were arranging boycotts of the gameBut with all that being said, the gameplay is a lot of fun when it's allowed to function and for all the hate this game gets, it's hard to really stay mad at it."
76561198037474125,Recommended,304390,32660686,Posted: 22 June,all,Sir. Vanderbuilt,"Get it on sale, but do NOT pay full price for this.You probably already know about the peer to peer connection issues and have probably already read plenty of reviews complaining about the classes being unbalanced, and they aren't entirely wrong. You CAN counter 99% of everyones BS but with a few conditions.1. You have a not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection(good luck with p2p)2. You are running this game at a steady, high, framerate.3. You have a really good reaction time.What I'm saying at this part is don't buy unless you have recommended specs and a quality internet connection because reading your opponent is half of the fun in this game, and without being phsyically capable of that really ruins the fun. The other half is using BS to kill your opponent wheter it be playing the crazy op classes or tossing them off a ledge or into a hazzard and then taunt spamming to make it look like you're humping their corpse.If you buy this game I also highly recommend you buy it because you want a 1v1/2v2 fighting game, because in the 1v1/2v2's your gear level does not matter and what feats you have also don't matter. Do not play the 4v4's until you have good gear, which, with how the gear and leveling system work, won't happen this decade unless you religiously colmplete every daily there is without fail.skip this part if you don't plan on playing the 4v4 modes. (tl;dr is the level and gear system is not noob friendly and it takes like a month of dailies to get a character to max gear level)Let me 'splain to you how that system works: Every class costs 500 steel to unlock(except for the new ones they cost 30x more that's 15000 of the ingame currency: steel) 1 daily gets you 400 and each game gives you anywhere between 10-50 depending on the game mode and how well you did. There 2 dailys every day and about 6-8 'dailies' every other day which give xp and 150 steel. And that's just unlocking them, the only worthwhile gear bundles cost 400-500 steel and there are 6 total slots for gear, and to get max gear level(which anyone in the 4v4 mode either has max level, is close, or is leveling an alt) you need 2 conditions to be filled.1. Have enough steel to level everything up, idk how much this currently is with the 'new' max level but to get to the previous max level in season 1 took at least a good 1000ish steel per piece. It's probably way more per level past that.2. Be at least rank 5 in the character you want max gear for.The rank system works thusly: Every character levels up to 20 and then when they get enough xp rank up and start over. In my expierience it takes about 3-4 days of doing nothing but the high xp dailies, all for one character btw,  to rank up. At rank 1 you get blue gear as a rare drop which starts at a min of 1 level higher than max of previous tier. At rank 3 you get purple gear that does the same, and at rank 5 you finally get the whatever color it is as a rare drop. at rank 8 you get it as common drops.Just to put this into perspective you need to spend at least a fortnight of doing dailies for 1 character to get them high enough rank spend 500 steel on them to unlock customization, buy crates of 5 equipment pieces for 500 steel a pop which contain 1 gear in the level range you want, which might not even have the stats you want for it, and then you need to level those up for mad amounts of steel as well. Once you've done this, congradulations you can now rank up in the higher reward 4v4 matches and stomp people without gear level or be on par with everyone else. and by this I mean a bunch of people who bought centurion and one raider who will endlessly punch you out of stamina and then toss/kick you off a cliff./rant overAs a fighting game on the higher level it can either be really fun, really frustrating, or really boring. When it's fun you and your opponent are trading blows/having an intense staredown trying to read one another, when it's frustrating someone is spamming you with something someone has already complained about on reddit, when it's really boring you see only 1 counter only 1 punish only 1 right thing to do at any given time and you might as well be a robot staring at another robot daring it to make the first move. The classes are(mostly) balanced in 1v1's and there are only occasionaly maps with many hazards. In 2v2's classes are a little less balanced but each class has a niche in some way of killing the enemy team,  either play this mode with a friend or someone else who has agreed that you fight for honor, not with it. 2v2's have more hazards and a good chance of a gang up after someone dies, but unlike the other modes without the hectic feats gear score and soldiers running about it's much more manageable if you concentrate real hard.This game can be really fun if you put aside the connectivity problems and don't play in 4v4 modes, those and the dwindling player base are the only real bad things about this game. Despite the need for me to have more people to fight I still just can't recommened it at full price, it has microtransactions of like 5$ for a week's worth of dailies and every increment above it is like ""oh 1000 more steel than the previous deal, wow pay 100$ for the best deal now!"" If you catch it during the steam summer sale or on sale later(maybe when/if they fix most of the things other reviews ♥♥♥♥♥ about), maybe give it a try if this caught your interest."
,Not Recommended,304390,30027599,Posted: 18 February,all,JuicyDog,"Most people here have no idea what they are talking about. P2P isn't really the game's core issue. It's the matchmaking, but it's also the balance changes that will influence how the game plays. But, it's mainly the matchmaking. Because, it's GOD AWFUL.This game has the potential to be great, but so far, it's just been super frustrating.And the sad thing is, I KNOW it's not going to get better. Why? Keep reading.The combat is so good, but Ubisoft is making changes that alter the fundamental dynamics of the game without even notifying you in the game. For example, in open beta it was possible to block a guard break if you did it at the same time, now, that is no longer the case, and they might even be reversing it, ♥♥♥♥ing over the people who have learned the new (albeit much more flawed system that requires you to stop a guard break a second after it happens).My second major complaint is that the matchmaking is HORRIBLE. While the For Honor subreddit is mostly full of Memes, you can find tons of people having similar issues and complaints. I believe this is a game design issue at heart, and it's not one that they can fix quickly or easily. My theory is that they don't want to fix it. When you see systems like this implemented, it's usually because the design team has no clue what they are doing. In this case, Ubisoft knows exactly what it's doing.The reason matchmaking is so bad is that you pick your hero AFTER you get matched, not before. So that way, the game has no idea how to match you to people. If you get into a game, you could be facing someone who is going to pick a hero they've played for 20 hours, versus you who's played a hero for 1 hour. The game has NO MATCHMAKING AT ALL. No ♥♥♥♥ing clue. I've played 4-10 hours, (10+ hours in beta) and I'm getting matched with people who have prestige already (40+ hours). Basically, imagine if in 2007, you were a LVL 1 halo 3 account playing agaisnt lvl 50s. That's how bad it is.Solution? IDK.Why not just have you pick your hero before a match you ask? This means that you preselect a hero (think HOTS). You pick a lvl 1 Viking dude, so you get matched with someone who has a lvl 1 viking, samurai, or knight dude. Easy right?But then why have hero levels anyway? Each character has a level and you'd think this would be neat for progression purposes, but it's mainly Ubisofts way of forcing you to interacting with microtransaction and the game's economoy and dulling out ""loot"". If this wasn't the case, you wouldn't even need hero levels, instead, you could have account wide level--which would be a much better solution. Usually if someone is good with one character and they've spent 40+ hours in the game, believe it or not, SOME skill does transfer over.Sorry, this is a bit of a rant, but it just pisses me off so bad that Ubisoft is handling this potentially amazing game this way. I also don't see these things getting fixed for a long time. Sure ranked play could be a solution, but that might be a long way off. And if Ubisoft can't make any sort of soft MMR system work for unranked play, how could they for anything else?"
76561198040194227,Recommended,304390,30027904,Posted: 18 February,all,Ichi,"I watched hours of streams for this game deciding if I was going to give it a try. I finally caved and I can't tell you what a good decision I made. Everyone's largest gripe is the peer to peer system and p2w. Both are in my opinion two small issues that I can over look for many reasons. I've always hated fighting games, however this just feels right. I started with a controller and it just felt off. Went back to good ole K/M and the game opened up to me. I beat my first 1vs1 duel and I was so excited I did a silent fist clench of victory. In conclusion, if you're on the fence and aware of those two small issues then get it. If those two issues ruin the game then there ya go."
76561198012400108,Not Recommended,304390,30027613,Posted: 18 February,all,Nes,"This game had some serious potential but you can't get past the constant network problems. Get use to getting kicked out of a game and losing all the progress you had for contracts. This is such a common occurance that its almost impossible to finish a game like dominion without you or others in the game getting kicked. Untill Ubisoft decides to fix these problems, this game is not worth its full price. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME"
,Recommended,304390,30028063,Posted: 18 February,all,Saxton 6,"There are a lot of connectivity issues, however if you actually get to play the game it is beautiful. DEUS VULT, HERETICS!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30074308,Posted: 21 February,all,Reaper of Cheeks,"Controller suppoer is buggy, pvp is busted, good idea, just botched by Ubisoft, maybe wait for updates to stabalize before playing the game."
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,304390,30536113,Posted: 15 March,all,1B-15-FirelFox,"Good parts*The details are nice*the custom work you can do to your weapon,armor etc is a  plus*Can change your  fighters to male or female which is a good thing----------------------------Cons*60.00 USD*Game session ticket:40.00 USD*Errors  waaay to offten for a  game that is 60 dollars*The Errors are super annoying*FPS drop  randomly which i have a high end computer---------------------------------------This seems to be a good game but atm i cant  say yes to this atm till the bugs are fixed.BUT! if you can withstand some bugs there n there then go for it but atm its a NO till the bugs are fixed"
,Not Recommended,304390,30602426,Posted: 18 March,all,へんたぃ,"I used to honestly love this game, being part of the closed and open beta I was part of the hype train. This game seemed liked it couldn't fail, but it did. Here we have an amazing game where every frame counts in almost perfect combat. How did Ubisoft ruin it? Peer to Peer. Along with this the learning curves of the game is impossible and new players and beaten into the ground due to the matchmaking also being garbage. Great concept, poorly executed."
76561198051568484,Not Recommended,304390,30603499,Posted: 18 March,all,S14787,"Do not buy this game , it is awfully unbalanced , not only that but their servers are so bad you'll be lucky to ever get in a match with a full player count , even worse when playing with friends. Triple A more like triple fail"
,Recommended,304390,34187468,Posted: 12 August,all,Usagi,"I have at this time only gone through the Single Player mode, and here are my thoughts so far.The combat is a tad clunky.The Story is mediocre, but passable for a hack and slash i suppose.I've found several annoying bugs, everything from enemies ""sprites"" (are they still called sprites today?) showing where enemies will spawn, but being completely immune to any and all attacks, and simply standing passivly by, to bugs that give you as a player a severe handicap. Ex. While fighting in marshlands, stepping into water forces you out of your guard, but it doesn't affect enemies. Needing to be in guard stance to fight your enemies effectivly, you need to try and lure them away, or fight without any input, or lock ons.All that said, I still bought it at -50% off (29.99E), hoping that it'll be slighly more entertaining as a MP game. Kind of like a beat em up, but with swords."
,Not Recommended,304390,31894972,Posted: 21 May,all,Papapoof,"This is my most played game of any of my steam games so it breaks my heart to see that Ubi has soiled another game with potential, making us pay 40 dollars for characters that will just be added later for free and that are already finished, WHEN I STILL CANT COMPLETE A FULL MATCH BECUASE OF THEIR PEER TO PEER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. All the heart and soul of this game has been sucked out by the community who make this the least honorable multiplayer experience i've ever played."
,Not Recommended,304390,30069762,Posted: 20 February,all,DADDY,"Great looking and designed game! not much content, but it's ok cuz the fun is in PVP, like we can play WOW arena for hours with out getting bored, not saying this is anywhere near the fun of WOW area, but still some new experience. So.......here is the problem, PVP server/conncetion is just bad. Put it in this way, for all the reason, the waiting/disconncet/reconncet time is way more than the play time (in my case), hope I'm the only one.What good is your game if your audience can't play it? ......right we already paid :(again, great game.but again, can't play it.but but again, great game...but but buttttttttttttttttt."
,Not Recommended,304390,30091638,Posted: 21 February,all,Royalty™,"Didnt like it, more frustrating than  fun and P2P is annoying as f."
76561198125044056,Not Recommended,304390,30679166,Posted: 22 March,all,Echtology,"I tried so hard to be optimistic with this gaame, but it just sucks. Combat is so unbeliavably boring because every character, and I mean every character, has one to three exploitable gimmicks that make every fight the same. The game's servers are run by Ubisoft so they are kind of the worst. But most of all, the matchmaking is legitimately some of the worst I have ever seen. You either get matched up with people who don't know how to play the game, or with people who play it for 8 hours a day. There is no in between, it's just not fun."
,Not Recommended,304390,30679213,Posted: 22 March,all,Krendal,"As much as I want this game to succeed I doubt it will. The connection problems are becoming mroe and more apparent every single time I play. I get timed out and disconnect many times when I play well try to. Oh and lastly how Ubisoft is adressing to community regarding steel gain, price of the emotes, and charactes is absolute garbage. They just don't seem to care. Honestly though, I love the concept of the game. If it was made by a diferent developer it would better."
76561198055600336,Not Recommended,304390,29980191,Posted: 17 February,all,Cartoon Hitler,"Gave in after having a great time on the open beta and bought this game, I regret to say that the current state of the servers makes this game practically unplayable. The period you are connected to a server will be great fun, but it's indescribably disheartening when you've been doing well on a server, to be kicked out and recieve no rewards. It's like eating the best sandwich in the world, but having said sandwich slapped out of your hand everytime you take a bite. Will hold off on a refund in hope that Ubisoft get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, but until then i find it difficult to recommend this game. If you're willing to pay £40 for an unstable online experience, and a fairly mediocre story mode, then this game is right up your alley."
,Not Recommended,304390,29980198,Posted: 17 February,all,jw,"For Honor is a wonderful addition to the multiplayer scene wherein you get to experience the medieval battlefield in the perspective of a hero looking for glory in 4v4 elimination/dominion matches, 2v2 brawls, or in its purest form - 1v1 duels. It's a fantastic game with great depth to the conbat system which is reminiscent of a side scroller fighting game. The only problem I have with the game so far is the peer to peer servers, I'm constantly dropping out of public matches and it's made the game almost unplayable for me sometimes. This game REALLY needs dedicated servers to get the most out of it."
76561198059784822,Not Recommended,304390,30069688,Posted: 20 February,all,Debora,"Beta was great. Minor issues but nothing major, just the peer to peer really sucks. Actual game has broken guard break system when compared to the beta's which was perfectly fine. Ruins basically all combat which is 99% of the game. Would reccomend if these issues were fixed fast, not weeks later they are aware of them."
76561198052347191,Not Recommended,304390,30155333,Posted: 24 February,all,AuronBlake,"Broken game, horrible mechanics and terrible tech support by Ubisoft. GG and never buy from them again"
76561198086216880,Not Recommended,304390,30155464,Posted: 24 February,all,slygoat,"If you want to spend 20 minutes for a game that you will most likely DC from or get an error than this is the game for you. At the moment I have had this game for about a day, played about 6 hours and have played 4 games. ACTUALLY F*CKED"
76561198086125045,Not Recommended,304390,30101701,Posted: 22 February,all,Revolver Osterlot,servers can't crash if there are no servers. Good thinking ubisoft
76561198079297054,Recommended,304390,30235366,Posted: 27 February,all,✪GeneralDeadman✪,"FOR HONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! If you like fighting FOR HONOR and being a knight, viking or samurai! then this game is for you!!!! This Game is beautiful the story is great and the graphics are amazing the combat system and just every single thing about this game is nice.. Playing with friends on here is cool too! Yes it needs updates and more things but what game doesn't! Loving it so far maybe one day they will have dedicated servers! we'll see!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30564166,Posted: 16 March,all,Danny Dorito,Ubisoft has the amazing ability to make a great game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,304390,30566446,Posted: 17 March,all,Reitz,Too many bug.Can't matchmaking
76561198130414889,Not Recommended,304390,30563036,Posted: 16 March,all,Mrs.Teal,"This is a unblanced game, to many years in development for it to be even a little unbalanced (its alot unbalanced). Not to mention it has absoultley horid connection problems and it is consistently unreliable. Its community is filled with ironically completley dishonorable ♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,304390,30946340,Posted: 4 April,all,Caldon the Crimson One,"It's a AAA game with unforgivin microtransactions,cennection error,all time online connectivty,the balance of characters is just horrible that promots a passive play style and throwing people off ledges.The matchmaking also makes a new player go against a high level veteran play.Ah,and it's a Ubisoft game.Verdict? Don't buy it,at least not now so wait half a year and check if the game still lives."
76561198047729429,Recommended,304390,29970340,Posted: 16 February,all,CrowEyedWolf,"This game is one of the best I've played in a while, though it is not without its flaws. The flaws are that the game is made by ubisoft and as such there are a lot of server issues right now. Other than that the game is amazing."
,Not Recommended,304390,34646644,Posted: 31 August,all,I am the Senate!,No balance.OP @$$ heros.So many ♥♥♥♥ing UI and network issues.90% of the playerbase play 2 of the like 10 modes.
,Not Recommended,304390,29975430,Posted: 16 February,all,Sheppard Knight,"Not a big writer of reviews, but this game  is  not ready to buy.  I'd  say I can manage to make it through 25%  of my games without the servers crashing or getting disconnected.  I've been playing for 4 hours today and have maybe made it through 2 complete games.   Ubisoft why... It would be  so great otherwise."
,Recommended,304390,30024815,Posted: 18 February,all,Bacon Waffle,Listening to the Witcher 3 Soundtrack makes this game so much better
,Not Recommended,304390,35352972,Posted: 30 September,all,ScTiger,"I really wish this game was good. Unfortunately plagued by horrible balance problems and poor design decisions, it is impossible to recommend in its current state. Buried somewhere beneath these problems is a really solid, visceral fighting game experience. I wish I could go back to the open beta of this game before a meta of boring defensive play was established.I doubt Ubisoft will do anything to fix this, but if they do, I will gladly come back. Last time I ever buy a Ubisoft product unless they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198084529856,Not Recommended,304390,30805626,Posted: 28 March,all,Bow  Nibba,Good Luck trying to play this game with friends.
76561198137215232,Not Recommended,304390,30697887,Posted: 23 March,all,Dio Brando,"For Honor. The game, the game itself, is a delicious culmination of skill timing, and preparation. Each battle, if played well, is truly a deul to the death. That is, if you don't get disconnected a ♥♥♥♥ass load of times. I like to think that my 100mbps internet speed is substantial, but apparently Ubisoft's peer to peer net code wants more.Also, certain things seem unbalanced, but from what I've read, we're going to have to deal with the current hero metas as they are. Sigh.edit: 2 days after the new season release:It's high quality content, although I didn't buy the season pass myself.Another new issue is the balancing, one huge problem with centurion: ""charged"" heavies attacks are faster than most other attacks in the game.Another PERSISTING ISSUE SINCE RELEASE: horrible peer to peer connecting. many, many, MANY matches were destroyed. not just me, but entire rooms of people being kicked out. It's been months, Ubi, get your shizzle together. you cucks.edit 2: Many patches after the new hero releases and I would honestly and wholeheartedly get a refund if I could. I will never in my life stoop so low as to play the broken hero that is centurion. this hero alone absolutely does not abide by the laws of the game and will remain broken because either devs don't care or devs don't know how to balance, and I don't give a two sh*t flying f*ck. I want my godd*mned refund.edit 3: The netcode has somehow gotten worse. I've gone from 3 to 4 disconnected games a session to 3 to 4 SUCCESSFUL MATCHES in a session. Each and every single game is spent trying to win before you disconnect, despite having good internet. I'm literally done with Ubi[disappointment]"
,Not Recommended,304390,31013725,Posted: 8 April,all,Ratman,Gets boring fast... very limited game
,Recommended,304390,30105156,Posted: 22 February,all,morph113,"Apart from some connection issues, which aren't really as bad as people make it out to be, I think this game is great. The combat is rock, paper, scissors and very tactical. It's easy to pick up yet hard to master."
,Not Recommended,304390,33789892,Posted: 25 July,all,Dab,Actually the worse game I have ever played.There are so many problems in this game it is worse than getting your balls stuck in a blender.You are probably wondering why i have my balls in a blender; thats because it hurts less than this £40 cash grab.
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,304390,29928065,Posted: 14 February,all,M6Hurricane,"This is a game that had strong potential. However, Ubisoft has done it again: they've ruined a perfectly good game. The conection issues aren't even the main problem, tbh it's tolerable.The real problem is Ubisoft's lack of support for the game. It's almost like ""If we change something, then we're admitting that we were wrong."" The vast majority of people who currently play this game look up the lamest, spammest, most meta combos they can, and just repeat them over and over. This spam totally ruins the game, becuase you lose every single time. Skill doesn't matter when the game engine is working against you.So now, do you want to spam and counter spam constantly, then sure get this game. For everyone else that want's a balanced fighting experience, this game is the worst because Ubisoft won't fix it.Also, every single player in the game has a revenge build. You hit them literally twice and they have an Ultimate up your♥♥♥♥♥ EVEN THE BOTS HAVE REVENGE BUILDS.*** tl;dr At the end of the vast majority of matches, you're frustrated because a) you've matched against a max level players, b) connection issues, c) you out-played someone but their spam overpowers you. And at the end of the day, that's 100% in Ubisoft's control but they *won't* fix it.***This is enough to make me boycott their future games, like I'm currently boycotting EA and Activision"
76561198097402337,Not Recommended,304390,30147186,Posted: 24 February,all,Gilandilas,Triple A game that crashes without error messages.(Yes my nvidea drivers are current)
,Not Recommended,304390,31059658,Posted: 10 April,all,TsyCho,so much wasted potential
76561198090184409,Not Recommended,304390,32323649,Posted: 10 June,all,Patk,This game was a huge waste of money. The concept was good and the very few games i got to finihs were fun and satisfying. That being said they don't have dedicated servers for their pvp insteadopting for p2p so every time 1 team starts losing and people start leaving the game the hosts keps switching or you just disconnect before ever finishing. Not to mention you have to use uplay like all ubisoft games which is absolute garbage. I think this is the last game i ever buy from them.
,Recommended,304390,32338140,Posted: 11 June,all,Jared1221™,"Alright here we go, with mostly negative reviews at time of writing and mixed overall this will be difficult to say without getting flamed. But this game is amazing, not everything about it is perfect but overall it is just amazing.Pros:-Community (yeah you read that right) I can agree that about half the community are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and that can get annoying but I think people forget that mute buttons exsist. You do not have to take anything they say at all, you can 100% ignore it all by muting them, I cannot understand why not using a mute button is seen as ""this game sucks"". I can however, understand people only using OP heros and stupid strats thats where I agree that people can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you really wanna be able to counter it, play 1v1 2v2 its better its how the game was meant to be played. ""but you only get XP from dominion"" ok well that's only for customization since gear is disabled in 1v1 and 2v2. Sure you may not look badass but hey dont bash the game cause you wanna look cool and the only way to do that is by playing dominion.-Gameplay it's so much fun, I do not think i have played a game so frequently in my life. I cannot stop coming back, learning a new hero is addicting and the want to get better makes it so rewarding when you finally do. It's one of the only reasons this game has positive reviews from people who say toxic community.-Campaign The whole campaign is just one big meme now and it is honestly so funny. The devs no doubt did it on purpose too which makes it so much better. From awkward things to funny lines in a serious situation and the repition of a single word it is the funnies campaign I have ever played (with an OK story too). The campaign served me as an extended tutorial and actually really helped for getting simple things like parries and blocking and combos down. I do recommend playing it, just don't take it seriously at all, just sit back play, and enjoy the memes.Cons: (more like community complains)-Servers? Yeah they suck sometimes, and it is very frustrating to not be able to complete one game because you get kicked half-way through it. People constantly complain about P2P when they know absolutley nothing about netcode, trying to say dedicated servers are soo much better cause it works for the other games they play. I hate to break it to you guys but P2P is not the issue at hand, if For Honor used a system like dedicated servers the game would be unplayable, the timings required in order to fight in this game are so tiny (we're talking about miliseconds here, characters have been buffed by giving them miliseconds less recovery time) that anything BUT P2P would be impossible to play on. To put it simply, client -> server -> other clients vs. client -> client. Which do you think is faster? Now this is the con part, which do you think is more stable? Yeah the P2P can break and kick everyone out if one person has♥♥♥♥♥♥connection or leaves, thankfully now they have a leaver penalty and it has made a lot of my matches better. People need to stop obsessing over P2P it is a very streamlined P2P at that, giving no player a host advantage (looking at your Gears of War). I understand the outrage over the seversm but yelling P2P over and over doesnt solve or even address the issue at all, the devs know the problem and have even given compensation for some of the outages. It is being activley worked on as of now and will continue to get better. Keep in mind these people brought Seige back from release. :)Low Playerbase- This one is tricky, because so many things contribute to this. One is that people openly bash this game and scare people away chanting P2P and broken and buggy and all sorts of things. Second is the community overreating to every little problem. It is hypocritical to complain about issues then complain about low playerbase ♥♥♥♥♥♥im doing that now arent I)DLC- Well technically its not DLC its just in game currency but yes the DLC heros are a little crazy right now, many people scream OP but the truth is that its not OP its just new. They havent been there since Day 1 and therefore they are harder to play against, having not played against them as much. The devs will address any actual OP mechanics (like they have at this time) and fix them.Pay to win- Someone calculated how much money or how long it would take to get ALL the customizations in this game and people freaked out saying pay to win and calling Ubisoft money ♥♥♥♥♥s (not defending other Ubisoft titles just this one ;) ). I cannot comprehend how looking badass (buying all customizations) and winning duels (not even based on gear score in 2 different gamemodes) is paying to win. It makes no sense to me, no you do not pay to win. You dont even have to pay to look cool, steel is very easy to get and with just a little dedication completing daily orders gives you 600 alone. Yes it can be a grind (some stuff is a little over priced) but no it is in no way shape or form ""pay to win"".Learning Curve- Yes there is a pretty steep learning curve, especially coming into the game now where only the most dedicated people are left. I personally try to really help newcomers and I want more community and less ♥♥♥♥♥ing and moaning. It can be challenging, and it will be frustrating, but personally that is much more fun than a game that has no learning curve and allows you to walk all over people from day 1 no matter how many hrs they have. Some of the best games have learning curves.Conclusion:If you have intrest in this game, have watched some videos on it and really liked the game, have the ability to MUTE people, and enjoy a challenge then you should buy this game. I can agree that 60$ is a bit much and I would recommend buying it on sale if possible but it is an amazing game. I could very easily see myself putting 1000 hours into it no doubt. If you do not think that you will be able to play this game enough to get your moneys with I honestly dont blame you, its very difficult (yet rewarding) and can be extremely frustration when it comes to DCs and getting cheesed. If you can be a patient gamer you will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,304390,32475928,Posted: 16 June,all,Cyberhuman,Don't trust Ubisoft.
,Recommended,304390,31729666,Posted: 13 May,all,Cruton,"For Honor is graphically well made medival fighting type game with a machanic for fighting which makes the game really exilerating. True this game atm is currently dead as of hype factor except possibly for the people who have stuck around and are excited for season 2. The game has some major flaws with its amazing pros. Connection is not the geatest, there is tons of salt from unexperienced players and or just in general salty people but there are times were you find amazing people on this game and have great duels/battles. Currently since most players have been playing since it came out there is (i find) a steep learning curve since it takes a bit to remotely be good at one character. Overall i would recommend this game but advise the person of the negative sides of the games. Ultimately i have found with my 93 hours of gameplay that if you win you feel like an unstopable monsterous god, but if you lose you want to be the saltiest person alive, you want to throw everything infront of you and literally just be a pouty person. On the other hand you could be a level headed person and realize you just need to get better and learn more about the game. thats it for my review :D"
76561197992454541,Recommended,304390,31826576,Posted: 18 May,all,Nah_,"Leaving a thumbs up to counter all the♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews complaining about P2W and other garbage. The game has some issues, yes. Sure there's some disconnect issues, and sure it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to invite a friend. Looking past that at the gameplay itself, it's the most anger inducing game I've ever played - but in a good way. I get mad because I get so into it, I get angry because I know I could have played my hero better but slipped up. The game pulls you right into it. Don't pay mind to these people spamming thumbs down. Honestly this rating system ruins games, once a community gets on a train to tarnish a game, the game is done.In short. The game isn't P2W. Gear means almost jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you're good enough you can beat someone with good gear in LIMITED game modes. And if you have the season pass you get like a week or two EA to new heroes. I hardly consider that P2W. And yes, servers have issues. But I can't think of a game that I've played that hasn't had servers♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed. If you are open to what the game is, you'll have no problem embracing all the faults for a one-of-a-kind experience."
,Recommended,304390,33526404,Posted: 13 July,all,Chris Belmont,I love this game.  Yes it has ups and downs but overall its one of the best games i've played this year.
,Not Recommended,304390,34434490,Posted: 23 August,all,CHIMICHANGAS EFX,"I've been playing this game for 13h and I do NOT recommend this game to ANYONE, if you ever get this game make sure you get it for free or less than 10 bucks, it's not worth more believe me.The difficulty on story mode is not a problem but no checkpoints is the dumbest idea a developer could ever come up with, I didn't expect much of Ubisoft but I also didn't believe they could be this bird-brained. I want to experience challenge but not waste my time, no checkpoints doesn't make it more difficult it just makes it more time consuming running past everything I've completed just to get to the last boss and die and repeat it all over.If people say Dark Souls is frustrating they should try beating this game in Realistic difficulty, you'll regret wasting the money in this 100%."
76561198352828155,Recommended,304390,32320973,Posted: 10 June,all,ママファット,This game is amazing to play. Here is a huge learning curve which I like having in games. The lag problem does happen but it is a rare occurrence. Peer to peer connection is not as bad as it was before so it is playable. So much fun to play with friends and feels great leveling. I suggest despite all the other reviews
,Not Recommended,304390,34022073,Posted: 4 August,all,Wnerg,"This game had so much promise. I loved the idea. I loved the gameplay (at first), I loved the flavor, and I loved playing as a super buff Viking.  Sadly the game went downhill. First the disconnections. I had no troubles during the beta period with dropped matches. During regular gameplay however it would happen about 25% of the time. Ubisoft sounded like they were trying to fix it, but it just became worse and worse. It reached a point where I was unable to finish a 4v4 match at all.They seemed to ignore the cries of their player base.  Though their method of connections would have ""worked"" in theory. The requirements were basically that all 8 players had to have the perfect internet connection and open NAT.The balance was always slightly off while I played, I don't know if they made any improvements. A couple of characters had spammy almost-chains that were far too easy to execute and way hard to dodge if you were new to the game. This made it harder for new players to get into the game.That is how games die.As I am writing this, less than 1700 players are playing (Granted it's a weekday and something like 2 pm Central time)I've found the majorty of the remaining players are rude, employ cheap tactics, have taken advantage of the stats on their gear, or are just generally skilled. Further making it harder for a new player.If a player who is skilled cannot be someone who is equally or lesser skilled just because of the gear they have, there's a fundamental design flaw. Keep in mind that I'm not saying the better player should win 100% of the time. I'm saying that the better player shouldn't lose 100% of the time.Aside:Another separate gripe that I have with the games industry, in general, is that I paid like $90CAD for the game. Why the ever-loving-♥♥♥♥ are there micro-transactions? Was getting just some of my money not good enough for you Ubisoft? Did you want all of it?All in all, this one game, this one poorly implemented ♥♥♥♥-Show of a game. Is the reason I will never buy another Ubisoft game anywhere near it's launch (Well this and and AC: Unity. That's still not exactly ""Fixed"")"
76561198218281309,Recommended,304390,34446059,Posted: 23 August,all,|F3| GjallaHorn,really good game
,Not Recommended,304390,31981108,Posted: 26 May,all,salsberry101,Roman Centurion waifu simulator 10/10
76561198079352653,Not Recommended,304390,30482410,Posted: 12 March,all,Renock,Game is good but there are 2 many problems.
76561197970263100,Recommended,304390,34351432,Posted: 19 August,all,Game_is_Hard,its not perfect game especially when it comes to things like disconnects or the menus but at its core it has a good and unique system and on top of it are really good animations for each fighterthe main warning i have is you have to do the tutorial and should run around in practice because if you meet someone who can control their character they will just kill youyou can easily die just by falling off a cliff or falling on spikes and in general when not paying attention to your surroundingsyou can even be attacked while fighting someone
76561198088343536,Not Recommended,304390,34458636,Posted: 24 August,all,bayou.oda,++++-NICE COMBAT SYSTEM-NICE GRAPHIC-AAA GAMES------JUNK SERVER!!!-ALWAYS GET DC WHEN YOU GET PLAY ON MULTIPLAYER-LOT OF BUG-CRASH GAMEPLEASE FIX
,Not Recommended,304390,34396495,Posted: 21 August,all,threw halfway my sandwich guy,"still disconnecting from multiplayer after 6 months, pathetic excuse for a game."
,Not Recommended,304390,34345465,Posted: 19 August,all,MayorOfBrownTown,"This game is a great change for the duel servers in mount and blade and war of the roses, it changes it from a never ending skilless fight to very intense 1 on 1 combat, it does make killing multiple opponents a bit harder but not impossible which in the end makes killing 4 people in a 1v4 very satisfying.The game itself is awesome, the big issue is the game breaking bugs that developers refuse to address, they would rather continue to add more to the game than fix what is destroying its foundations. this is kinda why the player base collapsed like a poorly built tower.netcode properly or let others (steam) do it for you."
,Recommended,304390,35444691,Posted: 3 October,all,Rhino,"""I can't wait to play some For Hon-"""
76561197998097543,Not Recommended,304390,34394649,Posted: 21 August,all,GoopyGoopGah,"I queue for a game of dominion10 minutes of ""error joining game"" and ""cant join the match because it is full"" and forced to queue againFinally finds a match in progressMy team only has 1 person on it along with 2 useless botsMy team has less than 100 points while the enemy team has over 800I quickly lose after joiningGame freezes right after it tells me my team lostAfter I alt+f4 and restart the game I find out I obtained no rewards for the last matchThese are just the issues I had that I can remember off the top of my headThese problems have been happening since release and have only gotten worseIt's sad because the gameplay by itself is great but whatever is holding the game together behind the scenes is held together by sticks and tapeDon't be like me and regret putting time into this game. Stay away from it."
76561198107859827,Not Recommended,304390,30753242,Posted: 26 March,all,同花顺,HOW TO PLAY MUTIPLAYERWAIT UNTIL 1HOR OSO CANT FIND 1 GAME ....
76561198016586855,Not Recommended,304390,30028930,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr 1 percent,"Have you ever been robbed of 60 dollars before?  I have!1.) P2P game from a major game developer in 2017?2.) Poor character balance and ubisoft unwilling/able to address issues, even after extensive beta.3.) No negative consequences for leaving mid game/trolling.4.) Toxic community.  If I want a lot of trash talking I'll go play street fighter.5.) Matchmaking is absolutely horrible.  I'm not even sure it actually exists in this game.  A buddy and myself who have played the game for maybe 1 hour are getting matched against people that have multiple prestiege levels in 2v2s.6.) 60 dollar title for a pretty bad single player experience and in my opinion awful online experiences.7.) Microtransactions in a freaking 60 dollar game?!Maybe, and this is a big maybe, I would vote this positive if the game was priced at 20-30 bucks.  This is basically The division medieval edition.I'll be surprised if this game has above a 10k population in a month without some major changes."
76561198146452633,Not Recommended,304390,30029315,Posted: 19 February,all,MasterCapitano,great game but there are massive problems with peer to peer connection
,Not Recommended,304390,30927019,Posted: 3 April,all,Cototronic,"Matchmaking is broken,vet players will be in games with new players. Disconnection from games is a common occurence. Full price for an underdeveloped game, microtransactions and subscription are forced on players who want to unlock majority of content"
,Not Recommended,304390,29920758,Posted: 14 February,all,Erased,"UPDATE after Season 2 launch:With the current state of affairs, I have to give my favourite multiplayer game a hard Thumbs Down. It was always far from perfect but the dev team has managed to build upon flawed design choices and balance out most of its issues.However, the release of Season 2 and its two new heroes marks a step back to a state of internal testing, that, sadly, every player is part of. And with two carciogenic characters that, while not unbeatable, give significant edge over any of the old roster (with the heroes that remained bad before S2 becoming completely useless in their new match-ups) this game has gone downhill faster than you can say ""where's the uninstall button?""Also, connection issues are, at least for me, getting worse with every patch.If the current trend continues, this game is going to be patched into a black and white hidden object game. And it will probably be for the better.Pros:+Graphics and sound design - both absolutely top notch.+Optimization - surprisingly easy on hardware.+Awesome roster of characters - I can't remember the last game where I'd instantly fall in love with 9/10 available characters. Also, their actual movesets are shockingly varied. As far as balance goes, some tweaks here and there are definitely needed, especially on pro level where few classes are basically unbeatable, but overall, all classes have their perks and ways to win. See 'Turtling' below. (as of Season 2, not relevant anymore)+Multiplayer - Duels and Brawls are brilliant modes for practicing and mastering fighting skills, as is Dominion where those fighting skills can help a ton to win a match, but require decent level of team-play and game mechanics knowledge to succeed. However, see faction war below in cons.+Customization options - takes a while to unlock the goodies but it's good that you actually have to work for stuff. Then again, I like progression and unlocks in almost any game as long as the rate is balanced and you don't have to tediously grind for hundreds of hours in order to unlock a new colour or whatever, no matter if the game is f2p or AAA priced.+Combat system - forget Jedi Outcast, Mount and Blade and any of their more recent rip-offs. No more clunky game-y combat, you get to feel every move you make and every punch you receive. Closest impression of an actual weight of body would probably be that in AvP2010. A shining example of how to do FUN and ENGAGING melee combat in a multiplayer game. It's easy to learn the basics, requires incredible dedication to master it, yet it's so rewarding every time you figure something out, whether it's timing of this and that, or countering that or other character.Neutral:+-Story/Single-player - the gameplay takes the best out of the good old console action/hack&slash games (think Darksiders, LOTR) in a real life-like world (fantastic premise X no abracadabra stuff) plus God of War-like badass story (except, again, no hocus pocus). However the further you get, the more 'meh' it gets. Not even Realistic difficulty changes that.Cons:-Community - this community should be investigated for any connection with deaths of Patrick Swayze, Paul Newman, David Bowie, Alan Rickman, Walt Disney, John Wayne and Lemmy Kilmister. Associations with aliases such as Yoko Ono and Curtney Love have also been suggested. You'll regret not turning off chat the minute you start a match.-Faction War - while pretty cool in concept, its outcome seems way too random at the moment. I can't imagine how this could be fixed but it would be nice to see some changes there to see it flourish.-Turtling - the game currently lacks proper means to punish passive players, especially heavy classes, that can use this strategy for even more free retaliation attacks.-Skirmish - straight up bullsht mode where all the game's great mechanics (whether fighting or tactical) disappear. Basically a team deathmatch, something that doesn't make any sense in a game of this kind. I'd ignore it completely if daily orders didn't offer such promising rewards for suffering through it.-No dedicated servers - Disconnects happen, and it feels like they only do when you're frustrated. Definitely not that often but still. I have only seen one lag-switch cheater so far too, so while it's definitely possible, it barely exists. The post-lag/player DC sync is alright too. However, nothing of the above needs to happen at all. The p2p connection is a bust.Nitpicking:-No full camera control in deathcam. Not just while the person watched is running around but during combat too. I'm sure the combat looks as amazing from side or top, as it does from behind/front.-Loading times and matchmaking - they're not too awful and it just might be me but I hate when I have to sit ildly with controller in hands. Probably wouldn't mind it if I used mouse and keyboard tho. However, the game definitely needs background matchmaking (and maybe even match loading itself) so we can just hang around in menus while waiting.FIXED post launch:-Deathmatch matchmaking-(Counter) Guard Break+-Elimination mode-Unbalanced reward system-Crashes"
76561198065872273,Not Recommended,304390,32802089,Posted: 25 June,all,Catscooty,"Game could've been great but there's literally no one playing the game. Went from extremely overhyped to a dead fanbase. I try to get into a dominion game (pvp, not ai) and it says ""very high activity"", and it just takes so long. And then I go to a 1v1 duel (pvp, not ai) with medium activity and I got more matches then the dominion. ?????????????????????????????. Honestly I really wish I could refund the 60$ I wasted on this dead game. Not recommended, don't buy."
76561198362976672,Recommended,304390,35459403,Posted: 3 October,all,Parental Advisory,"For Honor has a way of getting you hooked, the game is fun on all scales nothing better than chopping down the guy talking♥♥♥♥♥♥to you but thats pretty much it. The game has a lot of growing room with a lack of modes and an abundance of microtransactions to make your hero pretty or out right gamble to get ""end game"" gear. but that is the thing there is no end game just endless beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other with cheese, it is rare you will actually give the opposing fighter respect due to his playing ability. Also the game is horrible when it comes to balance not just speaking about the communities main issue (Centurion), every character has its own move or attack this is ""broken"" in some way. speaking of the community, you will find a majority of them toxic or just trolls looking for a reaction it is easy to get upset with them but just press on and play. To the people who are still reading this you might wonder why im still playing and honestly I dont know why as i said it gets you hooked, I have taken breaks from the game but always come back. once you get pass the bugs the♥♥♥♥♥♥community and balance issues you see how great the game really is so I would 100% recommend getting the game just make sure you have tough skin, I look forward to seeing you on the Battlefield.~ixiFinesse"
76561198022146703,Recommended,304390,30952451,Posted: 4 April,all,Lt. Hanz,Yes there are microtransactions and yes it's a bit of a grind to get the higher quality gear and yes it does NEED solid matchmaking so you don't get matched against people who are masters at the game with the best gear because try-hard cheesing is a huge thing.BUT... this game is a solid and i would even say highly enjoyable multiplayer game that is very competetive but you must understand that it is a fighting game where learning very basic combos and timing is imperitive to success. The negative reviews are mostly about the backlash against micro-transactions because people think they should be able to unlock all of the costumes rather quickly because... reasons?Is it worth $60? No... but few games are actually worth that price... especially on launch... just look at Mass Effect: Andromeda... lolz.
76561198042958650,Not Recommended,304390,30262782,Posted: 1 March,all,Johannes,"Excellent game with a damn Network Connection, always disconnected from the battlefield. I never ever played a game like this, whose multiplayer game keep disconneced. Login is also very bad, it takes many times. The game itself is good! It worth 9/10 Marks, but the multiplayer network, only 0 !!! Ubisoft you guys should do something."
76561198012080866,Not Recommended,304390,30034798,Posted: 19 February,all,The Great White Whale,"Lost connection, lost connection, lost connection, lost connection. A competetive game requires reliable servers. This one does not have that. This is a hard game (to me atleast) and when I actually pull something awesome off just to get interupted by the ""Lost connection""-error message I for one completetly lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't by this ♥♥♥♥ing game until they fix their god damn servers, or whatever the problem is.PS. I live in scandinavia with a steady 100mbit/s fiber connection, so don't even go there."
,Not Recommended,304390,29997390,Posted: 17 February,all,Dundiddy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EIGKouH4zQThat is all.
76561197993177873,Recommended,304390,29965877,Posted: 16 February,all,Chocobo,"Someone has finally made a multiplayer version of Dynasty Warriors, and it is goddamned fun. The character variety is surprisingly good, with 12 classes that actually feel quite distinct, and 6 more coming. 1v1 duelling can get pretty intense, and feels almost like Street Fighter at times. :P"
,Not Recommended,304390,34802206,Posted: 7 September,all,Anal Mucus,Mediocre combat system
,Not Recommended,304390,34847638,Posted: 9 September,all,Sylveve,Cool game but people take advantage of new players.
,Not Recommended,304390,29975976,Posted: 16 February,all,Mardok Bot,"Really enjoy the game, but if your NAT type is anything but green your matchmaking is non existant. Too bad I dont have the budget to pay for turbo speed internet"
,Not Recommended,304390,29954385,Posted: 15 February,all,SAULTYBOY,trash servers are trash ubisoft trash
,Not Recommended,304390,29954416,Posted: 15 February,all,Vrax11,"Fun game,♥♥♥♥♥♥Servers"
,Recommended,304390,35506647,Posted: 5 October,all,Love 4 Egypt Army,This game is beautiful.
,Recommended,304390,35508454,Posted: 5 October,all,Chef K,Play Centurian; you win
76561198010913857,Not Recommended,304390,30108831,Posted: 22 February,all,Dragun16,"The good, with the bad.-The story is pretty good, just ignore reality like alot and just play it for what it is, not what it ""should"" be.-The ""art of war"" combat style was really nice adding in a QTE into a combat melee game IMO, works albeit some times fustrating if you attack and your character starts some BS combo thing that you dont actually want to do.-The character design is really well done, the male and female charactesr are wearing the same armor hopeuflly western games will make this a trend of not having two seprate looking armors for male and bikini armor for females.The only issues i really have with the game are in the multiplayer.HUGE AMOUNT OF GRIND, like to the point of insanity, like did Ubisoft NOT understand that Masseffect Andromida is like a month away? There is a TON of content locked behind play time, and most casuals might never even get 10% of the content unlocked before moving on. Im all for having alot of things to do, BUT what point dose the grind turn into a chore rather then a fun activity.Player vs AI, 3 matches of this, i found it boring and even though im getting high amount of take downs AND caping points, my score is always 3-4th on the team, makes little sence considering that im busting my a$$ and higher level players are just breezing through getting all the points.Player VS player, 1v1..... whut? 2v2 Troll double team, 3v3 is meh, and 4v4 is IMO the best, kinda wish the game could do 8v8 though, this Esport 4v4-6v6 is pretty small scale and just kinda boring to me, Like watching or playing golf somthings people enjoy somthings people dont.Lastly AND MOST IMPORTANT...With only Few game hours in and already not liking the multiplayer, the PVP maches are rage quiters wet dream 3 PVP matches in have been in 100% of the time people leave if they are about to loose. And PVAI has some unusual point reward system and slow grind.IMO, the only way this game sells me, is on the single player story has a good sence of progresstion, Co-OP and rewards. The multiplayer PvAI IMO again, could have been skipped entierly on this one and added more content to the  single player/co-op play with a 1v1-2v2-3v3-4v4 arena match style as the only PVP,Over all, sence this game CLEARLY is trying to be a multiplayer PVP Esport somthing, im going to not recommend it. More efort into single player and it would have easly been a thumbs up."
,Recommended,304390,30281489,Posted: 2 March,all,JACKAL_ME_OFF,"After playing this game for 45 hrs all i can say that Apart from connectivity issues this game is awesome. If u have good internet connection u won't face much problem. Graphics are great,gameplay is awesome.if u are fed up by playing fps then pick up this game.optimization is also good which is a surprise for a Ubisoft title. This is a unique game like rainbow six seige.Players only need one thing-""Dedicated game servers"""
,Recommended,304390,30021858,Posted: 18 February,all,╲⎝⧹Marvin42⧸⎠╱,"If you have the patience to deal with disconnects when you make someone rage and promise to yourself that you won't support a rather pointless microtransaction system, then it's worth a buy.The microtransactions can be used to buy gear and unlock your character's progression. While there is very little advantage to doing this considering that with every advantage gear gives you it gives you an equal disadvantage, and skipping your character's progression does nothing to increase your actual skill, the fact that you can purchase these things in a full price AAA title is scummy."
,Recommended,304390,30054286,Posted: 20 February,all,HellwasHere,"Great game, even though it is p2p, wich is the worst part of the deal here, the mp portion is a lot of fun so far, every char is very unique and takes a bit of effort to master each one. The SP is lacking but most will buy this for MP anyways.Its a very unique experience, theres nothing like that out there, and in a world where we get endless sequels to cash in on franchises, we should at least support this type of behaviour, wich is, making NEW GAMES!"
,Recommended,304390,30474113,Posted: 12 March,all,3mpty,good game. If you like medieval games than buy for honor.
76561198018634754,Recommended,304390,30386311,Posted: 7 March,all,Style,"I've never been one to comment on the games I play, though I do tend to rely on a lot of others opinions when helping make my decision so here goes.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameand I ♥♥♥♥ing hate Ubisoft.It's pretty common knowledge now that P2P in this format is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, everyon is crying in pain because Ubisoft is killing a great IP, that (when it works) feels like an amazing fighter reimagined, movement and cancels galore, and oohoohoo how rewarding it feels to make a comeback. A game where the health is an indicator of fragility, but not necessarily how close they are to death.So WHY UBISOFT, WHY DOES THE GAME CRASH AT THE END OF ALMOST EVERY MATCH, RIPPING ME AND PEEPS LIKE ME FROM YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ REWARDS AND ADVANCEMENT?!Ubisoft needs to pull their thumb out instead of working on the next ♥♥♥♥ing game. I wanted to fight for this game, I still do. Each of the friends slowly dropped because of these issues and won't return until they're fixed.Ubisoft...pls...I want this game to work so badly, but until these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'little' connection issues are properly examined and reworked then this game is dying, and the community will die, and Ubisoft will bomb yet another great idea through poor execution.I still want people to play it, even YOU dear reader, if only to feel my plight and join my chorus as we build enough sound to finally shout our combined opinions to those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Ubisoft on their unrealistically high horse."
,Recommended,304390,29985913,Posted: 17 February,all,mhs619,"About This Game:I never really liked Hack & Slash games because of their fast paced gameplay and no tactics (Personal Opinion). They were always set in Fantasy world which I never liked. But when I played the Beta of For Honor and understood this game, I instantly liked it. Because it set on the real world. Despite it being set on a medieval age, The gameplay feels good and real. So I pre-ordered it. The 1 on 1 battle is very realistic and tactical which you need skills and practice to master. And of course there are many Game Modes which are fun to play.About The Story:The story could be hell of a lot better but alas! it's not. The characters are very well made and implemented and strong though the overall story direction or approach is very weak. I wouldn't recommend this game if you are a Story Freak gamerAbout Multiplayer:For Honor is all about the multiplayer which this game is all about. They took the medieval war to a whole new level with multiplayer. You need dedication, Skill and practice to fully enjoy the game which indeed everyone wants from any video games. But still they need to work on matchmaking which takes to much time to matchmake or find players (Maybe it because of this game being a fresh release and there aren't plenty of players). And also which if a player leaves in the middle of  a session, the whole server freezes for all of the players who are still in the session which is very annoying. it takes a little time (Few seconds) to put a Bot in replace of that user who left.Pros & Cons:(In few words)Pros:Realistic GameplayVery good optimization, It runs very good in low spec machines (can't say about AMD)Need tactics and skills to playMultiplayer is awesomeCons:The story is not very goodMultiplayer matchmaking still needs some work doneIt's very hard to play with Keyboard & MouseAlways OnlineNeeds good internet with Real or Dynamic IP (Not shared) to be able to join with friendsNo dedicated serverMy Friends Experience:One of my friend faced an issue on multiplayer where whenever He starts playing with us, He always gets kicked out of the game in 30Secs or more. Later he found a solution of that problem by forwarding some ports from his routerOverall Performance On My System:Video Settings:Resolution: 1920x1080(p)Graphics Quality: ExtremeAnti-Aliasing: TAAAmbient Occlusion: MHBAOI get 70fps average on this settingsMy System:CPU: Intel Core i5 4570 3.2GHzRAM: Corsair Vengeance 1x8GB & 1x4GB (12GB) DDR3 1.6GHzGPU: Gigabyte GeForce GTX 970 G1 Gaming 4GB GDDR5SSD: Samsung 850 Evo 250GB M.2Important Note:*The above views and reviews are totally personal**I'll add/edit more experiences of mine as well as my friends about the game in the coming days**The performance of the game may vary system to system, so if your planning to buy this game so I'd suggest borrow it from a friend and run it on your PC first**Excuse my English because it's not my first language*"
76561198043861720,Recommended,304390,30112762,Posted: 22 February,all,Syravyn,"For Honor: The Ultimate Dueling SimulatorPros:1. Balanced, skill based gameplay2. Co-op story mode3. Wide range of customization for each heroCons:1. Gender Locked classes (Only applies to some)2. Server hosts connection, expect lots of delays if your enemy, you or an ally is on a potato PC3. Mediocre storyRecommended for: People who love darksouls PvP, but without the magic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198065831945,Not Recommended,304390,30100711,Posted: 22 February,all,Hey Alex,"I really love playing this game but it has some issues.its full of connection issuesin game bugsThe balancing of the heros isint the best, you could probally get better balance out of a IOS fighting game.there are 12 heros in the game as of now and you only ever see 3 being played,Orochi,peacekeeper and warden.The Community is really toxic, If you win you get told to kys and if you lose you get told to kys,"
,Recommended,304390,30036935,Posted: 19 February,all,Exeltor,"This review will be divided into the Pros and Cons of the current state of the gamePROS-A great and very in-depth combat system, ""Art of War"", which requires you to react to every move of you opponent, and gives you the tools to block/dodge every attack and outplay your opponent.-The graphical standard of the game is great and realistic, giving you more immersion into the game.-Very well optimized, it runs buttery smooth and the game can be played in a wide range of PC's.-Minimal bugs, which are not frequent and do not majorly disrupt gameplay.CONS- Always-on DRM can be a pain, which demands a steady internet connection-The game has no dedicated servers, instead, multiplayer games are being run in a P2P format. P2P requires a reliable internet connection, with minimal ping spikes in order to have a good experience. This also makes it next to impossible to play with housemates, as you will not be able to join the same game.PERSONAL OPINIONPersonally, I am having a blast playing this game and I believe that it can become something great. In its current state, all I can say that it has its flaws, but I remain open-minded, knowing that the game has just launched and that it can improve in the Cons that I have mentioned above. I am a huge fan of competitive play and this game gives you the tools to excel competitively and I cannot wait for Ranked play to be introduced."
76561198056331228,Recommended,304390,29929954,Posted: 14 February,all,Not Jermsquad,For Honor? More like No Honor.11/10 best backstabbing/ledgekicking/ganking simulator
,Recommended,304390,30046594,Posted: 19 February,all,A|x|A,Worth enough!!!no regret
,Recommended,304390,29972774,Posted: 16 February,all,Bittamelon,"At first, mechanics in game feel really weird (for keyboard and mouse) but as a non button mashing hack and slash very fun to play."
76561198256865324,Not Recommended,304390,30109614,Posted: 22 February,all,$ilbernagel,"The game is fun, when your not going up against sweaty players 20 levels above yours.Fix this ♥♥♥♥ing game ubishit"
76561198008298647,Recommended,304390,30383632,Posted: 7 March,all,Khabby,"After a few hours and following posts and remarks on steam i decided to give this game a revieuw aswell.And actually want to give it a little push in the back, since i see a lot of negativity, and yes most of it is true.Just know , this game is not even a month old yet so i really do hope to see changes along the way, changes like :-More balancing, some heros could use more love and some were balanced wrong.-More gametypes, now u have the choice between slashfest or duels, would be nice with a sort of +4-8 player mode tournament style , you kill your opponent? you get frozen/ghosted till a teammate dies so you can fight his opponent so you have a 1v1 8player mode with knockout/last man standing.(and no i wouldnt change elimination mode, in case people will say ""oh you are just tired of beeing ganged"" .... no its just an idea so people actually have the choice)-Punishment for ragequitters. P2P works ... in duels etc, with 8 players you either have ragequitters freezing the game or just people with terrible connection. So p2p isnt the only problem here its beeing caused by the community itself aswell.-re-think of the faction war system. its unfair considering timezones etc.-re-think the coloring of hero's, i think the customisation is ""alright"" would just be nice with more individual body part coloring.was this game over-hyped? probably.But its still a very nice game :-There are samurai-You can play knights-... VIKINGS!-Very nice combat system-pretty nice graphics-very fun with friends (so you can ignore all those kids playing it)Considering buying it? if you have friends who got it and wont get annoyed by minor stuff or the points above, go for it, or wait for a sale. altho remember by the time that comes, the game will be packed with crazy high lvled players, so your learning curve will be very steep,  hope you are a social person then to grab one of those people by the collar and make them teach you.-To add : about the revieuws shouting P2W, its how you look at it... Yes you can get gear SLIGHTLY faster with real money, everything u need will still drop pretty quick, and you need prestige 3 to get the top gear anyway.so far i only gotten some steel for cosmetics and effects and some cases (not a lot) and am maxed. (for those wondering NO not 100% revenge) so eventually ull get there just slightly slower.----Always go in with a GL&HF attitude and all be fine ----"
,Not Recommended,304390,32995225,Posted: 29 June,all,Arid,♥♥♥♥ing god awful serversdont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045368805,Not Recommended,304390,31327324,Posted: 23 April,all,Aurikoza,"Dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥its loads of reasons why, dont want repeat the same just read others reviews for it. Just want to add one more crap about this game imagine if you want to be good in this game with one hero you need loads of time and money somewhere around 200 hours in game, at that time when you finaly become good and geared boom! patch came out your hero been nerfed it become mess total♥♥♥♥♥♥ congratulations you just waisted 200 hours of you life. And watch it to understand it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtJtNKcqAk0"
76561198339533114,Not Recommended,304390,30848385,Posted: 31 March,all,clfhahas,this game crashmy whole laptop and had to repair for 1 week
76561198138587096,Not Recommended,304390,32154706,Posted: 3 June,all,Gaba,is ♥♥♥♥♥ gaem
76561198026398000,Not Recommended,304390,31567098,Posted: 5 May,all,hulk ali,"This is the worst game I have ever played, and its a damn shame cause It has so much potential, when it ♥♥♥♥ing works! I can't even play the game anymore, playing is a gamble as you will get dropped once you join, during the match, and even at the end of the match. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198041090866,Not Recommended,304390,30817594,Posted: 29 March,all,SuspiciousCheese,Its such a shame. Ubisoft continue to have great concepts but horrendous execution. I cannot see this game recovering in the same way that Rainbow Six Siege did.
,Recommended,304390,30857011,Posted: 31 March,all,TheAlmightyBiscuit,"Gameplay: 9/10Servers: 6/10Story: 4/10Game Balance: 7/10Rate of Updates: 8/10In it's current state, I personally have had no connection issues in a long time with the exception of ubisoft server outages that are sort of expected with ubi now. The balance of the game feels pretty good to me, obviously some characters are going to be better than others but that comes with variation between heroes, it'd be boring if every hero was made so it would be perfectly balance with warden. The two newest heroes, unlike last season, werent immediatly broken on release and are suprisingly very balanced with an array of both strengths and weaknessess. Furthermore, Ubi is actually listening to the community as evidence in their attempts to get dedicated servers for us and the upcoming changes to help remove the defense meta from the top playstyles. I do have to say however, the game is full of bugs and exploits still (take unlock techs for example) and from what we saw in the recent tournement it is clear that more than just defensive playstyles need to be addressed.Overall I'd say it's 7.5/10 and with the right changes it would easily be my favourite game.~Edited since Season 3"
,Not Recommended,304390,34169610,Posted: 11 August,all,Milky Boy,"Still no dedicated servers after so long. I have been waiting since beta for dedicated servers and only recently they have announced that it is ""planned"". Too many technical errors with the game (especially connection problems - lag, kicked out of games for no reason) which makes it literally unplayable.Gameplay is great but technical aspects are♥♥♥♥♥♥Will not recommend until they have dedicated servers."
76561198173875541,Not Recommended,304390,34277361,Posted: 16 August,all,Fat Fuck,"in every game you need one thing , that one thing is balence the people you come across is insane when your low level or your gear isnt as good it effects the game alot they need to improve their servers"
76561198023308936,Not Recommended,304390,30131575,Posted: 23 February,all,Liberals get the bullet too,"Gameplay is fantastic, having a blast. that said I cannot give this game a positive review till they sort out matchmaking and servers."
,Not Recommended,304390,33030361,Posted: 30 June,all,Hupples,Dead game
76561198060402822,Not Recommended,304390,29983671,Posted: 17 February,all,sagerx,the SINGLE MOST WORST GAME I  HAVE EVER PLAYED .mind you the game itself isn't bad but i should have took what people said before i got this♥♥♥♥♥♥the servers OH MY GOD the SERVERS ARE SHIIT they don't work and when by the will of god you can load to the main menuthe moment you join a game and its about to start it Disconnects and then you try AGAIN  and AGAIN  AND AGAIN  and this is what this game experience is all about A RECONNECTION SIMILITUAR DON'T buy this SHIIT Now Wait  two more weeks CUZ GOD KNOWS Ubi♥♥♥♥♥♥couldint make servers for the game because MOENY MONEY MOENY MOENYWill ..... THEY CAN SHOVE MY DOLLARS UP THERE♥♥♥♥♥AS I REFOUND IT FROM THERE MOUTHS
76561198066947233,Not Recommended,304390,30006598,Posted: 18 February,all,oODemonPandaOo,p2p is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
,Not Recommended,304390,29976542,Posted: 16 February,all,[LIR] traviscool,"The game is beautiful. But the servers are so ♥♥♥♥ing bad that you can't enjoy the game. Very cool concept of the game but Ubisoft really needs to focus on there servers. They made a lot of money of this game and R6 Seige, it's upsetting how there  servers are as bad as they are when their community has invested a lot into their company. This is a plea to Ubisoft to upgrade their severs. Please for the love of christ make your games playable and upgrade your potatoe servers!-every person in the For Honor Community"
,Not Recommended,304390,30735651,Posted: 25 March,all,Crusty McDirt,"The gameplay is fun, but currently broken. The gear system is unbalanced and taken advantage of by late game players. This wouldn't be an issue if it wasn't for next problem, matchmaking. Best i can tell, it seems to match you with a team of people that are approximately your skill level, but the opposing team your team plays against is anybody's guess. More often then not, its a stompfest in one direction or the other, rarely a balanced game. These issues are all assuming you can even get into a game with the networking issues. I can not reccomend this game and I have uninstalled it myself."
,Not Recommended,304390,31766009,Posted: 15 May,all,Darren,No ♥♥♥♥ing servers
76561198120727356,Not Recommended,304390,30003045,Posted: 18 February,all,Righteous Panda,"holy ♥♥♥♥, that peer to peer is total crap. massive rates of disconnect. lets not even talk about how much of a money grab this game is. not worth the $60 dollars."
76561197990691825,Recommended,304390,30057292,Posted: 20 February,all,Black-Devil,"an awesome game, i really enjoy it. dont want to make a big post because many others did it already. just wanted to point a few things out:1) game just has released and has a few minor technical issues, which will be definetly fixed soonish2) game is p2p based, which most people dont understand because they cant read the game description.3) game has high skill cap, so most whiny people are just slow/bad and cant deal with it...just keep it in mindother than that there are a few things that ubisoft should change or do better, like mapvoting, choose between skirmish or elimination 100% instead of ""priority"" and some party issues. but i think thats a uplay problem rather than for honor problem"
,Not Recommended,304390,29950623,Posted: 15 February,all,☩ Zach ☩,"Ripped off for another 60 bucks.. at some point im just gonna assume every new game is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥half finished product ive gotta uber tweek to get working correctly.. this game is not worth anymore then 20 bucks for the ammount of content given.. also if your planing on getting this to go with your steam controller atall.. dont bother.. the steam controller kicks you from every match due to ""inactivity"".. all and all im super dissapointed with this.. i really wanted it to be atleast halfway good.. thanks for the trickary and stealing from me ubisoft.. ♥♥♥♥ing con artists.. and if i request a refund a good company like steam takes a hit.. wtf..Refunded.. thanks valve.. the white knight of gaming..."
76561198081914557,Recommended,304390,33964871,Posted: 1 August,all,ChromeE17,"In my opinion, this game is good in a couple of ways, even though there are alot of bugs and BS in this game, but somehow i just won't stop playing it. this game is amazing to play with friends though, it's so much fun and we laugh so much! But still. I don't love this game, i like it. But there are aloooot of things the devs need to fix. Instead of addings things. please FIX THINGS!9/10 combat mechanics5/10 me liking the devs8/10 graphics0.01/10 servers3/10 game price10/10 sALtY players10/10 lasagnaRecommended. IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS."
,Not Recommended,304390,29999618,Posted: 17 February,all,Sock the Easter Bunny,"(If you have a controller, I fully recommend this game to you)Oh boy where to start?Servers are ran off of a pretty much peer to peer system, no dedicated servers at all, so all the problems we had with multiplayer games in the early 2000's is existant in this game.No penalty for leaving so everyone just does it, most of the time in pvp, I end up facing a team of Ai anyway.Dodging costs next to no stamina so heavy characters are at a huge disadvantage.And the biggest ♥♥♥♥♥iest part of this game is that mouse controls are garbage, they were better in the beta, I don't know what they did to ♥♥♥♥ it up but, you'll quickly see after fighting someone who can attack fast, that somehow you're not blocking them, then you look down at your guard and see that you've been in the wrong stance those past 2 seconds even though you were moving your mouse that way. The easiest way to fix this problem is instead of the cursor resetting back to the middle after you've changed stances, it could instead just follow your mouse so it stays to the side or topTL:DR - Ubisoft hates paying for decent servers, they'll just use the ones Toontown used to run off of."
76561198012184660,Not Recommended,304390,30164541,Posted: 25 February,all,Satori,Connection
,Not Recommended,304390,31248534,Posted: 19 April,all,rayfireblast,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198151579197,Not Recommended,304390,30930773,Posted: 3 April,all,lanceknowsthat,"Big part of the game is multiplayer, the matchmaking is unbalanced to all hell.Pay to win. Simple"
,Not Recommended,304390,34084679,Posted: 7 August,all,dretahølk,"Good combat, lame gamemodes, no dedicated servers, unstable as ♥♥♥♥, pay to win.UBISOFT."
76561198120873350,Not Recommended,304390,30675999,Posted: 22 March,all,Hawk1490,"this game has so many problems that a free to play game is better. it has no decated servers, bugy blocking, lots of lag swiching, lock on don't work some times, some maps u fall through the world. this game is also vary not friendly to new players. when i just started out i had to fight people lvl 5 perstige with a armor rate of 105 it don't pair me up with someone closer to my lvl. Domanation is vary unbalanced some game it has all the vary high lvl people on one side and vary low lvl people on the other side making it vary one sided fight that lasts 10mins not even some times. The game in my opinon is not worth $79.99. it should be $1.95. really bad game not worth the time what a disappontment."
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,304390,30675055,Posted: 22 March,all,Darkside99x,Kinda shallow gameplay even if u can get a game.
,Not Recommended,304390,30092508,Posted: 21 February,all,Connor,This game is honestly utter♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,30888655,Posted: 1 April,all,Zyzzx223,"Singleplayer: Awesome. Loved it, and had no glitches while playing it. It was way too short though.Multiplayer: Actually a turd disguised as a game.While I loved the single player and the feel of the game and the mechanics etc, its not good enough by itself to be a $60 game. The P2P crap is rough, and makes multiplayer feel very broken, let alone the unbalanced classes when the game actually works.This game was the last straw for me, and I have decided never to buy these AAA $60 hype train games again. Unfortunate because the game shows a lot of promise, but to be good it requires dedication. Which companies dont want to give, they only want your money.If this is on sale for like $25, and you have some cash, the single player is ok. Only like 6 hours or so though, so maybe not even then."
,Recommended,304390,30990588,Posted: 6 April,all,Tommy Pickles,Completely amazing style. It has a solid gameplay that makes me get hooked each match.
76561198159702561,Not Recommended,304390,30775458,Posted: 27 March,all,NotYourFriend,This game is one of the most broken game i have ever played not as broken as CS GO but its around that bad. In this game the guard brake is 100% broken people just spam it with little to no stamina loss also half of the characters are broken to the point where you cant even do anything because they just incapacitate you constantly like valc for example when the guard brake you and sweep you off your feet most of them just do this over and over until your dead and its damn near imposible to defend yourself. mm - matchmaking is also broken this game pares a new players to the game up against experienced players and not people around there own skill lvl so many new players get discouraged bacause people who know the game better than them beat them so new players lose interest. this game is fun but there are alot of problems with it to the point where i do not recommend it to any one at least not until the fix the obvious problems plaguing this could be good game. just to mention i love this game its fun and original but at its current state this game needs to fix its♥♥♥♥♥♥or this game is dead in like the next half year to a year maybe not even that and i would hate to see i good idea go to waste just because of some♥♥♥♥♥♥ideas that stayed and came to this game.
76561198038412534,Recommended,304390,30731021,Posted: 25 March,all,mjah87,great game if you enjoy pvp. single player sucks and some of the community is a bit salty
76561198096557871,Recommended,304390,31201855,Posted: 17 April,all,TIGER,"Awesome,ingenious action scheme.Put the Unsatisfactory plot aside, it deserves to be rated as a masterpiece.I love that theme,and i support it."
,Recommended,304390,32201770,Posted: 5 June,all,SignalZ,"The game is like the best game if it was not broken. it's very good, if you get pairred with the right people. if they would just balance the characters, before the implement them.The game has some flaws too. It needs a lot of balanceing. The connection of the game servers are also unstable. There is also a lot of other small bugs, but i expect them to be fixed soon.Summary of the game: it's good and fun, but it's broken, and unbalanced. i hope that this is fixed within the next 2 years, at a maximum."
,Recommended,304390,32231605,Posted: 6 June,all,Garm,"+ Great combat- Poor connection (p2p)a game like no other, sadly we must do with it`s flaws... until other one is made with this combat system."
76561198272717759,Not Recommended,304390,29949904,Posted: 15 February,all,Poljanan,The game won't even ♥♥♥♥ing run! Screw you Ubisoft! You and EA need to die in a fire!
,Not Recommended,304390,30154880,Posted: 24 February,all,capitalfusion,"Positive: Super fun combat, and great graphicsNegative: Doesn't work on my secondary drive, do I had to delete my VALUEBLE ssd space. Riddled with microtransactions an dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Also, the 2v1 battles are kind of B.S."
76561197985163261,Not Recommended,304390,31795756,Posted: 16 May,all,Lemons On My Chain,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
76561198059116276,Recommended,304390,30950245,Posted: 4 April,all,Kareless,"I've played over 100 hours on the xbox one and just recently bought the game again on PC to participate in more tournaments.Conclusion:Its a great game but not for everyone. If you are willing to put in a lot of time to be competitive this game is definitly worth the money it is alot of fun has a VERY high skill cap and an active community with regular tournaments, however if you are looking for a game to play more casualy you probably wont get any fun out of it as you will be stomped by people who understand the meta which is not tought well in any of the in game tutorials if you are not willing to put in the time to learn these things or dont have a friend who can walk you through it, it can be frustrating to get past the steep learnign curve. Also, since there is no split screen you can't slowly learn the meta with local friends before going online like you can in most fighting games.There are only 2 or 3 game modes that have lasting appeal, if you are more interested in the 1v1 2v2 or 4v4 elemination style game modes you can get a lot of time and fun out of this game, however, if you were drawn in by the massive moba esque control point capturing game mode you might be disappointed to find it lacking depth and getting old pretty fast, thought that is far more subjective than the rest of my review.ADDRESSING SOME COMPLAINTSThe game is a great non conventional fighting game with a strong meta and playerbase. People who complain about balance are generally being a little picky, while no game will ever be perfectly balanced and there are certainly charcter tiers in this game aside from one or two character who are just bad most characters are balanced very well you just need to know how to play against specific playstyles. As for the complaints about microtransactions I dont really understand what people are complaining for. I got the game at launch and at this point I've already goten everything for every I want for every character that I play without spending any money or even specificly farming money in game, i was able to unlock all of it by just passivly playing the game.People also complain a lot about the connection issues and this is a real problem though not as big a problem as some make it out to be. I personly dont have much issues with disconnections but the P2P servers can cause some frustrating moments in a game that relys heavily on reaction. That being said while this is the area that needs the most improvement I dont think it is game ruining. If i had to estimate I would say 1 out of 10 games you play you may experience a moment or two of lag that gets you a bit tilted, then 1 out of maybe 15 or 20 game you play you might experience a dc, though most disconnects arnt from server side but from rage quiters. (I have 300mbs down internet for reference)OTHER COMPLAINTS,this game has a VERY steep learning curve its easy to think you have a handle on what you are doing since it offers mulitple tutorials however there are absolutly essitial points of meta that are left out of all in game training that can leave you at a massive disadvantage without you even knowing you are missing something."
76561198113571838,Not Recommended,304390,30595955,Posted: 18 March,all,Splayard,Cancerous community and broken gameplay
,Recommended,304390,34229065,Posted: 13 August,all,[TA] Rofak,"Most of the bad reviews for this game are because of the bad peer to peer servers and poor monetization decisions made by the devs/publisher, which they have done alot to fix their errors. The p2p connection usually works well and when it does it's a pretty good fighter. All fightrers are salt mines. I recommend it because its got good gameplay, and on that alone. The rest needs work."
,Not Recommended,304390,31792189,Posted: 16 May,all,FistyMcButthole,"♥♥♥♥ you Ubi you piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, fix this p2p mess, and stop ♥♥♥♥ing over your players. Made me wait ♥♥♥♥ing 2 hours to update for NOTHING. Charge me $40 for two new characters. ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561197968615426,Not Recommended,304390,29927007,Posted: 14 February,all,Grey,"If you're using a DS4 - you're out of luck. This game supports zero input when in game if you have a DS4 connected. That's right, if you have a DS4 connected, it won't even accept your keyboard and mouse inputs. You have to physically unpair your DS4 through bluetooth for it to work. So, I put aside the $500 Premium Motherboard feature (built in BT) and $50 controller, and tried it out with a keyboard and mouse- it was not intended to be played this way, but it plays okay I guess.edit: If I start the game with keyboard and mouse, then switch on my DS4, it seems to work rather nicely now, so +1 for that- in fact, more optimized than I'm used to for PS controls- it immediately detected it as a PS4 controller and not Xbox as usual.They practically force two tutorials on you, I don't know why- but I can only speculate it's to eat more time. I *barely* finished the first mission and I'm currently on 52 minutes- and the first mission is like, I don't know, couldn't have been more than 10-15 minutes; there are a lot of cutscenes and stuff too. I assume it'll be hard for people to really know if they want to play the game or not before the refund 2 hour time period is expired- nothing much has happened at all.And I know what you're thinking- that's far fetched? Well, it would be, but this is Ubisoft. If this was any other studio I'd give them the benefit of the doubt; not Ubisoft- I expect this kind of underhanded bs from them.At it's core, For Honor is made by developers, programmers and especially Animators who know what they're doing. It looks good, it feels pretty good (although, to my tastes, slightly too casual) and it's pretty optimized, at least with my setup. The game has a really cool story and general idea behind it, and I'm sure it'll be host to a couple of good timesif and whenit works as intended.Everyone else is complaining about servers and crashes, and I haven't even gotten to that level of Ubisoft fun yet, so I'm looking forward to playing the next one hour and eight minutes before sending this for a right refund. If it can sway me to keep it in 68 minutes, I'll edit my review.edit: I've got about 4 minutes left. Even though it now has been working fine with my DS4 for nearly an hour, it's still just kind of bland. It's okay, itlooksamazing, but it just kind of feels bland. Almost like an iOS game or something. Swipe in this direction, swipe in that direction, press next, press next again, swipe on a bunch of enemies, press next. Honestly, for a title with so many people saying how fun it is to play, it feels great and all, but in all fairness it's bland as hell atm. Doubt I'll keep playing it, thankfully I can get a refund still."
76561198073126882,Not Recommended,304390,30063747,Posted: 20 February,all,JackvonKnife,Fix your goddamn servers
,Not Recommended,304390,30371029,Posted: 7 March,all,@STORM╞λкΣ╡CP9@,Terrible connection.
76561198239704380,Recommended,304390,30549710,Posted: 16 March,all,Sir Seaneth of Claiborneshire,"Pros:Gameplay is fantasticGraphics look great even on LowRuns extremely wellCustomization is beyond epicController support, doesn't feel like an advantage or disadvantageCons:Peer to Peer connectionsMicrotransactions (not that big of a deal but worth mentioning)Season pass (common these days, but still a con)Gear that determines your overall stats are obtained through random end-game rewards and randomized loot cratesThe overall level of all your characters combined determines who you are matched with, despite which character you might want to use. If you have an overal level of 10, but want to use a brand new character (level 0), you could be matched with a player using a level 10 character. This matchmaking system encourages players to use one character and not diversify, which leads to a lot of games encountering the same 4 or 5 characters all using the same tactics, despite the players being completely different. It gets pretty stale after a while of playing the same character, and fighting the same characters. Trying a new character is very difficult unless you decide to fight bots, but you earn less experience.Conclusion: Its a brand new game. The little bits and pieces work great, but probably the most important parts aren't quite polished yet. However, this tends to be common. I have a feeling that Ubisoft will try to fix some of these issues (maybe by allowing you to select your character before entering matchmaking, and then matching players based on the chosen character's level rather than the player's overall level). I feel that if you want a game that looks awesome and feel satisfying when you beat someone or win a game, but are prepared for some quirks and issues, then its a good buy."
76561198092459253,Not Recommended,304390,31916342,Posted: 23 May,all,Naked Snake,"Дауны не могут в апдейты, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и всю игру, молодцы"
76561198043428448,Recommended,304390,32225708,Posted: 6 June,all,xMaracx,"All of the negative reviews I've seen take one bad thing and blow it clearly out of proporiton. At this point I don't even want to talk about the actual game cause chances are if you're looking up reviews currently you're wondering about the playerbase. The game isn't dead, yes it lost players but it's nowhere near as dead as these morons claim it is. You know what will happen though? These morons will make that happen because theyre stifling playerbase growth with their overblown ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whoring and then saying♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""its just ubishit anyway"". Yes the game has issues, yes the new characters are problematic, but no its not that bad, and this is coming from a player who hates the shinobi with a burning passion (who also plays centurion though). And why the hell are these morons calling them dlc characters, they're dlc only for the early access period and can be unlocked with steel later. Yes their unlock price is steep if youre just coming into the game but considering they adjusted gearscore not to be as cancer as it was before, those unlocks will be your main steel sink unless youre really into getting the mythic outfits. If you just got into the game go play duels and if youre getting wrecked ask for tips, yes chances are the other person might be a trolling jerk but its also not out of the picture theyd be willing to explain some things.tldr: the playerbase is fine, play duels to learn stuff, ask people, screw the ♥♥♥♥♥s actively trying to kill this game just because they hate ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,304390,30935936,Posted: 3 April,all,[DGF] Martin Walker,"♥♥♥♥♥s on fire, yo"
,Not Recommended,304390,34069113,Posted: 6 August,all,Gamejnkie,"Lets start with the postives:Love the gameplayGorgeous VisualsIt runs fairly wellThe theme is awesome. Knights vs Vikings vs Ninjas? Yes pleaseNow for the bad parts:Peer to Peer-ughThe devs don't seem to listen to the communitySo many microtransactionsDid I mention that peer to peer sucks?The player base is mostly gone at this pointYou have to use Ubisofts bum♥♥♥♥♥launcherThis game had so much potential. Soooooo much. By not listening to the community, not fixing their♥♥♥♥♥♥early, and by being greedy (as Ubi tends to be) they killed all of that potential.Great game, bad developers."
,Recommended,304390,31576536,Posted: 6 May,all,crème de la crème,Its pretty good
,Not Recommended,304390,30213858,Posted: 26 February,all,Nathen Stark,"First off I played this game in the beta and absolutely LOVED it, but after only playing a few hours I see all of these problems1. really REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking2. bleed is less annoying but still annoying3. shield guys are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t4. did i already bring up the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking?PROS1. combat is good once you get used to it2. always a chance of a comebackAll in all, I would not pay the askin 60 bucks for the game untill they fix matchmaking and balance the characters"
76561198006712815,Not Recommended,304390,30348383,Posted: 5 March,all,Il15S,baaaaaaaaad
76561198030516814,Not Recommended,304390,30213405,Posted: 26 February,all,zeusotile,all online and cant play
,Recommended,304390,29954318,Posted: 15 February,all,Cap'n Crunch,I see why people are rating this game bad and talking about th emicro transactions but you don't have to pay for any DLC and the season pass is for getting boosts and stuff early so I don't know why you are saying the game is money grab I mean 60 dollars is maybe a little much for the game right now but eventually i'm hoping peole will learn that just because you can add money doesn't mean you have to.
76561197984892423,Not Recommended,304390,30340498,Posted: 5 March,all,Muscarine,"This is my first negative review ever.Since you're wondering if you want to invest your money in For Honor the simple answer is don't.For me and others it's too late, but there's no reason you should fall into the trap.20+ years of gaming and i had less connectivity issue setting up LANs with friends in the 90's.Unacceptable, shameful, inexcusable, laughable.Even when miraculously the game manages to recover the session it ends up freezing half the time and leaves you against bots the other half because everyone else crashed.Make sure your alt+f4 and ctrl+alt+del keys are in proper working conditions, these are the combos you will use the most.On top of this the game's balance is an absolute joke, and considering what they came up with during the first balance patch it doesn't bode well for the game's future.When you begin the combat system seems enjoyable, and then you realise quick unpredictible LMB spam and/or CC vortex is all what the game is about, meaning 90% of the game's mechanics are useless.And then to top it all, feats instagib mechanics dressed with different FXs but all doing the same really : 1hko with a useless AoE warning you can't move away from in time anyway.As long as the game stays in this unacceptable state there is no reasonable way it can earn a positive rating."
,Not Recommended,304390,34385740,Posted: 20 August,all,Ra Ra Rasputin,"LETS MAKE EVERY DLC CHARACTER JUST PURE BROKEN BECAUSE WHO DOESNT WANT TO BE HIT WITH COMBOS WITH NO CHANCE OF RECOVERYREVENGE MODE? CAUSE WHY DOESNT SOMEONE WHO JUST HOLDS DOWN C TO BLOCK EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN GET REVENGE 3 TIMES IN A SINGLE FIGHT NOT GET IT 3 TIMES?LETS MATCH NEW PLAYERS AGAINEST PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAD THE GAME SINCE THE START BECAUSE WHY NOT? LEVEL 1'S VS LEVEL 50 + OH WHAT FUN!FIGHTING A CENTURION OR A GLADIATOR 1V1? WANT TO WIN? BETTER HOPE YOU HAVE A CATAPULT OR BOMBS AT THE READY! BECAUSE IF YOU DONT YOU WILL HAVE NO STAM IN 2 SECONDS WHILE THEY CONTINUE TO BEAT THE LIVING♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF YOU!PAY TO WIN? WHY NOT EVERYONE LOVES THAT BECAUSE WE HERE AT UBISOFT KNOW WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT! said no one ever, besides for you know...... UbisoftLETS COPY THE HOW THE TSA SCANS RANDOM PEOPLE AT THE AIRPORT, AND USE THAT SAME METHOD FOR OUR EASY ANTI CHEAT, BECAUSE WHO DOESNT LOVE GETTING KICKED FOR EASY ANTI CHEAT 25% OF THE TIME, AND THEN LETS MAKE THEIR FRIENDS WHO WERE PLAYING WITH THEM FORCE THEM TO FINISH THE MATCH SO THEY WONT GET A 10 MINUTE  PLAY PENALTY!LOWER OUR BOX PRICE? WHY WOULD WE DO THAT? THE GAME HAS ONLY BEEN OUT FOR MONTHS! WHY WOULDNT EVERYONE WANT TO PAY 60$ FOR A BROKEN PAY TO WIN GAME?OK HOLD ON LETS GO BACK TO THIS REVENGE MODE THING, A HIGHLANDER, GLADIATOR OR A CENTURION GETTING REVENAGE MODE? YEAH YOUR WHOLE TEAM MIGHT AS WELL JUMP OFF A CLIFF BECAUSE THEY SCREWED BUDDY.HOW ABOUT EVERYTIME SOMEONE GOES TO CLICK MULTIPLAYER WE SHOW WHO IS WINNING IN THE WAR MAP? THIS FEATURE ALONE TAKES 5 MINUTES TO SEE SOMETHING NO ONE GIVES A♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY PLAYOH HOW ABOUT WHEN YOU COMPLETE A MATCH (I said complete not win, I didnt buy the season pass so i dont win)WE SHOW YOU EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN THAT YOU GOT FROM COMPLETING (Not win) THE MATCH!EVEN THE TOURNAMANTS FOR THE GAME ARE WON BY PEOPLE EXPLOTING BUGS TO WIN (For 10k id cheat to though lets be real thats alot of money)OH YOU THOUGHT GAMES WERE SUPPOSED TO GET BETTER AND LESS BUGGY AND KEEP A CONNECTION TO THE NETWORK AFTER MONTHS?  hahahahahaahhahahahahaha think again.....LETS FOCUS ON NEW COOL CHARACTERS WHO ARE BROKEN AS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND NOT FIX...... THE ACTUAL GAMEI like it though its alot of fun when it works...... WHICH IS 25% OF THE TIME DUE MOSTLY IN PART TO THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T THAT IS CALLED MATCHMAKING"
,Not Recommended,304390,30021786,Posted: 18 February,all,Pun Dog,"Peer-To-Peer based, no servers, so your skill depends heavily on the quality of the connectivity of all involved players (Bad ping? High packetloss? Regardless if it's you or the others: expect a really really laggy game). Regarding the game mechanics: There is no concept of ""initiative"". No punishment mechanism for stamina-heavy play style (pure hit and run favoured game). Conclusion: fast learn curve, low skill ceiling means low-skill-game -> spam/gamble to win game. And 1vX-fights feel clunky and have less to do with skill because of the ""revenge"" ability."
,Recommended,304390,29949023,Posted: 15 February,all,Revenge,⁢
76561198068216693,Not Recommended,304390,32144220,Posted: 2 June,all,☭GoGoDani☭,"Read the rest of the reviews, you'll see a common theme... still gonna play it tho."
76561197962376793,Not Recommended,304390,32139767,Posted: 2 June,all,123,Unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥
76561197987816584,Not Recommended,304390,30278373,Posted: 2 March,all,TNTD,"If you like constant server issues despite it being Peer To Peer, horrible class balance and schizophrenic game design then boy is this the game for you!"
,Recommended,304390,29998769,Posted: 17 February,all,Epicmonk117,"For Honor is one of those games that only comes around every once in a while: a Ubisoft game that isn't an Assassin's Creed game or a Tom Clacey game or a spinoff/ripoff of one of an Assassin's Creed or Tom Clancey game.  However, that's merely a superficial bonus - the REAL meat of this game is in the combat, which nearly perfectly blends the third-person hack-and-slash combat of Dark Souls (A.K.A. the best game ever) with the combo strings of fighting games, including light/heavy attacks, guardbreaks, throws, feints, dodges, parries, attack chains, and 3 attack directions.  I only have three problems with it at the moment:1.) It uses Ubisoft servers rather than Steam Servers2.) I can't seem to play online against other players - fighting bots with other players on my team is fine, but the game won't let me play against other players without losing 1-2 fps and the game immediately kicking me from the game3.) It can be a bit glitchy at times - the two most memorable glitches were where my heavy attack button kept getting bugged and connected to the lock-on function, and when I get stuck for some reason with my controls doing bugger all.The story for the singleplayer campaign is... nothing to write home about.  It's not terrible, but neither is it amazing, and it's DEFINITELY not worth 60 bucks alone.  This is a game to buy for its multiplayer rather than its singleplayer.  Overall, it's a great game with a solid gold core and some glaring bug issues that need to be addressed, but they don't detract from the awesomeness of the game.  10/10 IGN would totally recommend."
76561198336446181,Recommended,304390,29934951,Posted: 14 February,all,Corey,Pretty great game can play on end. Had a great story and cool characters in it and the multiplayer is pretty fun.
,Recommended,304390,31327526,Posted: 23 April,all,Pneumatrap,"First, let me say that half the reason I'm typing this out is to take inventory of my thoughts on it. This is an outstanding game, and loads of fun. Let me say that you DO NOT want to buy it at full price, at least not in its current state. I've played since the open beta, and even with the complaints I have, I'll continue to do so. The combat system is technical yet fluid, has several distinct tiers of player skill, and is surprisingly addictive. Now, who's ready for the string of giant BUTS that follow?1) The netcode is a CRIME AGAINST GOD AND MAN. Famously so. This game uses a 'novel new peer-to-peer layout system' or some such that... actually worked great for a lot of people for the first couple weeks of release. Many of us it never worked for, some of us still have it working fine, and some of us had it crap out a couple weeks in thanks to an alleged 'fix' that they made. Somehow, I don't know how, the first patch to improve network functionality did the precise opposite for more than a couple players, myself included, and made us experience the same connectivity problems as the players who'd been having them from day one. On to the problems you get when it's not working great.Let's tackle the elephant in the room here first: the random disconnects. Sometimes you can fail matchmaking ten times in a row, only to be abruptly kicked within two minutes when you finally get into a match, or you can get up to the last few moments of a match and then be suddenly disconnected, making the fifteen minutes you just spent fighting moot. There are NO warning signs as to when this could happen, and you start living in paranoia. Next, there is a constant level of lag for everyone that isn't the host,and sometimes even for them. Lastly, and this one hits everybody, the matchmaking is prone to crashing out of the lobby and/or hanging, and for some reason it'll sometimes try for ten minutes to connect to a full lobby. They could try to patch up their P2P networking into something usable, or they could just set up a goddamned server, it's not that hard. I'll personally be fine with either.2) Not the game itself, per se, but the community is cancerous. I don't just mean that people get salty when they lose. No. It's a blight. So much so as to be off-putting. This community is worse thanLeague's, which, for those of you unfamiliar, is already quite atrocious, and one-upping it is a goddamn accomplishment. This game needs chemo. Swastika and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥player emblemsabound(good luck playing an hour without seeing at least one, unless you keep disconnecting like in #1), people have complete double standards about play, cheap move combos that are counterable unless you're under any amount of lag (which you nigh on literally always are, see #1) get spammed right and left, people killsteal and run around hampering you with friendly fire that staggers but doesn't meaningfully damage... yeah. It's a real ♥♥♥♥♥how. Not recommended for those with thin skin or with no patience or sense of humour.3) Where the DLC at? The season pass is an exorbitant FORTY dollars, and now, several months after launch, we've not even seen a release about what's supposed to be coming.4) What the actual ♥♥♥♥ happened with the GUI? It looks beautiful! Most of it's laid out very logically! Unfortunately, the part where you actually INTERFACE with your gorgeous interface is all kinds of wonky, and seldom do you use the command you'd think you would to accomplish something in a menu. Furthermore, anything you're not intended to constantly use (like the report button) tends to wind up in some or other arcane and forgettable place, leaving you scrambling for the report button when you see your third swastika of the day cussing out everyone in the match over nothing, and find yourself tired of dealing with it.5) Gaining ingame currency is... odd. A lot of people here are saying that it's a painfully slow process. Well, they're right. They're also wrong. See, in terms of actualplaytime, it can be anywhere from glacial to lightning quick, as the best way of gaining currency is to either pay for it in the shop (see #6), or to do your daily assignments. Currency gain per completed match or story mission is negligible, which is problematic and actively discourages the longer play sessions pretty much everyone is inclined towards.6) There are microtransactions in a paid game. That's kinda messed up, I think we can all agree on that much. Now, the nature of the transactions is a lot like in Warframe, where it's not so much 'pay to win' as 'pay to not have to farm like mad.' I personally don't mind that, but I know more than a few of you do, so I'm including it here.Basically, if the gameplay wasn't so engaging, I'd think this was a mobile game. At the end of the day I'd recommend it, I guess. If Ubisoft can get their act together and give it some DLC, usable networking, and good, proper patches, it'll be one for the ages. Mileage may vary as to whether you think they will.TL;DR:The gameplay itself is fantastic, everything else ranges from bizarre-but-acceptable, to inconsistent, to godawful."
,Recommended,304390,29934963,Posted: 14 February,all,Tabasco,DEUS VULT!
76561198036707277,Recommended,304390,29964439,Posted: 16 February,all,[Ex]Pre$idente,Negative reviews are getting frequent because of the connection problems but i think they will get fixed (even tho i am not having  problems and people these days are just salty af and are obsessed with ranking and dedicated servers). The gameplay is unique and really addictive and fun expecialy with friends. i would raccomend this game to most gamers and please wtf is wrong with people writing the reviews?
,Not Recommended,304390,29979084,Posted: 16 February,all,"Travel Ban, Now!","No, and heres why.Combat sucksImbalancedHardBoringComplicatedRidiculous Controls...If you buy it... expect to know how to make a refund!"
,Not Recommended,304390,35099296,Posted: 21 September,all,TGJacovich,"This game is horrendouly awful, do not waste a single penny on this piece of garbage. It is plagued by horrible servers,  even worse gameplay, and a combat system that infers that the average IQ of the Ubisoft employees who made this may dwindle to single digits. Except for the animation team, you guys are great."
,Not Recommended,304390,34316968,Posted: 17 August,all,Giant Dad,"This game makes me sad.It has so much potential and is really fun with friends but it is all let down by the ignorant devs at ubisoft. They don't balance characters, they implament broken counters, they try to get you to buy dlc at every point and the servers are aweful. If it had a bigger community and wasn't by ubisoft then it would be fun. I am so disapointed."
,Recommended,304390,30124015,Posted: 23 February,all,Banana,"""For Honor""(honor sold seprately)"
,Not Recommended,304390,30155322,Posted: 24 February,all,Van City Chris,"played it for a bit, seemed fun, not as large scale as i hoped. Refunded due to peer 2 peer."
,Not Recommended,304390,34372882,Posted: 20 August,all,zak1151,No
76561198147186108,Not Recommended,304390,31681259,Posted: 11 May,all,Momo_187,the dogs claimed they refunded me my cash. didnt get anything back.such a bad game. over hyped. like legit. i waited how long to play this. and refunded within an hour
,Not Recommended,304390,30074363,Posted: 21 February,all,Deathwing,"Pros:- 1v1 combat is fun and difficult to master.- High skill based game- Graphics are great, campaign is fun.Cons:- Multiplayer is very slow to find matches.  Entire experience feels slugish.- The UI could use some work.- AI can be easy to beat once you get the mechanics.- Peer to peer system makes multiplayer experience poor.- Some classes need balance.- Multiplayer will split you up from your party at random, this is probably a glitch.Overall the game isn't worth the $60 in its current state.  If they fix how slow it is to find matches and load into games then I can see it.  Currently you'll spend about 30% of your time in a loading screen waiting to play a match.  My average wait time has been around 5-8 min per match."
,Not Recommended,304390,31185553,Posted: 16 April,all,Patriarch,A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)A Network Error Occurred. Returning to main menu. (0004000008)
76561198067638926,Not Recommended,304390,29947042,Posted: 15 February,all,Sapherno11,"First of all, let me start out by saying I'm giving this a negative review because of Half the aspect of the game. PvE is a blast, and fun.But PvP is broken. Why you ask? Because the game doesn't care what level or rank you are, Meaning, a new player can be thrown in against rank 8-11 players (this did happen to a friend of mine when he was rank 1). At that skill difference, according to my friend he couldn't even really get a hit in.So, as a new player, your forced to face off against opponents who have been playing a LOT more matches then you, leaving you on the loosing end. No matter how good you are, no matter how skilled you are, a Rank 1 cannot defeat a rank 11, especially with the gear difference.Any game that forces new players to throw themselves into suicide missions over and over again gets a negative review from me.That's also besides the fact the game STILL has connection issues, which shouldn't ever happen with a 60 dollar pricetag.EDIT: After my own experiences with PvP I am getting a refund. Out of the 5 matches I played in pvp against other players, I managed to get 1 single kill. Let that sink in. 1....single...kill.New players are at SUCH a disadvantage its not even funny. Not going to waste my time"
,Not Recommended,304390,30655716,Posted: 21 March,all,Lemillion,"It looks nice, plays nice if you get matched with decent people or with friends. But the matchmaking and combat leave a lot to be desired. It's extremely unbalanced.I have 46 hours on here. That's 46 hours of pure frustration of assassin players running away from me, 46 hours of being gangbanged by a team of samurai weebs, 46 hours of being poisoned with no time to block, 46 hours of being ♥♥♥♥ing stunned.Would not recommend unless you want to be a complete troll or want to throw your computer into a wall."
76561198063761316,Recommended,304390,29930083,Posted: 14 February,all,Hot Potato,"Step 1: Choose a faction: tincans, rednecks, or weaboos.Step 2: Spend 15 minutes trying to figure out the controles.Step 3: Spend another 15 minutes trying to figure out how to play as warden.Step 4: I think I'm good to go.Step 5: join a PvP dominion match.Step 6: Couldn't join match because its fullStep 7: Join another PvP matchStep 8: Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a lvl 15 berserkerStep 9: LoseStep 10: Maybe PvAi is better for me at the momentStep 11: Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by botsStep 12: Win because of your good teammates with the K/D of 2/8Step 13: Maybe I should play storymodeStep 14: Starts chapter 1Step 15: Smash potsStep 15: Observe thingsStep 16: Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the first boss.Step 17: Could not connect to servers.Step 18: Has to replay chapter 1 all over again.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198077911965,Not Recommended,304390,30929140,Posted: 3 April,all,Mugen (無幻),"This game is trash. Do not help support companies that abuse the system, and put out games that are broken simply for quick pocket money. Everything about this game caters to enticing you to pay more and more, and it's already a 60 dollar game that doesn't even come close to giving you that value. Overall I wish to put explicatives here for how much of a dissappointment this game has been. It will take me a long time before I even consider purchasing from this company again."
76561198093444247,Recommended,304390,30065221,Posted: 20 February,all,Testacle,"Don't listen to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who say that it's p2w because it not. Peer to peer is painful but that should not stop you from playing the game. It's fun, it's competetive, and it is satisfying when you do something that you didn't realise you could do. 10/10 would cheese again."
,Not Recommended,304390,30384697,Posted: 7 March,all,Quill,"Was alot of fun for the first couple of hours, now it's so bland and boring."
76561198009721287,Not Recommended,304390,34370982,Posted: 20 August,all,Rain Zarvan,Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,304390,30951435,Posted: 4 April,all,Beautiful Duwang,This game actually uninstalled itself. That's how bad it is. I love this game but for real. It's bad. they are taking way to long to fix itEdit: I got banned on the forums because I did what someone did to me.You can't even criticize this game lol. So yea this game is badDon't get it because you'll get addicted and have to deal with this bad game
,Not Recommended,304390,34208711,Posted: 13 August,all,Sharknado,"My friend convinced me to buy this pathetic excuse for a game, I don't know who I hate more right now, my friend or the terrible devs that released this lumpy turd of a game."
76561198158480061,Not Recommended,304390,33631827,Posted: 18 July,all,Skull Mc Curly,"So what makes this game bad? The horribly high price tag for the default game alone? The fact that a $60 game has the microtransactions of a f2p? The awfuly expensive content that takes months of play to unlock? The lack of any REAL content updates since release? How about the game not even working half the time?I'll give the game credit, its a wonderful concept, and couldve been a great fighting game if any care was put into it."
76561197964228910,Not Recommended,304390,30093143,Posted: 21 February,all,<REDACTED>,Garbge online experience.  I should have known better with Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,304390,30422627,Posted: 10 March,all,Setimu,"Spam fest.  Has potential, ruined by the lowest common denominator becoming the meta, and Ubish*t catering to them.  ♥♥♥♥ you, Ubish*t.  Glad I decided not to get the Season Pass."
76561198045844694,Recommended,304390,34679436,Posted: 2 September,all,The Assassin,The price of the game is a bit too much but i find it fun to play.
76561197990556585,Not Recommended,304390,29933021,Posted: 14 February,all,Dobinz,Peer to Peer is ♥♥♥♥ing suck.4v4 game modes are unplayablePending for Refund
76561198111596784,Not Recommended,304390,31885715,Posted: 21 May,all,Walrus,"Its a horrible game, the idea was good, but then ubisoft held a press conference asking , how do we f**k this game up as much as possible, the answer came in a few different forms. Firstly, people complain about gear level matching, which is a pretty big issue, but it woulndt be if the had this little thing called, ""balance"". Unfortunately, the only thing balanced about this game is the system where i can stay connecte- oh wait, even the servers suck.Now, you may look at my hours and say ""you didnt put much time in, what gives you the right to say this"". The simple answer is this, I played the beta, it was balanced, you could only get up to blue gear, which meant, surprise, no one was completely OP. Then the game came out and I thought, should be good right? No. They ruined it, they made it so that matchmaking is broken, servers are pier to pier and suck insanely, parry waiting instead of fighting became a trend, and if you dont have maxed out revenge gear, you will lose every fight.Now, you may think ""but duels dont use gear couldnt you do those?"". Nope, everyone there spams roughly two moves and decides that fun is meant for the weak.Conclusion, only buy if you like giving/recieving cancer."
76561198033783593,Not Recommended,304390,30649502,Posted: 21 March,all,Hurricane,"Fix the F``kin net problem or ur game is die,damn ubi !!Do uself a favor save this game when u still can!!"
76561197970524452,Not Recommended,304390,31782260,Posted: 15 May,all,Rhostadt,"A buggy barely fuctional mess.  The game seems to run well at first.  But you have two choices when trying to play this multiplayer-centric game.  Try 'Player vs Player' and deal with dropped connections, poor matchmaking, and laggy games.  Or try 'Player vs AI' and gamble as to whether you'll get any rewards once you've put the time in.  To really top it off, Ubisoft is not only failing to fix any of the real problems, they're actually making it worse!  Combined with complete incompetence regading character balance, and this game is nothing more than a steaming pile.I don't think there has ever been any game in the last 20 years that I regret buying more than this one."
76561198034363173,Not Recommended,304390,31890868,Posted: 21 May,all,Linknot,"This game had a lot of potential but was ruined by bad connection issues & a disgusting imballence with the hero's.I'm wrting this review 5 days after season 2 launch. I had some fun times with this game during season 1 but i had to also deal with a lot of issues. I have been playing this game now for multiple hours (+- 300 hours) and have mained the conqueror (even after the nerf i still love this guy to death ;)). Following are top reasons why you should NOT buy this game if you know nothing about network config or just want to enjoy a fun game to relax or play casual.***The connection issues were really bad. With proper router config I fixed my NAT so that I could be the host most of the times and have a decent connection during a match. This solved most connection issues for my & everyone in my game. But before the router config I'd get kicked 2/5 matches at random (could be at the end, middle, start of match). To this day most people still experience the same bad connection issues.***Imballence with hero's: during revenge mode some moves of certain characters give now a knock down ability which gives a free downed heavy on opponent. Some could even spam link this untill you are death. Still possible with a lot characters today. Some characters have move sets that are far superior then other characters. I will say with practice you can learn how do deal with this cheese a little but even the devs had to patch multiple times certain characters because it was too difficult to deal with for the casual players.***You need to play this game daily to remain or get good. Now a lot of people like myself probably can't play everyday since we have other stuff going on in our lives. I myself can mostly only play during weekends so my first day is always a bad gameplay day :), after that it get's better. => if you are casual player then you will lose only so I can only recommend to play VS AI if you just want to play casual and don't have tons of time to get really good.Now for all of this I can still live with this game and still enjoy it. The devs gave me the impression that they were dealing with the imballence of the heroes since they nerfed a lot of the top-tier characters and buffed some of the lower tier ones but seeing the direction this game is going with season 2 I can definitely say that you should not buy this game because the devs themselfes are ruining the community. They are clearly implementing the ""pay to win"" strategy. With the release of 2 new characters in season 2 (cent, shinobi) we have the pinacle of imballence for this game.---Shinobi: gathers up all the spam & annoyance that peacekeeper, conqueror, warlord had. I will admit that shinobi has low HP to make up for that so the hit & run tactic I can live with, the double dash kick I cannot. You cannot do anything to decently punish this spam, which could also give you a 33/33/33 situation---Cent: to be honest I expected shinobi to be a peacekeeper of sort but worse, but the centurian takes the OP to the next level. This character has all the possible move sets that all other characters partially have. He has stun, long combo's, heavy mixups, unblockables, push move, fast grabs, a way of draining your stamina, knock down move. Normally a character only has 2 to 3 of these moves but this guy has it all which he can do in 1 never ending combo that pushes you into exhaustion mode and then the match is just over.If this will be the formula for every new character released then the game will be flooded with spammers instead of decent players and will basically break & ruin the game. My prediction will be that cent & shinobi will get their ""kick"" nerfed in the near future (which will reballence a lot) but i'm guessing with every new character it will be the same story all over again."
76561198065651905,Not Recommended,304390,34282747,Posted: 16 August,all,The Law,"UBISOFT IS HANDS DOWN THE MOST INCOMPETENT COMPANY AROUND.This game has been out for 7 months and not only have they barely fixed A SINGLE bug in the game.THE SERVERS are PEER TO PEER. STILL!!!It's the 21st century..... And your sorry excuse for a company cant even give us dedicated servers. Not only is that sad... It is down right disgusting to see in this day and age.The fact this game is fun, competitive, and inovative is a true testiment to why you shouldnt give a game with potential to such a sorry excuse of a company. UBISOFT PLEASE STOP"
,Not Recommended,304390,34281483,Posted: 16 August,all,Sniffinshrooms,This game is the emodiment of a poorly made cash grab.
76561197984915496,Not Recommended,304390,30203115,Posted: 26 February,all,Blue Morpho,"p2p servers. nuff said.a continual count of times I got disconnected due to p2p host bullcrap. Count started Feb 27, 2017Total D/Cs: enough to be disgraceful.Addendum, Times Suspicious Timeouts happened: I'm done counting.Edit: If I were to guess why Shugoki wasnt released in beta, UBISOFT already knew how broken they were, and instead of putting them out to put in the effort to fix it, they'd just release it into the public as a big middle finger to the public. It doesn't matter how beautiful the car looks, if it cant clear the curbs. It's also a load of crap that you can't find anyone on the uplay system after they leave your game. Lagswitching pieces of crap leave INSTANTLY when you call them out on their sh*t, and you can't do anything about it.I no longer want to play this game. It comes down to god awful matchmaking, and just a head shaking p2p networking system. Seriously, ragequitting hosts who may or may not realize they're hosts RUIN games, or worse the ones who KNOW they're host and leave anyway. This is re-g*d-d*mn-diculous.The final boss fight? ....It's f*cking broken. I'm serious. I've almost killed her 4 times, and each time before I get the final hit I will either, A) Get magically frozen in place, unable to move or dodge. B) Apollyon will just hit me. No parry, just this f*cking almost spasm of a whack. I don't even think it'd blockable because it looks like her f*cking arm is breaking to take the swing. It's in a bloody upward arc from the right side. I can't believe this. I want some f*cking pension, it's a poorly developed sack of sh*t that gave me PTSD. Someone get me a dev to pummel."
,Recommended,304390,35457677,Posted: 3 October,all,Wee Weirdling,"This game is an amazing concept badly executed, but Ubi continues to fix it's mistakes and i love thas game from day one!"
76561198332791596,Not Recommended,304390,29939668,Posted: 15 February,all,Hayley Williams,"It crashes all the time at least for me, the server is trash dont use p2p for AAA games anymore its annoying"
,Not Recommended,304390,29963371,Posted: 16 February,all,Sephiroth1147,"(if you want a list of pros and cons then have a look at some other review as I can't be bothered to list them all right now.)It's a great game and I love playing it but it has so many connection issues right now that you spend more time getting kicked from games then playing them.it also likes to freeze when a player leaves and sometimes when you leave a lobby after a match. not even alt f4 works. you can only stop the game by going to task manager and force closing it that way.also it has a very unbalanced matchmaking a lot of the time. some games are fun, but others are just boring as too easy or you get stomped.aside from them things its a brilliantly fun game which you can spend hours getting into. love all the maps and the combat system is incredible. if they can just fix the matchmaking then this game will be golden.If matchmaking gets fixed then my review will change to positive."
76561198026011028,Not Recommended,304390,29963463,Posted: 16 February,all,Michael FaradayZ,My For honor experienceGet 8+ minutes to get in to the game.Immediately someone left.Recovering gameplay state. Synchonizing.The game clashed.Restart and try to find a game .Someone left AGAIN!Stuck in the loading screen had to force close.Repeat.10/10
,Not Recommended,304390,29978863,Posted: 16 February,all,swagerinoswag,It's a great multiplayer game with horrible network issues. I don't recommend getting it until they change the p2p connections.
,Not Recommended,304390,29939669,Posted: 15 February,all,T-rex Dank man,Too many server issues to even be played right now.
76561198057088488,Not Recommended,304390,29965749,Posted: 16 February,all,MrRedeyes,Fun gameGREAT COMBATpeir 2 peir multiplayer for this style of combat is awful though.Would give it a thumbs up if it had dedicated servers.
,Recommended,304390,29934149,Posted: 14 February,all,love it when i cant alttab,i guess it's alrightno dedicated servers is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥so are the microtransactions
76561198108494873,Not Recommended,304390,29933088,Posted: 14 February,all,UnderDog,-RIP PVP..always getting disconnected-no dedicated servers-single player Campaign is funGraphics & Gameplay 8/10Server -8/10
,Recommended,304390,32207453,Posted: 5 June,all,=T1SON=,i love this but i hate this
76561198019409780,Not Recommended,304390,29939086,Posted: 15 February,all,Fanta,"the gameplay is really fun, but I can't play multiplayer when I got ""red nat"".not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,304390,33361772,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"Extremely fun and rewarding gameplay, but the disgusting developer support, awful connection issues and abuse of microtransaction have made me regret its purchase."
,Not Recommended,304390,30942818,Posted: 4 April,all,Được Ăn Cả Ngã Ăn Lồn,An Ubisuck Game
,Recommended,304390,30013751,Posted: 18 February,all,Klonoa,"This game is fantastic despite some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ match making and sever issues.I don't normally post reviews, but the fact that it's ""mixed"" is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid."
76561198026723077,Recommended,304390,29937576,Posted: 15 February,all,Pedropolo,"Pro's:Fun gameplay, great characters, very competitive, absolutely gorgeuos graphicsCon's:P2P servers so there can be some ♥♥♥♥ery with your connection occasionally (i personally have not had an issue with it)Relativly short campaign for $60--18 missions across 3 factions 6 perSummary:i would rate this game 8/10 in its current state and a 10/10 if they get dedicated servers. this game has by far the funnest multiplayer i have played in probly 6 years"
,Recommended,304390,30039451,Posted: 19 February,all,Malichos,"I'll start with the bad, because most people come to a review to see if it's worth it.. I'd say purchase if you can look past the P2P matchmaking (it is quite bad), a number of frustrating bugs, some imbalanced hero issues and the fact the game can be P2W because gear can be purchased with money. Now, some may counter this and say it's not P2W because you still need to level up on your own to receive the gear upgrades.. However, at the same time when you have people only a few days into launch with 80 gearscore and prestige 4 it's kind of an issue because of how the current matchmaking works. So it's ""kind of"" P2W, it really would depend on how you view that in your eyes.Matchmaking is bad, even on strict settings there are no actual overall competitive level, so it's only based on the level/gear of the hero you selected and the skill gap can easily be seen after only playing a few matches. Compare it to CS:GO and it's like putting Silver players against Globals the majority of the time. There currently is not any competitive ranking in game anyway so until that happens this really isn't a total deal breaker.I quite enjoy all the game modes, but I find it strange there are no 3v3 matches even though you can queue with up to 4 people. It's 1v1, 2v2 and then 4v4 only. Dominion is fun, you feel like you're at war and if you get a good match it can go back and forth a lot.The gameplay is fun, stylish and challenging. You have to learn how to block, counter, and attack without just hacking and slashing or you will die, and die a lot! The SP campaign is surprisingly very well done too and I think it's enjoyable experience.Is it a high price? Maybe. It's tough to say at this stage, it's a AAA title so $60 is the norm these days. If you liked games like Dark Souls, Chivalry, Mortal Kombat then you will enjoy this and find it quite gripping.Community is pretty unpleasant already, the typical ""git gud"" or ""ez"" happens in larger matches, where as 1v1 and 2v2 tend to actually have more honor and less cheese style of play, plus friendlier people.Overall I'd give For Honor a 7.5/10. It has a lot of replay value, but Ubisoft needs to make some changes and additions going forward or the game may suffer holding it's playerbase long term."
76561198054749209,Recommended,304390,29937153,Posted: 15 February,all,KinkyTurtle,I think the community needs to go for chemotherapy.
76561198028117586,Not Recommended,304390,30015236,Posted: 18 February,all,AerisNailo,"The premise and the core gameplay itself are ridiculously fun, with the exception of the obviously unbalanced 1v2+ fights that can happen in some of the game modes. The UI could be a bit less cluttered (especially the main menus), but other than that it's all great.That is, until you notice that the game has absolutely no dedicated servers, in a primarily multiplayer competitive fighting game (with one semi strategic mode - Dominion - don't be fooled, that's not the main meat of the game at all and it's definitely the least polished mode by far). That is a big freaking NO-NO and whoever at the top in Ubisoft decided that, should lose their job in the coming weeks (if they had any honor - HAH! - themselves, they would have resigned already), unless they somehow miraculously manage to get rid of peer to peer and implement dedicated servers.In the current state, I cannot recommend the game to anyone who wants to actually enjoy the game as it was obviously intended - in PvP multiplayer. The SP/Coop campaign and bot matches aren't really gonna last you through unless you already have friends with solid internet connections near you who are willing to play with you."
,Not Recommended,304390,33981814,Posted: 2 August,all,JMC 22,Just dont even bother.
,Recommended,304390,29955477,Posted: 15 February,all,Neeson,"2/15/17 Pretty damn fun for the current condition, yes it just came out and expect bugs. However, throwing people off cliffs and bridges is the most satisfying thing I have done, if you're getting thrown off though, I rage and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ Every class is pretty balanced, some samurais are pretty over powered but unlike cs go, this is not rng where you can smash buttons, it requires skill and is very hard to learn in the first 3 hours of pvp. Campaign is short because it sets up for the multiplayer world. If the devs say they will keep adding new content every season, this game will be amazing! Yes, controller is better, but I use mouse and it is just fine!6/11/17 I'm still giving this a thumbs up because I have over 100 hours on this game and it's still pretty fun. This is in no shape or form to be a pay to win game. It's not that hard to grind but it's really time consuming, whether you win or lose, you get the same amount of currency (steel). The servers however are pretty lame, every now and then you will stop right in your tracks and get stopped by the screen saying host is migrating or some kind of bs. For example, I spent a solid 5 minutes in a match, and for all that to go to waste is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Game is awesome and you should definitely check it out!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30047350,Posted: 19 February,all,Xenon,Has DRM not consumer friendly at all. dont buy it so we can show ubisoft to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. and all people do now is throw off of a cliffside/bridge so there is no real combat when it comes to that aspect. and a quite a bit of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransactions. ( buying in game currency with real money)
76561198035688356,Not Recommended,304390,30058692,Posted: 20 February,all,Kidney Gone Sexual,"Really nice game... if it works.Have been playing 2-3 hours in 1v1 matches, various tutorials and a bit of the single player story (wich is actually pretty fun compared to what I've heard). The environments are beautiful and the combat system requires alot of tactics and mind game in order to defeat your opponents.On the other hand, the game is now unplayable for me, as I get massive fps drops whenever I attack, block, parry or get hit (meaning 90% of the game). Getting from 60+ fps to 10-12 whenever I perform these actions in-game. It makes the combat impossible for me, as I lose precious seconds that usualy end up of me getting hit multiple times in a row/getting killed. This problem only appeared after 2-3 hours on gameplay, odly enough. I've tried to sovle the issue with all the tips and solutions I could find on the various forums, but nothing fixes it on my side. After some research, it seems like alot more players are having this problem, and that Ubisoft has said nothing yet about fixing it. Note also that playing 1v1 matches vs an AI won't reward you with anything, everytime I played against an AI the server connexion could not be established, resulting in me not getting any exp/equipment for the match.Overall, good game, for what I could play in that short time. Do not buy as it stands right now, with all these bugs, connexion problems and crashes, it really ruins the experience (at least it did for me). Sitting here now waiting for fix patch to come, with 80$ less in my pockets."
,Not Recommended,304390,30425618,Posted: 10 March,all,Jason Statham,"Join gamePick ConquerorChoose Elimination 4v4PlayYour Team 2 Enemy Team 2Last 2v1 and you get your revengeYou throw both of your enemies downYou kill one of themYou attack the otherHe is low asfYou are ready to end this muchCharge your heavy""An connection error has occured .Returning to Main Menu""PS Im writing this review from my friend's laptop"
76561198353445341,Recommended,304390,29929937,Posted: 14 February,all,SemiNewGuy,"Great game can be frustrating at points, but extremly rewarding experience. Not that youll be reading this, being buried under the huge negative comments."
76561198007721786,Not Recommended,304390,31801349,Posted: 17 May,all,Puni$her,"Where to start, alright maybe with a gameplay. Matchmaking doesn't exist here, most of the time I am getting into games with people with higher prestige and higher gear stats who have an huge advantage over me because they play longer and probably bought ingame money with real cash, yep microtransactions in 60$ game. Most of the time you are getting ganked by 2, 3 maybe even entire enemy team because the simplest way to win is ganking. Ok now the good stuff 1v1 and 2v2 gear stats do not apply here, everything would be nice but some classes are better then the others and since it is ""highly competetive"" game mode people will abuse everything to win expect a lot of wardens, warlords, peacekeepers and orochis. Game requires ♥♥♥♥♥one of grinding to get new shiny toys(gear) but good guys had a nice idea and added premium account to the game which you can buy for ingame currency, you don't have enough steal(ingame currency)? Don't worry we've got you covered take a look at our in game store where you can spend even more real money to buy some fancy stuff. Lets say you are winning a game and suddenly disconnection, happens so many times I have stoped counting, I dont even know what Ubershit is doing with those servers, what am I even saying there are no servers, P2P connection *clap clap. I don't recommend this game, Ubershit screved me over for the last time, don't even bother to wait for sale game will probably be dead by that time. Cheers guys stay away from this game."
76561198026280250,Not Recommended,304390,30346246,Posted: 5 March,all,demarquis21,"I was once told: ""lmao ubisoft doesn't make games you stupid ****, they make marketing experiences"""
76561198068017597,Not Recommended,304390,30051505,Posted: 19 February,all,IM NOT SURE,Should have trust community reviews have you ever wanted to lite 60 dollars on fire? buying for honor is just like that and it come with a♥♥♥♥♥♥game as a bonus DONT EVEN BOTHER WITH THE STEAMING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065250715,Not Recommended,304390,30051490,Posted: 19 February,all,Kelistik,"This game needs to lose peer to peer, when it does I will come back and recommend it. Before then, I do not recommend buying.I also recommend not buying it because this game's use of items is awful and imho ruins the game."
76561198057177737,Not Recommended,304390,30226103,Posted: 27 February,all,hot-bad-boy-ere,"Before i give my feedback of this game. i have been playing this game for a good 3 weeks or so, and already i just think i've wasted £40 buying this glass diamond. Yes glass diamond as in it looked so damn good but its just garbage now.i had a friend who played alpha to open beta and even he said its gone down hill from there.people will constantly spam unblockable moves with barely any stamina depletion. the people of this game are more then dota. now heres my actual reviewspamming unblockables without increased stamina depletion is just cancer in it self. you'll have conqurers constantly shield spamming you.you have counter guard breaks which is the most dodgeist thing i have ever seen it doesnt even work half the time.when you go into skirmish dominion or elimination you'll get instantly killed if you get stuck in what execution to do when you do heavy attack on someone dying.last but not least, revenge mode is able to be used in 2v2 or 1v1. which is the only decent game modes because people respect the 1v1 rule in 2v2? so in my honest opinion. a brilliant game completely buggered up by greedy little develpors making changes on people whining about how their favourite character is not op. so if you wish to buy this game PLEASE DONT BOTHER"
,Not Recommended,304390,30020852,Posted: 18 February,all,Kaiyuni,"About a third of my online matches end in disconnection, and I typically don't receive rewards. Refunded without a second thought.Ubisoft ruined this great game with bad support. I wish... basically any other company in the world got For Honor."
,Not Recommended,304390,30291391,Posted: 3 March,all,No.,Poor servers.
76561198044017794,Not Recommended,304390,31214862,Posted: 18 April,all,Smallbox,if you love your family and you want to see them againyou don't play this game
,Not Recommended,304390,32246546,Posted: 7 June,all,SHREK'S DICK,"If you ever wanted the character balance of a beta and connection/responsiveness issues of an alpha at the price of a finished product, you found it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29979781,Posted: 17 February,all,[KCT] Aven Soraster,"For a game aptly named so, there's not a hint of honor in these damn battles.Gangbanging. (Near Insta-death)Guard Break + Push to Enviro-Death Cheese. (Not as Insta-death since you can counter breaks)Pride and Joy from doing first 2. (Insta-Digni-death)Lag Cheese.Apollyon.Like seriously...And don't get me started with the amazing multiplayer. 10/10 would dance 'ROH!' again."
76561198130395022,Not Recommended,304390,30176461,Posted: 25 February,all,Bob Hoedjes,Guard switches way too slow with a mouse.
76561198040586692,Not Recommended,304390,30320017,Posted: 4 March,all,Valkyrie2014,"The Combat system is impossible to work with against bots and players. I spend more time playing a meat sheild, than cutting something."
,Not Recommended,304390,30320150,Posted: 4 March,all,WhatWhatInTheBox,"DO NOT BUY UNTIL FURTHUR NOTICEits incredibly fun but too many issues to ignore, this might sound lazy but ive talked about these issues too many times for me to have the will to write them all again. just take my word for it"
76561198065982320,Recommended,304390,29960521,Posted: 16 February,all,Don'tFeedTheDead,"Great game! Yet watch out, For Honor is full of ""try hards"". People just love to hate this day n' age. Most are about some simple stupid little things at that. Get some patiences. Takes all of 40 seconds to find another game when you get dropped from a lobby (Which is very rare). Ubisoft did well with this title, just some MINOR bugs. Nothing game breaking. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198024471688,Recommended,304390,31335122,Posted: 24 April,all,snuffster45,honestly i understand the reasons people are saying about the disconnects but ubi is working on them. the gameplay is the best ive ever played. i can usually get through games just fine. its getting better and better so please dont let it die! game is just too good.
76561198032141014,Not Recommended,304390,30948352,Posted: 4 April,all,Thank u Richard,look at reviews
,Not Recommended,304390,33957321,Posted: 1 August,all,Shady,"[01/08/17]Still as bad as it was at the release.Even if they finally allow for Dedicated Servers, I don't really see how this piece of sh!t will be any better.Balance is sh!t, gameplay is really shallow once you get decent at mechanics.Don't buy anything from Ubisoft, this game was an exception, I though..."
,Recommended,304390,29966350,Posted: 16 February,all,TheFarshooter,"PROs.- Great combat system with plenty of depth and counterplay involved.- Gear barely impacts the combat as skill is what matters most by far so microtransactions only speed up the grind.- Despite what many say the game feels balanced between the classes, sure some have more strengths than others but as I'v said before if you can play your class better than the enemy can theirs you'll win.- While I can't speak for others I'v had zero issues with bugs and lag so far. The game also runs at a perfect 60 fps on my gtx 970 at high settings.CONS.- Campaign isn't that great, the story is predictable and the gameplay is basically you going up against lvl 1 bots untill you reach a boss who is one of the playable classes with more health.- I can imagine the game would become repetative for some."
,Not Recommended,304390,30386703,Posted: 7 March,all,NOosh,♥♥♥♥♥game.P.S im good and its still♥♥♥♥♥
76561198090858638,Not Recommended,304390,31508254,Posted: 2 May,all,Squeble,havent been able to play this game for over a month due to an 0002001512 error codeBEST WAITING/ERROR SIMULATOR EVER!!!!!!!!
76561197997174946,Recommended,304390,30022753,Posted: 18 February,all,Sharp Solid,THE BEST MEDIEVAL COMBAT GAME OF ALL TIMES. IT WORTHS THE FULL PRIZE.Positives:+ Amazing Graphics+ Excelent Combat System+ Good Story+ Great AnimationsNegatives:- UNBALANCED CLASSES- AND SILLY EDGESNote: An Amazing Game has been killed by Ubisoft immediately.
,Recommended,304390,30027401,Posted: 18 February,all,FancyChanchilla,"Fun, good looking, needs a bit of work in the network department. I'm sure it will be fixed very soon."
76561198118870802,Not Recommended,304390,30155118,Posted: 24 February,all,Wind,"Amazing game, but lazy developers. I can't even play with my friends because Ubisoft is too greedy to make dedicated servers for this game."
76561198050309469,Not Recommended,304390,29955011,Posted: 15 February,all,Cookie Monster,"Game isn't bad. Very hard to master but the lag, disconnects and PPP multiplayer where i end up in a 4v4 game with 7 bots... unforgivable for a full prise game."
,Not Recommended,304390,30112204,Posted: 22 February,all,Krusher,"The worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ive ever played literaly 18h play time atleast 8h in story mode, queue for dominion get matched with 2 prestige 4, 108gearscore very balanced, i dont recommend buying this game at all"
76561198006005362,Recommended,304390,34199636,Posted: 12 August,all,Jinn,"Not sure if this game deserves all the negative reviews, so far i found it pretty fun.The combat is awesome, totally player skill based and didnt had much connection issues my ping was green the whole time except for occasional desync and i live in middle east asia. But the player base is a bit low i think it would be great if the queue time was a bit less but maybe thats because off season time going on right now.Its even more fun playing with friends though it could do with a few more variety in modes."
,Not Recommended,304390,29964433,Posted: 16 February,all,IAmStan,"Open the game, check if friends are online, *friends are online*.plays 4 v 4 elimination, tries to join party, fails A LOT OF TIMES.Finally joins a game, everybody joined the game.... but me -_-Reapeats the cycle... but this time the entire enemy team left the game.welp RIP server please FIX"
,Not Recommended,304390,30225668,Posted: 27 February,all,ColossalClock,"For honor ♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥the online ♥♥♥♥ing sucksthe matchmaking sucks complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ it dosent in any way workthere are no ♥♥♥♥ing servers, just peer to peer cuntshiteubisoft ♥♥♥♥ing sucks"
,Not Recommended,304390,30241916,Posted: 28 February,all,SleepyFishcakes,Just get Chivalry. I won't even start on how bad it is. Or just try it and get a refund. Should be 19.99 for this.
76561198061010960,Not Recommended,304390,33663662,Posted: 19 July,all,BitHisDick FuckHerBitch,Ubisoft has delivered the biggest disappointment since No Man's Sky. But this is worse than No Man' Sky. The incredible potential of this game was squandered by a horrible developer. Ubisoft deserves the hate they get from this let-down of a gamer's lifetime.
76561198348082779,Not Recommended,304390,31831199,Posted: 18 May,all,JoeSuhDude,garbage game broken to the max
,Recommended,304390,34188010,Posted: 12 August,all,Donac,"I buy this game for 60 dollars, a few days later it goes on sale for 30. I love it. Anyways this game is pretty good. I've played some and I had a good time. The balancing made me a bit upset sometimes, but the servers were fine to me, I don't get why people are complaining about it."
,Not Recommended,304390,29935556,Posted: 14 February,all,Corrupt,P2P Connection is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304390,29935958,Posted: 14 February,all,Goodfella,The game is rather fun but since I only play it in multiplayer it is hard to recommend it until when/if Ubisoft switch to using dedicated servers as the matchmaking is not working that we'll.
76561197992673576,Not Recommended,304390,29970273,Posted: 16 February,all,HBian,VoteNay
76561198092306342,Not Recommended,304390,29971795,Posted: 16 February,all,Shikamaakuma,"Well simply read the more eloborate comments 4 details:+ Fun gameplay (would be at least)+ Lots of customisatzion+ nice graphics+ big learning curvesounds good right? now the sad thruth:- game was clearly made 4 multiplayer but:- connection issues- ""Servers"" already empty- peer 2 peer (cuz servers are too expensive as of 2k17)If they ever do something against those issues: Buy it !Till then its just wasted money..."
,Recommended,304390,29934134,Posted: 14 February,all,Sir Mr. Penguin,"First of all, I'd like to start off by saying I preordered the Deluxe edition of this game for $89.99 Canadian (CAD). I was given access into the Closed Beta that ran around January 26 - 29.During the time in the Closed Beta, I only had a chance to play a few matches seeing as I am still in secondary school. Nonetheless, I was thoroughly entertained and had ZERO problems with connectivity, kicking, lag issues. or any other connectivity or online problem some others have noted experiencing.I want to separate my review into 4 categories:-Price-Graphics-Online Multiplayer-Single Player Campaign-Pre-Order BonusOk. Price. So, as I have previously mentioned, I pre-ordered the For Honor Deluxe Edition for $89.99 CAD, and I could buy the Season Pass for $39.99 CAD. This inflated price is due to the difference between the Canadian dollar and its United States counterpart. I would have to say that this price seems a little high for what it gives. The small, one or two extra tattoos and symbols per hero doesn't really seem worth it in my opinion. As a gift, I received a special hero aesthetic preset for pre-ordering. Again. not that worth it. All in all, I would the price seems a little high for what the (Deluxe Edition) game delivers.Onto graphics. Honestly, there isn't much to say about graphics. They are good, Plain and simple. And I expect nothing less from a AAA game developer. Ubisoft didn't go all out God rays and whatnot, but the game is very pretty. It should be noted that as of writing this, I am running a GeForce GTX 980 graphics card with 4GB of VRAM, an Intel i7 6700 processor and 16GB of RAM. So I have had ZERO frame rate drops, lag issues online, or ANY problems whatsoever in the graphics department. I run the game on Nvidia optimized settings through GeForce Experience, the preset it puts me on is Extreme. So I seriously cannot complain about the graphics. For me, the game scores a 9.9/10, only because it doesn't have photo-realistic graphics, and I did not expect the game to have such. Satisfied 100%.Online multiplayer I have only scratched the surface of. However what I have experienced has been exactly what I had hoped it would be. Fast, quick-paced reaction times in an innovative close combat system. It steps into the light with the way it pulled of its Art of War combat AI. It's something new, and I think people sometimes didn't know what to expect, being surrounded with games like Skyrim and its combat AI. Fast paced, close quarters combat is what I hoped for, and why I preordered the game. I like the combat in online multiplayer very much. And as previously stated several times, I have had ZERO connectivity issues, lag, disconnection, or anything of the sort. I suppose I am one of the lucky ones, and that is saying something coming from someone who lives in the middle of Canada with little to no internet. No problems for me, no complaints from me.The main story so far seems pretty linear. That may or may not be a turn off for some people. It appears to have the potential for DLC, so I guess we will see what Ubisoft turns out.I also wanted to quickly mention the pre-order bonus I recieved. As I pre-ordered the Deluxe Edition of For Honor, I recieved a SMALL pre order bonus consisting of one or two colour schemes for my armour for my heroes, as well as an execution effect and a temporary Champion status effect (bonus EXP for myself and party members for 6 days post launch). I would say the pre-order bonus for the DELUXE edition would not be worth it. The Season Pass included in the Gold Edition IS more worthwile. All in all, the pre-order bonus was not really worth it.Ok. So overall the game delivers in the way I had hoped it would. The story is solid, and has the potential for some DLC and the option for a Season Pass is tempting, if not for the state of the Canadian dollar at the time of writing this review. I have to give this game a very positive review. No problems for me, both in gameplay and in the online aspects. However it would be nice to see some dedicated servers to ease the pain other players are experiencing. I think this game was the victim of pre-order over-hype and it was given somewhat unrealistic expectations before it came out. Furthermore, this game WILL NOT BE FOR EVERYBODY. Its innovative combat system and online gameplay is not the same as what we've experienced before. This is not ""Skyrim Online"" and those who are too attached to that style of gameplay and combat will have to get used to this new system. It's as simple as that.I just want to say that there is ALWAYS some risk in doing something new, and I think Ubisoft pulled it off just as it was intended. Enough said.I can understand why this game might not be everyone's favorite. It's not for everyone and is something new. It'll take some getting used to. And hopefully some online issues will be fixed for those who have them, but as I have stated, I cannot accurately speak on the matter.All in all, very good game. Looks good, runs excellent, and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for this game. Would recommend. Just be sure to look at what you are buying and don't expect something else. Price is slightly high, but hey, CAD isn't the best as of writing this. The game is good quality, fun to play, and will be better if the online issues are dealt with. Dedicated servers and the like would be nice to see.Overall:- 8/10 overall for quality of the game.Feel free to comment below. I will be sure to play more of this game and update this review as time passes.EDIT:Multiplayer is the core fo thisa game. I have had HUGE connection,m exploitation, and abuse of system mechanics issues that Ubisoft refuses to address. This game could have been something new and innovative and truly great. But it isn't. And it will never be as long as Ubisoft continues to be Ubisoft. At this stage, I highly doubt the game will be fixed. Sad to say but it's true. I want to like the game more, but I can't."
76561198089187681,Not Recommended,304390,29971836,Posted: 16 February,all,Gravekai,this game is really remarkable in many ways and yet theconnection issues for multiplayer is so annoying multiplayer is the main reason i got this game and i am sure many of the others are in the same boat as i am why is it so hard to get a online game working with out it being NAT strict on and not NAT open really dissappointed because of this hopefully there will be a way around it soon as i have tried all the other tips that i had found online and none of them work for me
,Recommended,304390,30255498,Posted: 28 February,all,Shinku Phantom,"How I feel about For Honor around 60hrs of playtimePros- For Honor's execution of medieval warfare is excellent, and the combat system is unique and enjoyable.- The combat system does take a while to adjust to, but once you've got the hang of the basics it's really easy to improve on.- Although it seems like the game would get repetitive, it really doesn't. Since you're going up against different players and heroes with different playstyles, it's challenging and fun.- The campaign was quite alright, not the best in the storytelling aspect, but an enjoyable experience, even though it was quite short.- The graphics are georgeous ! For Honor is also optimised quite well, I've seen that it plays smoothy on older rigs, and still look really nice !- Every hero is unique and really fun to play ! It's always good fun trying to learn the playstyle and moveset of a new character.-Playing with friends is bliss. It's a huge amount of fun. Whether you're going against each other in custom games or teaming up with them to do Brawls or 4v4 gamemodes, it's hard to feel boredom.Cons- Ahh, Peer to Peer matchmaking...With Ubisoft being a AAA game company you'd expect them to learn from the horrible matchmaking system that Rainbow Six: Seige has (also Peer to Peer), and maybe set up some dedicated servers for different regions. Nope, definitely not. I haven't noticed many issues with matchmaking latency problems, it seems to be smooth going during matches. HOWEVER, host migration, as per usual, is a huge pain in the backside. I was in a 3v1 battle at one stage, and was actually pulling off a potential win. However, I must've got the host of the game frustrated and he left the game. The host migrated, and the two opponents I killed came back to life, and in the end they managed to eliminate me. This was really frustrating. Host migrations happen quite often, the multiplayer is not perfect because of that.- Always-Online.This doesn't bother me in the slightest, since I always have a connection to the internet. However, it does affect quite a lot of people and thought I'd include it here. You CANNOT play anything in For Honor if you have no internet connection, not even the singleplayer segments of the game. Like I mentioned, doesn't bother me but it was better to include it.-Gear Level Statistics.Oh boy where the hell do I start here... In Dominion and Elimination gamemodes (4v4), there is a thing called Gear Stats. Gear Stats are completely broken, and have no balance whatsoever. I have a fully maxed out Peacekeeper with a Gear Stat of 108. 108 is the highest Gear Rating you can reach. Now, if I get hit around 4 times, or manage to block attacks 4 times, my Revenge is up immediately. While in my Revenge state, I can 2-hit anyone with heavy attacks, and my Revenge lasts a good 10 seconds. I basically have it back up within 3-5 seconds of using it all up. All I have to do is stand on an enemy objective and hold off against waves of players without even trying, I feel so awful for doing it, but it's part of the game. Ubi need to sort something out about this, since it's completely unbalanced and probably shouldn't have even been a thing in the first place. I reckon they should keep default statistics (like in Duels and Brawls) and just have cosmetic gear drops. This would eliminate the Pay to Win side of the game for sure. It's so incredibly Pay to Win at the moment, it's not really even that funny. It's a crude joke.ConclusionOverall, would I recommend For Honor ? I would. It has a decent amount of flaws, but those flaws can be easily forgotten when you get into a battle, and feel the satisfaction of digging your steel into the opponents gut.It's a superb game, with the exception of poor matchmaking choices, always-online, and unbalanced 4v4 player statistics.If you have a friend that's interested in getting it, get it ! You two will have plenty of fun together, and you'll definitely get your moneys worth.If you're thinking of getting it, and you play alone, your choice may be a bit more difficult. I find 1v1 Duels and playing other gamemodes with strangers good, I've met a good few friends through For Honor, so if you have the money and are confident you'll like the playstyle, fire away !I'll give it a 7/10, only because of Ubisoft not pulling it together and giving us a trash matchmaking service, and the monstrocity that goes by the name of ""Gear Stats""."
,Not Recommended,304390,32819095,Posted: 26 June,all,CY,THIS was the last time I trusted Ubisoft. Period.
76561198052442754,Recommended,304390,32830132,Posted: 26 June,all,Keter Sephiroth,-Uh! Uh! Uh! -says Raider-RAH RAH RAH - says conquerThen the door slams and Centurion enters the scene:-Oh!? HO HO HO!As they stare at him with amezment he strikes a pose:-UUuuuuuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!Moral of the story - play this game for the emotes.
76561198061652702,Recommended,304390,33147543,Posted: 2 July,all,Boi (xD),lit fam
,Recommended,304390,33163449,Posted: 2 July,all,BOT Ringo,"So, I've been playing this game for maybe 18 hours in 3 or 4 days, so thats 6 hours a day. Its a great game with a great concept honestly, but needs to go in the right direction. For those of you who want to buy this game, make sure you are ready for the steep learning curve, and power is requires from your PC. It's gimmicky if your pc is weak as the servers will kick you if your frame drops less than 30. Good game for those with good pc and are willing to put in the effort."
76561198033229022,Not Recommended,304390,35467302,Posted: 4 October,all,{420} SUICIDEKID,"DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS GAME!!!!ITS BUGGY AND GLITCHY. every game you get kicked for some stupid error code, or you are in loading screen 5 minutes only to get booted back to the main menu. i payed 60 for this useless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that i can't even play without getting mad for kicks every ♥♥♥♥ing match"
76561198042836363,Not Recommended,304390,30058390,Posted: 20 February,all,oosafeoo,Can't play online P2P suck DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,304390,30058962,Posted: 20 February,all,The Bright Lord,"Don't buy it, in its current state.I refunded it. Wait for a few patches then buy it"
76561197970420461,Recommended,304390,29968780,Posted: 16 February,all,Annodevoli,It's fun.
,Recommended,304390,29952180,Posted: 15 February,all,Moosin,Great game 9/10.Servers 4/10GET IT!
,Recommended,304390,30016221,Posted: 18 February,all,GoatManMason,This game is really good. The combat is very fun and every character plays differently. Also i've noticed that lots of people are giving bad reviews just because of microtransactions but this isn't a reason to not buy. I havn't even looked a the page where you get them really. They arent needed. The only problem i have is the servers. There are no dedicated servers for this so a t times it can be hard to get into a match but besides that very fun.
,Recommended,304390,30994968,Posted: 7 April,all,Toadbama,"PART ONE:::: THE MENUSGroundbreaking game that really breaks the ground boundaries on how to break ground in the new groundbreaking souls-like groundbreaker genre of groundbreaking games, this ones real fresh because of how many grounds it breaks at once. When I first booted up my game it ocurred to me that the menu was incredibly groundbreaking and the storytelling really had that lore.(Love that lore!!!)  Honestly I didn't think it could get much better when the groundbreaking reached new heights of groundbreaking potential when I was playing a character who could walk and move to see his surroundings. But the attacking, thats where the ground really broke for me. You can do an up attack. It really freaked me out how the graphics were PHOTOREALISM????? KEEP READING FOR REVIEW PART 1 SYNOPSIS::::::::::::Honestly if you don't pick this one off the shelves you are either blind or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....PART 2::::::  THE SOUNDSReally the sounds were good. They had swooshes and swats and it was all very satisfying gameplay. The screams where they go """"""""""AHHHHH"""""""" really freaked me out the first time I was playing because I was so used to the swooshes that words tripped up balance in the satisfying gameplay department, but thankfully the gramphics were up to par with the Crysis Series which if you don't know had satisfying gameplay. Would recommend to anyone looking for soulslike gramphics and good lore-telling. Couldn't even find out all the cool secrets in the first level and that is why it is my favorite for satisfying gameplay. KEEP READING FOR PART 2 SYNOPSIS:::::::::::: Beefy combat and cheddar charging make this one an interesting combination thats sure to turn heads.PART 3:::::: THE MOUSE CONTROLI played with a controller headset with turbo buttons and the ""extra features"" your run-of-the-mill-gaming-gamer-controllers-dont-have. You could say I'm a bit of an expert on the controls but I Don't have enough time to go over them.The Food physics in this game are stellar..... Where did they find that animator that made the jumping animations because HOLY COW were they on DRUGS!!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!!! Never even seen a good jumper till I played this one and they were like those damn mexican beans!!!!!!!!!!!! Couldn't have asked for more in the sword customization, though the axe was lacking and my connection was a ""Walmart Connection"" KEEP READING FOR PART 3 SYNOPSIS::::::::::::: If You Find An Axe You Better Use It Or The Devs Will Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You Are Not Experiencing The Full ProductPART IV::::::: WOWZADamn Roaches In MY Freezer eating all the casserole but wait till they see my BUG BOMB!!!!!!!!!!THis reviews gonna have to be a two-parter due to time constraints so KEEP! IN! TOUCH! GAMERS!"
,Recommended,304390,30039526,Posted: 19 February,all,Morbid,"A fun and great looking game with a neat combat system, and extensive customisation."
76561198083029386,Recommended,304390,34171164,Posted: 11 August,all,Logic,"I have a hate/love relationship with this game. When it works, it's a freaking amazing game, and i'm having a blast with this game, as you can see from my hours played. The biggest issue with this game is the disconnection issues, i have a green NAT but i get disconnected just like everyone else alot. But they are coming with dedicated servers soon, wich should resolve that issue. And once that hits, i think this game will finally be able to shine like it should. I would recommend to pickup this game on a sale, or wait untill the dedicated servers hit. The team has been listening to the community real good and has fixed alot of big and smaller issues so far, so i have faith in the future of this game.I have played this game since the closed alpha and the game improved alot since then, it's just the disconnection issues that make this game not as good as it would have been.Pro's:Amazing and unique fighting gameplayGraphics are gorgousAlot of customization options to make your hero uniqueGreat port, getting around 90 fps on 1440p max settings (my pc confiq is on my page)Cons:People can be toxicDisconnection issues (you've heard of them.)Can be a bit grindy."
,Not Recommended,304390,30012190,Posted: 18 February,all,Mr. Grim,uplay is going to ruin this game like it ruins many others. the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overlay the horrible party system and the potato servers. its a shame the game itself is great. i recommend finding a new publisher. ubisoft does nothing but kill games these days.level 3 bots are blatantly cheating to drag out matches.pvp is utter garbage on p2p networks even if your winning you will be disconnected mid match or face a group who is exploiting the broken combat system for wins anyways.every one is a samurai. seriously. its dynasty warriors remastered.so both of your game modes are broken leaving you with nothing you actually want to play.
,Recommended,304390,29952137,Posted: 15 February,all,Bonsang,Game of the year !+ Excellent gameplay- Nerf tanks please
76561198055146098,Recommended,304390,29937800,Posted: 15 February,all,Frozeni,"After playing ~25h in closed and open beta, and a bit now after launch, here is my opinion of the game:CombatThe ""Art of Battle"" combat system is really interesting,personally it took me quite a few hours to master some of the more advanced mechanics,but after i got the grasp of things it turned into one of the best fighting games i have played.In short, you are trying to match your opponents stance when defending, and trying to find holes in his while attacking.Then there are guardbreaks, parries and all kinds of different combos with different heroes to really mix things up.It's not a button smasher though, every move you make has to be carefully considered and executed, so in a way its more of a mindgame between you and the opponent.Personally i had no problems with the P2P system, definitely feels alot smoother than some other games. Few times i experienced the host drop off, which caused few seconds of pause while it found a new one.Customisation & War of FactionsWhen you start the game, you'll pick a faction for the season, and after every game you'll get war assets depending on your performance.Those can be deployed to the World Map where Knights, Vikings and Samurai are fighting for control. You can play as any hero from the roster, but you pledge for the cause of only one. End of the season you'll get rewards based on how well the war did and (not sure) your personal contribition to the war.As for customisiation, there's alot of things you can change. 12 heroes from 3 factions, different armours, weapon parts, colours.. you can even customise your emblem and have that in your warsuit. You can unlock all of these by progressing trough the game by just playing.Basically you can make your character look relatively unique and not have the same setup come across all the time."
76561197971305722,Not Recommended,304390,30320353,Posted: 4 March,all,Etherael,"This game is terrible quality, I have seen alpha products with more polish than this. Cannot even be moved into full screen mode on a machine well above the recommended specifications, and you need a ubisoft server connection even to get to the option menu, letalone just play single player.Easily the worst release from a large publisher I've ever seen. Congratulations Ubisoft, you managed to make EA look good by comparison. No small feat."
,Not Recommended,304390,32710359,Posted: 23 June,all,A T L A S,"Amazing game, horrible connection issues."
76561198129277054,Recommended,304390,34080102,Posted: 7 August,all,jkpark93,the negative reviews are pure cancergreat game if your computer isn't a toaster and you aren't still using dial-up
76561198281386011,Not Recommended,304390,29921480,Posted: 14 February,all,蔗糖醇,"不推荐，根本无法进入游戏，弹出启动框，然后就消失了，等了40分钟没有任何提示，退款，GG！Not recommended, simply can not enter the game. It is just  disappeared, and i waited for 40 minutes without any tips, refunds!"
76561198028594222,Not Recommended,304390,30005808,Posted: 18 February,all,Thorendir,"game is broken trash, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away."
76561198141552111,Recommended,304390,31776739,Posted: 15 May,all,Meat,"This game takes a lot of crap from people simply because it's made by Ubisoft and it's fun to jump on that bandwagon, but this game is great. It has a few flaws, but none are worth passing over this game.The devs of this game, despite Ubisoft's reputation, are making a genuine effort to make this game as good as they can. They release patches every week, host weekly Twitch streams updating the players on future plans, and have fixed a lot of bugs and exploits with certain characters that made the game unfair. They are constantly balancing and improving the game, and it definitely has a bright future.Disconnects have never been a huge issue for me, but a lot of people like to say that all their games end in disconnects, so be aware that isn't always a problem. It uses a peer-to-peer system, which a lot of people hate with a passion without actually knowing what it is, but I personally rarely get dropped from matches. If you have good internet, and your opponents aren't from the moon, the game will run fine.As far as gameplay goes, I absolutely love this game's multiplayer. It's intense, exciting, and requires a lot of skill to play well. There's quite a learning curve however, so be aware its a challenging game before you spend your money.The community is as salty as they come, but there's a lot of great people too.Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10. I love it and it's constantly improving over time and I couldn't be more excited for the future of this game. Don't listen to all the blind hate it gets from people, try it out for yourself."
,Not Recommended,304390,30062726,Posted: 20 February,all,bing bong ching chong,ended up asking for a refund because i was bored in the first hour of gameplay
,Not Recommended,304390,34944506,Posted: 14 September,all,Emperor Drex,Garbage made for console and rendered unplayable for PC
76561198258382047,Not Recommended,304390,34670237,Posted: 1 September,all,-=MTG=-Sroljo,♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT!
,Not Recommended,304390,34670829,Posted: 1 September,all,Mega Ultra PMA,death to ubisoft
76561198043115696,Not Recommended,304390,30963223,Posted: 5 April,all,Dragonite_Z,"What potentially could be a good game turned into a game, where every single match one team tries to out-troll the other team. There is no honor in ""For Honor"""
76561198167383120,Recommended,304390,32773859,Posted: 25 June,all,Krazy-8,"You buy this game for multiplayer they said. Don't buy it if you look for a singleplayer campaign they said. After 10 hours, i finished the campaign that everybody forgot to play and let me tell you it is hella enjoyable. Voice actors do i great job and there are no bugs from my experience. Sure, multiplayer is better than the campaign for many, but if you buy it for the singleplayer, it's still worth all the money. 9/10- Such a fun game."
76561198320324777,Not Recommended,304390,30732097,Posted: 25 March,all,BruhFrog1,Meh
76561198119698240,Recommended,304390,30039626,Posted: 19 February,all,Neo,"Yes this game has server issues. Yes this game needs some updating. Yes this game is not perfect. However It feels as if the negitive reviews about this game do nothing but complain about the servers. In the 25 Hours I've played I've had a few server issues and they can be anoying, but that is nowhere near enough for me to say I don't recomend this game.The graphics in this game are amazing and the game is very well optimized. The combat system is very simple but incredibly fun and intricate when it boils down. While there are some unfair parts of fighting most of it boils down to skill and knowledge of your enemy. The game has an incredibly refreshing style to it and I would wholeheartedly recomend it."
76561198127702620,Recommended,304390,31499732,Posted: 1 May,all,Phlix,This is the best fighting game ive ever played. I really dont understand the negative reviews for this game.. It has server issues every now and again but i ive barely experienced any problems. Dont listen to these kids they are just complainers.
,Recommended,304390,30075686,Posted: 21 February,all,SKITZO,"why there are so many mixed reviews i dont get, the game is p2p but only bad if u have bad internet as would be with any other online game, iv had a few issues when iv been kicked out of a game but tbh iv played alot of games for example gta a really big and good game that has had server issues for ages when u all of a sudden get kicked yes its annoying but most games have these problems its the internet for you and for people to say that this is a problem to give the game a bad reputation is a joke, honestly this game runs very well dosent take much of a good pc to run it, and it still very new with free dlc to come, yes its ubisoft but even though they dont have the best rep  it defo beats 90% of these 10£ games on steam and f2p games, watch a video of for honor if u think ahh looks good get and dont read these reviews because everyone is deffrent and we all have diffrent tastes, even a game 99% of people hate will still have that 1 gamer who bangs it out everyday."
,Recommended,304390,34189840,Posted: 12 August,all,StillFlow,"This game doesn't deserve the hate it is getting.Pros:+Awesome graphics+Animations for nearly everything you do, very smooth transitioning+fluid and cool looking combat and when you attack and defend it feels like there is weight behind it+Nice character design and plenty of customization options (you can make your character look pretty unique)+Free content updates+Beautiful swords and armor+Different fighting styles which makes the combat dynamic and challenging+Soon there will be dedicated servers+Variety of different maps that all have their own look and feelThis is a fighter game and executes it perfectly! You will have plenty of fun and it's fun to fight strong opponents, you can learn and grow as play/warrior.Cons:-P2P (which isn't a big problem especially if you have decent pc/internet) Idk how and why people knowingly download a p2p game  and then give it a negative review not mentioning anything else. Also check hours played for the negative reviews. Some people have 0.1 hours played and gave the game a negative review giving p2p priority over gameplay, sound, animations, etc.-The game lacks music, but you can have a playlist of songs in the background to get pumped up-Grinding-You might disconnect 1-2 times out of the 20 games you played if your internet is decent. If you have connection problems check your ports, firewall, anti virus, or google fixes. The game runs perfectly fine if you think your internet is good enough. It's not a big issue, and a negative review soley based on p2p (with low play time) is stupid.The game is a fighter game, you have combos, blocks, counters, positioning, etc just like Street fighter, but with a more open feel. This is the best fighting game i've ever played, and i wish to see more! I take occasional breaks from this game, but when i come back im always having fun and enjoy seeing the free content updates (which is barely mentioned in reviews).Check the quality of the reviews especially negative before you decide! You will see mass mentality. Make the choice for yourself especially during free to play weekend.IMPORTANT: This game is P2P at the moment (they plan on adding servers), connection problems and errors are an end user problem not the game's problem. Me and my friends experience little to no connection problems/errors and a lot of them have been patched."
76561198271912395,Recommended,304390,33676860,Posted: 20 July,all,E1NH3RJ4R,"♥♥♥♥ the critics, this game is awesome and worth your money. The only connectivity issues there are, are because of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with♥♥♥♥♥♥wifi routers. It is one of the first of it's kind, definitely not perfect, but pretty damn good. A bad thing about the game? The campaign is kinda bland and there's no way of surviving a double team. Everything else is fine."
76561198082681356,Not Recommended,304390,30762680,Posted: 26 March,all,Black Mercy,"The community on this game sucks, people play without honor and connection errors are present in 80% of the games.Also, the matchmaking is unbalanced and makes me hate this game.Too expensive for this huge mistake."
,Not Recommended,304390,34090864,Posted: 7 August,all,Lukewarm Ice Girl,"disconnection simulatorEDIT: re: ""Forward the ports... My god."" and ""all fighting games run p2p""ok here is your real review: game is fun. love playing it. its really fun, and when i can play it i have an amazing time.caveat: game never works because it runs on a peer to peer connection as opposed to dedicated servers.fighting games usually dont have more than 2 people (up to 8) on a broken connection system, which is why p2p works well in other cases. in this case, because of the higher number of players in a game (aside from it not even being a true fighting game) it doesnt work at all, and i can barely get through 3 rounds of a game i waited like 4 minutes in queue to play without 1.) disconnecting or 2.) losing a fight because of connection issues. I would not recommend ANYONE pay 60+ dollars on a game that does this to its players. I played for a mere 36 hours (most abt 3 weeks into release) before i gave up. compare this to games i enjoy playing that DON'T have connection issues like this does, and this manages a small small fraction of play time.in the betas (i played both the closed and open beta), the game exclusively used dedicated servers, and it played beautifully. I loved the game. this prompted me to buy the $100 version of the game. come to find out, the release version of the game runs on p2p connection. had i known about this and how horrible connection issues would be, i would not have bought the game at all. hence my review which initially just said ""disconnection simulator""also, ""just forward the ports"" isn't a thing everyone can do. not everyone has access and rights to their own router (ex. dormatory internet), and in that case even running through VPN software doesn't fix the problem. regardless, it shouldnt be on the player of a game to spend elaborate effort optimizing their connection just for a single videogame. when ONE videogame has this problem and tons and tons of other games don't, the problem might be with the game, not the player. (from a multi-billion dollar developer at that.)"
76561198177305259,Recommended,304390,29989731,Posted: 17 February,all,PANTOMIME,"Despite all the negative reviews, I am having quite a lot of fun with this game. I'm reviewing this off of my experience of the game, not going off of anyone elses review.The combat in this game is very simple and fluid, but once you really get into it, it can get really complex. Learn all the combos for your hero and you will dominate. There are quick attacks and heavy attacks, blocks and parrys, and with some heroes, dodging really comes into play. Learning all these are easy as well. There are simple and advanced tutorials, or you could play the story mode, which teaches you 9 different Heroes and how they play as well as the basics of combat. Each Hero has a different moveset which makes every playstyle unique. I prefer the quicker Heroes, such as Orochi and Peacekeeper. The Hero you choose is your preference. Each hero also has different feats. Feats give you abilites you can use against your opponents. There are active(smoke bombs, healing aoe, etc) and passive(do 5% more damage, gain health and stamina, etc) ones. You unlock different feats by leveling up your heroes. They can really turn around a bad situation very quickly. There is also a revenge mode, which you get by blocking and taking damage. Once you have revenge, you do more damage and you don't run out of stamina. This alone can also save you from a bad, low health situation.The customization is what gives this game more depth. You get drops just by playing the game, but you can also spend your in game currency to buy packs to unlock more items. You can customize your Helmet, Chest piece, Shoulders, and of course, your weapon. Each piece makes your differents stats better. You can customize your charcter to have a low defense and high attack with a lot of stamina. I love customization in video games and it makes this game a lot better for me.I have personally had no problems with the Peer to Peer system, though of course I still wish they would've just went with dedicated servers. I have never been kicked out of a match or had any connections errors. Only once have I experienced bad lag, and it was at the very end of a dominion match. I assume I'm just biased because I haven't had the problems that the negative reviewers have had.There are 4 game modes: Dominion, Brawl/Duel, and Deathmatch.-Dominion is a 4v4 objevtive based game mode. First team to 1000 points had to then kill the opposing heroes. Once you do that, you win. The better you do in a match, the more feats you unlock. Use those feats to give you an edge and help your team win the match.-Duel is a 1v1 game mode. There are no feats, but there is revenge if you can take/block enough damage and still be alive. Brawl is a 2v2 with the same rules.-Deathmatch is another 4v4 gamemode, but mixes matches between skirmish and elimination. Elimination is what it sounds like, defeat all 4 opposing heroes using your skill and the feats you unlock. There is also no respawn. Skirmish is a race to get 1000 points first.I've had a blast with every game mode so far, even though that meta can be really annoying at times. My personal favorite is Duel/Brawl. I like just having all out fights with just skill vs skill. Stay away from the edges or you will get pushed off.Now to the microtransactions. There is only one pack you can buy that just lets you unlock all the feats for every character, but you can also easily unlock them all by just playing the game and levelling your heroes. The rest are purely cosmetic. Just outfits to use for your hero to make them look badass. Still, microtransaction in a $60 game is extremely greedy of them. Along with the $40 season pass. this is easily the worst part of the game to me, but it doesn't ruin my experience.This review was purely based on my experience of the game and I am not saying you will have the same thing. There are 5,000 reviews for this game, yet there are still 40,000 people playing the game and enjoying. In my opinion, the people who have had bad experiences are the ones who have left bad reviews, and the majority of people are playing and enjoying the game. Thanks for taking your time to read my review."
76561198097466281,Recommended,304390,29948698,Posted: 15 February,all,Lone Scum,"Good fighting mechanics aren't cheap!For Honor at its core, achieves fighting mechanics that are fun, diverse, and completely new way of how the sword and shield genera works. For die hard competitive fans this game is a great addition to your collection. If you are like me and loved the addicting Dark Souls pvp mechanics. This game does it all even better."
,Not Recommended,304390,29917485,Posted: 14 February,all,Sabaka,You can win every battle by only defending and never doing anything creative. This game has been slowly commercialized since the alpha. The lag is atrocious. Ubisoft should feel bad.
,Not Recommended,304390,30004749,Posted: 18 February,all,17 Savage,Why do we have swords and armor when people can push a 200 pound man in 75 pound armor 9 feet and off a cliff?
76561197970674174,Recommended,304390,29925337,Posted: 14 February,all,Lord Commander Dante,"The gameplay, the setting and the gorgeous graphics are just too good to care for anything else that may put you down from this game.Oh, and the voice acting/art style/fun story-mode/tons of unlockables/great hero variety and.... oh wait, that's quite alot already. Do you get my drift yet?Sure the game has some downsides, like the silly store that let people progress faster. And the Peer to peer connection that may scare some players off, even though it was never of an issue for me in the long 40h i've played through the open beta/retail release.All i can say is... if you're into Knights/Samurais/Vikings - if you have a good PC and you're into this setting, grab the game and ignore everything else.Too many butthurt people around the internet if you ask me, haters will hate. Always.Loving every moment of this game.Thank you Ubisoft!"
,Not Recommended,304390,29968870,Posted: 16 February,all,Ryzer,You can buy gear for half the game modes. Pay to win in a $60 triple a game. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,304390,34150860,Posted: 10 August,all,NaWeed シ,"Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian, simplified Chinese and English (Audio only) languagesWhat is this ?! why we cant buy a game with english languages ?! its not fair ! i cant buy english version of this game !"
,Not Recommended,304390,29930436,Posted: 14 February,all,Skaosubstitute,"Purchases made in this region will only receive the ENGLISH, Russian, and Simplified Chinese languages.LIARS!upd:Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian, simplified Chinese and English (Audio only) languagesNice move from ubisoft. Still LIARS!"
76561198139336529,Not Recommended,304390,29937987,Posted: 15 February,all,KnightM@C,"no server ,,,, a lots of bug in multi .... a lots of problems ...."
,Not Recommended,304390,30001768,Posted: 17 February,all,Barraada,"This game has vey fun combat mechanics once you get past the learning curve. Heres the catch though. Open all the ports you want upnp, DMZ and still nothing but a red strict NAT type. For 60usd and a finished game this is unnaceptable. But it's ubisoft so what would you expect, dedicated severs for a game they want to last years? yeah right. Really thinking about returning this game to get Kingdom Come Deliverance. Yeah the multiplayers not there but it has neat combat plus you dont have to worry about ubisofts trash connectivity mechanics. If they dont patch this s*** soon theres no doubt I'm returning it. Again I didn't pay 60 bucks to not be able to play online, let alone countless steps to solve a UBISOFT SIDED problem."
76561197985072747,Recommended,304390,30521789,Posted: 15 March,all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - 3rd Person melee duelsI bought this full price, which I don't often do nowadays. However, after playing the Beta I was surprised how much I enjoyed this game.There is a single player campaign with over 15 levels. These can be played on three difficulty settings. I have been through on normal and hard.The multiplayer modes are a 1 on 1 duel, a 4 on 4 scrap and a 4 on 4 control point mode called Dominion.There are 12 warrior types to choose and they are all varied enough to add a lot of re-playability. From the fat boy Samurai to the stabby Peacekeeper.Fights involve blocking in three directions and light or heavy attacks in the same. However, each class has a special move and 4 traits they can use once they are earned. I find the combat system natural and fluid. To be honest this is the main part of the game. If you don't like this, you won't like it.There are enough maps to keep each game varied. Orders are also given earning bonus steel that will encourage you to try all modes. The ai can be used or will jump in when someone rage quits or crashes.There is an over-arching battle map, which relies on one of the three factions you chose at the start Samurais, Vikings or Knights. Each game allows you to help the war effort.There are a few criticisms. The AI NPCS that fight in some of the modes are weak and remind me of the foes in Dynasty Warriors. These are to make a battle feel but this really needs to be expanded by my points to fight over and new units. There are war machines and archers in single player, so why not multi.Also I am getting a few crashes such as returning to world map. A few games have crashed me out too. It relies on Uplay being installed and run through.This is my casual game of choice at the moment and I keep coming back for quick and enjoyable battles.Just don't try Dark Souls after as you will get horribly killed when you keep holding left trigger to enter a stance!"
76561198032796995,Recommended,304390,29938744,Posted: 15 February,all,Zombieeater,"Too many stupid reviews, all this talk of microtransactions in this game, a game that is giving all future content to everyone for free for the forseeable future, with a season pass that just gives you the new characters a week early. If having the option to buy some in game cash with real money helps keep actual dlc free that sounds pretty damn good to me.The game is good fun, however its certainly not for people who don't want to take time to get better. Probably could use a bit of balance changes here and there, but for the most part the players individual skill is going to be what decides a win or a loss."
,Recommended,304390,32244699,Posted: 7 June,all,Greasy Sweet,"For Honor is a real diamond. Despite the disconnects and steep learning curve, this game soaked up more hours of my time than I ever expected. The devs are listening and willing to make this an enjoyable experience, on both PC and consoles.I'll get this part out of the way quickly. The community is easily the worst part of the game. Mainly due to how unappreciative and stubborn the game is. Hell, even Steam reviews are just salty vents of what's OP and heros/moves are ""unfair ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t""On the brighter side, the game looks and sounds phenomenal. The animations are smooth thanks to the motion capture. The story mode is also impressive for a multiplayer game, and worth an extra playthrough.Player customization is also rather unique, allowing each player to stylize their heroes with colors, patterns, armor, weapons, and brutal finishing executions.Does this game have problems? Yes. It does. Does that mean it should be shunned? No.I implore you. Support the game. If you are struggling to find this game enjoyable, have patience.If you are interested in playing, then join the fight."
76561198315125652,Not Recommended,304390,30176023,Posted: 25 February,all,Viper_076,"Worst game ever cant connect to any online, NAT tpe is always strict, worst connection out of all games ever played, no dedicated servers."
76561198212399300,Recommended,304390,30591675,Posted: 18 March,all,Dragonblaze,"The gameplay is great. The Graphics are also great, the story mode i liked a lot. The presentation of this game is good.I would recommend this game"
,Recommended,304390,30474538,Posted: 12 March,all,tomfunk2,"When the matchmaking works as intended, this game hides a very deep, intense fighting experience that never ceases to make my heart start pounding. There is something unexplainable about squaring off against another player, reading his movements, learning his style and adapting to out wit the enemy and come out on top, all while they're doing the same thing to you. Highly recommend this game."
76561198094176014,Recommended,304390,30423283,Posted: 10 March,all,Tictok,"Good to play in 1:1, 2:2, but 4:4  p2p server can not afford. However, if you like swords, this game will satisfy you. And, I play over 200hrs.. and I like to play and hope UBI shall fix soon."
76561198158421370,Recommended,304390,30597414,Posted: 18 March,all,BoerCini,i stab things violently
,Recommended,304390,30597528,Posted: 18 March,all,magicmandj,Its good. I dont have a problem with peer-2-peer because im running off of an ethernet cable.Story is decent.Gameplay is fun.Soundtrack is awful.Controls are nice.
,Not Recommended,304390,30584707,Posted: 17 March,all,slightly Honorable,"with out servers this game is unplayable, dont install untill it has servers and if it never gets them then never buy it"
,Not Recommended,304390,30627864,Posted: 19 March,all,Cdubbz,"I want to like this game, I really do. The characters are designed really neat and the combat system is unique, but I cannot get past how absolutely terrible this game is. The Peer to Peer networking is atrocious, either you disconnect from the game or the enemy teleports all over the place. There are horrible balance issues, with a few classes just dominating in every game they're in. The community sucks too, despite how new this game is. I haven't played a ubisoft game since assassin's creed two, but now I don't think I'll ever play another one again."
76561198057999577,Recommended,304390,30028507,Posted: 19 February,all,Kodiakultimate,"Awesome game, granted it has a steep learning curve, but the domination mode is fun and coop play vs bots is great!"
76561198044744761,Not Recommended,304390,30108619,Posted: 22 February,all,Dking,"Takes forever to find a match and then ""A connection error occured returning to title menu"".Balance system is the worst I have ever seen."
,Recommended,304390,30480914,Posted: 12 March,all,Grim,"Would I recommend this game? Yes. But not at full price, or at the very least, not until they fix server stability.+ Fun gameplay. Something new -- maybe the closest thing to it is Chivalry Online's combat, except far less complicated. I feel like it's a cross between that and a fighting game, since when you start learning the harder-to-master mechanics and begin playing against smarter people, it's all about them mind games -- performing a lot of feints and mixups to trick your opponent while reading their own attacks and movements. At least, thats how I see it, and thats mostly where I enjoy it.+ Free seasonal content. Apparently the future of the game plans to introduce new heroes, game modes, maps, etc. upon the completion of every season. It will all be free of charge and accessible to all players, at least according to stuff online. Season pass only lets you have all that about a week early before the rest. So at least they're not trying to make a quick buck off that.- Abysmal server connections. You don't need to read my say on this to hear about how bad it gets. If they AT LEAST fix this, then the game would be worth buying -- on sale. Full price ehhh, but only if you really really REALLY want it.- Strange gear system. New gear will have stats that increase (and decrease) certain aspects of your heroes -- These can be purchased in bulk via CS. People will and have cried it's P2W, and tbh they're kinda right. You can avoid this if you just play 1v1 duel games like I do, where gear stats aren't accounted for. IMO, putting in stats on gear was a terrible mistake anyway -- ALL gear should have just been COSMETIC purchases if they wanted to make money from it. Instead, they're just now trying to balance gear stats because of 'unforseen results' from the P2Winners.- Terrible community. Literally the same rhetoric from Soulsborne and fighting games, the salt is just as bad, if not worse. There's a lot of bitterness and trash talk in open channels, and people will cry ""no honor"" and ""♥♥♥♥ing 1v2"" in FOUR VS. FOUR Dominion/Elimination gametypes. If they want a 1v1 so badly, queue for the goddamn 1v1 gametype! I can bet you those mfers are probably too ♥♥♥♥♥ to play the 1v1 duels. Players also tend to RQ when they get their♥♥♥♥♥whooped and currently theres no penalty system in place to stop that. And when that happens to the whole opposing team, you're kicked to the menu for lacking player numbers. As if finding a game wasn't hard enough as is. GG.- Few game modes. The current ones can get p stale too. I'm a little reserved on this one since they're apparently going to introduce more gametypes, so we'll see. Currently, the best game types are 1v1's and maybe 2v2's. When it's *that* focused, that's where it really shines (them mind games I mentioned. super fun). 4v4 gametypes just tend to be too chaotic to really enjoy all the mechanics and combos -- i tend to be on the defensive in a 1v4 more often than I am trying to outflourish another player.."
76561198038299822,Recommended,304390,30047401,Posted: 19 February,all,Grand Champ,"It's not everyday we get a >melee< weapon based ""tournament style"" and ""team deathmatch style"" game. When I saw it I was thrilled and simply had to give it a go. I used to play a lot of Soul Calibur and Chivalry, I just got a soft spot for these type of games.- First of all, this game is beautiful. I run a 980 TI and it looks stunningly beautiful.- The Heroes are great, looks awesome and their playstyle is quite different. GG on that- The matches I've played so far haven't really been laggy except for one. And I've played quite a few.- There's a lot of depth to the heroes, and you can spend countless hours getting good with each one of them. I've spend most of my time with ""The Raider"" and I feel fairly confident using him in Duels at this point.Now, there's a few issues with this game at launch... Unfortunetaly this game doesn't have dedicated servers, and you will have short periods when you'll be unable to play. Quite frustrating when it happens, but I hope Ubisoft fix it soon. For Honor got a LOT of potential, server issues should not be what's holding it back. It doesn't happen all the time, but enough to be noticable.Micro transactions... Meh, not a fan. Unfortunately it's there. A premium pack of gear will cost you 500 steel and unlocking customizations for most the heroes also cost 500 steel. You get around 3000 for doing the tutorials (once) and 300 steel pr. daily ""order"" you complete. 300 is fine and dandy except sometimes I don't feel like killing 100 footsoldiers in a domination match, I want to duel! But Duels only gives like 21 steel pr win lol. Not sure if that's a glitch....All in all this is an excellent game with a LOT of potentiel. If they can fix server issues and balance their ""Steel"" currency this game is going places.Recommended. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,304390,30630153,Posted: 19 March,all,Vhalken,"If your fps drops below 30 at any point, it removes you from the game regardless of whether you're carrying or anything. You lose all progress and get a loss. I will NEVER buy a ubisoft product *EVER* again. Everyone else has already said what's wrong with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.MAKE 2017 THE LAST YEAR UBISOFT IS IN BUSINESS."
,Recommended,304390,30188001,Posted: 25 February,all,Rurik,"The combat is great, the game as a package is solid, and the multiplayer leveleup system makes sense. On the flip side, Uplay is still garbage, and it does use P to P matchmaking, which is also awful. People are starting to realize that they can't just be dropping out mid game though, and matchmaking has smoothed back out significantly."
76561198128948151,Not Recommended,304390,30629080,Posted: 19 March,all,SoldierOfTheSea,"Do you like 4v1's? Do you enjoy a community as caustic as Leauge Of Legends, or peer to peer connection? If you're looking for a reason to finally kill yourself because you pre-ordered another trash game then this is the one for you! 11/10 nothing wrong with this game."
76561197963399408,Recommended,304390,30009314,Posted: 18 February,all,H1dr0g3n0,"Great game. For me, it feels fresh and original comparing to most of the multiplayer games avilable which are either mobas, sport games or FPS. It's been a long time since I enjoy a multiplayer this much. You can feel the tension on every battle.On the down side, game must improve some connection issues, mainly reducing time when matchmaking and loading maps, expecially when 4vs4. I haven't experience this as something that breaks the game experience but it will improve a lot if they manage to reduce this loading times.Another point people is talking about it's the p2p connection. In my experience worst thing about it is that if the person who is hosting the game disconects, it will take some time for the game to asign a new host. But I haven't found this happening very frecuently. Nowadays most of us has great broadband, its not like some years ago so I don't think this should be very problematic.One thing I dont like, microtransactions. I haven't ever use them on any game and I don't inted to start now. For this game I don't see them as game breakers or pay to win. The will give you more resources that you can use, for example to gather gear. The gear might give you a tiny advantage, but the most defining point in a battle will be your skill.I would recomend this game to anyone who likes medieval fantasy or action games. And I think most of the people that try it will enjoy it at some level, even the skepticals."
,Not Recommended,304390,30742435,Posted: 25 March,all,Ennyweeny,"It had potential. It really did. If a company that actually cared about their consumers then this would have been a fantastic game. The concept is great, it truly is. It's just too bad that ubisoft doesn't care about anything but money.I've never seen anyone from ubisoft respond to a single steam thread in the discussions page. They have completely disregarded steam ""forums"", apparently our input is not valid to them.Their patches are being pushed out way, WAY too slowly. I've seen INDIE companies push out fixes and patches faster than this supposed AAA company is doing with this AAA budget game, it's pathetic. It's Ubisoft.Here's their entire business plan, they're not going to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game until their DLC is ready, at that point they're going to patch it so as to bring players back, for so to abandon it in a broken state until the next DLC is ready. Because they don't care about the integrity of their company, they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their consumers.Do not buy this game."
76561198135223985,Recommended,304390,30208951,Posted: 26 February,all,Harold,"Someone told me he would chop my nuts off, and I kicked him off the cliff.Good try buddy."
,Recommended,304390,29929578,Posted: 14 February,all,Turban Senpai,It has bugs but this has been a rather decent launch. Peer to peer is certainly a downside but personally I have had zero issues online. Heres to me hoping Ubisoft is as invested in this like they have been with Siege.Its an addictive game and ranked queues will be a welcome addition.
,Recommended,304390,29929787,Posted: 14 February,all,Escherichia coli,Can cut heads off
,Recommended,304390,30624424,Posted: 19 March,all,HyrexMC,Great fun for playing with friends. Though there is massive amounts of dishonor in multiplayer so if you want to have the most fun be dishnorable.
76561198071221867,Not Recommended,304390,30865398,Posted: 31 March,all,Kilduff,Do not buy this game!♥♥♥♥ peer to peer♥♥♥♥ Revenge system♥♥♥♥ Unbalance classes♥♥♥♥ cliff kills♥♥♥♥ spamIf you do own this game you will try your hardest to like it. But it will do its very best to make you hate it so much that you will want to pull out your teeth! Dont buy this game ever!
76561198065244004,Recommended,304390,30932465,Posted: 3 April,all,ThatPleb,One of the few games Ive played long after release.The fighting mechanics are quick to learn and appear quite simple at first but when you really get into into it has just as mutch depthness as your typical fighting game.  And yes this is very much a fighting game.  With the devs consistantly balancing the characters at a repectable rate any salt you may have for a particular character will not last.  But if MOBA or RPGs are your thing you will find enough elements of that to pique your interests.The only problems you'll find are connection issues (it is Ubisoft afterall) but these usually only occur if 4 or more players leave at once.All in all this is my favorite game of 2017 and it appears to remain that way for a long time.
76561198047771937,Recommended,304390,30986743,Posted: 6 April,all,RAPTOR JESUS,the gameplay is great!!!yes their are bugs still causing some trouble but after the 1.4 GB patch thta was just released they solved alot.+ they balanced most charcters emphasizing the fact they litsen to the fan base
76561198109195902,Not Recommended,304390,30987346,Posted: 6 April,all,Daiyamondoaisu,"I have played the game for nearly 30 hs, I've completed the story mode on HARD AND REALISTIC, got every observable and breakable, and really, I enjoyed it for the most part (especially the samurai part).Once I finished the story mode, I went straight to multiplayer, and my god, I had more fun on the closed and open beta, than this piece of garbage online ""FUN"".There's no balance between the newer players and the players from day 1. You're a lv 1 against a lv 100? Sucks to be you basically.And man, the player base... it's... if you like spamming a single move, over and over and over, you will love it, but for me, I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it and can't stand it anymore.Connection problems can't miss, obviously, oh and you want to complete a mission that involves playing with bots?Good luck trying to find a game, cause I couldn't EVEN WAITING FOR 2 HS.This game, I really loved it when I played the beta, so much I got the gold edition, and It's the first time I regret buying a game. If I could return it, glady I would.This game needs to be fixed, inmediatly.The video game era... is dying...."
76561198069066580,Recommended,304390,29955006,Posted: 15 February,all,RedBush,"I really like this game. The only thing that upsets me about it is the lack of dedicated servers. Now granted I've had almost ZERO issues with connection/lag issues or bugs I don't have much to complain about.Yes the gameplay gets repetitive a little in the singlepalyer campaign, but a ton of games do. Online is by far the more entertaining portion of the game. The micro transactions dont bother me too much. Yes it's a bit scummy but at the end of the day they are a company looking for a profit. However I think this is no excuse for releasing a terrible product, I feel that they did not do that in this case. Like they've done in the past...Overall I say Ubisoft disapoints with the lack of dedicated servers but makes up for it by having a solid game that is really entertaining. Also f*ck micro transactions but if you wanna spend more on the game than you already have I guess that's on you."
76561198061091112,Recommended,304390,30155842,Posted: 24 February,all,"Boom, Roasted.","Despite the mixed reviews (largely regarding connectivity issues) I find this game to be fun and full of potential. Granted the first 2 days of release, connection was pretty bad. I would say that 1/10 games that I join will I maybe have a connection issue, maybe even fewer now.Overall the game is fun, enticing, and provides a new feel every match. It has great graphics and the players move, dodge, block, roll, attack realistically. There is very few jankage that goes with this game, however there is some cheese invovled with this game that players capitalize on, easy fix if ubi wants to fix it. So far playing with a group of friends is by far the most fun part of this game. The customization is limited thus far, but I see patches, updates incorporating a lot more gear, weapons, and so forth. The gameplay style is similar to Dark Souls, so If youre into that type of fighting style of a game then this is an easy transition.Game modes include:-Deathmatch; skirmish (first team to 1000 points and sudden death wins) & Elimination (5v5 best out of 5 rounds PVP)-Dominion: Hold 3 separate objectives to a 1000 points-Duel/Brawl: 1v1, 2v2"
76561198243014818,Not Recommended,304390,30180498,Posted: 25 February,all,Aaron,Great game but BE CAREFUL SOME OF YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY BECAUSE YOU HAVE A STRICT NET CODE WHICH MAKES MATCHMAKING AN HOUR LONG OR DOESNT WORK
76561198316954484,Recommended,304390,30187338,Posted: 25 February,all,Theninjaisbacktodance,"The combat isn't lacking in any way for me. If you like games with a lot of mindgames and mixups, I highly recommend this to you. The only way this is lacking is the customization of your hero. You can modify their appearance by changing the color of their gear, adding patterns, etc. But the armor itself is tied to stats, so in some scenarios you have to choose between looking cool and having proper stats. People complain about the micro-transactions, but I don't see why this is a problem. They're just a side option if you have money and are willing to pay. You can accumulate steel just fine without the transactions, and the pacing of how fast you unlock stuff is actually very well done. When I bought this game, I played it for around 13 hours day one. Super good."
,Recommended,304390,30048920,Posted: 19 February,all,CheddarSombrero,"Updated on 3-1-17:So the network issues that I claimed weren't there happened to be a coincidence because now, i'm getting far more kicks and connection issues such as players leaving mid game but to be honest, it's nothing gamebreaking for me. However, I have the leisure of saying so because i'm in a densley populated area, this may not be true for others that are living in a place with a low population. Since P2P matchmaking is in this game, I can see why some people may hold off.. The only other complaint I had was just resolved by a patch and that was the inconsistency with my PS4 controller and how sometimes zone attacks and heavy attacks wouldn't work, at all. This is my no means a perfect game but if you enjoy the core gameplay elements, live in a somewhat populated area and don't mind the story being online only then i'd say go for it. I'll leave this game at 7.5/10 until I see a significant change to matchmaking but I wouldn't give it any higher than 8/10 unless they do something with the grindy, currency system in the game.Enjoying it so far. No network issues, game runs smooth as hell. I'll update later."
76561198104969218,Recommended,304390,30053117,Posted: 20 February,all,Merchuyley,You cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is fullYou cannot join this session because it is full
,Recommended,304390,30054507,Posted: 20 February,all,Kawaii~Desu,"I recommend this game, but it can make people rage tho"
,Recommended,304390,30055641,Posted: 20 February,all,kesvictorkhan,"Even with its weaknesses, I would still highly recommend this game.The Game Play, The Combat, Unique Classes with gear score all make up for the connection issues I have suffered over the past week.P2P Servers are most definitely a problem with For Honor, Although reading other reviews I think connection issues may seem slightly exaggerated, If this can be fixed, a 9/10 from me."
76561198064831831,Not Recommended,304390,30099176,Posted: 22 February,all,Gorinich,"Disconnect, disconnect,disconnect,disconnect,disconnect,disconnect, 2 min boot time, 1 min playing game and guess what? DISCONNECT!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,304390,30112805,Posted: 22 February,all,onzyone,So I am really having a great time playing this game ... but I really can't stand all of the network issues. I can't go more than two rounds before getting an error and booted back to the main screan ... sigh
,Not Recommended,304390,30114050,Posted: 22 February,all,Your Imaginary Friend,Can't even play 4v4 matches without being kicked/disconnected. If you're lucky you get to play 1 out of every 4 games without any problems. Have to love spending a full playing just to almost win then ERROR DISCONNECTED! They have the money to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ but they don't. I'd get my money back if i could.
,Not Recommended,304390,30177545,Posted: 25 February,all,uVindicate,Unable to connect to ubi soft servers due to fps issues EVEN THOUGH I HAD NO FPS ISSUES 0 LAG AND IT STILL KICKS YOU! LOL This game is a joke people ask you to honor 1v1s but 90% dont including them its a trash game fun at first my second day playing it im requesting a refund. PVP issues. Combat issues. You wanna fight someone dont go near any ledge or else people will simply toss you over it for a free kill. this game is too boring a big headache and has a terrible community because of the way the game was made. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
76561197969347258,Not Recommended,304390,30177879,Posted: 25 February,all,Red_Earth,"While I cannot recommend this game, I still enjoy it regardless of the rampant disconnects and other latency issues. I remain hopeful that one day this game will develop into a long-lived franchise. It has a lot of potential."
76561198061841622,Recommended,304390,30202653,Posted: 26 February,all,Natas,"Decent game if you dont play 4v4 the peer 2 peer connection is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like everyone says but 4v4 also uses gear which makes the game honestly pay to win at higher tiers. Summary get good play 1v1, 2v2 and you wont see 90% of the issues everyones crying about minus the cheese"
,Recommended,304390,30279163,Posted: 2 March,all,James,"An outstanding game that keeps you glued to your seat and encourages you to progress into becoming a better warrior. There are however, a great number of matchmaking and connectivity issues that Ubisoft needs to address."
,Recommended,304390,30502660,Posted: 13 March,all,Kchypark,"Please... ubisoft this game is great and I don't want it to have a stroke in less then 3 months.FIX                                                THE                                                      ""SERVERS""and everything else like matchmaking, revenge builds, ec..........A connection error has occured. Returning to main menu..."
,Not Recommended,304390,30519016,Posted: 14 March,all,Mikey,"Avoid like the black PLAGUE!!  The game overall could be great, but it's designed by people who have absolutely no idea what they are doing when it comes to a fighting game.  Add on tons of cash store items (A prest 3 can buy 108 gear) that give you better stats and the terrible P2p servers and this game is a disaster.  It's a great potential that no one on the fence should jump into in it's current state."
,Recommended,304390,30048909,Posted: 19 February,all,FelixTheCross,"Playing For Honor is like eating an amazing steak, but only being able to use a single chopstick and a soup spoon.The game itself is great! It looks lovely, gameplay is fast and fun, and different classes all feel different and balanced. The ""steak"" of the game is there and is a thrill to play!But actually getting to it is frustrating in a way only Ubisoft can provide. The servers are basically toasters, you only get to actualy finish a game 50% of the time, and the annoyance of a Pay to Win system makes it feel super unbalanced at times.BUT...thankfully these can be fixed easily. Ubisoft can fix the servers, they can fix the connectivity issues, and when that happens we'll have a fun, action PVP. Ubisoft will hopefully, one day, give us a steak knife and fork to enjoy this steak, but until they we just have to jab at it and make the best of our soup spoon."
76561198149346124,Not Recommended,304390,30113495,Posted: 22 February,all,ShockingShane,"Every 2 minutes it says ""lost contact with servers returning to title screen"". I havent even been about to make my emblem yet. I ran the beta just fine.... same PC same internet.."
76561198204405053,Recommended,304390,30129787,Posted: 23 February,all,Quartz Pillar,"Whoa this game looks really cool.The cinematic trailer looks great!very detailed.Looks like movie.Must have a very dedicated team!...or high budget.No matter.I would like to try.I saw other reviews.They seem mostly negative, but are actually mixed.They say servers don't run to well and matchmaking takes too long.It does if you don't have mediocre patience, but it is improving.I paid sixty dollars for this game.I slash a person, I like it.I lose, it is funny.I win, it is fulfilling.I laugh.Peoople rage from it.This game is fun.Most people are good sports, too.I likey.Plus... you can kill people.What more do you want?With swords and axes, too!Get it, you should.If you want to, that is."
,Recommended,304390,30169689,Posted: 25 February,all,SoloSmithy,Sometimes you get pushed off a cliff.Sometimes you push people off a cliff.There are too many cliffs in this game.I love it.
76561198080104675,Recommended,304390,30177296,Posted: 25 February,all,GoldAxe,"Great game...I took part in the closed and open beta and in those beta's i had a lot of random errors but this final release had reduced a lot of them, graphics are good, no rude people in comments, great game mechanics and campaign is interesting."
76561198106106769,Recommended,304390,30177452,Posted: 25 February,all,Gelder,No Honor
76561198080263894,Not Recommended,304390,30177989,Posted: 25 February,all,Daborgon,Great game but the MM is♥♥♥♥♥♥even when you open your ports
,Not Recommended,304390,30182474,Posted: 25 February,all,Gygex,"NAT type strict no matter what i do. literally couldnt join 1 game because of the P2P no dedicated servers. ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT, they cant actually get one ♥♥♥♥in thing right. This is the very last UBISOFT game I ever play."
,Not Recommended,304390,30196663,Posted: 26 February,all,Korinra,"While toted as a high quality combat system, For Honor is a waste of hard drive space. It certainly looks good on paper, but the actual appeal is lost the moment you hit multiplayer.CombatThe combat system is elegantly designed in simplicity, with layers of complex nature. The problem? It's easy to break by simply spamming certain attacks, which ruin 9/10 of the playable characters. I don't know how many times I've taken on 1v4 and killed all 4 enemies, just because they want to fight and I just want to spam left click. Additionally, throwing people into instant-death hazards is WAAAAAY too easy. It's usually unblockable, near instant, and has a HUGE range.MultiplayerNever, have I ever seen a more toxic community. This game is 100% filled to the brim with the worst kind of people. Have a question? Trolled. Have a request? Trolled. Try to help an ally? Trolled harder. Win? Trolled. Lose? Oh you better believe you'll be trolled. This game's community is the worst, and that's coming from a LoL/Smite/Overwatch player. Additionally I love how they implemented an in-game voice feature that I've never once seen anyone use once. No communication then a barrage of typed insults by keyboard cowboys about how no one else is talking, well Buttercup? You're not either.SingleplayerBy far the best feature in this game, as it plays exactly as expected. Too bad the AI is dumb as a board and boring repetitive.SoundBeautiful... I actually have no complaints about music or sound, I just would suggest making it so that if you're knocked into something like an iron gate, you don't get the same sound effect as being knocked into a stone wall. It seems off somehow.ControlsEh... not bad? I mean it's like someone took a game, then plastered a fighting game on top of it. Every character has special button combos and methods to play, which for some people is nice I guess. For me though it means it's a waste of time. I mean seriously, that's 12 different ways to fight I have to remember if I want variety in who I play as.CharactersActually pretty well thought out, I like the diversity of the roster, I just wish their buttons were more similar. On this note though I HATE the Revenge function. Each character gains ... revenge-meter?... based on certain things, such as taking damage, blocking, parrying, etc... When it's full, they gain half their health back, become unblockable, and take less damage. That's cool and all, but I've seen and used my meter multiple times in a VERY fast paced fight. It fills so fast that it just serves the purpose of extending a fast-paced interesting fight into a slow grindy samey fight.MenusMy god... please... consolidate these nightmare enducing black holes you call menus. Do you know how long it took me to get comfortable with where things were? For instance, to practice against an unmanned bot that auto-heals and allows you to practice your attacks: Multiplayer > How to Play > Train > Level 0 Bot.Ok why is it multiplayer? Why isn't it just on the main menu?:MultiplayerTrainHow to Playetc..These menus are absolutely abismal and the controls to maneuver them are attrocious. I know this game was originally intended to be a console game, but when you ported it to PC you should you know... take that into account."
76561198145751189,Recommended,304390,30303797,Posted: 3 March,all,Gilbert2012060,"I love this game more then anything in the world, I put hours into the open beta and learned all I could for the day I bought it. But, the ranking for when you go to battle is horrible. The game your sent into can be great if you like being mopped off the floor. Dont get me wrong the game is amazing but you really need a ranking system because I have a life to attend to so I cant play 24/7 like some of these people and I know it is just rank but I dont need my team of P1 going up to fight P3-P4."
76561198174619442,Recommended,304390,30360433,Posted: 6 March,all,TheWorldWarrior,This game is perfectly fine people giving the game a bad review because they suck at PVP on For Honor the p2p servers are perfectly fine most of the time yes you'll have a issues with some servers but if the host leaves it will just pick another host the servers are fine and people complaining about them getting 4v1'd they need to stop complaining because thats part of the game its your team vs there you won't get 4v1'd if your entire team is good this game requires teamwork you can carry to a certain extent for your whole team but thats not the best strategy I can recommend this game to anyone who likes competition game is incredibly good looking and optimized I get 120+ fps everything maxed out GTX 1070
,Not Recommended,304390,30377413,Posted: 7 March,all,JLC,...............................
,Recommended,304390,30404606,Posted: 9 March,all,アリサ エッカート,"Damn, Chivalry 2 beta looks great! Can't wait until actual release!"
76561198343866965,Recommended,304390,30505410,Posted: 14 March,all,Soggy Toast,"Pretty good game overall, but some bugs and issues here and there that are really annoying.Nice and different combat system.Fun multiplayer, but the singleplayer is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥8/10"
,Recommended,304390,30810407,Posted: 29 March,all,jigglybuns,7/10Good Idea could of been insane but the devs didn't excute it well.
76561198046938505,Recommended,304390,30932712,Posted: 3 April,all,Quique Pizza,"I dont get why people is so mad, but well, you know the industry of the games today: Either the franchise is bad or the playerbase is a bunch of cry babies. It may have some problems in the begining but most of them are fixed now.The balance is also coming and the devs are aware and are transparents with the playerbase.Even something as trivial as cosmetic where given to the playerbase to stop whining, when overwatch also does the same (I KNOW IS 20 DOLARS CHEAPER) and is even worse with the amount of rng per cosmetic.Overall I like a lot this game! Almost all my friend have it and I am having a blast."
,Recommended,304390,30933714,Posted: 3 April,all,RadPanda,The meme game is getting better. Would recommend once the balance patch hits.
,Recommended,304390,31082530,Posted: 11 April,all,InfamousMR_B,"SOOOOOO....Ive played 45 hours of For Honor and now!, after playing a few matches at 5:45am, i think im ready to write a review:SO For Honor has fantastic gameplay (swordplay) with very diverse characters and a wonderful story mode with coop, which if you buy, i strongly recommend doing. HOWEVER, this IS a multiplay based game and the creators are Ubisoft.........*long pause* those two just dont go well together. HOWEVER!! Having preordered, played in closed beta, AND clocked 222 hrs in Rainbow Six Siege (which is great now strongly recommend) i felt like i knew what i was getting into.....WRONG its actually worse!! (here are where the cons are) --->-Matching right now is god awful! dont get me wrong youll have matches that are balanced but the ones that are not are     BRUTAL, and i knooow your not going to win them all, this aint pokemon....-PEER TO PEER: Do i even need to go any further with this? -_--characters need some work, some are WAY too powerful, BUT they are releasing patches to fix themIN CONCLUSION! (sorry im done yelling)  In conclusion For Honor is a good game, its like chivalry on bath salts, great story, especially if you can get a buddy to play with, and decent multiplayer, it just needs a little work- thumbs upBTW this isnt pay-to-win...PEOPLE SAY THAT AND YOU CANT PAY FOR SKILL IN ANY GAME!!! sorry now im done. XD"
,Recommended,304390,29948980,Posted: 15 February,all,Smokey McBongwater,"Anyone who ♥♥♥♥♥es about ""p2p"" servers have no idea how the idea is actually implemented and just get rekt on. Poor kids leaving a negative review because they're bad.Buy this game if you like skill based games, then leave a negative review when you suck.Seems like the norm around here."
,Not Recommended,304390,30367500,Posted: 6 March,all,RotaryGT [ZF],So ♥♥♥♥ing unbalanced
76561198011440759,Recommended,304390,32026618,Posted: 28 May,all,lewis,I guess it's okay
,Not Recommended,304390,31873367,Posted: 20 May,all,Thunder Child,"Only use safe moves, just wait for your opponent to swing. Stale game"
,Not Recommended,304390,32031898,Posted: 28 May,all,Cunder_Thunt,"It's a cancer.In other words, it's your typical Ubisoft game with a load of bugs that they will ban you for, but will never fix."
,Recommended,304390,29954881,Posted: 15 February,all,Byte,"This game gets a lot of hate for the P2P network connection the games use. Personally, the only network issues I come across are when the host of the lobby leaves, which more often than not end up successfully transferring to a proper host within the time available, and a few occasional hiccups which are met with a game pause to avoid any unfair moves during the hiccup.With the network connectivity aside, I have never played a game similar to this, or at least extensively. My playlist of games includes MOBA's and FPS games, with some Open World type games. And I love this game. People say the combat can get boring, but if you start to get worn out, switch queue types. There is the fast paced dominion capture-the-point mode, the potentially stressful 1v1 and 2v2 game types, the hectic skirmish mode and the larger scale 4v4 mode.I expect to be playing this game for a long time, and hopefully the P2P connection, some slightly over/underpowered heroes and various launch bugs don't scare people away, because this is a great game and deserves live out as one."
13376661337133766,Recommended,304390,30447575,Posted: 11 March,all,billy the bob,"The game itself is good, i just dont like the connection problems. You probs are gonna get mad sometimes but its gonna get better.."
,Recommended,304390,30543592,Posted: 16 March,all,TheDarkSherpa,"The Game That Had Potential.Let's start this review off with the community surrounding the game. With many matches behind me now, I can safely say 97% of the community are salt driven players who start screaming when they start dying too many times in matches. First they call you out for using an ""over powered"" class, and when that doesn't work, they get mad because they realize that I for one was top 6% of the playerbase in skill rankings.. Lose Lose scenario there.Matchmaking system we can all agree is terrible. Who thinks its a fantastic idea to impliment a Peer to Peer connection but also include Micro Transactions in a game. Those micro transactions (Shoutout to you Ubisoft) could be used to buy the damn dedicated servers needed to make this game flawless (which is why you lost most of your playerbase in a few weeks).Graphics are stunning. I love the scenery, love the campaign, and even the OST was enough to satisfy me whilst immersing myself in the game.The combat was not necessarily unique, however it did fill that void that the Dark Souls III DLC is soon to fill as well. Fluid, yet punishing if you mess something up. Timing and strategy are all key aspects in it. P.S. If you don't want to get thrown off a ledge, stay away from the ledges. It's a simple strategy.With everything combined the game was great. The community and the P2P system are what threw this game off, as well as the consistent disconnecting from matches due to errors when a host would leave.Conscensus: 6/10. The game needs work. But it is still a fun experience."
76561198151802168,Not Recommended,304390,30546437,Posted: 16 March,all,juancarlosbelen3015,This ♥♥♥♥ing game cant even connect to other players to play. So i paid 60 dollars for a broken piece of crap. This ♥♥♥♥ing company i so cheap.
76561198069895228,Not Recommended,304390,30973093,Posted: 5 April,all,rubenlucero,"You need Uplay to run this. Need I say more? ahh and the servers are total crap, good luck getting steel when you are being booted halfway through a match."
,Recommended,304390,30007905,Posted: 18 February,all,Bloodmorphed,"I have only 20 hours, 24 total if you include beta.But I absolutely love this game. I do not make steam reviews very often. This will only be my second review and I feel the need to counter the hate on this game. P2P doesn't make it bad, a bad choice yes, but the game itself is good. People clearly don't know what pay to win is.P2P Bad or good? - It is bad, but only for a few people. I have had little problems. Though I do usually only play 1v1 and 2v2s, so not much chances of failing connections.Buying Steel - Who cares? It gives no extreme advantage, and it is mostly cosmetic. If you are bad at the game, you will get stomped regardless of the others person items. More over you actually HAVE to play the game to get anywhere, you canjust buy levels, buy a full set and wreck, Even if you could - wouldn't matter if you sucked.Combat - VERY GOOD! I've seen some reviews about the combat sucking, and if you are facing a spammer or a new person I would agree. But if you face someone who knows what they are doing, things get really fun and mind-gamey.Graphics - Not exactly the best in the business but it is still pretty good. Some of the maps are nice to look at.Controls - Gamepad seems to be the easiest. KB&M seems very clunky to me, and I usually prefer KB&M over a gamepad. The gamepad just feels more natural for this game.I would definately recommend this game, especially if you liked the combat in games like Dark Souls. I would advise to keep your eye on your refund timer though, just in case.Cheers!"
