user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198100589755,Recommended,304410,20072410,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,I love my Force Kin,"Help. I'm 8161 puzzles in and i can't stop. This is like minesweeper, but better. No randomness, way better mechanics, unlimited replayability. It's all about logic and stuff. Just the right level of challenge for me. I'm way too hooked. Also each puzzles takes me 1-4 mins. Just woke up? Time to sneak in one puzzle. Queueing up for LoL and nothing to do? Sneak in another few puzzles.Some one save me.Edit 24/09/2016:10 000 infinite puzzles finally.http://imgur.com/a/NiiFCEdit:Cons: After you've gotten the hang of the game, it's not challenging anymore. In the infinite puzzles you can make as many mistakes as you like, no penalties, and if you solved them it's still considered completed. It's up to you to challenge yourself to make no mistakes and/or speedrun. But it's still very addictive. Minesweeper kind of addiction."
,Recommended,304410,11949643,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Otter Chaos,"The Hexcells series are my favorite puzzle games.  It's true that minesweeper is an easy comparison, but also unfair, as it would be to compare a modern car to a Model T.  A bit of math, much more logic, an infinite puzzle generator, and you've got yourself a puzzle game that will last forever!  Buy it now!DISCLAIMER:  Forever is a really, really long time, and you won't be around to see it.  Rest assured though, that whoever is around will be able to enjoy Hexcells forever!  Just not you.  Sorry."
,Recommended,304410,32802296,Posted: 25 June,all,King_Kermit,"10/10 I honestly can't think of any downsides other than maybe that you cannot make your own levels. It's got a random level generator and 36 dev made levels. Its like minesweeper but more complex. There is a lot of ""if this then this"" stuff. If you love to play old Windows XP minesweeper but want a bit more challenge, then you will likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,304410,16945641,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,atro city,"Day 1: Just finished the game. Man, that was challenging. Hey, what's this? An infinite mode? Let me try it out...Day 2: These randomly generated puzzles are great, I'm having a blast.Day 5: Still playing this infinite mode. Maybe I should stop.Day 24: Had a nightmare where I couldn't figure out the solution to a Hexcells puzzle and had to guess. I woke up in a cold sweat.Day 57: Didn't...didn't I have a job and a life at some point? I think I did. Oh well, onto puzzle 1172.Day 133: I can solve forever...Day 376: My debate skills have dramatically improved. Every conversation now appears to me as a hex puzzle, with all the branching paths, dead ends and subtle nuances of social interaction reduced to pure rules and numbers. It's beautiful.Day 804: I have finished my prototype for four-dimensional Hexcells. Within this game will lie the answer to everything.Day 2755: My God, it's full of cells...Seriously though, buy this game"
,Recommended,304410,32010050,Posted: 27 May,all,fineous,"Yes, it is similar to minesweeper, but it has many more dimensions of logic than minesweeper which make it significantly more interesting, challenging and rewarding.  I've completed like five out six levels so far, and I find it actually a little too challenging and often get stuck for longer than is fun.  It is, however, very rewarding when you complete a level.  One important thing to know: YOU NEVER HAVE TO GUESS.  There's always enough information to KNOW what is the right move.  If you think it's too arbitrary because you're guessing all the time, then there's another level of logic for you to discover.  If you enjoy hard puzzles, this is for you.  If you enjoy very casual games, this might be harder than you would like."
,Recommended,304410,12024714,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Ooops,"The third and most likely final sibling in the Hexcells family, Hexcells Infinite, like its title suggests, provides an infinite game experience: in addition to another set of 36 hand-crafted levels, it includes a random puzzle generator!The hand-crafter levels are about as difficult as the ones in Hexcells Plus, or marginally easier (either that, or I'm just getting better at solving them.) I regret that only one of them provides special instructions (in this case ""each column contains an odd number of blue cells"") as I feel more of them would benefit the challenge variety. This absence is also partially responsible for the scarcity of satisfying ""aha"" moments, when several clues combine beautifully into a challenging part of the solution. Previous games had me complaining about the puzzles' less than perfect elegance: you usually have quite more clues than you really need. This is still a problem, even if it's now marginally less severe than it was. Another issue, especially for newcomers, is that nowhere in the instructions does the game direct your attention to the box at the top left corner, containing the number of yet undiscovered blue cells, even though it's an essential information for many of the puzzles. All of that didn't stop me from enjoying the 36 puzzles and feeling a real satisfaction each time I could perfect one. They are more missed opportunities than mortal sins.The real attraction of Hexcelles Infinite, of course, is the randomly generated levels. There are 100 millions of them, so there is no risk of running out before growing completely tired of Hexcells. You can let the computer choose or you can specify a seed yourself, so it's easy to share a level with your friends . There is an option to use the date as a seed as well, and have a ""puzzle of the day"", but don't expect a leaderboard for it, à la Spelunky. The real question is this: ""Are the randomly-generated puzzles as good as the hand-crafted one?"" Predictably, the answer is no. Mainly because the elegance issue, that I mentioned above, is considerably worse. Random levels are chock-full of redundant clues, and lack any kind of the symmetry that makes a puzzle attractive. I find that a real shame, as it shouldn't be too difficult to devise an algorithm that gets rid of some of the redundancy, and maybe couple it with a difficulty setting. Are the random puzzles good enough to sustain interest? Your mileage may vary, depending on whether you play casually, or seriously. ""Serious"" players will lament the low difficulty. Most of them took me less than 4 minutes and I've yet to find one that I couldn't solve in less than 10. But that may be exactly what you're looking for, and as a way to relax and pass a bit of time, the random puzzle generator is serviceable. Nevertheless, my impression is that those that enjoy the kind of challenge offered by the 36 main levels, will find the random ones too trivial for their taste.Audio-visually, Hexcells Infinite is identical to its predecessors. You get the same white, blue and yellow colours, the same menu presentation, the same ambient soundscapes... It's all very nice and stylish, but a bit of variety, like selectable visual themes, for example, would have been welcome.Hexcells Infinite is the best Hexcells yet. It feature another 36 good, difficult puzzles and the random number generator has the potential to satisfy your need for casual puzzle solving during a great many hours."
,Recommended,304410,19758298,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,perfect free,Hexcells is gorgeous and sharp-edged and orderly. Pure logic. Don't guess. You never need to. Play it if you're a puzzle fan.
,Recommended,304410,23530873,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,wormpkeaton,Hexcells Infinite is a bit like Minesweeper but 100x better.
,Recommended,304410,32943365,Posted: 28 June,all,Arziel1992,Simple at a glance but it has its complexities.VERY addictive.
76561197984868178,Recommended,304410,13082509,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,toriver,"Ah, the purity of a good logical puzzle, with nice ambient sounds to soothe. With an infinite mode as an added bonus. But do get the two others in the series as well."
,Recommended,304410,24088827,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lostprophet,"Brilliant minimalist puzzle game, that offers a real challenge.100% logical, 0 guessing needed.Relaxing music.Very Cheap.Buy it."
,Recommended,304410,11952700,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,availableusername,"After a couple of hours playtime, I can honestly say that the game is everything I was hoping for.If you didn't like the first two installments, don't bother with this one either since it didn't bring anything new to the table gameplay-wise when compared to Plus. It's essentially an ultimate version with some _really_ hard levels, where you can stare at the board for ten minutes at a time before you have deduced the next possible step.The logic involved seems to me to be a bit more advanced than in Plus sometimes. There are for example more occasions, in which the puzzles require counting the remaining blues and determining by addition of unsaturated column-restrictions and number-blocks, that there is no possible way that some unrelated  cells could be anything other than blacks (or blues), often giving you the decisive hint to complete the puzzle.I'm three levels short of completing the game, but will pause for now, since it's getting late and sleeping during work hours is for some reason frowned upon at my job. But the level-generator is certainly great for long-term motivation and I can see myself going back to it every now and again, even if the resulting puzzles don't seem to be as challening or clever than the hand-made ones.In terms of presentation, little has changed compared to Hexcells Plus. Wouldn't have needed to anyway, in my opinion. Saving puzzles is nice though when you're stuck, and as someone who enjoys watching tv-shows or listening to music while playing, the option to turn off music and sound separately is great and much appreciated.In conclusion: Truly good successor with very well designed puzzles and another difficulty-increase. The level-generator is the icing on the cake, I recommend this game to every puzzle-fan. Though if you've never played any hexcell-game, you might as well start with Plus (or even the original, which I've personally found a bit too easy, but still makes an excellent tutorial to the series). Just play them all in order, and continue playing infinite for the random-puzzles once you're done with the handcrafted levels! :)"
,Recommended,304410,16164536,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Twistor,"Sequel toHexcellsandHexcells Plus, Hexcells Infinite is more of the same in a similar package and with fairly similar ambient musical theme and abstract graphics. This is in no way a bad thing.Like in the originals, the game mechanics are simple but interesting: you have to find out whether all the hexes within the puzzle are blue or black with rules similar to Mine Sweeper and Hanjies. Baseline is that you can always deduce everything: no guessing is required. Though guessing is not punished either. Nevertheless, you need a near-perfect streak to acquire most achievements.The mechanics have not changed at all after the originals: black hexes contain a number that states how many hexes around it are blue, and blue ones might contain a number stating how many hexes in a two-hex radius are blue. In addition there are Hanjie-like column-numbers that state how many blue hexes are there in a given line.All 36 puzzles are new, so the owners of the original ones will be pleased. The difficulty curve is a bit steeper than in the original Hexcells but little less than in Hexcells Plus. In effect, it is great as a stand-alone title requiring no knowledge of the two games from before. For me it took 8 hours to complete all 36 hand-crafted puzzles.Thankfully, saving within a puzzle has finally been provided! I have to wonder why it wasn't featured in the originals. The other new, much-sought after feature are the random-generated puzzles that add a ridiculous amount of replayability: you provide a random number seed and the level is generated, there being supposedly 2 billion levels. Unfortunately, I found the random levels frankly uninspiring and underwhelming in difficulty when compared to the original puzzles. Curiously, the way the random seed is provided introduces a social feature: you can post the coolest random levels (i.e. their seeds) to public forums for others to try. With so many random levels, there are bound to be some gems in the flock discovered only by trying.With Hexcells Infinite, I'd wager this kind of puzzle game has pretty much been perfected as a concept. I would certainly welcome there being more of these cleverly crafted and well-designed puzzles. The graphics are as perfect as they can be for an abstract game and the ambient music fits the abstract theme splendidly.If you already played and enjoyedHexcellsandHexcells Plus, this game is a must-buy. Otherwise I'd really recommend eitherHexcellsor Hexcells Infinite for their balanced difficulty curves."
,Recommended,304410,16901413,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Windex,A dream of logical purity.
76561198086773104,Recommended,304410,11949223,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Cookie 🍪,"After 20 hours of gameplay, I have completed the game, made more than 5 levels in the level editor, and won +100 randomly generated levels, and perfected every single level (the other hours are there because someone else is playing on slot 2), all I can say: this game is one of the best puzzle games i've played.Remember when you thought that Hexcells Plus was hard? Ha, Hexcells Infinite just laughs at that.The puzzles are so well made and most of the time you'll stare at your screen for a good 10 minutes until you see what you have to do for the next step, and often it turns out to be the most simple thing, the game hides its clues very well in the least obvious way possible, so I really recommend playing the first two games before this one to get you ready, but before you do that, i'll let you know, that no matter what, there is no need to guess in all of the Hexcells games at all, so try to think twice before you make your next move!And now, the new stuff! Randomly generated levels, I find them pretty enjoyable, they are all possible without guessing, which is impressing! The only problem I have with them is that they are kind of ""too easy"" compare to Hexcells Infinite levels, but I don't blame the creator for that, they are still very enjoyable to solve.And the last thing left, the level editor, yes you heard me, a LEVEL EDITOR, everyone likes level editors (Ri.. right??), however, the level editor does not come with the game and needs to be downloaded from the Steam Community, but I didn't really mind that, the level editor also has an auto-solver that tries to solve your puzzles to make sure they are 100% possible without guessing, and I find that neat, the editor is fun to mess around with, and will sure give you a few hours of enjoyment.And now for my final opinion:Hexcells Infinite is a MUST for any puzzle fan, it's great, fun, cheap, and has a great replay value because of the randomly generated levels and the level editor.*If you liked Hexcells Infinite you may also like:*- Hexcells and Hexcells Plus.- Squarecells."
76561198049013471,Recommended,304410,27995620,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,chezfromage,"It's deterministic Minesweeper - no guessing necessary to solve each puzzle.And it's glorious. The pre-made levels are extremely challenging, and while the generated ones aren't quite the same caliber, they're still an enjoyable way to relax and waste some time.Trust me on that...  2000 solved and counting.  You know, because I have my priorities balanced and all."
,Recommended,304410,32276978,Posted: 8 June,all,Korfor,"Nice, always love hexcells. And this one got an almost random generator, but the generator isn't perfect, because most of the times it will force you to gamble."
76561198041163905,Recommended,304410,24101095,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,trampingaround,"I read the (few) negative reviews because I was curious what could cause someone to vote negatively.  Most of the negative reviewers were down voting because they felt cheated that the ? cells forced them to guess.  Truth is that if I had to guess I would likely feel cheated as well.  Here's the thing:If you are guessing, you're doing it wrong.Hexcells is not about guessing.  You can complete every puzzle without guessing.  That has been my experience.  I have completed all three games (less two puzzles at the end of the third that I'm still struggling with), plus nearly a hundred on inifite.  Mind you, there are some puzzles that you have to spend a whole bunch of time trying to bend the logic to your will, but...That's the point, right?The question mark cells simply don't tell you anything not to force you to guess, but to keep the level of challenge up.  Which, IMO, I think is just about perfect.  Great job devs.tl;drNo guessing or cheating necessary.  Whole-heartedly recommend.Edit from six months later:  I have now completed all the puzzles in the main games, and over three hundred puzzles in the infinite mode.  Still looking for one where I have to guess.  In my top five favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,304410,23648559,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,flicks09,"I bought this game on sale thinking it would be a fun puzzle game for 20 minutes here and there...in my first sitting I played for nearly 3 hours straight.Hexcells Infinite is an addicitive, ambient puzzle game that is slightly reminiscent of Minesweeper. However, this game possesses an elegant charm that makes it brilliant and unique. Every time I complete one puzzle I am compelled to try 'just one more'."
76561197974813550,Recommended,304410,13831133,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,VanillaSky,"Minesweeper V34.0 - 10/10Introduction:Imagine Hexcells Infinite as a modern version of Minesweeper, only with hexcells, an increased difficulty and well thought out new game mechanisms. You don't need to have played the previous Hexcells games before (count me in), but it's the first Hexcells game, which includes a random puzzle generator, if I'm not mistaken. Therefore the prior titles are obsolete and Hexcells Infinite could be all you need. The objective is similar to Minesweeper: identify all blue fields (bombs) and reveal the whole stage. The hexcells themselves and the new game mechanisms like indicators, which will reveal, how many blue fields are widespreaded in one straight line or how many have to be in a certain area and in which order (in sequence or detached), are great innovations and can deliver a great and satisfying challenge for your brain, especially in huge levels, where you can easily loose the overview and have to count a lot. On average most levels can be solved in 7-20 minutes.The game has 2 modes: chapter mode (6 chapters with 6 levels per chapter) and infinite mode (generate random levels (8 digit seed number), share your level by sharing your seed number, import seed numbers from friends or simply use the date of the day as seed number)Pro:easy to learn, hard to master without doing one single mistakeno gameover if you've done a mistake (BUT you have to replay the whole level, if you want to gain 100% in every level and the related achievement)no time limit (time will still be logged)relaxing and zenlike atmosphere/music36 challenging predefined levels plus random puzzle generator = more puzzles than you will ever play, probablythe random generated levels can be shared with other peopleextremely addictingvery high replayabilitymid-level saving possiblepriceNeutral:you could get the ambition to punch someone or destroy something, if you did an unwary turn (again) and have to repeat the same level (again) for perfection (that's no contra, because difficulty is an essential part of logic games, but still....AAAARGH)Contra:surprisingly nothingConclusion:Hexcells Infinite is the perfection of an ancient logic puzzle game, simple as that. It's another useful game for a healthy brain workout and I have absolutely nothing to complain about. If you've played Hexcells or Hexcells Plus before and liked it, but you've missed a random puzzle generator, then here it is, the true INFINITE version! It's no problem, if you haven't played Hexcells before. You can learn it easily and have a great time staring at your screen until your eyes pop out of your head. The random puzzle generator guarantees a very high replayability and endless fun. You can get a lot of entertainment for a very fair price. Absolutely recommendable for logic puzzle lovers. Requirement: brain.10/10----------------------~ Do you want to add something to the review or do you want to share your opinion? Feel free to make a comment."
,Recommended,304410,26942044,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turtle,Beat all the levels.  Then got 100% achievements.  Then kept playing.  The seasons passed.  Kept playing.  I aged.  Kept playing.  Empires rose and fell.  Kept playing.  Half-Life 3 was released.  Kept playing.
,Recommended,304410,22618661,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Maoman,"I bought the game because it sounded interesting and I'm a lot more willing to buy games now that I can refund if I don't like it. I tried it out and thought it was great, played it for a little bit, then went to bed. The next day, I look at steam and am surprised to see it says ""You have played 100 minutes""I was genuinely stunned - those 100 minutes flew by so damn fast, I swear I thought I had only played for like 15-20 minutes.If you like logic based puzzle games with clear rules, this is a must have.  Think minesweeper but set up such that you NEVER have to guess. You can always figure out the solution without guessing in any way, like sudoku. Sure, you CAN guess then just remember what the answer was, restart, and pretend like you figured it out with no mistakes, but the way you SHOULD play this game is to never ever click anything unless you are 100% certain you're right. It's much more entertaining and satisfying this way.Additionally, it's all broken up into fairly small, bite-sized levels, so you can spend just 10 minutes playing while waiting for something and still get through a level or two. Of course you can also do what I did and spend almost two hours playing without even realizing time is passing by..."
76561197964231337,Recommended,304410,13993674,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[N.o.N] Leftie,"The Hexcells series (Hexcells, Hexcells Plus and now Hexcells Infinite) has been an incremental polishing of a strong concept. The game base mechanics feel like a mix between Sudoku and the old Microsoft Minesweeper.One difference should be pointed out, though: Sometimes in Minesweeper, you would end up having to guess, because with the information available to you, there were more than one possible solution. Not so in Hexcells. There'salwaysenough info to get you one step further. You just have to be able to process the information properly. Don't get me wrong - there are times when I've been completely stuck. Some of the later pre-made levels are monstrously tough to do flawlessly. The fact that youknowit's all down to you and your abilities though, makes it more of a challenge and less frustrating.The ways the information about the board is communicated to you, has been one of the primary points of evolution in the series. To my mind, the developer has been extraordinarily clever in devising new ways give you hints. If you haven't played the earlier games, the major difference for you as a player, is that the boards are much more varied in this version, simply due to the developer having more tools available to play with. The earlier games are good, but this version truly shines.This latest iteration is called Infinite for a reason, though. He has finally been able to make a level generator, which only needs an 8-digit seed to produce a board. That means if you really want to, there are 100,000,000 boards to play. It's not really infinite, but for all intents and purposes, it might as well be. One of the fun things about this level generator, is that it gives you the possibility to challenge other players to complete the same boards as you do. All you have to do is tell them the seed for that board.In short, if you're a fan of abstract, number-type puzzles, this game should keep you occupied for quite some time."
,Recommended,304410,28968659,Posted: 2 January,all,Kaseda,"Think minesweeper + picross and add a few more interesting rules in there. It's VERY fun.Many reviews say that some guesswork is required, but that is NOT true. Every single level can be completed without guessing (even the procedurally generated ones), and I suppose that simply speaks for the difficulty of the puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,30058281,Posted: 20 February,all,exawhat,/r/hexcellslevels is great with this game.
,Recommended,304410,23142383,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Some1xx,"A fun and challenging logical puzzle game similar to MineSweeper.Using the numbers to work out which tiles to mark.The big difference between Hexcells and Minesweeper is that you never need to guess at any point, there's always a way to work out where to click.Also, numbers can be shown on the outside of the grid and show a different symbol with the number to tell you how the tiles you need to mark are laid out.Unlike Hexcells and Hexcells Plus, Hexcells Infinite has a random level generator in which will allow you to play new puzzles all the time.It's also possible to make your own and share them with others or try theirs out.If you wish to save a bit of money then I suggest only buying HexCells Infinite due to the fact you can play an 'infinite' amount of levels giving you many more hours of playtime."
,Recommended,304410,28312953,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bryan Mills,"This is like a modern and sexy version of the classic Minesweeper.Some of the major differences are time is not a factor and there is never any guessing needed, logic will always reveal the next safe step. Always."
76561198043209342,Recommended,304410,12999980,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Avvann,"A very clever, very addictive puzzler. Can get frustrating at times, but very satisfying once you completed a level that initially seemed impossible."
,Recommended,304410,18241014,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,KipofMudd,"Beautiful puzzling game. Like minesweeper kind of but very, very challenging. Its also super fun and if you only wanted to get one of the three, I'd recommend this one since this one has an infinite mode which lets you play more puzzles randomly generated or a number you get offline.Absolutely amazing 10/10"
76561198023019827,Recommended,304410,12041824,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: ExcellentDifficulty: Medium-high, some HighLikes:- Every puzzle can be solved without guessing- Campaign puzzles are well-designed (e.g., no unnecessary redundant clues, solutions are often subtle)- Campaign puzzles can be very challenging- Has procedurally generated puzzles- Supports player-created levels!  Seereddit.com/r/hexcellslevels- Quite satisfying when you solve a puzzle- Relaxing, pleasant- I enjoy deductive logic puzzlesDislikes:- The procedurally generated puzzles are not challenging (but they are relaxing)"
,Recommended,304410,26929902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fart of Presto,"One of the best chill-out puzzle games ever made!The pre-made levels are excellent, and while the auto-generated ones are not quite there, they still provide a few minutes of good solid logical puzzle solving."
,Recommended,304410,12104124,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,baja gaijin,"Hexcells Infinite: it's still the solid puzzle game I keep pointing out in Hexcells/Hexcells Plus, but this time it's on a slightly tighter engine and it comes with an ""Infinite"" mode where, in addition to the usual 36 handmade levels, there's now a seed-driven set of ""infinite"" puzzles you can go through. It literally turns the game into hex-grid Minesweeper. I will probably never uninstall this because of that. It's still only $5. HOP ON THIS GAME."
76561198176301233,Recommended,304410,32302277,Posted: 9 June,all,NS Plover,"This game is well designed and pure logic. I love logic and would recommend this game to anyone. There are no timers, you can just think it through. I got my husband addicted to it too, and he bought it for his ipad...Plus you can play games based on a random seed or todays date! So it really is infinite! Awesome."
76561197987673438,Recommended,304410,17853319,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Von Mäyrä,"Is Minesweeper a big thing for you? Do you enjoy cracking puzzles using logic? Do you want an endless amount minesweeper inspired logic puzzles that require 0% guessing and 100% pure thought to solve? Well Hexcells Infinite is just the game for you.Aesthetically the game is very minimalistic, clear and clean. The ambient music and the soothing ethereal piano keys played, when you unravel successive hexes, can be quite relaxing.The game has a finite amount of hand-crafted puzzles with a decent enough difficulty curve. The earlier levels are pretty easy to grasp and as more elements and guidelines are introduced the puzzles get increasingly harder. The last of the hand-crafted puzzles can be seriously challenging to beat using just your logic and not guessing without making any mistakes. But like I've said each and every one of these can be beaten without guesswork, just need to look at it in the right angle.After you've completed the hand-crafted there's the infinite puzzle generator. While I've noticed that the levels you get using the generator are usually a lot easier than the last of the manually created levels, so there's not that much challenge there anymore for me, but I still occasionally find myself popping back in to complete a few of them. It's refreshing to warm up your brain's logical thinking with them I suppose.All in all I have to recommend this title to any puzzle fans and especially to those who love minesweeper (because it's pretty much minesweeper but better). Great value for the price. Even more so if you can get it with a discount."
,Recommended,304410,27112624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DonDGT,"Worth the asking price.  The premade puzzles can be quite challenging, especially the later ones.  For me, the real value is in the 'infinite' random levels, where they aren't nearly as hard -- the difficulty of these is usually right on the mark for me.  1500 puzzles later and 100+ hrs into this, I can confidently recommend this 'game'.  I play a few puzzles with my morning coffee now, the way some people work on jumbles or a crossword puzzle.Also, IMO, you don't need the entire collection of Hexcells games.  Infinite is the one to get."
,Recommended,304410,24558095,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ghegs,"Have five minutes to kill? Play a round of Hexcells.Have eight hours to kill? Play several rounds of Hexcells.The main levels are extremely addictive. The last ones can be really tough, but they can completed without any guesswork. The randomly generated levels, while entertaining, are a bit too easy and they didn't grip me in quite the same way as the hand-crafted main levels did. Still an excellent title that'll keep fans of logic puzzles busy for a long while."
76561198024050400,Recommended,304410,29222252,Posted: 13 January,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"Very much like chess, only that you play against the best, ie. yourself."
,Recommended,304410,29390187,Posted: 20 January,all,PhyreMatrix,"There are some games that are genuinely addictive but, this is one of those games where you feel like it's not a time waste of nothingness. Sometimes I can just get so absorbed in Hexcells that I lose track of time. The ambient music, the blinding light of the screen can keep you glued to your seat for minutes deciphering some of these puzzles. After each puzzle you say ""one more won't take long"" then 2 more hours have passed.The logic of this game is wonderful something similar to that strange Windows game Minesweeper only no annoying little bombs that end the game when you hit it. Actually I would say it's a reverse Minesweeper and instead of bombs you've got blue dots. And every time you deduce a blue dot some piano keys play in the background. Sometimes I imagine Hexcells is what happens when your brain is on drugs. I'm not quite sure which drugs yet but it leaves you with a good feeling afterward so take your pick.The only issue I have with the game is the blinding white light that entrances you. It would be nice to have the option of a dark screen. It was implemented on the game Squarecells so I don't see why the developer couldn't add the same function to this one. Also LOVE the random puzzle generator. It breaks up the monotony of the regular levels, which are a challenge unto themselves."
76561198024972696,Recommended,304410,33734392,Posted: 22 July,all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Hexcells Infinite"" continues the upward trend of the already great ""Hexcells"" line of games.  This game differs from the previous game in that it now includes a puzzle generator and the ability to save the progress of a game.  So, once finished with its 36 built in puzzles, you can play an infinite number of generated puzzles (hence the name), and when you get brain-fatigue in the middle of a big puzzle, you can quit without losing your progress.  As with ""Hexcells Plus,"" ""Infinite"" jumps right in and ramps right up.  The game is excellent and all puzzles are solvable without guessing.  The save ability is especially useful because some of these puzzles are huge (puzzle 6-8 took me about 3 hours to complete).  My only real complaint is that some of the puzzles are still too big (even though they can be saved).  With exception of completing 60 randomly generated puzzles to get the final Achievement, finishing the game with all the rest of the Achievements took 19.8 hours.  So, again, it's a game well worth the money.For those who don't believe all the puzzles can be solved without guessing, I refer you to a guide which proves it:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=373284523"
,Recommended,304410,30764629,Posted: 26 March,all,Annoyed Velma,"With Infinite mode, the already excellent game gained incredible replay value, and hours of relaxing puzzle solving. The best way to settle down after a long stressful day!"
,Recommended,304410,31326048,Posted: 23 April,all,Sei,"One of the best logic puzzles I've ever played. I do the ""today's date"" random puzzle everyday, and often more than that. It's a relaxing game for the most part--sometimes it's frustrating when I don't see what I need to see.Some people are comparing it to sudoku or minesweeper. It's sort of like they hooked up and had a baby together and the result was Hexcells.I played the previous Hexcells games and recommend those as well, but if strapped for cash this version of the game will last a long, long time."
76561198036498823,Recommended,304410,16038352,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,"If you had one of the older Microsoft Windows versions, than you might remember the game Minesweeper. You had to find the mines and avoid them by marking them. It worked with some clues, since numbers gave away how many mines are close by.The Hexcells games are very similar to it, but they are not working in square blocks, they come in hexagon shape and often remind of chemical combinations when you open the next level. These shapes make it sometimes hard to figure out what is going on and in later levels you get extra clues for the lines of hexagons and stuff like that.playing Hexcells is fun in a kind of weird way. Even if you don't want to make your math homework, you sit down to ""calculate"" the grids, but it is not that much math anyway, more like drawing lines from dot to dot.Later versions of Hexcells (Hexcells Plus & Hexcells Ininite) are basically the same thing on harder levels and Infinite includes an Endless-Mode that let's you play levels created by chance. Start with the normal game and get infected, this game is addictive and you should consider buying the complete pack right from start.10/10 I think I've seen more hexagons than a beekeeper did"
,Recommended,304410,19787680,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Thalatte,"Game SeriesHexcells Infinite is the third game of its' series. Previous game: Hexcells and Hexcells Plus.Game Visual/AudioThere isn't much can be said about the game's visuals asides from that they're minimalistic. Pretty much the same thing can be said about the game's audio.GameplayThere is no difficulty mode option that's assigned. But each of the puzzles has their own difficult.Hexcells Infinite basically has same formula as its' predecessors Hexcells and Hexcells Infinite. So the objective remains the same. Which is to figure out which cells to make blue and which cells to make black.There are total of three slots with six worlds that has thirty-six puzzles to solve. The first world for each of the three slots are automatically unlocked. Completing one world will unlocked the next one. All of these puzzles can be replayed after the first go around. Please do note that the puzzles in the other two slots are the same as the ones in the first slot.There is a special feature bonus that Hexcell Infinite has. Right beneath the three slots, there's an option for continous gameplay of Hexcells. Henced why the game called Hexcell Infinite. The special feature bonus gameplay can be customized in many different ways that the regular gameplay of Hexcells cannot.There's no time limit in this game. Allowing the individual take as much time that they want to solve each of the puzzles.There seven achievements for this game. Each of these achievements has certain requirements before they can be unlocked.MiscellaneousFinal thoughts, it's an neat game to play and enjoy. As for the game's replay value it's low. I would recommend this game but not at the full price.http://store.steampowered.com/app/304410Reviews for the games in this series:HexcellsHexcells PlusHexcells Infinite"
,Recommended,304410,33024507,Posted: 29 June,all,CHIKUN NODLS,"Remember that classic minesweeper game you used to play?This is basically that game except 100x better and absolutely no guesswork needed. This game is both challenging and rewarding after staring at a puzzle for a long time. Combined with the music and sound effects, it creates a very relaxing way to end my day.It also has a random level generator for unlimited play!10/10 would recommend.Check out the other hexcells games too!"
,Recommended,304410,14858915,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Glypha,"This is far and away the best Hexcells.  It's like Super Hexagon, in that both have hexagons; whereas Super Hexagon is as fast and twitchy as they come, this is in the same degree slow and deliberate. This is the yang to the yin in that regard, but with hexagons instead of circles."
76561198112059304,Recommended,304410,13793009,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pannacone,"Much like the original Hexcells and its sequel, Hexcells Plus, Hexcells Infinite is an updated version of the classic strategy game Minesweeper with a bit of added style: you play with hexagons instead of squares. The board starts with an oddly shaped field made of orange hexagons. Mines are marked by left-clicking a hexagon, turning it blue. Hexagons are revealed by right-clicking, showing the number underneath if you click correctly and shaking the piece and adding a tally mark to your mistake count if you're too hasty in your decisions.Hexcells Infinite expands upon the original two Hexcells games by giving players an additional thirty-six puzzles to complete that contain familiar gameplay elements for Hexcell veterans. Unlike the original Minesweeper, Hexcells is a much more complex game involving a board marked with various different types of clues that give the player hints about how many mines are in each column or in the surrounding area of the board. Hexcells also includes the dreaded ?, a marking that denotes a hexagon that has an unrevealed amount of mines around it, as well as numbered mines that indicate how many mines are in a two-piece radius surrounding the hexagon. These clues come together to create a thought-provoking experience that provides players with more depth and interaction than the traditional game of Minesweeper.Of the three Hexcells games, the original Hexcells remains my favorite. Both Hexcells Plus and Hexcells Infinite include a few gameplay elements that I find more frustrating than enjoyable (namely the addition of ? hexagons that make an otherwise well-balanced game irritatingly challenging and often cause the player to have to make risky clicks based off of luck and some logical guesswork). However, if one were to purchase only one Hexcells game, that game would have to be Hexcells Infinite. As the name implies, Hexcells Infinite is the only game in the Hexcells series to include a puzzle generator, opening up endless gameplay and increasing the value of the game ten-fold.Hexcells Infinite can be seen as an expansion to the original two Hexcells, adding thirty-six new levels for players to complete, or it can be played as a standalone experience, with the basics of the original Hexcells being explained in the earliest levels of Hexcells Infinite. This is the third and final game of the Hexcells series, with the developer not intending to produce more. After completing the set of levels contained in Hexcells Infinite, be sure to check out the original Hexcells games for more hand-created puzzles or continue on playing Hexcells Infinite with some of the randomly generated Hexcells levels."
,Recommended,304410,27899406,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aristophan,"At 102 MB, and a near infinte variety of puzzles, this is one of the best gaming deals of all time. Buy the game.  Tell a firend.  Share the love."
,Recommended,304410,33159096,Posted: 2 July,all,Pope Urban II,"The gameplay is the same as Plus, without any radical new features. Infinite allows the player to save progress in levels upon exit, which makes it much easier to come back to levels previously found too difficult. The random puzzles generally aren't that great, but are a decent way to burn time I suppose. Generally it's a bit easier than Plus, but especially some of the later levels can be very challenging. If you liked the first two games, it's really just more of the same. If not, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,304410,25559193,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Fluff-Kevlar,"Great game in the series, learning curve is for anyone, good start and challenging finish. You don't need to have played the others. Really fun levels in this one, my only criticism is that the randomly-generated levels are so lacking compared to the campaign ones. They're pretty boring and not as fufilling, but good addition regardless if you want more levels after the campaign ones. Highly recommended for puzzle gamers!"
76561198352638818,Recommended,304410,30564258,Posted: 16 March,all,HigadoInflamado,Delete all puzzle games you may have in your library because Hexcells Infinite is the only one that you need in your life.
,Recommended,304410,12688092,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Victorum,"This is the third part of the Hexcells series, and it's really the one that reach perfection.It's truly one of my favourite games. The level generator is absolutely perfect, since you can play all levels one by one if you want, and you can even create your own level pack!In addition to that, the design and music are perfect too...The possibility to save and continue later is welcome, as this was a bit frustrating with the two first Hexcells.(PS: Excuse me for the poor English, i'm French...)"
76561198041070266,Recommended,304410,31930397,Posted: 24 May,all,Mutabor,"One of the best puzzle games out there.This last instalment in the series includes an infinite mode which I used like a ""daily"" puzzle for quite a while with my morning coffee."
,Recommended,304410,35344891,Posted: 30 September,all,Trar [99th Calzones],"Hexcells Infinite is more of the same as theprevioustwogames, except this time there's a random puzzle generator and a couple quality of life improvements to sweeten the deal. There's a pause menu that lets you save your progress in puzzles and come back to them later, and numbers inside blue cells have a glowing radius now which makes utilizing them easier. I quite recommend this for puzzle fans whether they're looking for something relaxing or challenging, because this game is both."
,Recommended,304410,28177755,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,syrito,its sorta like hexcells but there is infinite puzzles but none of them are as good as the finite puzzles
,Recommended,304410,12286483,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Jragghen,"Hexcells Infinite, like its predecessors, is a puzzle game which features minesweeper-like playstyle on a hexagonal grid. In it, you are given information about the number of specific tiles (and some context clues of where they lie), and must use logic to determine where the tiles are.Hexcells Infinite picks up where Plus left off and once more has an excellent level of challenge throughout. In addition to this, it has a random level generator with 1 billion (yes, you read that right) levels available. Furthermore, if you check the Steam forums, they're putting out a tool which lets users create levels then share the keys. While this isn't quite as nice as having integrated Steam Workshop support where people can rate and download those levels automatically, it provides nigh on infinite replayability within the game. I'd recommend picking up the whole trilogy, but if you're going to pick up a single Hexcells game, this is it. Tons of fun."
,Recommended,304410,11991460,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hyetal,"The third Hexcells game. Based on the same formula. Surely the welcome's been worn out, yeah?No. It's even better than the first two. And they were already great. This one starts out a little more difficult than its predecessors, and feels finely tuned throughout. You'll not want for challenge, especially towards the end. And still, it's not frustrating. It's always logical. Always. Even when you're convinced it can't be.The infinite mode isn't as satisfying as the handcrafted levels, but the base mechanics of the game are already very enjoyable, so I can see it being a fun every now and then kind of thing.It's such a good game. If you haven't played the first two, get the pack, right now. They all look kind of like the same game, but the difficulty progression from the first to the third is on point."
,Recommended,304410,26950229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spatvark,"The puzzles in the main game are well crafted, the developer having put some real thought into how they're laid out and how the player may approach solving them, but there aren't really enough puzzles of this sort in the game. Even with the previous two games, there's less than 100 handcrafted levels, most of which take only a couple of minutes to complete.I also would have loved more puzzles like the final one in the game where additional rules were added, putting and interesting twist on solving it.The level generator on the other hand is somewhat disappointing, due to the seemingly limited number of puzzle layouts - how the puzzle initially appears ignoring all hints - though at 100 million possible puzzles, it does add an almost ""infinite"" number of levels to solve, which can serve as an interesting timewaster.The Hexcells Levels reddit athttps://www.reddit.com/r/hexcellslevels/must be mentioned though, since it is a community based on creating further handcrafted puzzles for Hexcells Infinite and I can't recommend it enough.With all of this in mind, I highly recommend Hexcells Infinite."
,Recommended,304410,14789064,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Stitch,:)
,Recommended,304410,14655199,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,tintmylf,"The third Hexcells game, as good as the first two. A simple concept, beautifully executed, and highly recommended for logic puzzle enthusiasts."
,Recommended,304410,24144768,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ggwp,this game is h(exc)ella good!
,Recommended,304410,30109522,Posted: 22 February,all,囍 YuFen,"Very fun and addicting puzzle game, a little like minesweeper, but it does not suck like minesweeper and you can actually play it and finish puzzles xD very peaceful as well, and the puzzles are infinite lol obviously. anyway check it out! its worth it :D"
,Recommended,304410,24324689,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Julf51,Similar to Minesweeper but no. Good time killer
76561197992684539,Recommended,304410,14962058,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,smooks,"The best version of Hexcells by far.The simplest way to describe it is a mix between minesweeper and picross; and it adds even more puzzle elements.  Any fan of those games will certainly appreciate Hexcells.Infinite keeps all of the mechanics from Plus and adds a random generator so you can essentially never run out of hexcells puzzles to play.  The generated puzzles tend to be more simple than the handmade puzzles but it's better than nothing.  There is also a way to import user made puzzles using a code, so that's great too.Easily recommended for any fan of logic puzzles.  I really look forward to future creations from Matthew Brown."
,Recommended,304410,30171421,Posted: 25 February,all,greevdef,It's an infinite puzzle game full of infinite fun.  You should buy it.
,Recommended,304410,24007589,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lameboat,"Simply the best puzzle game series you're going to find. Hexcells Infinite is the best of the three, but working your way from the first game to the third (with its prize of an unending number of puzzles) brings as much satisfaction as the puzzles themselves.Instead of being repetitive and mind-numbing, the Hexcells games are ones you can relax into and play for hours without tiring of them. Unlike most logic puzzles they maintain difficulty levels and continually present challenges without ever relying on guesswork.This entire series is a must-have for anyone who enjoys logic puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,15299729,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,ducky,"My go-to game when I need a break to free up my mind. The puzzles satisfy my need for logic problems without stressful timers or game ending mistakes.People often ask what the game is like, and it's hard to describe. It is similar to minesweeper, but better and more complex. You can replay puzzles to better your score and get achievements. Once you complete all the levels the game still has replayability with the daily puzzle option. Sometimes a tough puzzle seems so obvious, when I leave and come back to it.This version is better than the two previous ones, in that it saves your progress on a level if you leave mid-level. It also is the only one that contains the daily puzzle option. The other two are woth playing through, if you can pick them up on sale. I got this one in a bundle with the first two, and I've more than got my money's worth playing through each game.  I highly recommend this to fans of logic puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,19383470,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Pirate34,Infinite mode is a nice balance of difficulty without being tear out your hair frustrating like later puzzles in Hexcells Plus were; I haven't actually gotten to the challenge puzzles yet because I've been enjoying infinite mode so much.As a general thing this is a much more enjoyable puzzle game than Sudoku or Minesweeper
,Recommended,304410,25723549,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,кнαנιιт,"Hexcells Infinite is the 3rd game of the Hexcells series and the best imo.There are 6 worlds, with increasing difficulty and an ""infinite"" mode.A really nice game for logic puzzle lovers and achievement hunters.And due to the infinite mode a  good casual game to relax."
,Recommended,304410,22486278,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,"Not only is it a great set of puzzles in line with the previous two titles, it also has a random generator if you get the itch."
,Recommended,304410,21498700,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zell,"As a perfectionist, I find short, challenging games to be the best fit for me.Hexcells Infinite takes the hexagonal challenge to a new level. I found myself spending anywhere from 20 minutes to an hour on some challenges, without getting bored or wanting to give up.The challenges here are never unfair, but give you great satisfaction when you finally figure out what you were doing wrong. The main focus here is you, your mind, and your way of thinking, helping you evolve your thought processes and think more outside the box as you progress.This game also comes with ""Infinite Mode"" which generates an unlimited amount of puzzles once you are done with the ""campaign"" levels. Once you finish those levels, the Infinite Mode puzzles are quite simple, and I find that I am challenging myself to finish the levels as quickly as possible with no mistakes, like Minesweeper.Till now, I'm still enjoying this game and open it up every so often to pass some time."
,Recommended,304410,24645987,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Emo_Girl_2006_xXx,"Did you enjoyed Hexcells? And Hexcells Plus? Then you'll enjoy Hexcells Infinite! More of the same, but this time with a really nice generator and 36 new levels with new mechanics.It's the perfect way to end the Hexcells series, and it's also perfect to end your addiction with Hexcells if you got one."
76561198026181605,Recommended,304410,33991699,Posted: 3 August,all,LuckyDog,"Hexcells Infinite is a fun and stimulating logic puzzle.Hexcells Infinite is the third in the Hexcells series for me, and has by far been the most entertaining one IMO, because of the replay value found in the 'infinite' puzzle generator. The puzzles are straightout logic problems that remind me a bit of minesweeper, but without any guesswork when you get down to the final space(s). After initially completing the game and achievements, I continue to enjoy coming back for the daily puzzles. I'm hooked!The tutorial gives a great start, but if you're like me, the depth of the clues actually takes some time to sink in. I see now that no guesswork is involved at all, as long as you interpret the clues correctly. The difficulty level is high enough on more advanced puzzles that you'll feel proud when you beat them, and humbled when they beat you xD. Cheers"
76561197989273094,Recommended,304410,30515332,Posted: 14 March,all,War,"The thrid in the Hexcells series, Hexcells Infinite is a refreshing addition to this line of minesweeper inspired puzzle packs. The original Hexcells was refreshing and fun whilst Hexcells Plus was, at times, exceedingly tedious with some of the puzzle designs. The tedium of Plus--as generally caused by a little too much ""mucking around"" with the blue cell counter mechanics on some puzzles, is not replicated in Hexcells Infinite. Hexcells Infinite, unlike it's predecessors does have some capacity for random puzzle generation. Although, thus far, the randomly generated puzzles are not as complex as many of the prefab puzzles in the ""story set""--for lack of a better term--they remain fun and the seed system does afford sufficient depth of puzzles able to be generated to afford extensive diversionary and casual replay value.The soundset remains relaxed and in sync with the previous titles and the controls remain identical as well.My greatest irritation remains with perfecting each puzzle--which is to say, the instant one makes a mistake, to erase that mistake one must start the entire puzzle from scratch. This is perfectly fine, in terms of design overall, but I have found myself, at times, forgetting which button tags a blue cell and which uncovers a yellow cell--resulting in stupid mistakes and thus having to redo an entire puzzle from scratch. An undo function, allowing for a single mistake to be back-tracked once per puzzle would remove the occassional misclick irritation of having to restart a puzzle you already know how to do but were ""clumsy"" in regards to inputs.Overall, this is an excellent program, surpassing it's two predecessors in replayability, and would be enjoyed by any fan of minesweeperesque puzzle games. Definately worth a buy--especially when the full series goes on a sale."
,Recommended,304410,17686809,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Proxykon,"The second addition to the original Hexcells game.AddendumIf you love Hexcells that much, that you can't stop playing it, then I have a solution for you and you are sitting right in front of it: Hexcells Infinite. Not only does this game add new puzzles for you to solve, it also adds a random generator for you to enter a random seed and get solving! Too much time on your hand? Don't worry, there are many, and I mean MANY, puzzles waiting to be solved by pure logic and process of elimination. Happy Solving for infinity and beyond!Here is my original Review for ""Hexcells"".#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorA compelling puzzlegame, as an obvious big brother of Minesweeper.ContentMany puzzles await your solving. Go through different levels of difficulty and solve all of the puzzles to get to 100%. Can you get every one with no mistakes?Hexcells (apparent from the name) adds new dimensions to the classical game of Minesweeper: More adjacent fields to one hexagon as well as border numbers, which indicate how many fields of the pattern are in a line/row/diagonale. Each boder number can indicate different things, everything is explained within the game. No need to rush things. You are now thinking outside of hexcells.Sound & MusicShallow but fitting background soundtracks and sounds. Nothing special, but that wasn't needed here. The soundtrack and soundeffects change every once and a while when you complete a puzzle.GraphicsDon't expect anything here. The game is primarily a puzzle game, so no high end graphics or effects. The design does its deeds and fulfills its task. Visuals are never irritating and do what they need to do.WeakpointsSometimes, portions of the soundtrack are a little too high-pitched in my opinion. This can get annoying, if you are not used to hearing the same sounds over and over again. They are adjustable ingame though, from soundeffects only to completely mute.Concluding ThoughtsGreat puzzlegame, compelling, challenging, tricky but fair. Nice soundtrack, nice sounds, simple gameplay yet sometimes mindwreckingly hard. Don't worry, if you are the enthusiastic puzzle type of gamer, you will get used to loving this game!"
,Recommended,304410,22090111,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Twinrehz,"I can easily recommend this game if you like brain puzzles. The 36 main puzzles of the game are well made and very challenging, although some of the time you'll just be looking for that one piece of information you missed to progress forward. A lot of the puzzles are huge, and it takes some time to find that one tile you need to swap.The second part of the game doesn't shine as bright, though; the infinite levels. You input or generate a random string of numbers, and a puzzle is made from that. When you've passed through the crafted levels, you'll likely find these generated levels simplistic and more of a timesink than an actual challenge. It's mostly repetition from what you've learned from the designer's levels, and while there may be some golden nuggets among these numbers, there's an 8-digit string to generate levels from, which is where the ""infinite"" part comes from. This of course doesn't mean they're bad, they're just not as good as the designed ones.All in all, I can say that if you like brain training games that challenge your logical side, this one's worth it, and the infinite levels serve nicely as a filler for when you've got nothing better to do."
76561198377297844,Recommended,304410,35205449,Posted: 25 September,all,Aegithalos,"Relaxing and soothing. Pure logic. When I headache, I open this game."
,Recommended,304410,29195906,Posted: 11 January,all,Bitbutton,"Hands down one of my favourite logic puzzle games of all time. I really enjoyed both of the previous games in the series, but I keep coming back to Infinite again and again. The game starts with quite simple puzzles, ending with very challenging, very fun ones. You can absolutely solve all the puzzles in this game without guessing. The randomly generated puzzles are a fun feature, but most of them are not very challenging. There is support for user-made ones, though, adding more content and replayability to the game. Sound design and visuals are excellent, just like in the previous games."
,Recommended,304410,18267548,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Aro,"My thoughts onHexcells Infiniteare essentailly the same as my thoughts on the original game andHexcells Plus, so readmy review forHexcellsto understand my stance on the gameplay and style.Hexcells Infiniteis more or less a standalone expansion pack for the originalHexcells, but definitely more difficult and challenging. There are a few new obstacles and hints in the puzzles that have been introduced since the original game too, which can make problem solving a little more thought-prevoking.Hexcells Infinitebrings an ""Infinite mode"" to the table, which is basically a random puzzle generator. This is a really nice addition that gives this game endless replayability, so you'll always have a reason to go back to this version if you're in the mood for it.If you enjoyed your time withHexcellsandHexcells Plus, you will definitely enjoy your time with this too. There isn't much else to say here, this is definitely another one to pick up for puzzle fans of all ages."
,Recommended,304410,12064765,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Soüp,"More Hexcells is always welcome, and Hexcells Infinite delivers.  It includes more puzzles with Hexcells Plus-like difficulty, albeit with an extended tutorial section for new players.  There are no new puzzle mechanics, just a procedural puzzle generator capable of producing millions of potential puzzles.  This puzzle generator turned out rather disappointing, unfortunately.  Most of the puzzles it generates are very similar and can be blazed through very quickly due to lots of obvious clues.  None of them come anywhere close to the difficulty of the hand-made puzzles.  That is a general problem with procedurally-generated content though.  It's extremely difficult to make it as good as hand-made content.Despite the disappointing puzzle generator, the game is just as fun as previous Hexcells and I highly recommend it to puzzle game fans."
,Recommended,304410,11985302,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Scampie!!,"Like Minesweeper, a nice puzzle game. The designed stages introduce the mechanics well, and the random levels are fun."
,Recommended,304410,11964943,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MaNgEkYo [OST],Awesome logical puzzle game that is similar to sudoku or minesweeper.
,Recommended,304410,11969977,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Contentiously,"Finishing all the campaign puzzles without cheating and wihout making any mistakes is my greatest achievement on my ""Personal List of Achievements That Absolutely Nobody Else Cares About.""I am incredibly sad that this brilliant developer has no plans to hand-craft any more puzzles.  At least I have the infinite puzzles, I suppose.This is well worth $5 and I would gladly spend double that for this last version.  If you don't own the first two, those are a bargain at $9 for all three."
,Recommended,304410,20391673,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,jpsf91,"Note: This review is for both Hexcells, Hexcells Plus and Hexcells Infinite, because they're basically a single game divided in three parts.The Hexcell games are a series of brilliant crafted puzzles that at first glance may seem like a six-sided minesweeper, but the logic used to solve them is closer to sudoku. As you progress through the levels, you are also introduced to some new mechanics accompained by a tutorial level to make sure that you understand them. Because the puzzles are carefully and wonderfully designed, you never have to guess your next move, but finding it gets hard in the later puzzles. The interface is clean and the sound effects are cool. Hexcells is easy, Hexcells Plus gets harder in the second half and Hexcells Infinite steps back a little at the beginning, but in the end offers the most challenging puzzles. It also comes with a seed-based puzzle generator, adding 999,999,999 additional puzzles (even if they aren't hand crafted, they're still good). My recommendation is that you get and play all three games in order, but if you can only pick one, pick Hexcells Infinite, it's main levels difficulty is nicely spread not to mention the puzzle generator."
,Recommended,304410,12234425,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(9/10) - Near PerfectionI had my hopes up a few months ago when i learned, that the third installment of hexcells will have infinite levels.I wish i could tell you that they were completly satisfied, but sadly i can´t.Don´t get me wrong: the puzzles are still fun and you really never have to guess. It´s funny seeing this game accomplish something with way more difficult rules that microsoft coudln´t (looking at minesweeper right now).But still, they are sadly too easy. They all feel the same and after a little while, i just got bored.No comparison to what this game still does perfectly: The actual game.The levels created by Mr. Brown are once again extremly well executed and with them, i would recommend this game to anyone enjoying thinking a lot and from time to time putting some numbers into the puzzle.Even with the ""disapointment"" of the level generator, this is still one of the best puzzle games on steam."
,Recommended,304410,19341093,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,alialliallie,"Was recommended and not disappointed. I got the full set Hexcells / Plus / Infinite and this is by far the best value, just because it has the randomly generated puzzles. The generated puzzles aren't near as clever as the hand crafted ones, but the daily puzzle makes it fun. I try to do each puzzle a day, and very casually compete with my BFF."
,Recommended,304410,21153571,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,srpilha,"Brilliant ""end"" to the Hexcells series - and those quotes are there because you'll never end playing the randomly generated puzzles here.You should definitely start with Hexcells, move up to Plus and then here to Infinite. The difficulty ramp does get steeper within each game, but it's nice and smooth across all three. Hey, sometimes they get discounted in a package deal - you should jump on that if you see it.The 36 main puzzles are excellent and a pleasure to solve. The randomly generated ones are clearly a notch below, but still very much enjoyable. The ability to exit mid-puzzle and keep your progress saved is probably the only thing this series was missing, and it's here now.Indispensable for puzzle lovers."
,Recommended,304410,20403826,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jabba the Fat,"As a player who decides what games to buy based on the reviews of the certain game, it's my duty to write a complete review about any game i finish, so here is my review:HEXCELLS INFINITE:The third and final (so far) game of the ""Hexcells"" trilogy. It is simillar to the previous two, but this time there is an almost infinite number of puzzles, all difficult, so that the fun never ends.Before i procceed with the PROS and CONS i would like to remind anyone who is reading this that these are my personal preferences and may differ by any individual who plays the game.PROS:+Infinite fun with the 1 million puzzles this game has.CONS:-Nothing, it is a flawless game10/10 one of my favourite puzzle games"
,Recommended,304410,27848057,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gqsupersport,Never get sick of this game. The only game in my library I've never hidden.
76561197990407204,Recommended,304410,27735735,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sir_derlin,"This is an excellent pure logic puzzle game.  Puzzles tend to teach you most necessary game mechanics as they increase in difficulty.  New to this game is the ability to save the state of the puzzle, so you can leave the game and come back to it.  Also excellent are the built in puzzle maker for an endless supply of new puzzles (although not as great as the built in puzzles), and the ability to load puzzles made by others, and there are a large number of high quality available on Reddit."
76561198189992190,Recommended,304410,19956659,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Robby,"A brilliant puzzle game, one that Ive spent quite a few hours on   Start with Hexcells, then go to Hecxells Plus, before starting on this one.  You get to better appreciate the growing skill required for the puzzles and their complexity.  (DOn't be fooled by the overall time I have on this game, I've clocked in more on the other predecesors.)Even better, Infinite has 10,000,000 generated puzzles.  WHile none of them are as good as the hand-crafted puzzles, they do manage to scratch the itch after you've finished off all the main puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,21558489,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Bodhsativa,"Hexcells is a puzzle game in which you can use hard logic and intuition to solve the puzzles. If all the numbers put you off, t is less mathematical it appears, focusing more on deciphering patterns. The relaxing sounds are a nice contrast to how hard your brain will work. I thoroughly enjoyed all three and highly recommend them.The ""Infinite"" part of this iteration is a game mode which generates levels randomly. None of the random ones I played equalled the hand-craftyed levels, but they were fun nonetheless. They're a little bit like hexcells light."
,Recommended,304410,26306127,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,eat111112,"How to play Hexcells? It's easy.All you need is to sit in a comfortable chair and start doing simple math. Counting, counting and counting.Hexcells Infinite is the third and probably the last Hexcells game.The only but huge difference here is that Hexcells Infinite has a puzzle generator which gives you countless puzzles to play.This game is basically an alternative to Minesweeper. Changing the shape of hidden block from Square to Hexagon doesn't make this game any special. Both games give you very similar gameplay experience.However, Hexcells makes the game a lot easier by giving you a lot of hints. I didn't have any difficulty to finish this game very quick. So, I have to say that the game is not that challenging comparing with Minesweeper.But still is a decent game and deserve your attention."
,Recommended,304410,12093804,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,oats,"If you're like me and enjoy hour-long sudokus, you'll love this game. Hexcells stands up among my favorite puzzles. Its difficult, yet stimulating by introducing a diverse set of puzzle constraints. Its well worth the price, even if there is only a limited amount of hand-crafted puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,13214102,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Apple,"Warning: Beat at least one game of minesweeper on expert before trying this game.This is minesweeper in a hex-based grid. It's a fascinating puzzle game, and if you're like me and play minesweeper for fun, then you will like this. Likewise, if you like this game, then minesweeper will be much easier for you.This is seriously a good puzzle game. Sometimes you will have to guess (but not really because there is never a point where you have to guess) and it's really good fun. There's an infinite mode wherein a custom puzzle is generated daily, but you can also put in your own seed."
,Recommended,304410,30908271,Posted: 2 April,all,Robert Mends,"Hexcells is a cute little puzzle series that I like to call a ""Minesweeper on steroids"".I find this game perfect for the half an hour playtime before bed or when you are to tired to play or do something else just to relieve stress or just kill some time.All three games present you with a man-made campaign of levels, but Hexcells Infinite allows you to generate a *nearly* infinite amount of puzzles for potantially hundreds of thousands of playtime."
,Recommended,304410,24328079,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"A combination of Minesweeper and Picross should have been an unholy mess, but instead it's great. You probably want to just buy the collection and play the other ones first, or you might stumble on Infinite's steep-ish difficulty curve."
,Recommended,304410,30627673,Posted: 19 March,all,Sasha,"Best game from the series - you just want to play over and over thanks to great ambient music and generated levels that are not too hard and not too easy, contrary to the main ""campaign"".If you want to buy only one Hexcells game, definitely buy this - it can be played, just as the name states, infinitely. It's so pleasant that I decided to not cheese last achievement, despite the possibility to do it."
,Recommended,304410,12470050,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,This is a super fantastic game that I really cannot recommend enough. Straight 10/10 for the money/value angle. And yeah yeah yeah its minesweeper meats suduko or whatever. But its really fun. And the menus and aesthetics are all great too. Music is really fit for this game.For five bucks? What are you waiting for?
,Recommended,304410,12513716,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Perfect Imperfection,"Absurdly addictive game - I love the Hexcells series. They fixed one of my major gripes from previous iterations with this one in that when you exit a puzzle, it saves your progress so that you can continue at a later date. My only two issues remaining are as follows: 1) you cannot see, on the main map screen, which levels you have perfected (no mistakes), which is irritating if you are going for the perfect score; 2) you have to be 100% sure of every tile if you are going for the perfectionist badge as there is no 'undo' option, so one mistake on a massive grid means beginning all over again.That said, I'm a perfectionist, and I get mad with myself when I make mistakes! If you haven't played these games, check them all out. Infinite introduces the 'infinite' puzzle mode, which relies on seed-based generation to present you with one of one million puzzles to work on, so it will keep you going for a while! That said, many of the generated levels (having completed over 60 at this point) are the same map with different layouts of blues and greys - unsurprising, but I seem to get one map in particular quite a lot.Highly recommended for puzzle fans. I came onto this from a Picross background, and I think I like this even more!"
,Recommended,304410,12598047,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,slimepuddle,"Do you like Minesweeper, but think it relies too much on guessing? Give this a shot. I've never found a puzzle I couldn't piece apart with only the clues I was given.Great handcrafted puzzles, really relaxing soundtrack, and a puzzle generator that keeps me coming back for more."
76561198052910935,Recommended,304410,21345961,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Traktoro,Like a more advanced Minesweeper but relies purely on logic without the guessing. Great way to pass time.
,Recommended,304410,28784734,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RayHalen,"One of the games I keep coming back to in my free time. I like a good puzzle with simple rules. I've played both of the previous titles in this series, which I really enjoyed. This particular game takes it up a notch and has definitely provided more or a challenge. The random puzzle generator provides an almost limitless number of games to enjoy, although the depth and complexity aren't quite as deep or difficult compared to the pre-generated puzzles. Still a good game to come back to when you're just watching something on the side and need something to click or to keep your brain going."
,Recommended,304410,14839246,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,SpeedyReedyTV,"Although slightly easier than it's predecessor, Infinite is a great installment in the series. Two wonderful additions really stand out; randomly generated boards to play through and the ability to save progress when quitting. The generated boards tend to be slightly easier, but that is very welcome when you find yourself stuck on a tough level!"
,Recommended,304410,13710808,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,F12,"An absolute joy to play, even when you've ""completed"" it."
,Recommended,304410,13988217,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,purophet,"Minesweeper meets picross, with minesweeper's pick up and play replay value through randomized puzzles, and picross's criss-crossing clues that ensure you're always provided enough information to complete the puzzle without mistakes or guessing. It's also got a nice feature that lets you extend guides to indicate which cells are covered by which clues, and to grey out clues you're done with.That description should be enough to instantly decide whether you'd enjoy this game or not. A simple, chill timekiller."
,Recommended,304410,14349778,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gunstable,"This is a must-buy game for fans of logic puzzles. It is similar in concept to Minesweeper, but is played on a hex grid. Gameplay consists of deducing which hexes are empty and which should be marked blue (""mines""). The similarity to Minesweeper ends there, and Hexcells improves on the experience in a couple of very important ways.First, the levels in Hexcells are hand-crafted, not the randomized grid of Minesweeper. And the level design is flat-out brilliant. You're led through a series of challenges of gradually increasing complexity, at each point figuring out new ways to combine the information you have and make forward progress. In all, the main levels constitute perhaps 6 to 10 hours of gameplay.This version of the game (Hexcells Infinite) also includes an infinite mode with computer-generated levels. These aren't quite as aesthetically pleasing as the hand-made levels, but they are still very enjoyable. With infinite mode the game has infinite replayability.The second thing that makes this game so fun is that all of the puzzles -- including the computer-generated ones in infinite mode -- can be solved using pure logical deduction. No guessing is needed, ever! (One could solve levels using trial and error, but that really isn't in the spirit of the game.) The sense of satisfaction here comes from figuring out the logical deductions, the ""aha!"" moments, that allow you to advance. The levels are brilliantly designed to give you just enough information -- if you're clever enough to piece it together.Buy all three of the Hexcells games. Each has different puzzles and all are equally rewarding."
,Recommended,304410,14764175,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Zack,"This is the third and definitive entry into the Hexcells series. This game remedies the primary problem with the first two games in that it has a random level generator. Now, unlike the first two games, you have a good degree of replayability when you've finished the main progression. Difficulty in this game is, as far as I remember, at least as hard as Hexcells Plus, so it will be quite a challenge, especially if you attempt to perfect all of the levels. This is the best Hexcells game, so if you just want to buy one, this is the one."
,Recommended,304410,14236959,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,e2thevan,The random puzzle generator mode gives this game infinite replay value.It's ♥♥♥♥in' sweet.6/6
76561198081371819,Recommended,304410,13563932,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lycurgess,Super simple and Fun!  plus it has a random board generator so you can play it forever.
,Recommended,304410,20066418,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,spectre51,"Logic puzzle game, similar to minesweeper but without the need to guess any moves and latest entry into the Hexcells series.Hexcells Infiniteadds several improvements to the series the biggest of which is the puzzle generator giving you access to 1 billion generated puzzles alongside the usual 36 main puzzles. Difficulty wise I found it overall a easier then Plus but there were a few puzzles in it that were on par with the harder ones inPlus.Again like the other entries into the series every puzzle is fully solvable buy logic alone and again it is forgiving with no punishment for guessing or making mistakes.The one main negative from the previous games was not mid puzzle saves, which thankfully are in Hexcells Infinite allowing you to leave and return to puzzles without having to start over.One thing I did notice is that the generated puzzles lack a certain polish and feel that the hand-made puzzles had, they do lack a certain air of quality in comparison.Hexcells Infiniteis worth its price for puzzle fans, it has any easier curve thenPlusso it would be a good entry to new comers if they only wanted to get one of the games, it is the best one.The complete collectionitself is easily worth its price aswell, providing 102 hand-crafted puzzles over the 3 games and 1 billion generated puzzles from Infinite itself.I had no technical issues with Hexcells Infinite."
,Recommended,304410,25203510,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LeLennart,"As you can see, i'm really into this game. In my opinion, it's a perfected Minesweeper and one of the best puzzle games out there."
76561198116259936,Recommended,304410,26832855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DpOblivion,"The culmination of an outstanding puzzle trilogy including Hexcells and Hexcells Plus. The Minesweeper-like puzzles are excellent. Soundtrack gives a good, calming ambiance. When you've beaten the game and want more, there is a practically infinite amount of added puzzles to continue to play and get your fix. The added puzzles aren't nearly as challenging, but are every bit as addicting. I keep finding myself coming back for more."
76561198128485555,Recommended,304410,29452308,Posted: 23 January,all,TheShadedMaster,"With an overwhelmingly large amount of time in this game, and 720 of the random levels completed as of this review, I can assure that this game is one of the best ending games to a series of games. There isn't a single level you can't complete with guessing as you'll always have one move you can logically make, though it can be obscure. As always, even the 36 ""story"" levels prove to have an equal difficulty curve, albeit steeper than the previous two games. For anyone who wants a well-made puzzle game that can also prove calming, I suggest this one as well as the previous two. Though, this game allows you to change the controls, so superior game goes to Infinite."
,Recommended,304410,13342158,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sigod,I see hexagons everytime I close my eyes.10/10
,Recommended,304410,21015039,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lando,Easily the best out of the bunch. 6-5 will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and is easily the hardest puzzle out of the three. This version has a restart button which is a huge plus that the other two did not have. Would reccomend this one out of the three.
,Recommended,304410,13300978,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Shioame,"--Revised Review--So, after getting some other replies commenting that I wasn't giving fair review to the game, I've decided to give  another shot before revising the review. I brewed some coffee, have some nice cookies on plate. Clicked the game, headphones on, play time.Things that I noticed, is that this game is incredibly logical. Horsemedic (guy who commented) was right, this game is entirely made out of logic, to the point of ridiculousness.One of the rule, ""-#- means that blue numbers of panels are NOT connected"", sounds quite simple, but when you think about it, this phrase DID NOT say ""ALL blue panels are NOT connected"". Which means, there is at least one panel that isn't next to each other, but has no guarantee in -3- as this can have 3 blue panels that are not connected, or have pair that is next each to other and have one separated. While this only make the game confusing, it still is, following the rule of the game.Further that I played, I noticed that this ""hole"" of the rule isn't conflicting the game at all. If you get stuck, you can look for other clues. Eventually you'll hit the spot you were stuck on, but with more clues to help out.I've already said in the last review but the graphic and music are top notch. I like the color use of this game, it's gentle and comfortable to see it for long time. Music is very relaxing, good soothing sound.I guess, the only complain that I can make at this point is that I wish there were spread sheet of set of rules instead of explaining it beliefly and let you try it out during the gameplay. (which helps too but isn't very clear sometime) As understanding the set of rules become the most crucial part of this game I think developer could have spent a little more time for it. Maybe, on the first Hexcell, it might have been more user friendly. I haven't tried it yet.As a last note, this is NOT a minesweeper. Who ever said it is, did not think enough through like me. The format is very close to it, I agree, but the minesweeper somtime takes you to a gamble while Hexcell can make ""educated guess"" to clear without making single mistake.So let me say it again- this game, is NOT a minesweeper. It is more like a Sudoku. Don't expect be like one; this game has no timer, nor any score system for it. Take your time. Grab coffee or tea. Rewind your brain and take the challenge.I recommend this game."
76561198014546506,Recommended,304410,18319928,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Joachim von Cockensocket,"Calming and infuriating at the same time. Every time I see a question mark pop up, I can't help but think 'Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ you too'."
76561198087738131,Recommended,304410,13768016,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rothana,"At the Time of WritingGame:Hexcells InfinitePrice:$5.49*Genre:PuzzleTime Played:20 hoursPersonal Enjoyment Rating:☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ (out of 5)GeneralFirst of all, I would strongly recommend buying the bundle of Hexcells games if you don't already own any of the previous two.I've had a slightly rocky road towards enjoying the Hexcells series because I've always felt they were too easy and too short. Hexcells Infinite addresses both of those issues, though with varying success. It has to be said that the concept behind Hexcells is fantastic, and my issues with the games truly stem from wanting more, more, more!As I said in my Hexcells Plus review, you'll get the most enjoyment out of the game if you  are disciplined and refuse to let yourself make a blind guess. Every puzzle is solvable without making a guess, even when you're absolutely convinced that there is no other option but to guess. You'll find (if you post on the forums) that you've inevitably missed some subtle piece of logic which will get you past the hurdle.Too EasyThis issue was addressed in two ways - later puzzles are harder, and community made puzzles - although I don’t find my appetite for these puzzles sated yet. The later puzzles got quite difficult and took me a significant amount of time to solve, which I enjoyed and appreciated. The community made puzzles are a good way of getting some tricky puzzles to do. Lastly, I have to say that I was disappointed to find that the first few worlds were once again a too easy tutorial, and I wish that the tutorial levels had been put into a separate section of the game so that we could have had 6 full worlds of puzzles to exercise “the little grey cells” to quote Poirot.Too ShortAgain, this second issue was addressed in two ways - infinite mode, and community made puzzles. Infinite mode generates random puzzles for the user to complete and it certainly satisfies the issue of there not being enough puzzles. However, whilst it delivers quantity, it fails at quality. By quality I mean difficulty, because the randomly generate puzzles are far from difficult. It seems like a great idea with potential, but it could definitely do with some difficulty settings so that you can request hard random puzzles. The community made puzzles offer some harder choices to do, but it will take time for the selection to be built up.Community PuzzlesI know this is getting a bit long, but this is an interesting new part of this particular Hexcells game. I will point you to the post that explains it and strongly suggest that you watch the two videos there because they do all the explaining (I originally didn’t bother to watch them and was confused for it). It is very easy to play custom puzzles, you simply copy the puzzle to the clipboard, open Hexcells, and click the option in the bottom right to play a custom puzzle. Making your own puzzles is something I haven’t yet explored. One note is that I’ve learned to mostly avoid any that have custom rules because the logic sometimes seems a bit sketchy leaving you to guess.Community Puzzle Links**Hexcells Infinite Announcement - Custom Level SupportHexcells Inifinite > General Discussions > Topic Details > “Level Editor: Create and Play Custom Levels!”Hexcells Infinite community shared levels on RedditGameplayThe concept of this game is wonderful. It adds a few levels of complication than Minesweeper and the solutions are all attainable through pure logic. No guesses are required, if they are sometimes tempting to do, so get in touch with your inner vulcan mind.Some of those complications I mentioned include:cells are hexagonshint numbers are quite varied, and form a set of logical rulesin cellsat the top of columns/rowssignify that ""mines"" are adjacentsignify that ""mines"" can not be adjacenta larger hex area has a certain number of ""mines""ControlsVery simple - right click and left click. Plus, now featuring a button in-game to flip the button functions! Rejoice! This can also still be changed about in the options dialogue that pops up when opening the game.Although, by this time I've become entirely accustomed to them and didn't make too many stupid mistakes by hitting the wrong button.StorylineNo storyline, doesn't need one.SoundRelaxing gentle zen echoey noises. Also, when you click a cell you get nice tinkling chime-like noises. I don't know why that makes it more satisfying to click on cells, but it does! It's fun to go back to the really easy puzzles and click through like mad to get a cascade of tinkling noises.GraphicsVery crisp, clean, and clear. The numbers are reasonably large. Some puzzles form an interesting overall image or pattern, and overall, the puzzles come across as well designed. There is also an option in-game to make blue cells with numbers have a different outline effect.Pros+crisp clean graphics whose job is to be functional+simple controls to grasp+more interesting concept than random old Minesweeper+improvements over the first two games+community made puzzles create more varietyCons-still lacking inreallytough puzzles-the random puzzles are too easyHelp Me Help YouIf you did not find this review helpful,I would really appreciate your constructive criticism - tell me why it wasn’t helpful for you. It’s my hope to make the reviews that I do take the time to write up, as helpful as they possibly can be.Rothana's Steam Review ArchiveFor those that are interested in seeing more of my reviews, I have set up an archive of them at an external website. I don't earn anything off of this at all, it's just a little side project that I add to when I can. Steam won't let me create a direct link though, so you'll need to make your own way to the URL I describe now:rothana dot weebly dot comFootnotes*The prices I give are in CDN because that's what I see. This is also the full price.**Hopefully these links won’t break. I won’t be checking back all the time, so if they do break, I used fairly descriptive text so that you have something decent to use to search for the information yourself.Edit Log01/01/15 original post formatting18/02/2015 added ""rothana's archive” section"
,Recommended,304410,20552280,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Hexcells, Plus and Infinite. Cheesing in the Cells.Genre: Minimalist Casual Atmospheric Number PuzzlersDeveloped & Published by: Matthew BrownPlatform: Windows, Mac and LinuxBusiness Model: Base GameCopy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged review about the entire Hexcells Series on A Paladin Without A CrusadeOverall Gameplay ThoughtsHexcells is a minimalist puzzle game that I like to think of as a combination of Minesweeper and Sudoku. A comparison that has probably been made elsewhere. Every level is basically the same. You’re presented with a variable number of cells with a number in the top right corner telling you how many blue cells there are in the puzzle. The challenge is figuring out which cells are blue and which are numbers. If you guess incorrectly, it’s counted as a mistake that will affect how many points you get at the end of a level. The numbers on or adjacent to cells are telling you how many blue cells are connected to them. It’s up to the player to figure out the pattern by examining the numbers. In general terms, if there are two unknown cells connected to a cell that has the number “2” on it, they’re both blue cells. There are several different mechanics used to confuse the player and make them logic out the solution. Upon completing a level, you’ll be rewarded with points that are used to unlock additional groups of levels. As such, this does requires you to complete most of the puzzles with a minimal amount of mistakes in order to progress forward.Hexcells: Infinite FeaturesHexcells Infinite is the fully fleshed out title. It has Steam cloud, the most challenging puzzles (36 new ones) and a random puzzle generator. It also has the ability to change the mouse buttons. The random number generator has the same pluses and minuses as most randomly generated systems do. It’s a lot of content but the quality of those puzzles will be all over the place compared the developer’s handcrafted ones. Still, there’s a neat level here and there. Additionally, the player is able to save their place in the puzzle and quit the game if they need to. The other two games do not.My Main Issue With HexcellsHere’s the problem I have with the entire Hexcells series. It’s a pretty good puzzle experience, if you play it how it’s intended to be played. However, I feel that they have a problematic design flaw: all of the puzzles can be cheesily completed. If you’re stuck at a certain sequence, you can just click through the rest of the puzzle making as many mistakes as you like. (I had some puzzles at 50-60 mistakes). What about the points you would get from a near perfect completion? Well, once you nearly finish the puzzle, take a screenshot and then instantly replay the level with your own personal guide. It’s possible to win all three games this way without much effort on your part.PC Settings & Audio/VideoIt’s a minimalist game so there really aren’t many settings to change. Since its running on the Unity engine, the Unity launcher menu pops up when you start the game every time. It allows you to change resolutions and turn fullscreen on/off. The graphics quality is set to beautiful and can’t be changed. However, I was able to play this on a basic, five year old laptop running Linux Mint and there was absolutely no trouble running it. Alternative keys can be changed here as well. Hexcells Infinite was the only game of the three that allows you to swap the left and right mouse button functions.Final ThoughtsOverall, I think the Hexcells series is a decently executed puzzle idea with plenty of content. I take issue with the lack of anti-cheat but it's not enough to make it an anti-recommendation. (Thanks to a friend for making a case to change my mind on this). It’s a fun logic number puzzle series. And I did play the three games how it was intended too, with a few exceptions. I had quite a bit of fun deducing the my way through the levels and had several “aha!” moments despite it’s more casual nature. Additionally, it maintains a mellow and atmospheric experience that I can appreciate. While there is the less honorable part of myself thinking “you can just easily ‘cheat’ this game and not spend hours on it”, that doesn't disqualify it from being a decent puzzle game. So, if you can avoid cheating yourself, get the Hexcells series. But if you can’t restrain yourself from looking up help on even the slightest bit of challenge, I probably wouldn't get it. Otherwise, that's my thoughts on this series.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,304410,16546746,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,D,"This game was recommended some time ago by a streamer who named dropped a dev he knew working on this. I started at the beginning, aced that, went on to the next one (Plus), didn't ace it, but moved on again to this... Now it's my daily ritual. The core game is the best it's ever been, with a gradual difficulty curve. The difficulty can get to the point where you'll say, ""This level is broken."" even though it's not, it's just You. Then, suddenly, you'll speedrun up until the part that stumps you; get every achievement, speedrun your ""Use today's date"" in Infinite Mode, and you'll find yourself with a new daily ritual like me. I can't recommend this unique puzzle game enough."
,Recommended,304410,17413664,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Pahsunaal,"I would recommend this game, however, unlike the first game in some of the levels you do have to guess there is no way you would no for certain which makes the game mechanics a bit pointless. Especially in later levels when one mistake costs you hexagons"
76561198052665124,Recommended,304410,25851746,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Stromne,"Finished just over 1,000 puzzles in infinite mode.  Great, relaxing little puzzle mode.  If you're looking for a nice puzzle game to relax with at the end of the day, this will fill that niche."
,Recommended,304410,33685590,Posted: 20 July,all,Candeles,"The soundtrack is great, the graphics are lovely. This is my first Hexcells game and it is a great buy. It starts out seeming a lot like minesweeper but ends up being way more. The addition of mechanics along with the hexagonal format makes for a challenging but enjoyable puzzle game."
,Recommended,304410,33655576,Posted: 19 July,all,Solamandar,"First time giving a shot for an English review.K, if you are looking for a good puzzle game. Dah, right place for ya.Hexcell series is very (not) brain-friendly, and I absolutely love it.The ""Infinite"" mode, as I saw in some other reviews, appears to be repeative. And it is.Here is a quick answer for those who are bothered by this problem.These ""random"" stages, as you can see on the generating page, are generated from a certain seed.If you don't understand what this seed stands for, don't bother. Just FYI, a certain seed can only generate one certain pattern of Hexcell puzzle. This explains why you sometimes see repeated puzzles. Well, I guess the one you see most times is the one generated by those zeroes, lol.Anyway, I am not able to explain the algorithm how a Hexcell puzzle is generated from a seed. But you still have 10^8, which is eight hundred million, puzzles to enjoy in total (they may not be as challenging tho). So I believe it is worth having this interesting game collected in your library."
,Recommended,304410,12756097,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Alex3,Awesome minesweeper-esque game.
,Recommended,304410,17696253,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sharpeye468,Infinite advanced minesweeper? Sign me up! 1 billion levels determined by random seeds so that if you want to play the game for longer you can! 10/10!
,Recommended,304410,21370805,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Holocene - Moving House,"Hexcells Infinite, like the other hexcell games, still follows the same gameplay. Basically a mix of minesweeper and sudoku. The game has nice background music like the others and this particular game has an added feature where you can play custom puzzles.However, where this game fails for me is it’s made the same mistake as hexcells plus. While the original hexcells had a nice difficulty curve, this one's all over the place. I actually enjoyed playing the first hour and I thought they'd redeemed themselves from hexcells plus. I was getting stuck, but still progressing which makes the game fun. But the levels difficulties are all over the place. For example one level introduced a new concept and gave you an incredibly easy puzzle to make sure you understand it. Then just the level after it throws you into this massive puzzle with numbers all over the place and I'm just sitting there thinking, I can't be bothered with this. It becomes more of a grind and loses its fun. I think it would have been nice for the dev to add a mid-level save so you can come back later; some of these levels are massive and will take a long time.I'm also very disappointed that they added a ? cell. It's so cheap because it forces you to solve the puzzle in only one possible way. It can also be so disheartening; you might spend a solid 5 minutes to find a cell you can make progress on only to uncover it as a ? so you can no longer progress any further down that route.However, do I think this game is worth buying? Yes! Solely because you can play custom levels. It offers more than the other hexcells games. So, although there are some things wrong with this game I can still say it's worth buying."
76561198024985610,Recommended,304410,32207416,Posted: 5 June,all,Ryuuga Hideki,"This game is a perfect stress reliever for me. The music is blissfully serene, and the puzzles are both enjoyable and almost entirely logical with very few blind guesses involved.Gameplay wise it's largely Minesweeper based infused with a dash of Picross-style logic. It may seem a little daunting at first but the rules are explained very well and it quickly becomes second nature.If you like logic puzzles then you can't go wrong with this game, especially for the price. While there aren't technically an infinite number of puzzles (and the generated puzzles will occasionally feel same-y due to using the same logic patterns) there are more puzzles here than you could possibly play in a lifetime."
,Recommended,304410,13233535,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Babies#11425,"This series is criminally overlooked.If you enjoy games like sudoku, you will find logical puzzles here that work your brain for hours. While a naive comparison, the game plays similarly to a very advanced Minesweeper. By the second act, though, you'll have discovered the futility of that comparison; this game is on an entirely different level and has an elegance in the solutions that random Minesweeper puzzles cannot ever hope to achieve.A couple of the puzzles stumped me for more than 90 minutes, and my roommate rapidly grew tired of me talking the solution out loud as I moved my mouse around. There's a brilliant simplicity to the gameplay and yet, while playing, one must keep a large amount of logic in their head. It's easy to get overwhelmed by logic in one area of the puzzle while overlooking the simple move forward in another area, and the feeling is intense when you slap your forehead in stupidity on discovering it.The soundtrack is quite relaxing, and even after working on the same puzzle for an hour it did not grow tiresome. It's really fun when you get on a ""roll"" of solving the puzzle, too, because you generate little ditties as a reward.The only negative of Infinite compared to the rest of the series is the randomly-generated puzzles. The developer added these so that he could put a bow on the series and call it done and, while they do indeed fill a gap, you can tell they're a far different experience than the handmade puzzles (don't worry, Infinite has the same number of handmade puzzles as the previous two). Sudoku has this issue, too, and it's just the nature of puzzle generation algorithms. Still, if you're dying for a new puzzle, they might hold you over, otherwise I'd just play them for the achievement.At any rate, I've found if I step away from a puzzle or play others, I forget a solution, so you could probably revisit the entire series in a few weeks' time and have a whole new game.The entire Hexcells series contains puzzles that are among the greatest I've ever solved. I highly recommend the entire collection, and also very strongly recommend that you start with Hexcells. It is easier than the other two, this one included, by far. Definitely, though, work up to this one. Absolutely worth your purchase.For perspective, I am not the greatest logician, and I invested about 13 hours solving this campaign -- for 13 hours of gameplay, this game is a steal."
,Recommended,304410,11969238,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,netWilk,"Wonderful puzzle game, a sort of a cross between Minesweeper and Sudoku.  Some devious puzzles that will really melt your brain. :)"
76561198149598586,Recommended,304410,25466515,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bean,"Minesweeper on steroids. I like it.One thing that really bugged me though... when you mouse over a hex the animation reveals what is underneath. I completed half of a problem without a fault by doing this. I won't go on playing my games like this, but it just sucks when you don't want to know what a hex is a mousing over it reveals it. That immediately spoils the game."
76561198038680819,Recommended,304410,14787982,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SkepticRaven,Minesweeper + Sudoku.Relaxing puzzle solving to give the brain some excercise.
,Recommended,304410,31100040,Posted: 12 April,all,Confanity,"If you like spatial/logical reasoning puzzles, then Hexcells will scratch that itch for you so damn well. I can't decide what's more impressive about this, the third offering in the series: that they managed to make a smooth and fair learning curve leading up to some of the most mind-bending ""casual"" puzzles you'll see in your life, or that they managed to make a procedural generator that gives you a vast (not truly ""infinite,"" but close enough!) number of further puzzles that are still generally satisfying to solve. I recommend picking up the entire pack."
76561197985109343,Recommended,304410,22729593,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Saodhar,"I'm absolutely in love with this game. It's clever, logical and beautiful. It takes the Minesweeper's basic idea and expands it to the next level. And never a situation appears where you have to guess - calculation always prevails."
,Recommended,304410,22788337,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Hem,"Third opus of the game. You liked the first two? Buy this one too, it is sooo much harder. Really great.For those who don't know the game, you should try the first one and see if you enjoy it. It is puzzle game, based on Minesweep by Microsoft, if you remember? Well it's that but much, much better, with new rules and gameplay features, very smart. Finding the solution and try to reach for a perfect game is much entertainment! I do recommend."
76561198065193842,Recommended,304410,27454916,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ArwenPlays,A great game of logic!
,Recommended,304410,11973388,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Killian,It's like Picross and Minesweeper had a baby and I love it
,Recommended,304410,19474014,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,"This game in my opinion is the hardest one of the trilogy, however I enjoyed it the most. You have to solve 96 puzzles to get 100% achievements which I did. It takes a while but it's fun. There is also an awesome guide if you're stuck at some of the levels."
,Recommended,304410,19624117,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,CabbageCanFly,"It's like Sudoku and Minesweeper.The Hexcells Complete Pack is recommended for the best value; all 3 games are worthwhile.If you're cheaping out, Hexcells Infinite is preferred for the random puzzle generator."
,Recommended,304410,23032731,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ronzilla,"Just look at the global achievement stats, that says it all: One-third of players have played each level until they're mistake-free!And one-third have played 60+ random levels?Those are some truly satisifed customers. If you like logic/deduction-style puzzles, this will be right up your alley."
76561198074169975,Recommended,304410,13027037,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PhoenixT1,"The best of the 3 games, with infinite levels with the random editor. Hard if you are looking for the perfect achievement, easy if you don't."
,Recommended,304410,13039834,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Trihunter,"Awesome and underrated game, especially as you can get 3 level packs AND a random level generator for just over a fiver!"
,Recommended,304410,27304348,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,P U S S Y C A T 🐱 |,"Huge fan of the Hexcells franchise, hope they make more games in near future!~ 8/10"
76561198004419232,Recommended,304410,23233101,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Happiness Officer,"You might like if:You lost far too many hours playing Minesweeper back in the day - and want that all over again.Not a bad game (but could be more fiendish). Imagine if Minesweeper met Nonograms and had hexagonal babies... then you're close.Pure deductive logic. The solutions are unique and reasonably tricky, but fair. There's no trick questions or guessing. If you're used to Japanese deductive puzzles (like Kakuro or Ken Ken) then ignore the previous 2 iterations and jump straight to this one.Unfortunately the 'infinite' puzzles are a bit inconsistent. Many lack much of a challenge, meaning you can kinda mindlessly click through them, akin to Minesweeper: relaxing but not overly taxing. Whether that's a bad thing ultimately depends on what you're looking for. If you want something quite gentle, this'll tick it perfectly. If not... how much are 36 puzzles worth to you?If you want to up the ante and hit areallyfiendish puzzler; a game called 'Patterna' has surfaced on Greenlight (funnily enough, inspired by Hexcells!) - A demo is freely available, so I'd recommend giving it a peek:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=628954870"
,Not Recommended,304410,21941295,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,olly!,"At some point (during the development of previous game, probably) the author decided that large levels are good as a challenge. I tend to disagree on that, preferring medium-sized ones. The game becomes too slow to be interesting when the levels are large. So if you like large sprawling levels, this game is for you. Same problem with the level generator - there is no option to select level size, they will all be large, taking 40+ (or more) minutes to complete."
,Recommended,304410,22818901,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,wcz,"Pretty relaxing and soothing music for you troubled mind, not importunate fx. Puzzles are pretty simple, and you cannot fail in this game. It's like a crossbreed between classic minesweeper and japanese nomograms (hanjie, picross). You might like to give it a try should you ever have insomnia."
,Recommended,304410,11972125,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,This game sticks a finger in my brain and scratches the same place that Picross 3d did on the DS.
,Recommended,304410,25465469,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,lleon,Not bad.
,Recommended,304410,14747572,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ satisfying gameplay+ really nice UI & menu+ relaxing soundtrack+ more chalenging than original Hexcells+ infinite level generator in Infinite modeCONS:- can get a repetitive feel when played for a longer whileComment:An okay game that makes you think more and more as the levels progress. And think infinitely when playing the random levels that are generated. Overall it is a good ""time waster"" when you have a couple of minutes to play. Hexcells had a couple of points where you would more or less just guess what tile to choose. Hexcells Plus had a lot of this and it can be really frustrating. Hexcells Infinite is a middle ground netween the two. They fixed most of the complaints I had before, a level can be exited and continued later and there is as many levels as you dare to play. I very recommend this to anyone who likes logic games. Also worth mentioning are two prequels, all three games can be bought in a nice bundle.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,304410,12610694,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Raccoon Thing,"Like minesweeper for bees. Minebeeper?Or maybe it's more like Picross for wasps. Picwasp!No wait, it's like Sudoku for giant hornets. Like that dream I had, but without the part where I'm fired for being a bug."
,Recommended,304410,26633135,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,unclepeyj,More of the same awesome game! On to the next one :D
,Recommended,304410,27068018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vampiress,love te daily puzzles
,Recommended,304410,20852515,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,houjo2000,"Do you like number puzzles? There's a good chunk of them in this game, almost like buying a sudoku book and working through it. Some of the more difficult ones compares to the previous versions are in this one- so start with number one and if you like it, keep going."
,Recommended,304410,13270098,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,silversuriv,"Short ReviewA fun little puzzle game akin to Mine Sweeper. Plus is the follow up game to Hexcells, adding more levels. A final entry to the series called Hexcells Infinite rounds out the series with a random puzzle generator allowing the ability to play forever!ScoreMasterpiece- 10/10"
76561198042400645,Recommended,304410,17400192,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Arkatar,"Simply one of the best puzzle games I've ever played.  I completed all the regular levels and close to 800 random ones, and I still enjoy it.[Edit: just completed random puzzle #1000, still no sign of boredom.][Edit #2: puzzle #1337 solved, I'm retiring with a smile on my face.]One particular thing that I love about this game is that there's NEVER a case of flipping a coin, like you can get from Minesweeper.  If you're taking minutes to figure out your next move, then keep at it or take a break and come back with a fresh mind.  Often when that happens to me, it's because I made the mistake of marking a hint as solved when it actually wasn't.  This game is all deduction, no guessing.  Love it!Worth every penny, and then some."
,Recommended,304410,24723934,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)I recommend that you buy theHexcells Complete Packwith all 3 games - that's why this review text is identical for all 3.It's agreatpuzzle game series that strongly reminds of Microsoft Minesweeper, but not only is the grid hexagonal (meaning 3 instead of 2 axes), the games even go well beyond mere neighbor-field estimation.The levels eventually get very hard, and the procedural mode in ""Hexcells Infinite"" that exists in addition to the hand-crafted levels all three games have is a bit too chaotic (and hard) for my personal taste - well, it's procedural, its levels are not nicely designed and organized like the other levels.Anyway, since I wantedmoreof the easier puzzles and especially of the feature that numbers at the grid's periphery say something about the grid's content, I made a (very crappy)puzzlerin a few hours after finishing the Hexcells games that helps a bit with those needs.Hey, Matthew Brown, if you ever make a game like this again, I'm very likely to buy it, and I bet there's a bunch of people out there who think alike.For those who like this kind of puzzle game, I can't recommend the Hexcells games enough."
,Recommended,304410,11956484,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ngotorious,Hexcells and Super Hexagon.I love hexagon games.
,Recommended,304410,23042928,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Makki,"Hexcells Infinite is the third and last game in series, with new 36 mind boggling levels which will keep you preoccupied for quite a while. No new mechanics are added compared to previous games, if you played them you know what to expect but that is not necessary in order to enjoy this one.It is Minesweeper-like game where your goal is to decipher the pattern and mark the blue cells by gradually eliminating empty ones. They contain numbers which show how many blue cells are adjacent to them. New rules are introduced which add to game complexity, such as number of cells in columns, clusters of cells that must be separated from each other or adjacent to one another and blue cells with numbers which show how many of them are located in a 2 hex radius. I completed the game in slightly less than 8 hours. Much of it were spent in staring at the screen in order to find which cells to eliminate. Ending levels are really big and spotting sometimes obvious solution can be quite tricky.The biggest change is introduction of an Infinite mode, you can play as many random generated levels as you want. Your brain cells will be happy, your free time surely will not."
,Recommended,304410,12671211,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Kaneda,Sheldon Cooper would love this. So logical!
,Recommended,304410,23220040,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BluePaw,"It's pretty much minesweeper but instead with squares it's with hexagons along with other hurdles and mechanics into the mix.Good puzzle game. Base and Plus are good too as they basically Easy and Medium, respectively, and get the bundle for all three. Worth the money.-----Check out more games I see that deserve more attention from my curator group:BluePaw's Underrated Games ListJoin and/or follow if you wish."
,Recommended,304410,32880749,Posted: 27 June,all,Blazing Panda,a fun puzzle game with random leval generation so you won't get bored! worth the price and i would recommend.
,Recommended,304410,20607265,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,Drugs converted into math puzzles. Beware of puzzle addiction.//Get it
76561198012204554,Recommended,304410,27827688,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bengt,"Great game. While only the handcrafted puzzles are challenging, I still find the generated ones quite soothing to play while doing something else, like listening to a podcast."
,Recommended,304410,25059720,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,gaiaspiker,"Crossbreed of Minesweeper and Sudoku, simple yet elegant! While Hexcells serves as an appetizer, Hexcells Plus takes the challenge up a notch and Hexcells Infinite offers neverending enjoyment in the form of randomly generated puzzles in addition to the campaign."
76561198000368069,Recommended,304410,23375650,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Adrienaline,"More of the same, but unlike the other two, there are patterns that I would comfortably call puzzles. The infinite mode is missing a few features (ability to see which ones you've done previously and necessity of the game to make you complete it perfectly), but its a satisfying end to the series.Try the first one first, if you enjoy that, this is better. If not, it's not good enough to turn enjoyment for more of the same."
,Recommended,304410,23529999,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,OneProduct,"A fun twist on minesweeper with a few extra types of hints and without having to make guesses which sometimes minesweeper sometimes forces you to do.Very elegant visually and with just that level of mental thought required that it becomes a sort of a quick thinking game. Rather than sit there being puzzled as to what the next move is, you're trying to think quickly to try to clear the puzzle as fast as possible as with trying to clear minesweeper quickly. At least, that's where I see the charm of the game once you become more familiar with the mechanics."
,Recommended,304410,26666170,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ThereAreTwoGenders-YouAreJustSic,Fun little puzzle game. Good deal if on sell.Not overly difficult. Can get shameless perfect game on it with a little bit of time.6/10 - Worth it @ 50% off or better
76561198025306820,Recommended,304410,28663465,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,totorotipping,I want more.
,Recommended,304410,22801363,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Guitarist Tony,"This is a fun little puzzle game where you basically play as a minesweeper in a world of hexagons. You have to figure out which spaces have a bomb thingy (the game doesn't say what it is) from the numbers of the spaces around them. If a space has a one, it means there's one bomb thingy. It's kind of hard to explain, and the game will do it anyway. In my opinion, this is the best Hexcells game out of the three. It brings the trilogy to a satisfying conclusion. Once you finish all of the main puzzles, you can just play with the randomly generated ones for hours and hours. This game is totally worth it on sale. I bought it for $1.49, and it's well worth it."
,Recommended,304410,34055709,Posted: 6 August,all,Nepttune,"Worth the 2 dollars and some i paid for it, a fantastic little puzzle game"
76561198219804399,Recommended,304410,26706373,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,cbfont01,"I absolutely love this. It is similar to minesweeper in that there are bombs and numbers, but this game leaves minesweeper in the dust. Some info says how many bombs in an area, in a line, or if the bombs are consecutive. Also, they have the awesome question mark cell that doesn't give you any info for an extra challange. Each cell has up to six adjacent cells. Every puzzle is solvable without guessing but I didn't believe it when I first started. There are 36 designed levels and an infinite number of randomly generated cells. I will admit, I wish the randomly generated cells were harder. Sadly, it is random and you are much more likely to get a puzzle you can solve in 6 mn than the best ones that take over a half an hour. If you want proof how awesome this game is, here are some numbers from the achievements. 32.9% of people solved all the designed levels on perfect and 26.2% played over 60 randomly generated games. Obviously everyone else loves this too given how many people just kept playing it."
76561197965113536,Recommended,304410,25722481,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Quakespeare,A+
,Recommended,304410,26880102,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PewPewGG,"Best puzzle game on Steam. If you don't have any Hexcells game, you can buy just this one since Infinite has a puzzle generator."
,Recommended,304410,16230252,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Pur3Bolt,"Someone please help me, I can't stop playing this.9/10 cause too expensive"
76561198023712888,Recommended,304410,23439994,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Darth Andy,It's perfect.
,Recommended,304410,24635342,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,zaganos,+
,Recommended,304410,18384232,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Pakkidis,I've heard nothing but great things about hexcells so I decided to try the game out and see why everybody loves this game. *3 hours later* This game is VERY addicting. The game shares similar qualities to minesweeper but provides a lot more satisfaction and enjoyment for completing puzzles. The goal is to uncover as many blue hexes as possible with as little mistakes given the available information/clues within each puzzle. The game is the ultimate test in logic puzzles and really begins to test your patience and intelligence the more you play. The good thing about Hexcells Infinite is that it has a random puzzle generator giving you almost infinite puzzles to play with.In conclusion this game will easily eat up your free time. Play with caution.
,Recommended,304410,33633970,Posted: 18 July,all,robbie.grimm,"Good thinking game. I like it. However, unlike the predecessors, some level here really could not be solved with pure logic, no matter how much I sit in front of it. The best feature is offcourse the ""infinite"" option for layout generation."
,Recommended,304410,13907556,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Greasy Churchkhela,not infinite.
,Recommended,304410,15572925,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Hartley Harms,"It's an amazingly fun game to pick up and play for hours, but the same issue that plagued the first game still exists in this one.  There are too many 'trial and error' puzzles.  A good example of this very early on would be in level 1-4.  In this, the game teaches the player how a {#} hex works in that the active hexes are consecutive.  The only problem with this is that in the very middle there's a lone {2} hex with 4 blanks on either side and an active hex on the top.  There is no possible way to figure ou from that puzzle, which side the blue hex is supposed to go.  It could go on the left, or it could go on the right.  There's no indication at all on where the active hex is supposed to be.Like I said before, this game is amazing fun, but there are a lot of these trial and error puzzles that are just impossible to figure out because the puzzle itself doesn't give the player the information they would need to solve it without either chancing it, or cheating."
,Recommended,304410,31741284,Posted: 14 May,all,MrAgLi,"Nice, always love hexcells. And this one got an almost random generator, but the generator isn't perfect, because most of the times it will force you to gamble."
,Recommended,304410,34275480,Posted: 16 August,all,Manenti,One of the best puzzle games I ever played. I want a new one! Haha.
,Recommended,304410,20409674,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DryEagle,200 hours in and I'm still not tired of it. This is what a puzzle game should be!
76561198112876120,Recommended,304410,16587944,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,flavelsbrabel,"I tried to play this like Clicker Heroes, didn't work well...xD"
,Recommended,304410,11951510,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TurtleCat Reviews,Take a look at Hexcells herehttp://youtu.be/jBxeUihyaUs
,Recommended,304410,19701862,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,MYHR,"Hexcells Infinite is not really a full game, it's basically just a level pack. That doesn't stop it from being awesome, though, this game is worth it's price just in the audio alone.The game might remind you of Minesweeper, but unlike that luck based ""puzzle"", you will never have to guess what's under any of the hexes. If you don't know what to do, then it's all your own fault.If you haven't played Hexcells or Hexcells Plus, then I would recommend that you try those first. The difficulty curve is much steeper in this last one. If you have played the other games, this one adds a pack of even more challenging levels, and an amawing level generator that adds virtually infinite replayability.If you want a good puzzle game, buy this, now. Buy the whole series. You wont regret it."
76561197994265026,Not Recommended,304410,34641918,Posted: 31 August,all,The Majestic Hobo,"Umm... can kinda tell whats underneath some of the hexes if you move your mouse on and off of the hex very quickly, gives you a glimpse of what is underneath..."
76561198334004041,Recommended,304410,32856017,Posted: 27 June,all,sam,Very Good!
76561198071385281,Recommended,304410,24831669,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Eggman 420,"omg dis game is like minesweeper but 10000000x better cus u can actually solve every level logically!!! there are not too many lvl but u can play infinite mode once u finish. infinite mode is randomly generated level from seed, it is not as hard as the crafted level but stil very fun :). the crafted level r very hard on first try but wen u get gooder at game u will be able to do fast :).if u like puzle games u should definetly by this game it is very cheap."
76561198199677453,Not Recommended,304410,33644697,Posted: 18 July,all,bcgild,"I loved Hexcells. It was an amazingly simple puzzle game that was easy to sink into. Most importantly, it was always solvable if  you jus though about it long enough.This is not true of Hexcells Infinite. I repeatedly come across puzzles that are impossible to solve without guessing. Sometimes I'm right, sometimes I'm wrong. I know that many people are fine with that because it's similar to how minesweeper used to work but when compared to the original Hexcells, it just seems like a pointless guessing game."
,Not Recommended,304410,22612252,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ZeroOne,"I really liked the first Hexcells, and waded through the second as well, but this one is too much. The levels are too difficult and take too much time to solve perfectly, so that they are not even fun anymore. Quit while you're still winning, stick with the first game or two."
76561198086773602,Not Recommended,304410,34694567,Posted: 2 September,all,Cyrus,"Not as good as the first two hexcells games. Those both always gave you enough info tofinish a puzzle without guessing, however tedious. This however, requires you to guess. A lot. Not a very good puzzle if you can't really solve it.It's not a terrible game. It's just not as good as the previous ones."
76561198150891487,Not Recommended,304410,31869620,Posted: 20 May,all,Wheat Snuffles,"Before I start this review, I wanted to recommend ""Tetrobot and Co."" to those who look for intellectual challenges. It's a far superior puzzle game than the Hexcells trilogy, and is a game that actually challenges your problem solving skills.Now onto Hexcells Infinite.The idea of different types of hints comparing to minesweeper is refreshing, there are 3 types of additional hints besides the number of adjacent blue hexes:1) Number of blue hexes in a column2) Consecutive or non-consecutive blue hexes in adjacent hexes/column3) Number of blue hexes in 2 hex radiusHowever the freshness of new ideas runs out extremely quickly, and there will be no more new mechanics from that point on - the game becomes extremely repetitive, with few exceptions.There are 2 methods the developer adopts to make this game challenging:1) Reduce redundant information to bare minimum, by giving you non-blue hexes with question mark instead of an actual number. In my eyes, all this does is to make the levels long, and extremely unsatisfying to solve. It doesn't really pose interesting challenges, instead it just creates dead ends and forces you to move to somewhere else. When you have a board with over 400 hexes, it gets extremely annoying and frustrating to click on that one non-blue hex only to see a question mark.2) Create extremely large levels that take over half an hour to complete (if your goal is to make 0 mistakes) - or significantly longer if you are not a fast thinker. Many levels include completely independent sections which would have served much better as multiple smaller levels. Instead of keep creating interesting mechanics, the only variation becomes the overall shape of each level. It's quite sad to see a promising idea dying so quickly, it's like a novel with amazing first 3 chapters, but 20 more boring and mundane long chapters after, ruining the entire book.The way this game works, is for the player to slowly exhaust all the available information to determine which ones are blue hexes. But because there are only 4 types of information, it really doesn't require that much problem solving skills or creativity. Most later campaign levels feel like chores, and you are forced to do them slowly. At some point you might be forced to take a guess, and seeing the 0 mistake jumping to 1, ruining your perfect record, is quite infuriating.The game has nice audio, however there are some minor technical issues:1) Regardless of which monitor is selected to play the game in windowed mode, the game would always launch across all monitors. If the developer wanted to, this bug can be easily fixed in minutes.2) If you click really quickly, sometimes clicks won't register.In conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this game to any of my friends."
,Recommended,304410,23242173,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TASTY,.
76561198084730922,Recommended,304410,12912633,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tiger Samurai 42000,"A bit boring, cus nothing newexactly the same game as Hexcells original,5/10"
,Not Recommended,304410,35038284,Posted: 17 September,all,Leela,The addition of question marks to replace numbered hexes makes this less of a logic puzzle game and more of a guessing game.
,Not Recommended,304410,19281189,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Paparazzi,"The first and most obvious comparison of Hexcells is to Minesweeper, with two extra sides, and that's what you're going to get. Minesweeper is great for killing a few moments, from the basic versions in Windows 2000 and XP to the shiny new ones in 7 and 10. Start menu, ""mines"", press Enter, and away you go. Even when the hardest difficulty defeats me time and time again, I still find myself looking for it over Solitaire or Hearts.So why does the ""ambient logic"" of Hexcells annoy me so much? Well, if you've picked up on how pretentious that quoted phrase sounds, you're riding the same wave of boredom that I am.To put it plain, this game feels more like a tumor growing on Minesweeper than any real advancement. It's slow, it's overcomplicated, and it's not really about puzzles. It's about processes of elimination, like Sudoku, and with the pressure to complete every stage without error, you will feel discontent when you have to guess what's behind that next orange tile.Don't kid yourself on this point: if you're looking for any shred of entertainment you'll have to guess. Life is too short to work out every combination and deduce if you're about to ♥♥♥♥ up the tantalizing ""Mistakes: 0"" in the corner when there's regularly 50+ tiles and 10+ column hints to combine. Math majors aside, I don't know who could find that fun.But enough of taking potshots at my humorless peers, let's take potshots at the developer instead. This game really is dead-set on monopolizing your time and attention. Minesweeper is a game to be played for a few minutes, preferably with the ability to quickly background it when something more important pops up (e.g., your boss rounds the corner). You're better off playing it on mute anyway; the audio is annoying and the interface is minimalist to a fault. Quick, exit to the stage select screen without touching the mouse (you can't) and without waiting for the pause menu to fully scroll into view (good luck). On OS X, this game disables every normal exit strategy to simply access another window - Cmd+Tab and Mission Control - and for what reason? Both Microsoft and Apple go to great lengths to disallow this behavior because even with the best of intentions, no application is so important as to block access to everything else. Yes, you can exit with Cmd+Q, yes, you can play it in a window by guessing at keyboard shortcuts, but disabling the ability to use my system as I see fit while it is running is really what made me cross over from indifference into irritation. And with gameplay this shallow, that's the strongest emotion this game musters up."
,Not Recommended,304410,31953660,Posted: 25 May,all,LazyDays,Fun puzzle game but it can be beaten in a single sitting. Then you're dependent on the Daily level for more fun
,Not Recommended,304410,15318017,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,o4zloiroman,"Game is basically the original Hexcells with more levels, and one huge no-no for me — addition of '?' hexces which don't show amount of blue hexces around them. It's cheap, it limits maps to fewer solutions, ultimately leading you to finding the one devs wanted you to take. I don't like it and I can't recommed game for this explicit reason."
76561197995167011,Not Recommended,304410,29730656,Posted: 5 February,all,The Demon Cleaner,"The first one was fun, the second one was still fun but made you take a few guesses, this one is crap, you have to guess to progess.... alot... that's not a puzzel game, there is no logic in guessing just frustration."
,Not Recommended,304410,19943469,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,lanvilus,"I enjoyed the original HexCells to an extent, but when I uncovered my first ? hex in Infinite, I felt a bit cheated. A good logic puzzle should not require guesswork to solve, and that annoyed me enough to make me not want to play anymore. Instead of feeling challenged, I saw the ? hex as laziness or a means to suck up more of my time needlessly. For several puzzles, there is no way to solve it without taking a leap of faith. Good puzzle games shouldn't have that."
,Not Recommended,304410,21112376,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Splotte,"The first few puzzles were great, then the ? spaces began appearing. I really dislike guessing in games like these, and prefer a straight logic approach that isn't left to chance."
,Not Recommended,304410,23046937,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ulfr,Minesweeper is better...
,Not Recommended,304410,31039756,Posted: 9 April,all,Hollow,"Okay, so this is basically where the fun stops entirely for me at this point. Have played through Hexcells, loved it. Played Hexcells Plus which was just a more bloated version of Hexcells with dumbly increased puzzle sizes and no extra creativity or requirement to thinking added and this one is no different.Compared to the original you just have stupidly large puzzles that's only purpose it is to keep you busy searching for an opening instead of actually requiring you to think. That's just plain stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥Call it out as what it is, garbage. Cheap. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Definitely no recommendation for this one, although they finally took some MUCH needed fixes to this version of the game.Smaller puzzle sizes with cleverly thought out connections would have been a big improvement but no, instead we get about 300 tile big puzzles in every level again. Save yourself the money, it's not worth a single cent."
,Not Recommended,304410,21119918,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,WobbliestOwl,I was doing fine until the ? cells came up. I wanted a logic puzzle not a guessing game.
,Recommended,304410,11949663,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,devtesla,4:20 with 4 mistakes on random puzzle 69696969
76561198105019169,Recommended,304410,30395329,Posted: 8 March,all,Twisted Rhythm,"I find it puzzling that more people don't play this. They must have been hexed by a witch, but that's none of my bee's wax. I could make infinite puns about this, but straight talk: this game is sixy.Remember that clicking the numbers outside of the cells will toggle a gray line through parallel cells.Honor system, no guessing... >:)"
,Recommended,304410,12135083,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,waycooler,"The first two were great, this one is more of that greatness, with a new twist towards the end. Infinite puzzle mode is a nice addition, though the levels in it don't have quite the same hand-crafted feel as the main levels, and are never as hard."
,Recommended,304410,12144609,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,jag1694,"This game is reminiscent of minesweeper, but far more challenging in the approach you have to take to solve the puzzle without making any mistakes. I reccomend it to anyone looking for a challenging puzzle game that they can walk away from and come back to any time."
,Recommended,304410,11956385,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Lyra,You feel really smart figuring these logic puzzles out plus the UI is really calming.Best with some chocolate and a sweet drink with a slight breeze.
,Recommended,304410,11960801,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,spell,"Excellent puzzle game. A bit like minesweeper, a bit like picross . Buy it preferably togethr with 2 earlier games."
,Recommended,304410,11992650,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Temper,"Great game. The levels are very nicely made and level generator is also very good (had to guess few times but it was all in end game where i had less than 10 hexs covered,. Music is very ear-friendly and graphics are simple, but very nice."
76561198006768620,Recommended,304410,12020679,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,dmfaust,"While Hexcells Plus still is the best of the 3 Hexcells titles(featuring the most balanced puzzle set) more Hexcells is never a bad thing and Infinite is certainly worth picking up. Though having said that, while most definitely recommended, it is not without flaws either.In Infinite there is a difficulty jump in some puzzles, unfortunately in such a way that you feel rewarded by guessing more than in Plus. The obscurity of or mental notation required for some late game ""hints"" without any method to make notations in game(ie: Minesweeper question marks or Sudoku progams often having multiple number entry ""scratch paper"" type options) can feel overwhelming, and hurts the general relaxing ambiance of the series as it introduces an element of frustration not present in the previous two games.The Infinite puzzle generator is also a bit of a bust. While a wonderful idea, the unfortunate truth is that random generated puzzles in this sort of game simply can't compare with hand crafted(and the developer does an excellent job at that). And as there is no difficulty option when generating the puzzles, you are often thrown a near endless parade of fairly simple(and overly large for that simplicity) boards. Rather than the random generator, being able to access player designed puzzle might be a better option for extending the life of the game, be it through workshop integration or simply allowing a puzzle editor that would provide a sharable code as the random seed generator does now.Anyway, bottom line is this: Any Hexcells is amazing, but if you have to choose between one of the three go with Plus still. The original is far too easy and Infinite simply isn't quite as elegant as Plus's puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,11953862,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Fredy,"Regular Hexcells are now for 1 euro but Hexcells Infinite is better deal because it can generate you puzzles. Regular one is great but bit short, with this one it's endless. Save & restore works and could synch allows me to play same game on multiple computers. Game is little bit similar to minesweeper, but butter :)"
,Recommended,304410,12197829,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Onensane,"Like the name suggests, the game is now practically infinitely long. The game is almost like Minesweeper. You mark the spots according to the hint numbers. There are also some special hints like column helpers. Especially on the hand made missions you have to find the right route to perfect the level, otherwise it might get pretty hard.The largest minus for me are the hand made levels. Especially towards the end the challenges are made artificially by replacing the hints with questionmarks. This to me makes it feel a bit lazy and as a result the levels weren't as fun as in the original.However the infinite mode is a lot of fun. These levels are random generated from the given number. These give a pretty nice balance of challenge and fun, although most of the time the levels might be a bit too easy.But the game is definitely worth getting. It's the sort of game you can play while waiting for someone else to join a multiplayer session or while your computer is doing some other heavy task."
,Recommended,304410,19119934,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,iDarek,HOW COME YOU AINT GRABBED SOME ALREADY?
76561198040237370,Recommended,304410,19129471,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Frank Sinatra Jr,Good game. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,304410,19249058,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,vianmeor,"If you liked the first two games, then this game is an easy buy!Unlike the past two games, this one is most assuredly going to stump you (especially if you're going for Perfectionist - no mistakes in the campaign) and frustrate you. This one will definitely challenge you, and they definitely did their best to deliver a truly deserving finale.As an addition, there are an 'infinite' number of additional games (past the handcrafted campaign ones, these seem a bit computer-generated, even using a seed). These puzzles are easier - you dont need to worry about making mistakes since those aren't being counted and just click away - but in a way, I can appreciate the option of having a load of extra puzzles to enjoy after having gone through the entirety of the game.This one will last you longer than the other two combined, either because of the increased difficulty or the increased number of puzzles to go through. All in all, a good way to end the series."
,Recommended,304410,18799183,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,AlCapwnUK,"The ultimate minesweeper replacement.Mindfulness minesweeper - utterly perfect, every puzzle solvable purely through calculation."
76561198007329044,Recommended,304410,19287355,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Robmachine,It's a fun gsme that can really make you think. Only problem I have is it will on occasion devolve into a frustrating guessing game which will lead to restarts. Sometimes there simply is no math to get wrong and you guess and you fail.
,Recommended,304410,19377424,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"Another great addition to the hexcells line! The acceleration of difficulty in the puzzles is not quite as steep as in Hexcells Plus, so you could start with Hexcells Infinite without first playing Hexcells. (I recommended practicing with Hexcells before diving into Hexcells Plus.) This edition comes with a really neat feature to generate puzzles randomly (hence the ""infinite""), which provides endless hours of puzzle-solving fun! My only complaint is that the randomly generated puzzles seem to be relatively easy, for the most part, due to a lot of duplicated/unnecessary information provided. I don't know what sort of algorithm the authors use to generate the puzzles, but if the algorithm is flexible enough, it would be nice if the amount of information provided could be customized so that players could choose their difficulty level. Otherwise, Hexcells Infinite is a great puzzler that I'm sure I will be enjoying for a long time to come."
76561197964734519,Recommended,304410,19608109,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Marson,"One of my favorite puzzle games. I wish the ""infinite"" puzzles were more difficult, but still, 174 hours and counting, so..."
,Recommended,304410,19622406,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,valued rug,"Elegant design and incredible value. And when I wanted to change the mouse buttons around, there was a button for that. Hexellente."
,Recommended,304410,19800923,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Murmanox,It's like minesweeper without the luck element and much more complex strategies are required to solve the puzzles.
,Recommended,304410,30644177,Posted: 20 March,all,blueblimp,"The main point of this final entry in the Hexcells series is a random puzzle generator and the ability to play custom levels. The generator does OK, but the generated puzzles are a bit easy. To make custom levels, you must use the third-party Sixcells level editor.The content in this game is a level pack for Hexcells Plus. I found the earlier levels to be a little easier than in Hexcells Plus, and the later levels to be a bit harder.Unlike Hexcells Plus, Hexcells Infinite doesn't add any new mechanic, but it does make a welcome UI tweak to the numbered blue cells, by making the border of the guide easier to see."
76561198128909263,Recommended,304410,19668347,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,erq96,"Meh, 20% skill, 80% trial and error with no consequences. Recommended if on sale for really cheap, it's a good time waster."
76561198068982092,Recommended,304410,14338661,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"The third and final Hexcell game, once again, brings only improvements to the game.Hexcells is a minesweeper-like with hexagons. There is also many other features like ""?"" marks, line indicators, ""blue"" numbers, etc... And again, the levels are so awesome and different from randomly generated minesweeper because the game design of these is perfect!Those are all things that aren't new but they're worth saying because this is the core of the game.About the new things :The difficulty increased again from the other games. The game began to be hard from the second world out of six and I can't even finish the last puzzles in the game. It's like I'm just staring at them and I don't understand what to do, what's the logic behind them.There is also the new random mode. Because of it's nature, the pace of a random puzzle is very diffrent from a designed puzzle. Some are easy, some are hard. Most of the time, there is a lot of ways to work on before getting stucked. But most this, it's nice to change your mind from the brutally hard designed levels.Overall a nice improvement, difficulty increase and an other layer of polishing onto Hexcell Plus. If you enjoyed it, you need this one!"
,Recommended,304410,18100031,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,smb,Best puzzle game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,304410,18182031,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Barbe-bleue,"Very good brainteaser!Hexcells & Hexcells Plus were excellent. This one is in the same vein. Above all, I appreciate being able to solve problems only with logical deduction.Puzzles auto-generated are a bit too easy for my taste but levels created by the community are very challenging. There are dozens to import with a simple copy and paste.A must to have!"
76561198098126884,Recommended,304410,16633959,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,achan1058,"Another sequel to Hexcells and Hexcells Plus. The levels are harder than Hexcells (which are too easy), but easier than Hexcell Plus. The big new feature is the ability to generate randomized levels. Get it if you liked the first two games."
,Recommended,304410,16745572,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,mouseas,"Hexcells Infinite adds what the first two games most needed; a level generator. Hexcells and Hexcells Plus each had 36 AMAZING hand-built puzzles of ever-increasing difficulty, but once you completed the puzzles with no more than 1 mistake each, that was it. The game went back on the shelf.Hexcells Infinite also has 36 well-crafted hand-built puzzles, but once those are done you can keep playing with randomly-generated levels. If you buy only one of the trilogy, get this one.To the developer(s): There are a couple things I'd still like to see improved.1 - The randomly generated levels vary widely in difficulty and in how long they take to solve. I like to play Hexcells during a 15-minute break at work, and I'd like to be sure I can solve a puzzle in that time. So I'd like to see some size and difficulty settings when generating levels. It would also be nice to be able to disable some of the mechanics, like line clues and blue cell clues, when generating levels.2 - Just a small UI annoyance. When you go to the Infinite screen to start a random level, it always has 000000 as its seed. You have to click ""use a random seed"" and then ""start"". I almost always want to use a random seed, so just pre-populate it with one and save me a step.3 - Eventually I'd like to see player-built levels (and even worlds/series of levels) be an option. Random maps are great, but I bet some of your players could come up with really awesome, brain-wrenchingly difficult, beautiful puzzles. Steam has tools (Community Workshop) that make sharing user-created content easy. If this has to be done in a 4th title, then I'll be happily buying another Hexcells game when it's finished."
,Recommended,304410,16837691,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,gunnah,Definitely the best of the three Hexcell games.  The level generator puts this game on a whole new level compared with the previous titles.
,Recommended,304410,16850877,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sandypants,"This has got to be amongst the best puzzlers ever made. A real thinker... a real mind-bender. It slowly introduces new concepts, so that what seems at first to be Minesweeper+ becomes one of the real gems of the genre. Saying that it's akin to minesweeper, by the end, feels like an insult.You must play this game!"
,Recommended,304410,16630279,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rawnald Gregory Erickson the 2nd,"Hexcells Infinite is easily my favorite logic puzzle game at the moment. I strongly recommend it to both casual and hardcore puzzle fans. While I've never played the two previous games, I've also never played a puzzle game that so elegantly turns simplicity into difficulty without any sort of contrived pressures such as time limits or fail states. You'll go from feeling like Aristotle to agonized trying to faultlessly solve later levels.Some describe it like Minesweeper, but I have no attachment to minesweeper. I never even understood it until a friend explained it to me in my 2nd year of college. You just deduce (and in my experience, with enough thought you'll never need to guess and check) where blue and gray hexes are in a field of uncovered, yellow ones. It's simple, but grows fairly deep as new mechanics are added.Between the 36 handmade levels and the practically infinite levels, Hexcells Infinite packs more than enough content for me to recommend it at a full price. While it begins easy and ends quite hard, there's no fail state, so you can play as carelessly or cautiously as you wish. It also has some of the best puzzle mechanics for such a simple foundation such that it doesn't need to necessarily increase the number hexes to increase the difficulty of a level. The designers deserve a lot of praise, as the later levels are able to both hide and provide information, cleverly entwining hints and further complexity into one hex. It's casual, for sure, as it doesn't pressure you. I like this, because some of the levels truly frustrate me. If anything, it actively tries to sooth you with its clean and calm ambiance."
,Recommended,304410,16395055,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Very good puzzle game-do you like Minesweeper, Sodoku, Picross?You should get this one. It's a really intelligent puzzle game, very entertaining."
76561198078272811,Recommended,304410,16192044,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,marcus1307,"One of the best puzzle games. Finally a level generator is added, but the difficulty of the generated puzzles is not too high comparing to the hand-made ones."
76561198025359524,Recommended,304410,16533817,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Myst King,"Stylish and difficulty puzzle game. Plays like sudoku mixed with minesweeper.Level generator makes this the definitive version, though the levels in 1 and plus are good too."
,Recommended,304410,15675261,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,humbleglow,I retract my previous review indicating that some of these puzzles are unsolvable. Past-me was probably too tired after playing these puzzles for too long.
76561197988439524,Recommended,304410,13672651,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drentrione,"A nice relaxing puzzle game.There is no timer to make you feel rushed, just soothing music as you plink away.Even on the most difficult puzzles you never need to guess; there is always enough information somewhere on the board for you to make another move.I found this game through the discovery queue, and I am glad I decided to give it a shot.  I even went back to pick up the previous two games in the series."
76561198135226817,Recommended,304410,13659466,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Icicle,
,Recommended,304410,13780680,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Baadrix,"This game is when you mix up Minesweeper and Sudoku. If you ever hated when there was thisonelast mine in Minesweeper and you couldn't find out which one it actually is because you had two possible spots for it - then Hexcells is the right game for you. Every puzzle is solvable purely through logically thinking, but beware: The later ones are pretty hard.I also recommend playing Hexcells and Hexcells Plus before Hexcells Infinite (which comes with a random puzzle generator btw), you get a sense for this game and the difficulty doesn't increase that much this way. Watch out for the bundle of those three games!Definitely a must-have for puzzle and logic fans! Verdict: Recommended."
,Recommended,304410,13803466,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Toxivian,"This has become one of my favorite games very quickly. If you are the kind of person who has to play minesweeper against the clock on the hardest difficulty to get enjoyment out of it, then you will like this. The visuals are clean and smooth, and clearly present the game. I intended to write a bit longer review, but frankly the fact is its a great game that starts as minesweeper++, and as you advance, becomes so much more."
,Recommended,304410,13824913,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,joeyk86,"Similar to minesweeper but less luck. If your math and probability is good, this is your game! .. incredibly additive!"
,Recommended,304410,13889266,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,gloveboxshakes,Held my interest from the minute I started and one of the few games you can keep coming back to. Worth buying the series.
76561197972868936,Recommended,304410,13727158,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Taitou,"Superb puzzle game, a deceptive amount of depth and complexity.  The added infinite puzzles mode is the icing on the cake."
76561197997497018,Recommended,304410,13749311,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Double Dark,"An amazing logic puzzle game. It combines Minesweeper and Nonograms in a unique way. This is the best and most difficult of the Hexcells games. It's also the only one that saves your progress and has a random level generator. However, the random levels are easy compared to the hand crafted levels and not that enjoyable. The developer also added custom level support but didn't integrate it with the steam workshop so I don't know how much use it will get.If you like this game I'd also recommend some free games: Killer Sudoku, Picma Squared, and Picross."
,Recommended,304410,19685015,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ken,"This 3rd version of hexcells is genius. I thought it is just a hexa version of minesweeper, but later on I realized the game has its own unique mechanism and makes it much more interesting. Now I keep playing this mini game to release stress. I recommend to only buy this 3rd version of hexacells but not the first two (Hexcells & Hexcells Plus) because the first 2 versions are just subsets of this version."
76561198001898652,Recommended,304410,20053598,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,thijs,"Very enjoyable casual puzzle game. It has various aspects of several games, but I think it mostly resembled minesweeper in that sense, except that it's on a hexagonal grid. The ""random puzzle"" feature is very nice, so you can keep playing this even when you've solved all custom levels. The game is also very polished with smooth graphics, and a nice touch of having sound effects for clicking squares synchronized with the background music.Overall maybe not a revolutionary game, but similar to patience, mahjong, minesweeper etc. it's a nice game to play from time to time."
,Recommended,304410,20050188,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sherayith,"An extremely well done and challenging puzzle game.  Though I swear that some of the levels require guesswork and/or replays to solve it perfectly, because sometimes there just aren't enough hints."
,Recommended,304410,19946670,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Steviemon,"More Hexcells. A LOT more Hexcells. If you like Hexcells, you will love this. Get it."
76561198116732411,Recommended,304410,20000475,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AQUA,The infinite mode is very replayble. It's like minesweeper.
,Recommended,304410,19973204,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gluten-Free Meth,"If Hexcells and its younger brother, Hexcells Plus weren't enough, the devs made this accompanying masterpiece to top off and finish the collection.11/10 hexagons"
,Recommended,304410,19886092,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Beanie,"Pros:- Good game for a break- Easy to understand- Challenging, but logical- Every puzzle can be solved without guessing- You can save your progress and return to it later- Nice ambient music and sound effects- Gives you the option to either keep all sounds on, turn off just the music, or turn off all sounds- New infinite option gives you ""infinite"" puzzles to solveI'm going to assume 100,000,000 different puzzles since you can input any number from 00000000 to 99,999,999-The game allows you one mistake without losing pointsCons:- Instead of having an option where you continuously get randomized puzzles, you need to go back to the menu screen and hit ""randomize"" every time you want a new puzzle.-You need to complete 1,000,000,000 puzzles to unlock the final achievement...All things considered:I recommend it."
76561198157307632,Recommended,304410,19926158,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,traaaf,Highly addicting
,Recommended,304410,19965641,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,XIST_,"Possibly one of the best puzzle games of all time. The hand crafted puzzles offer are a challenge and will no doubt make you think logically. If you just want to finish the game, then it might not take you that long, but I personally believe that the game is meant to be played like a perfectionist. It is far more fun and rewarding to attempt to finish every puzzle without making a single mistake. That will take you a few hours, if not more.After finishing all of the puzzles, you can then move onto the infinite mode, where there are enough puzzles to last you a lifetime. As one might expect, the puzzles are in no way superior to the hand crafted ones, but they still offer a fantastic challenge and will challenge you in similar ways to the HexCell puzzles you are used to. If you are a fan of puzzles in any form you can possibly think of, there is no doubt in my mind that HexCells Infinite would be a great game to add to your collection."
,Recommended,304410,19956823,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nick Nolte,"Like the original Hexcell,but infinitely more addictive."
,Recommended,304410,20060576,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DarthBanana,"Love the Hexcells series. However, especially in Infinite, some of the puzzles can only be completed by guessing which leads to inevitable misses. Misses also shake tiles so you know you're wrong which cheapens the puzzles a bit. A very enjoyable game and series, though."
76561198042181467,Recommended,304410,20259109,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,nnneil2002,Rockin'
,Recommended,304410,20254077,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Res,The best puzzle game and greatest value i've ever had on any steam game! Relaxing and challenging at the same time.
,Recommended,304410,20216428,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Demi Murgos,"A soothing logical puzzle game for those who need a short break from work, or just want to do something ""casual"" from time to time. Or if you like minesweeper. Because it's basically minesweeper with a boost.One tiny problem: if you sign in to the game on a computer owned by a friend, who also has this game, you'll get awarded all the achievements they have. Other than this, I highly recommend it to anyone!"
76561197970836595,Recommended,304410,20513538,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GotTheAtaraxia,"I love this game. It's a great time waster, and the normal and generated levels never get old. It's worth more than what you're going to pay for it."
,Recommended,304410,20464820,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,nattyrez,"Fantastic minesweeper-esque puzzle game. Harder than the first two (Hexcells, Plus). Same calming ambient music. This time there's a puzzle generator so you can keep playing new random puzzles or input a code to play a specific one. Great end to the Hexcell games and good intro to Matthew Brown's next puzzle game: SquareCells."
,Recommended,304410,20503279,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,astaiannymph,"This is the capstone of the Hexcells trilogy. The difficulty finds the delicate balance between the original and Plus. Infinite mode is quite fun as well, providing you with as many puzzles as you want."
76561198158875432,Recommended,304410,20677402,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ohotoho,I really like this game! Only drawback - it's too easy.
,Recommended,304410,20647624,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,NganWailaM,Everythings are better than Plus XDD (Saving system is good)But the area of the blue clue still hard to seeI think red color box is much better
,Recommended,304410,14987589,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Localhorst,"When I played Hexcells and Hexcells Plus, I thought of a few things that could make these great games even better. I was impressed when I saw all of them actually made reality in Hexcells Infinite.Specifically, these are:- Save function- Random puzzle generator- The ability to share puzzles with othersThis is my new favorite casual game. Highly recommended to anyone who likes Minesweeper or puzzle games."
,Recommended,304410,15160645,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Johvain,Played it a couple of times... I kinda liked it
,Recommended,304410,15177504,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ShepherdMonk,"The Good:Peaceful musicCrisp, clean graphicsChallenging puzzlesEasy to learnIndefinite random puzzle modeThe Bad:It's a shame there isn't an all-inclusive game for hexcellsMain puzzles run out fastI'm not one for puzzle games unless there's something extra or it's retro, but this is neither and is still great.  All the hexcells games are sort of like a 6 dimensional minesweeper with a few more rules they toss in like telling you how many ""mines"" are in a line or touching each other.  Playing is quite addictive, and I recommend this one above the rest if you had to choose because it has an infinity mode that generates random puzzles based on date, a user given or pseudo-random seed.  Definitely worth the price.A nice, unending puzzle game."
,Recommended,304410,15178649,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4,"If you are new to Hexcells, I recommend getting this version only. I will explain why below.I played Hexcells after I saw NerdCubed doing a video over it. Being the broke teenager I am, I will shamefully admit I did pirate it, but I realized that this game didn't deserve it. I went out and bought all 3 versions (Hexcells, Hexcells: Plus, and Hexcells Infinite) and boy am I glad I did. This game is nothing but fun. Across all 3 games, as of writing this, I have around 50 hours into them. 50 hours into puzzle games. That's saying something. This version of the game is essentially the same as the first 2 except for 1 thing, really. The level generator. I have almost 100 randomly generated puzzles completed and I am planning on trying to reach 1000. This makes the game so much fun and replayable it's unreal. The last games didn't have this and you had to just replay the levels, which basically forced you to memorize it, bringing down the fun. But this....I can't get over it. If you are going to get any Hexcells, get this one. I can't stress it enough. And if you're not sure if you will like it because it's a puzzle game, I have almost 140 games and this is the only puzzle game, and I absolutely adore it. BUY THIS GAME."
76561197970395251,Recommended,304410,15194814,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GentlemanTech,best puzzle game ever. The harder levels on this iteration are ridiculously hard if you don't allow yourself to guess every now and again.
,Recommended,304410,13396911,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,But Nobody Came,"Third installment of the series.  Nothing too much is different, same idea, another layer of difficulty added halfway through.  I will say the hardest of the series by far, so if you want the challenge and don't want to buy all three games, this is definitely the one to get.  It has the most difficult challenges, and the added benefit of the puzzle generator, so there are endless seeds to play.The nitpick is, however, the random generator is largely puzzle difficulty of the first one, so if you really enjoyed how hard they were in the set stages, the generator may be a disappointment to you.  It may also feel that way after playing the harder ones, then coming down to easier ones just made them feel like a breeze, but many were being solved between 2-10 minutes, compared to the main stage puzzklles that would some take me 2 hours.I absolutely recommend playing them,but I would also recommend waiting on a sale.  I got the three bundled for very cheap and felt like a solid deal.  If you wanted all three games, I couldn't imagine paying for all three full price."
,Recommended,304410,13493324,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vowek,Good game but constantly crashing during startup on Linux thus I am very often not event able to play this game.
,Recommended,304410,14236374,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Logiak,"""I went on about minesweeper, because thats essentially what this is.""""NO GUESSWORK! NO ESTIMATION! Just a set order to figuring them all out. Thats so great!""I've always had a love hate situation with minesweeper. I loved the working out part of it. It was the greatest thing. Then, you'd hit a brick wall, can't solve this one! It'll have to be a guess! I once was playing a game. A proper one, of course! 99 mines. Expert level. Then after figuring out where all except three were. Brick wall. Right infront of the finish line. Had to guess. Failed it. Lost the game after all my work.I went on about minesweeper, because thats essentially what this is. Except for three things. They're hexagons, not squares. Theres a few gimmicks, like a count on how many mines there is in one line. And finally, NO GUESSWORK! NO ESTIMATION! Just a set order to figuring them all out. Thats so great!Their is a good amount of challenge to this game. But only a limit. This one does have a random generator, but because it's random, the quality of the levels are decreased. You may run into a hard one, but it'll be rare, and probably just because your missing something important. If you want the difficult levels that the developers focused on making, get all the games. Hexcells, Hexcells Plus, and this one. They all have a set of premade levels for you to challenge yourself. But personally, so far I've enjoyed playing some music and just going on with the random generator. Its less of a challenge, more of a speedrun. So far, I think I've played around 180 levels on random. So I enjoy it emmensly.8/10 Simply great"
,Recommended,304410,14119852,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,gullevek,The last of the three Hexcells games it gets even more complex. Also with almost infinite random levels to play after you finished the main game it is ongoing fun. One thing to say is that the random levels of course never reache the complex level of the main game levels.
76561198028973936,Recommended,304410,14276427,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Zolphia,"Hexcells is one of my favourite puzzle games in recent years. It is similar to minesweeper, but with an important difference: there is no guesswork, everything can be worked out entirely through logic. So if you ever feel stuck, you know it is not due to poor puzzle design, but because you simply haven't reasoned your way through the next step yet.There was one small downside to the previous Hexcells games, which is that it didn't remember how far along a puzzle you were when you quit the game. And since some of the later, more complicated puzzles can easily take more than half an hour to figure out, it is a welcome addition to Hexcells Infinite that it now stores your intermediate progress within a puzzle.If this type of logic puzzle appeals to you, I highly recommend getting the Complete pack containing all three Hexcells games for the full experience."
,Recommended,304410,14764348,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ELM,"Highly recommended if you like puzzle games. Simple, challenging, and rewarding, with nice difficulty progression. Check out all the Hexcells games."
,Recommended,304410,14727326,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sean,"The first two Hexcells games were good, but had very limited replayability. The practically infinite number of random puzzles in Infinite (I see what they did there) makes this a cut above the others, and totally worth checking out!"
,Recommended,304410,14715828,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,"RebelD, Empress of Death",This is a great game for those that love logic puzzles. The concept is fairly simple and the set up is pretty decent. The achievements are fairly easy to get (accept the perfect game lol) and its a good little brain teaser-ish. I recommend grabbing this game if you like logic problems.Pros:-Fairly simple-Achievements are easy-ish-Doesn't take too much time-You can save your place in a puzzleCons:-Perfect game achievement makes you want to bash your face into the desk (Note: Taking a couple of notes on areas where you are not sure about helps a lot!)-Some areas are not very clear and can get you stuck-Freaking question mark tiles (Is this Rage Quit coming out? lol)9/10 Is my rating for this game.
76561198094264321,Recommended,304410,14716525,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,orbitgray,Looks like addon to the original game. But levels are more challenging. And it is worth it.
,Recommended,304410,14718783,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MurderousMarvin,"The real skill in this game is hand eye coordination. Rarely have I felt so out of control of my right hand. The frustration of spending 15 minutes on a puzzle the whole time hoping you don't click the wrong button at the wrong time, then doing so and destroying the puzzle is pretty huge. The game is fun and the puzzles are clever, but the left and right button thing is surprisingly difficult."
76561198066816618,Recommended,304410,14711483,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Xar,one of the best games i've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,304410,14702221,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,昇天 Aribian,"It'll Make you cry, laugh and jump out of your chair with a rush of victory knowing you spent ten minuts doing the same puzzle over and over just to get a perfect score.A Cloun Tripping on Acid / 10"
,Recommended,304410,14744853,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Elfecutioner,"This is one of the best logic puzzles I've seen in a long time. Unlike Minesweeper, to which this is often compared, there is no guessing necessary. There are many more ways of identifying the number of ""mines"" in a given area, which allows for more creative puzzles and solutions.The infinte mode is great for being able to continue playing after beating all 36 pre-designed puzzles, but those pre-defined puzzles give the most challenge. I haven't done a lot of the random puzzles yet, so I'm hoping that some will be harder. The pre-defined levels also introduce you to new concepts as you go, so they are important in order to understand what you are seeing in the infinite mode."
,Recommended,304410,14746781,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The13thSon,Waiting on the music pack for this game. Awesome game.
,Recommended,304410,14692860,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Blueberry Muffins!,"""Mistakes"", it says.  The game's got a ""mistakes"" counter, a condescending ""there, there, you're not perfect, it's okay"" number.  It's perfect.  When at long last you  know whether or not he's just yanking your chain you don't care any more, you just know the dev's got that Mona Lisa ""I own you"" smile on his face."
,Recommended,304410,16824006,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Philadelphia Collins,.
,Recommended,304410,16832626,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mathy Magician,"As the third in the series, it unfortunately doesn't bring much more in terms of mechanics than the previous. The ""campaign"" is nice as usual, neither worse nor better than the previous. This time, though, they introduced a random generator, so you can play an infinite amount of riddles - hence the title. These do not feel as polished and nice as the campaign puzzles, but it's a nice addition when you've completed all the games in the series."
76561197991391480,Recommended,304410,16215854,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,wyldrose,"The finale of the Hexcells trilogy, Infinite is more Hexcell-y goodness with the added treat of more procedurally generated puzzles than even the hardest core fan will ever be able to play through. If you liked the first two,  you definitely want this one."
,Recommended,304410,15868552,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Anal joe,its like minesweeper but good for blood pressure
,Recommended,304410,16057455,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Boom,"This game is a fresh breath of air.It's beyond enjoyable with its beautiful soundtrack and sound effects.If anyone enjoys puzzle games (especially Picross), then this is the game for you. With a ""campaign"" and infinite levels, I still find myself playing this game well after I've beaten it."
,Recommended,304410,15472874,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,benedict,"Third entry in the Hexcells series and the weakest in my meaning, but still good.It might have infinite puzzles with random seeds but the main puzzles feel thrown together and not as aestethic as previous puzzles. This makes me uninterested in getting perfect on all levels.Hope to see a remix of all levels and infinite levels ported to iOS and Android tablets."
,Recommended,304410,15619305,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
,Recommended,304410,15889629,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Stiff,"I didn't finish this Hexcells game (yet) but I played the previous Hexcells games (which are very good in my opinion) and this game just add the magic touch to the previous Hexcells game. It's almost the same as the second Hexcells game but has some improvements, the puzzles are challenging again and definately worth playing. The price tag is a little higher than the previous games, but you get infinite puzzles back for that which is definately worth it! There are also some other improvements, the puzzle saves when you quit (this didn't happen at the previous games) and all settings are available from ingame (in the previous games, you had to restart and change some settings in a special configuration window). All this improvements and perfecting makes Hexcells Infinite the best puzzle game I played in years! If you don't have the game yet and you like puzzles, buy it as fast as you can!+ Puzzle Mechanics+ Can be extremely challenging+ The progress of the puzzle will be saved when you quit+ Unlimited playing time with the Infinite Puzzle Mode+ Some nice small improvements compared to the previous Hexcells+ Price is still very cheap~ Can be sometimes frustratingI rate this game 9.2/10, it's great, cheap, gives you unlimited puzzles, more than I could ever expect!"
,Recommended,304410,13711280,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,EvilMath,"I want this on my phone, so I can think about them while in class."
76561198079324090,Recommended,304410,13431504,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Crafty Magpie,"This is one of my all-time favorite puzzle games! I love all of the Hexcells games, but this is definitely the best, because there's an ""infinite"" category where it will randomly generate puzzles for you. Because of this, you've got the standard amount of puzzles in the game (somewhere around 60-65, I believe), but then you can just keep playing new puzzles forever.It's really great during finals week - I've already procrastinated my way through the main game and 100 of the additional puzzles!13/10, HIGHLY recommended!(I once played this game for 4 continuous hours. I dreamt of little blue and yellow hexagons that night. I don't know if I recommend playing for that long.)"
,Recommended,304410,19674536,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Baronmeister,"The last of the Hexcells trilogy, Hexcells Infinite is a masterpiece of modern design. Taking ideas from the previous two instalments, the game has been refined and polished to a tee, and is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played, up there with the Portal series. 9/10."
76561198052961165,Recommended,304410,19667206,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cersie22,"I recently bought all three hexcells games and couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. This game is absolutely addicting.One of the best things about it is there is no guessing; sure, you can take a chance if you want and guess. But that's the easy way out. Each stage is engineered so that there is always a way to decipher your next possible move.10/10"
76561198012854670,Recommended,304410,19646267,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,FelCros,"Mind SweeperA simple concept which broadens into something incredibly complex. You'll never play a match 3 game again, and the infinite mode is a great way to lose half an hour."
,Recommended,304410,19593452,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Vertinove,"This game is a very good time killer, think of minesweeper except you take the guessing aspect of minesweeper out and replacing it with logic. Also unlike minesweeper the graphics look sharp and clean. The thing that sets this game apart from the previous two is the random generation aspect in which you essentially means unlimited fun. I'll give this game a 9/10, the base price is still worth the game but if you can get it on sale it's an absolute steal."
76561198027208916,Recommended,304410,19689928,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jdickman89,"Sometimes I dream that I'm a bee, flying along an infinite landscape of honeycombed puzzle squares. Then I wake up, and cruise along an infinite landscape of honeycombed puzzle squares.Hex is love, hex is life."
76561198065368004,Recommended,304410,20938946,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,labrarotta,"There are 100 million random puzzles. If I solve 30 puzzles a day, it will take me over 9132 years to solve them all.I will devote the rest of my life to become a freak of nature and live over 9000 years just so I can solve all the random puzzles in this game. That's how good this game is."
,Recommended,304410,20923658,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Timist,I've played it for a few minutes. It's okay.
,Recommended,304410,21152440,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,A93ntZ3r0,"With minimal Audio & Graphics, i must admit that the Devs did a great job, well done and keep up the good work.10/10"
,Recommended,304410,21120407,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Pataphys,Some of the best mathematics-based puzzling in existence!
76561198037080732,Recommended,304410,21220474,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Gentleman,"This is a truly gem.By far, the best game of all Hexcells games"
,Recommended,304410,21277107,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,duudel,!
,Recommended,304410,21546194,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mordamir,"In a nutshell: Hexcells Infinite is Minesweeper on steroids.Long story: Just like in Minesweeper, sometimes you’ll have to guess (which may or may not annoy you), but unlike Minesweeper, Hexcells allows you to make as many mistakes as necessary in order to complete a map, and THAT is my major beef with the game, because it detracted a lot from the challenge. That’s right: There is no *significant* reward for completing a map with zero mistakes, and there is no punishment for literally guessing every step of the way and finishing with 20+ mistakes (other than barring your progress through the blocks of preset levels, but unlocking all puzzle groups doesn't really pose much of a challenge, i.e. you can do that even if you finish each map with a few mistakes).On the bright side, extra points go to sound design, as every correct click results in a soothing, oddly satisfying sound bit; however, there is no volume control in the game, only an ON/OFF switch, which I suppose is aligned with the game’s minimalistic design, but it’s a feature I missed nonetheless.All in all, the game is reasonably priced, and certainly a step up the challenge of playing Minesweeper. If you’re looking for some casual distraction of the “minesweeping” variety, I’d say go for it."
,Recommended,304410,21525116,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nem,This game is sooooo gooooood!
,Recommended,304410,21566326,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,2Weak2Live,"A decent little logic puzzler, well worth the usual sale price under a dollar.Special note: I almost didn't get this, because the description makes it sound like Minesweeper on a hexagonal grid.  While there is some passing similarity, the game play is richer and more interesting than Minesweeper, and it doesn't force you into guessing."
,Recommended,304410,21468220,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,GuerrillaVerde,"Buy them all!  Got the bundle on sale, paid less than three bucks.Hexcells won't fry your brains, but it offers some nice challenges, andevery puzzle can be solved logically!If you get stuck, just keep looking, you'll never need to guess.  Great mashup of sudoku and minesweeper, hours of entertainment.If you're only going to get one Hexcells game, go with Infinite.  It adds  pause, save, and restart features.  That last one matters, because, in the previous games, restarting meant backing out through two menues, then reloading the puzzle, which is annoying when you want a perfect run (or the achievement for perfection).  And, of course, the random puzzle generator, a la ""infinite"" means you can throw the rest of your life at clicking on Hexcells."
,Recommended,304410,21454821,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Merciful Hacker,"Amaaaaaaaazing game.I'm a huge fan of minimalist puzzle games. I've bought the top 20 games in that category on Steam and still haven't found one that scratches that itch like Hexcells does. Definitely recommended.But be warned.This game's ""infinite"" aspect will turn you into an addict. I literally time by work-breaks by ""how many Hexcells puzzles can I finish"".I actually literally can't stop playing.Please don't make me.YOU CANT MAKE ME.I DO WHAT I WANT.10/10."
76561198053491735,Recommended,304410,21726029,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Jathar,"Thus far, the best hexcells game. Includes random puzzle generator. It also made the two-hex circles introduced in Hexcells Plus more visible, which I found helpful. Also, the puzzles are harder — I'm still trying to solve a few of them completely."
,Recommended,304410,21679232,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Steef,This game makes me feel autistic and I love it.
,Recommended,304410,21823004,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DaReputableJesus,"Short Review Incoming:HEXCELLS INFINITE is the best zen-puzzler I've ever played. It's fun, addictive, stylish and relaxing. The only downside is that it's really short. That's why I would recommend HEXCELLS  and HEXCELLS PRO aswell. Definitely get this one and the other Hescells ;D"
,Recommended,304410,19236962,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Slyphert,Best.Infinite.Puzzle.Ever.
,Recommended,304410,22030916,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,gi #nochin,"A cool minimalist game you can play to kill some time.3 hours of gameplay for me, because I am not particularly good at games like this. ._."
,Recommended,304410,21084373,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,the lost hamburger,The new take on Minesweeper. Fun and very addictive.
76561197970689498,Recommended,304410,21063254,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,TNZ,"Simple game, strangely addictive. Once you get going you just want to complete all levels without mistakes."
,Recommended,304410,20838179,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ColaKitty23,Love the infinite mode after you've finished all the puzzles :)
,Recommended,304410,20956813,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,coolDisguise,"The last and best in the Hexcells series (so far, in case it's going to be continued) provides the same kind of gameplay as Hexcells Plus did, but gives you now 3 crucial features:- Steam cloud lets you continue your progress where you left off on another computer or after formatting- Continue puzzles in progress (instead of having to go at it again from the beginning)- Puzzle Generator: after ""beating"" the preset levels you can now play levels generated from one of 1 000 000 000 seedsAlthough there are no new mechanics introduced and I think the proximity mechanic (which at least for me takes a decent amount of time for counting and double-checking) is overused, this is a solid game with the Puzzle Generator giving it a lot of replayability if you just cannot get enough of the basic puzzle principle. I recommend picking it up in a bundle along with the other 2 in a sale."
,Recommended,304410,21376737,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,storm.hound,"Some good, thought-provoking puzzles in the main game.  The Infinite part will provide a variety of eminently solvable puzzles, but nothing nearly so demanding...but it's very good for those times when you just want a decent puzzle without breaking your brain."
,Recommended,304410,21238470,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MatHack,If you like (logical) puzzles this is the best buy you can make.
76561198116786626,Recommended,304410,12237990,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,"Hexcell Infinity is very similair to its predessors Hexcell and Hexcell Plus. In this version of the game there is a additional random puzzle generator which is very challenging.This game is very similar to the Mine swiper game you find in any version of Windows, but with a little twist. The idea of the puzzles is very simple. I found this version of the game a bit harder than the other games. Also I believe that there are more situations whereby you need to make an outright guess. This spoils the michanic of the game a little.Like the orginal game, it does get fustrating in the last couple of stages were the puzzles get bigger. Specially if you are after the achivements.The graphics are simple and styled well for this type of game.The music and sound is very good and compliments the game well. However after long play it does get a little repetative and you may want to switch the music off.I do recommend this game however again just like the other games in this series it does have a short playthrough value."
,Recommended,304410,12229919,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ExiFox,If you like logic puzzles Hexcells will be right up your alley.  No guessing needed to solve the puzzles.  Even randomly generated puzzles are fair and you can figure them out without needing to guess on the last piece.  Music is very calming and revealing pieces makes part of the tune which is a neat little feature.  I highly recommend this to anyone who likes logic puzzles.
,Recommended,304410,12208459,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,d161,"Finally, a version of Hexcells that I can play forever. This game may be best described as a severely upgraded Minesweeper. However, I feel that that description falls a bit short. The replacement of Minesweepers grid with a hex layout and the addition of different clue types makes this game an almost dangerously addictive puzzler. The result is a challenging, yet easy-going test of your logic skills. And now that the game has a random puzzle generator, I've had to push my bedtime back by a solid hour."
,Recommended,304410,12104163,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Weenie Tot,"This is basically what you would get if Minesweeper was actually a good game and you could actually win.  If you enjoy logic puzzles, mathematics, or the colors black and blue, then this is the game for you.  Have fun crying yourself to sleep trying to master Level 6-5.  Also, recommended are Hexcells and Hexcells Plus.  They're all cheap enough that you might as well buy them together.  If you cannot afford to buy them, then sell your plasma or become a surrogate mother.  You won't regret it."
76561197965723094,Recommended,304410,20712156,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Lucknuss,Way harder than the original. Love it!
,Recommended,304410,20711796,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Scott Alan Miller,"Infinite has to be the best of the Hexcells Trilogy.  It may not be as hard as the hardest levels in Plus, but it is nearly so.  What makes Infinite so much better, however, is that unlike the two previous titles, this one has a puzzle generator that will let you replay puzzles that you like, share them with friends, play the day's date's puzzle or generate one randomly.  You can play the game for forever.  It adds so much to the scope of the game."
76561198077245539,Recommended,304410,21140142,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,weasel75,"Nice and ""pure"" (minimalistic) puzzler.Hexcells Infinite is the latest and best of the Hexcells-triology.The puzzles are much harder than in the very first Hexcells (IMHO).But, some nice features made it in: one can save the state of a puzzle at any given time, and restarting a puzzle is easier too (no more going back to the main-menu).Additionally, there are tons (1.000.000) of random puzzles.While the random puzzles vary in difficulty and are (obviously) not hand-crafted as the official levels, the random challenges still add some more hours of fun.PS: The whole series is a good example on how one idea evolves over time and the game becomes better and more fine-tuned."
76561197960520365,Recommended,304410,20643303,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Psylencer,Slightly more difficult than the last one. The random puzzle generator would've been better if it had difficulty settings. Get the complete pack instead and play them in order. Ignore the negative reviews about the question mark tiles. Every puzzle can be solved without guessing.
,Recommended,304410,20652631,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ogundiety,"Absolutely wonderful- think Minecraft except every single puzzle can be solved by pure logic.  The 'random seed' modes are a touch on the easy side, but this and the two predicesors (Hexcells, Hexcells Plus) are easily worth the cost.A quick note for new players- you might want to reverse right and left for select as a blue or open it normally, as some people get frustrated by this and want to restart the puzzle to get it 'perfect' (the game does not register as complete unless you get every level with no mistakes).  Not at all hard to do, it's an easy option to find.Starts off simple, but ramps up.  I only wish they made more of this series, I'd buy them in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,304410,20724938,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[OG] Tragedy15,Hexcells: Minesweeper with a proper tutorial and in hexagon form.Hexcells Plus: Hexcells but harder.Hexcells Infinite: Hexcells with an endless mode.
,Recommended,304410,20739050,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,coolz,"More of the deceptively simple looking Minesweeper-esque puzzle game. Infinite might be my least favorite of the trio (with Hexcells & Hexcells Plus), but it is everything you would expect from the third game. The idea of ""infinite levels"" is a nice farewell touch and does not take away from the core game. Still, the randomly generated levels cannot match the brilliance of Matthew Brown's handiwork. While this is the last of the Hexcells games, I look forward to Matt's future work (the latest being SquareCells)http://store.steampowered.com/app/416770/"
76561198177637310,Recommended,304410,20554281,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,thenickoram,Better than Minesweeper
76561197970345570,Recommended,304410,20591044,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,rockhopper,"The third version of this game, following Hexcells and Hexcells plus.Again the basic puzzles are a bit harder than with plus and a LOT harder compared to the first Hexcells.Where plus gave us additional new rules for the puzzles, this sequel doesn't do that. It only perfects the difficulty of what the previous parts had to offer.But why the name ""infinity""? It comes with a Random Puzzle Generator, offering no less than 100.000.000 puzzles. This is where the true replay value shines. Want to share a certain puzzle with a friend? Just give the puzzle grid number to him and he can load it no problem. You can even save a puzzle midway, Something that is lacking in the standard puzzles.All in all a very valuable addition to an already great game.As with the previous two parts, ALL puzzles can be solved by using simple (and sometimes not so simple) logic. You never have to guess to solve something there's always a ""if this needs this, then that must be so or so"". Highly recommended if you enjoyed the previous parts. If you found 'plus' too hard, the random puzzles are a bit less difficult sitting somewhere between the original and plus."
,Recommended,304410,20594154,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Rekashim,This game will teach you logic and that odds are never on your side. Only one blue out of 5+? You'll somehow hit it every time. 9/10 would get infuriated by statistics again.
76561198063522788,Recommended,304410,24403824,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Crippling Happiness,Best puzzler I've ever played. I personally enjoyed it more than portal 2 in a puzzle sense.
76561198294215222,Recommended,304410,25052212,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sanitysbane,An extremely addictive puzzle game that became the biggest thing stopping me revising for my A levels.
,Recommended,304410,24748963,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nate Bauer,Great puzzle game. If you like minesweeper you'll love this.
,Recommended,304410,24818315,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Orillion,Everything can be solved without guessing and all of it is pretty much exactly the right difficulty. Hexcells is probably the best casual puzzle game I've ever played. The lack of a timer means I can tab in and out and chip away at one puzzle over a course of hours while I do other work or browse the internet.10/10
,Recommended,304410,24485843,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,dragon504,It's a pretty good little puzzle game.  My only problem is that there doesn't seem to be a penalty for making mistakes.
,Recommended,304410,25385005,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Lanayru,"I actually took the effort to write this review, which should tell you a LOT about the aweosme quality of this game. Incredible value, sweet puzzles, and replayablility that has made playing a puzzle with today's date part of my daily routine. 9.8/10, would reccomend. 100%. Anyday."
,Recommended,304410,25349390,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LonM,"This great puzzle game finally gets randomly generated puzzles. These are always enjoyable to solve. The random puzzle generator also manages to make puzzles that are actually solvable, but not make them really easy."
,Recommended,304410,22353795,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,PAY4CRASH2,"best puzzle game i have ever seencosted me only 2.69usd to purchase the complete packthis is the best time killer with almost infinite puzzles for everyone to solvepros:low price, only costs 4.99usd (1.49usd on sale, 2.69usd for the complete pack on sale)nearly infinite puzzles, total 36 (normal mode) + 99999999 (infinite mode) (not joking) puzzlescons:you are gonna hate yourself when you click the wrong ""cell"" or mistaken LMB and RMB, because you gonna restart the whole level (normal mode, if you are looking for perfect)"
76561197998904301,Recommended,304410,24453432,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Six,"I have played many puzzle games. The hexcells series is simply, in my humble opinion, the very best. It avoids the pitfall of so many similar games: trial and errror. While interesting games like Lyme, Quell, Kami, Unium, etc. are asking you to think ahead, sure, but mostly to try, end up in a dead end, try something else, get stuck, try again, etc.  this is not the case here. The only real way to play for me is to accept no error. In any case, there is never a reason to guess or play the probabilities. There is always a solution and it's always certain.Clever, just challenging enough without being frustrating, but also soothing. This last opus is even infinite..."
,Recommended,304410,24008565,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Seemo,buy the gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198004117427,Recommended,304410,23976325,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nedds,"A fun, simple puzzle game. If you're only going to get one of the hexcells games, get this one since the infinite variant offers endless new puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,23909946,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cron,"Insanely good timewaster, I am on this game whenever I have 5 minutes.I just wish I could get it on my tablet."
,Recommended,304410,23951578,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,neizod,"It's a Minesweeper game, using hexagon instead of square. So I guess bees are better than us at this game. :pAlso, this is the definitive edition of Hexcells' series. You can grab only just this Hexcells Infinite and play forever. (It would be better if they are all released as DLCs on top of the main game.)"
,Recommended,304410,23845415,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Supercockroach,A delightful and zen little puzzle game for lovers of logic. Worth every penny. The time shown is the time it took me to get every achievement. A lot like minesweeper with hexagonal tiles but it adds in elements from other logic games for a whole new level of depth. A must buy when on sale.
76561198041597336,Recommended,304410,23816961,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Owlbert,"Fantastic puzzle game. Cannot recommend this enough. The random level generator is pretty bad though, not gonna lie."
,Recommended,304410,23841276,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AbuJohnny,"I love puzzles, this game was one of the best and most challenging ones I played, made me stick to the monitor for hours until I completed all the puzzles. definitely recommend it."
76561198001610707,Recommended,304410,24124955,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,nicom7,"Relaxing, challenging yet rewarding game :)"
76561197994794584,Recommended,304410,25713826,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Wyndhammr,"This is a really wonderful logic game, with a gradual (but potentially quick) sweep up in difficulty, allowing you to progress as rapidly as you can think through it."
76561198231874740,Recommended,304410,25979490,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Gatebase,"The third part of the Hexcells series is definitely its peak. There are no new game mechanics. The tutorial aspect is handled better than in the first game. There is a nice progression between easy and challenging levels and the game felt much more balanced than the first two rather one-sided parts. The pre-made levels took me about 10 hours to complete as a seasoned logic puzzle player and featured a few really nice stages.Arguably its main selling point is the titular infinite mode. Finally Hexcells allows you to generate millions of levels and thus offers near infinite gameplay. The levels are usually much easier than the pre-made levels, which is completely fine with me and makes this an even better casual game for inbetween. My only gripe with this mode is its large randomness. Generated levels take anywhere between 3 and 20 minutes to complete. I would have liked a little more control over length and difficulty.The interface is much improved compared to its predecessors. Finally you can mute the music independenty from the sound effects. The game lets you save levels mid-progress, visibility of areas can be improved and you can swap mouse buttons more easily. It is such an improvement that it makes you wonder why the previous two games weren't patched to this UI. Like with the other parts I've never encountered a bug, error or crash.Due to the infinite mode this game as a stand-alone is worth full price. I recommend picking it up as part of the compilation or during one of the frequent sales which make this brilliant game a real bargain."
,Recommended,304410,25921730,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DrSkulk,"Basically minesweeper with hexagons; the difference is, there is no need for any luck! All of the puzzles are solvable with only pure logic. Unlike the other titles in the series, this one comes with a random puzzle generator, allowing you to continue playing even after you have completed all of the 36 set puzzles. If you love minesweeper, give this a go.Note: Change mouse buttons around if you're used to playing minesweeper, as the default mouse buttons are the reverse of minesweeper."
76561198044418045,Recommended,304410,25927389,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,J0N0,Great game to wrap your mind around!Minesweeper meets Sudoku in a very elegant and relaxing design.Very addictive! :)
76561198030750682,Recommended,304410,25978120,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Aro_cz,"You should think twice before purchasing this game. The price is quite high - and I'm not talking about the actual money but about time it drains... I was going to mention more levels would be fine, more achiements would be great but no... it is so simle for our protection. After day or two you manage to get all achievments and you can peacefully go to bed and get some sleep...Anyway, unlike windows minesweeper all levels can be solved without guessing. So, if you get stuck then you just missed something. It's always about the brain and you don't have to rely on luck - that feature may not seem to be important, but it is, as you are never going to click randlomly and you always know there is solution, you are just not seeing..."
76561198036106943,Recommended,304410,26045206,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MägsDeMage,"I feel the same way as many other reviewers, it is one of the best puzzle games out there and even projected on all games easily one of my top 5, which you can check seeing the (a little inflated) hours I played it.At first I didn't like it at all, because especially in the first few levels it seemed like a hexagonal minesweeper, in the way that only the early conceptualizing phase is fun, but this phase just keeps coming with new features and of course there never is this 50:50 tile in the end.That's all for the main game which ""plus"" and to some extend the original version also had.Additionally, Infinite has the new addition of the eponymous ""infinite"" randomly (aka algorithmically) created levels, which to be honest are not that amazing, granted I played less than 0.01% of them all, but like 90% aren't challenging in any capacity.You can get a few good ones, but generally the only fun aspect would be speedruning them (I would recommend having fewer levels and then a leaderboard for the respective levels).The feature of the game that I used 90% of my time on, is one that you may not have even seen at first or second glance: custom levels that you can copy into your game and create yourself (no creator interface thus far though).https://www.reddit.com/r/hexcellslevels/has 100+ posts of levels and level packs that are all amazing that is why this is  in my opinion the only game of the trilogy you really HAVE to get.I got all three for like 2 bucks, but this game is easily worth the 5 it costs normally.The game of course doesn't get worse the longer it's out it gets better, so you might aswell wait for a sale, unless you've really tasted blood now."
,Recommended,304410,26212696,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,IntrinsicPALO,"Unbelievably good, and while the random puzzles(Infinite mode) are pretty darn easy the later ones in the ""campaign"" are very challenging."
,Recommended,304410,26474856,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Bertie Dugger,"Another collection of excellent and brain-stretching puzzles.The procedurally-generated ""infinite"" puzzles are not as good as the puzzles in the main game, but they still give you more to play if you can't get enough of these excellent game mechanics."
,Recommended,304410,26495629,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,yifanapple,"pretty relaxing game, just solve it like a easy puzzle and have fun9/10 as a relaxation"
,Recommended,304410,26719820,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ＪｙｎｘｙＹ \ \  淡い,Best $1 I ever spent.
,Recommended,304410,33353440,Posted: 7 July,all,Frozn Microwave,"Hexcells InfiniteFun twist on Minesweeper, now with 999,999,999 different levels to choose from. Easy 100% completion. Pick up when its on sale if you want easy achievements.Rating: 6/10\Game Completed: 2/26/15/98 Minutes Played[Review written after 100% achievement completion, with both ""achievement-hunting"" and ""fun"" in mind.]"
76561198140589637,Recommended,304410,33388466,Posted: 8 July,all,mr.upside.down,"If you liked Hexcells, you will like this. More of the same is not always a bad thing!"
76561198084107692,Recommended,304410,33440959,Posted: 10 July,all,Crowrevell,"Minesweeper + Sudoku Part IIIHexcells Infinite is back with the same formula but with a ton more content. Aside from the 36 campaign puzzles (that sprinkle in a few tutorials to explain the core concepts) Infinite has an infinite more (well, 999,999,999 mode to be more precise). Obviously infinite mode gives the player a lot of value and replay ability as most of these puzzles (I've done 60 of them) take between 2-15 minutes. The option to use the date as a seed is a nice touch for daily playing.Infinite added a much needed save feature: maintaining the progress of your current campaign or infinite level. I say needed because some of the campaign levels can take a long time to solve (a few clock in at well over an hour during first playthrough). This also resets all the available information which is great if you accidentally or foolishly turned off some vital clue.I give credit to the sound design. Aside from the pleasant music, revealing hexes produce one of several different musicle cues. It's just a nice touch to engage the player and give a bit of variation.My only complaints are that highlighting columns and particularly blue hexes) to give information can sometimes make it difficult to see elements of the game. Several times the faint flashing  against the white backdrop almost blends in which may lead to mistakes. As for mistakes, while there is no guessing in the game, it can be a bit of a chore to put an hour into a level only to have a misclick force a restart (but no one said achievements are supposed to be easy).Hexcells infinite gives some strong improvements over past iterations while keeping the core mechanics in tact. There is a ton of value for this game at any price for those looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,304410,33276107,Posted: 5 July,all,CLeRIK,Better than Picross and better than Minesweeper. Awesome.
76561198024429842,Recommended,304410,33292246,Posted: 5 July,all,jesslaup,"Well made little puzzle game, got it as bundle with Hexcells and Hexcells Plus.'Story Mode' is quite easy for starters in the beginning but gets really difficult in the last few levels. Also, you can play like forever with random logic puzzles, though they're much more easy and tend to get boring after a few... hours... or so..."
,Recommended,304410,33408019,Posted: 9 July,all,durnsey,"Smart, intuitive, difficult. This (and the other two Hexcells) should be played in order and enjoyed to the max."
,Recommended,304410,32364504,Posted: 12 June,all,Archem,Game of the Decade
76561198094222180,Recommended,304410,33544696,Posted: 14 July,all,Kyuunz,"Never get tired of it since it has more than a thousands levels, and it is a very simple logic puzzle."
76561198049183091,Recommended,304410,18323480,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CanisLupus4285,"Just so much better than the last two. The infinite level mechanic is ignorable, but there are still a load of great levels."
,Recommended,304410,15800851,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,MattDistrAAAHction,"I have spent over 80 hours of my life clicking on hexagons, and I regret nothing"
76561198172103133,Recommended,304410,18463425,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,s0kratesjohnson,"I love puzzles and I love Hexcells.  I just wish it had the original music because I like to play this to relax, and the new music isn't very relaxing."
,Recommended,304410,18487962,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr. Holden,"Great logic-based puzzle game reminiscent of Minesweeper but with all guesswork removed. This is the third installment in the Hexcells series and the most challenging. The entire trilogy is worth playing, and I look forward to a fourth game."
,Recommended,304410,30566049,Posted: 17 March,all,Rettima,Yep.
,Recommended,304410,17818219,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,lah0077,"Like Minsweeper, but better. The infinite mode is really what makes this the best of the three Hexcell games. The other two I'd recommend getting on sale, but this one is worth full price. Really, it's even worth the price of the three game bundle just for this one."
,Recommended,304410,17410142,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,McFrugal,"Somewhat trickier than Hexcells Plus.  The random levels are fun, but tend to be easy.You can change the click behavior in this one.  I'm already used to the previous games so I just left it like it is."
,Recommended,304410,17881446,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BarberSwing,"Good logic game. Similar to Sudoku, The puzzle generator feature in this version brings me back for more, even though I already have all the achievements."
,Recommended,304410,17572135,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Badgerspin,It's Minesweeper with more logic and less 50/50 chances. Solid puzzle game.
,Recommended,304410,17576711,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Salvia Hardon,"Minesweeper type puzzle game.Game starts you off nice and easy with a few basic rules, and not really having to think too many moves in. Then it unrelentlessly starts piling on new mechanics and puzzles where you have to think several moves in in order to arrive at the solution.You will never have to guess to solve.If you like visual puzzles, then this game is right up your alley, and at $5, is well worth the price, even if it isn't on sale or bundled, especially when you consider all the puzzled that can be procedurally generated."
76561198027239685,Recommended,304410,17620159,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,arkton,Fantastic puzzle game where the puzzles feel like art.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,304410,22946482,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,eltee,"(9.5/10)This is the most Hexcellist Hexcells, far more hexcelling than the previous hexcells could ever hope to hexcell.Truth in a name for sure, you can now run essentially near infinite seeded puzzles, daily puzzles, etc, in addition to another batch of cleverly constructed main-line puzzles to work through.While the seeded ones often don't have the depth/complexity/strategy of the hand-built ones, they do offer quantity, and prevent the game from ever truly being over, which if you like clever puzzle games (and I do) is a very good thing."
,Recommended,304410,22889890,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,oneirossd,"An excellent puzzle game. The random puzzles are generally not very interesting, but they were fun enough that I didn't really mind playing 60 to get the achievement. If I didn't have dozens of other puzzle games to play I certainly could see myself continuing to play this one."
76561198015399925,Recommended,304410,22890167,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Benefactor,"The minimalistic beauty of this game is stunning, and the gameplay has just the right amount of mechanical complexity to compliment perfectly the inherent intricacy of the logical reasoning process."
76561198067154536,Recommended,304410,23010644,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Punch,"It seems from Hexcells to H. Plus to H. Infinite the games keep getting harder. I consider this a good thing, but I feel like this would be poor place in the series to start. That said, if you're willing to jump into harder puzzles right away, then this is probably the best in the series. It has a mode with infinite or more accurately ""more puzzles than anybody has time to play"", which allows you to keep playing new puzzles for as long as you want after the main puzzles are done. The downside is that the puzzles have differing difficulties and there's no way to say ""generate a medium level puzzle"".As far as gameplay goes, there are no new mechanics from the other games in the series, but I consider that a good thing. The core gameplay was fun, so I'm glad that it wasn't changed. That said, some may feel that this game is essentially the same as the others but with things mixed up a bit. I think if I had bought this first, the other games would feel like more of the same since this offers the 'infinite mode', but since I played it last, I feel like it's a good way to end the series."
,Recommended,304410,24246690,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Justin,"Minesweeper on messy, complicated, ambient drugs."
76561198013506964,Recommended,304410,24322102,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Grey,"In my opinion this is a good puzzle game. Of the three Hexcells games, this one is the second best. The levels are challenging. It took me 6 hours to complete every chapter perfectly. The inclusion of the random level generator is good. Unfortunately those levels are much easier, but still fun to play."
,Recommended,304410,24281128,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,svarnypetr,"A good level up for the original Hexcells. If you do not own any of the games from this series, I would certainly recommend this one to buy and leave the others. Infinite allows you to save your progress on a puzzle (handy for the larger ones) and also generate new puzzles. Great and ultimate version in my view."
76561198145755972,Recommended,304410,24285760,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Loafie493,"This game is a nice mix of sudoku and minesweeper. The puzzles get increasingly harder as you progress through the game and it is very satisfying when you perfect at level quickly. I highly recommend all of the Hexcells games, but if you are to buy only one get Hexcells Infinite. This one adds some mechanics on top of those presented in the other two games, and best of all includes a random puzzle generator for when you complete the game for added hours of fun."
,Recommended,304410,24150880,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - N/A.Gameplay - Charming.Graphics - Minimal.Sound - Exquisite.Music - Relaxing.Overall - Wonderful.
76561197969566014,Recommended,304410,20588138,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,denialanderror,"A good puzzle game but nowhere near as good as the original. You could always use logic in the first game to complete a puzzle with no mistakes but many of the later puzzles in Infinite rely on luck to pick the right hex, which took some of the enjoyment out of it. Towards the end, I didn't care about getting it wrong whereas in the first game, I made sure to 100% everything. Still worth playing though."
,Recommended,304410,28287976,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ÐeLTa™,"Well...I bought this game because I had 5 dollars just sitting there on my account and I didnt know what to do with them.This mini puzzle kind of a relaxation game really worth it.This game can be hard sometime (if you dont have a brain). however, you can take your time, relax, and think what is your next step. with a lot of built-in levels and unlimited very fun seed levels Im sure that you can pass the time in a really good way.So... lets talk about the game...You need to mark the orange cells as blue or black. Every black cell showing you how many blue cells are around the currnet black cell. you can't mark more blue cells than the black one showing you. But this is just the basics. during the levels you will discover more rules that will make the puzzle harder.In conclusion, a really good puzzle game, desined very well, just mark the orange cells while listening to the relaxing in-game music or just play it while listening to your own music (recomended). train your brain and clear your mind.btw, sorry for bad English."
76561198043901426,Recommended,304410,28283083,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,landersx,Great minesweeper-lke puzzle game.
,Recommended,304410,28091720,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Evan!,"THISJUSTIN!!If you use the super-secret technique as indicated in Bunden's ""Fast and easy"" guide, then completing all 999,999,999 puzzles in Hexcells Infinite at about 16 seconds each, you'd be done in...507 years, 130 days, 4 hours, 26 minutes, and 24 seconds.It's a good thing the last achievement only requires you to do 60 puzzles! ;)Neat game, by the way."
,Recommended,304410,28062924,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,cpwarriors16,Best Puzzle game series on steam. All 3 game me over 60 hours of puzzles
,Recommended,304410,28000425,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Emuu,"Minesweeper, but with hexagons. Absolutely amazing game, and it's cheap as hell"
,Recommended,304410,28011926,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,nullPointer,A wonderful way to zone out clicking away while keeping your mind slightly occupied
76561197975754560,Recommended,304410,28069543,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tahmatti,"If you're looking for a nice little logic puzzle, here's something to keep you occupied."
76561198158228118,Recommended,304410,28496920,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,hoffarth14,One of the best pick up and play games I've ever come across. Absolutely love it
,Recommended,304410,28215389,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Archainis,"An excellent deduction puzzle game. In addition to random generation of puzzle boards, there are also 6 sets of hand crafted puzzles designed to teach the deductive tricks of the game."
,Recommended,304410,28326738,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Ome,Very addictive game. My favorate to play  right now. Time flys faster in this game then it does in Civilization.
76561198091005313,Recommended,304410,27504400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ivpn,Best replacement for Minesweeper that I've seen so far.
76561198108183039,Recommended,304410,26025188,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DiabolicalDude,"Did you like Hexcells and want more? If yes, buy it.Unlike plus, this feels like DLC which is good if you wanted more. The puzzles are harder and get harder a hell of a lot faster until at the end, you're facing a wall of hexes to clear. I like the infinite mode. I feel like it would be better on mobile where you could just pull out a grid and play but I find it relaxing.  Play this if you want harder puzzles or infinite (really a million) puzzles.---About the game in general---Hexcells is a logic game sort of like minesweeper but at any given point in the game, you always have a logical way to solve the problem. This part is important because it gives puzzle fans something that relies only on skill and not on guesswork."
76561198117380007,Recommended,304410,27403848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,beemo,"Great puzzle, and, most importantly, it is indeed infinite!"
76561198040448072,Recommended,304410,27349589,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Werra,I still keep coming back to this one...
,Recommended,304410,27357134,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ĥåýmöô,Hexcells Infinite is a pretty solid puzzle game.
,Recommended,304410,27270801,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,akrajanko1,Infinite mode is great.
,Recommended,304410,23658654,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,tobez,Great puzzle game!!
76561198009795235,Recommended,304410,27281326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deutschi,"Really cool game. Even after completing, I play it every now and then."
76561198025231106,Recommended,304410,27308031,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,calfaile,Beautifully elegant
,Recommended,304410,27309180,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyndreanx,"A puzzle game akin to Minesweeper, now with more of it!Please note that the generated levels are not as good as the premade 'campaign' ones.I rather enjoyed this game for those small breaks in between, though it becomes infuriating quite quickly when you cannot find the next step."
76561198199767949,Recommended,304410,22883130,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Vellyxenya,"I began yesterday and already 9 hours, I can't do my homeworks!!!If you're on drugs and you wanna replace it by sth more healthy and you like losing your mind, then this is for you... seriously this game is wonderful, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304410,22916548,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ralek,A great logic puzzle game. It has a simple ruleset (much like Minesweeper with hexagons) but the levels can be quite challenging.  Furthermore all levels are solvable by using logic thinking - no guessing involved. If you like games of this kind you should try this out.
,Recommended,304410,22949700,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Twig,"Deductive reasoning put with ambient music. If you love Minesweeper, you will love this game."
76561198034291138,Recommended,304410,22830241,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,discovery26,This is Amazing. Much more difficult the original one
76561198088738915,Recommended,304410,22619511,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Wahene,"Third game of the Hexcell series, a puzzle game similiar to minesweeper but, but without the need to guess as every puzzle can be logically solved. It uses the same formula as the previous two aside from the fact that there is the infinite puzzle option in which a random puzzle is generated giving the game more longivity than previous version."
,Recommended,304410,22454365,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lemonfraid,"Basically minesweeper, but with more rules. And like minesweeper, I usually play when i just want something calm, or out of boredom when I don't want to play a more involved game. Then I realize I should have gone to bed two hours ago...I played the other two, Hexcells and Hexcells Plus, and both are good, but this one has a random puzzle generator, so you have basically ""infinite"" puzzles."
,Recommended,304410,22423782,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,CarlCX,"a charming, thoughtful, provocative journey through alt-history america, where racism found purchase as the founding principle of our philosophy and a man shoots his way through multiple timelines to save a woman with the magic in his hand in the vain hopes of battling the forces of fate itself and changing hiswaitoh godoh noi've made a huge mistake"
76561198005208684,Recommended,304410,22359394,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,GM Janus,"Elegant, clean, and combines the best of math and logic puzzles.  Hexcells has excellent mechanics and is a great buy for anyone wanting a game that can either kill a little bit of time or allow you to sit with your favorite beverage for hours.  No reflex puzzles and no cutesy mascot to get in the way.  Only issue I ever had was accidentally using the wrong mouse button, but that is an issue you will get past quickly."
,Recommended,304410,22540244,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,GORF,"A great, simple puzzle game that I keep going back to while taking a break from other things, or just to wind down a bit. It's like Minesweeper, but much better designed."
,Recommended,304410,22493541,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Doctor,"Although it appears to be a simple game at first glance, it's a wonderfully complex game for anyone who likes puzzles.  The infinite puzzle generator is an espcially great way to keep playing after you're finished the main part of the game."
76561198252908941,Recommended,304410,22312392,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,nkskr,Very fun!  Good interface/features
,Recommended,304410,22577976,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,GamerAssassin098,"Get all three and Squarecells! Some of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Great for casual gamers and 'hardcore' gamers alike. Each puzzle is lovingly crafted and a really well done tutorial. I love this game, can't stop. The seeded runs aren't as well done as the actual levels, but no one can expect someone to make over 9 milion perfect levels. Perfect way to pass time.  Matthew Brown is an amazing puzzle game maker, and he has proved that he deserves my money for his games. No bugs, no real patchs, the biggest problem is that there isn't a big settings menu, but this type of game doesn't really need one. With the seeded levels, any arguments of lack of content are completely null. If you need to get more proof of how good it is, look up Nerdcubed's video on it. His video caused me to buy all three. I bought Squarecells when it came out and I can say it's great as well.After you buy these games, you can thank me."
76561198098877430,Recommended,304410,23945378,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,syd940872syd,"Absolutely fantastic game. In terms of logical effort, this game, in my opinion, is harder than the Portal games. This game made me use logical thinking in ways I've never used before hence the game actually made me feel genuinely smarter. The puzzle designs from the main puzzles are beautifully and very cleverly designed.I would say that in terms of the cognitive difficulty, this game is more difficult than Hexcells Plus.The interface is minimalistic and along with the calming and soothing music, encourages you to think more clearly and in a way, calmly.For those who want a challenge and who want to feel more confident in their intelligence then this game is simply a must buy.If you are willing to buy the game, try not to make any mistakes since it'll effect the amount of satisfaction you get sometimes from solving it. And yes it is true, the ENTIRE GAME can be completed using logic only, no guess work is required at all."
76561197963338724,Recommended,304410,28487384,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Shadowhawk,"While I have only played a short bit so far, I can say that the puzzle aspects of this game are fairly interesting. Gameplay is (as others have noted) reminiscent of Sudoku and Minesweeper. The puzzles themselves arent very hard, and to my knowledge have no life system other than the fact that you get rewards based on how few mistakes you make. This system works very well and is very easy to understand the mechanics of the game with its ""do it to learn it"" tutorials.This game has my praise as being a simple brain teaser, and I recommend it for this reason. It does its job and it does it well. Everything else below this is annoyances I have however, as this is a game about following the limited rules, and trying to do as well as possible. Some of the rules introduced, however, limit your ability to use your brain however and this peeves the hell out of me.An annoying point for this system is that 1 mistake might be no lost points in some levels, while other more difficult puzzles might be that 2 mistakes is 2 lost points. Another issue I have with this is the need for guessing, in a system that gives its credits based on mistakes made. This game REQUIRES you to guess all the time, even in the first few levels even. And what I mean by guessing is that instead of intellectually plotting out your course, you are required to take a stand and say ""well at least its just 50/50."" And this is exacerbated by the ""?"" buttons. There is a level where there are ROWS of these unknown buttons, making it impossible to go around and therefore impossible to know how to move on without guessing. Turning this puzzle game of intelligence into a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And then theres the fact that the blocks you fill in as correct dont have numbers on them too. Meaning that if you are in a choke a couple blocks wide and you only get fillers then you have no way of moving forward, yet again forcing you to GUESS!"
,Recommended,304410,28028377,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,anthony.graan,Warning: Addictive
76561198062807051,Recommended,304410,28232107,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus,Good game to play while watching a movie or something.How tf did i have 100+ hours
,Recommended,304410,27991489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DeadlyBee111,Love this game
,Recommended,304410,27971509,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Blind,"One of the best puzzle games around. Excellent level design and hard enough brain twisters, if trying to complete the game without mistakes."
,Recommended,304410,20984409,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,aviness,"Too much fun. How minesweeper should have been. If you liked minesweeper, there is no chance you won't like this game!"
76561198006642795,Recommended,304410,27898803,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pages,"As far as I can tell you never need to guess to solve the puzzles. But man, some of them are really tricky.Regardless, I love this game. It's really fun!"
,Recommended,304410,27975260,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KaiKat,"I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone & everyone including those that may not know how to play Minesweeper style games.The Hexcells games involves a much improved and varied Minesweeper style gameplay compared to the standard Minesweeper clones that are nearly everywhere (including the standard Minesweeper installed on most Windows computers).Hexcells improve on the basic Minesweeper format in quite a number of different ways that change up the Minesweeper gameplay by adding different alternative ways on locating the mines. I won't spoil the fun of working them out for you though.Speaking about the new and different ways of locating the mines, the main campaign of pre-defined set levels slowly introduce these new mechanics to players while explaining the methods you can use these to solve the puzzles. This starts with the basics so that even a novice easily start to play and goes all the way up to some really challenging tests towards the end with the final puzzle taking hours to complete. Luckily this game auto saves constantly so you can ways come back to where you left off.Hexcells Infinite is probably the best of out the 3 current Hexcells games due to the new Infinite mode (that wasn't in the previous 2 games) which randomly generates new levels so there's always something to come back to or continue on after the main campaign is completed.As you can see in the screenshots on this store page it has a nice minimalist look with both light & dark setting so that you're not blinded by that white blackground all the time.It runs very well on any PC that I've had no matter the specs low or high. Variety of resolution settings which all seem to work great and a nice window mode setting so you can play while doing something else (like watching a movie or TV show, etc).The only improvement I could think of was if the Infinite mode had some more generation settings so you can generate a puzzle more to your liking rather then it being nearly completely random.9.5/10"
,Recommended,304410,27738257,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Antoine Dec,is very good puzzle game yes
,Recommended,304410,28576433,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Esper,"Overwhelms you compared to other games, but still really good.The unlimited mode is too much though.Grab this if you liked the other ones!Good for achievement hunting."
,Recommended,304410,28712572,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tacmeister,"The best Minesweeper-like game.And on some aspects it's even better! Many different methods of unveiling cells, no guessing, non-repeating levels, etc.)!"
76561198040000480,Recommended,304410,29066019,Posted: 6 January,all,dxus,"I think ""Hexcells Infinite"" is the most challenging game in the Hexcells series. Sometimes it seems impossible, but there is always a logical move to be made. I like the new random puzzle generator that this game brings.Thank you developers for this wonderful logical puzzle game!"
76561198121550122,Recommended,304410,28812588,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Eva,This game is wonderfully addictive. I spent two weeks+ beating the Hexcells games. Thankfully this incarnation of Hexcells allows players to solve nearly infinite puzzles.
,Recommended,304410,29053593,Posted: 5 January,all,mdwyer,"This is my next favorite puzzle game. You're going to hear comparisons to Minesweeper, but I can assure you that the differences are enough that you might love this game even if Minesweeper isn't your thing.That's certainly the case for me. To start with, there is never a need to guess. Every puzzle has all the clues you need. Now, admittedly, guessing can sometimes be fun and fulfilling, but this is the kind of game where if you fail, it isn't because of the random flip of a coin, but because you didn't pay close enough attention.That's what I love about this game: It is a pure logic test that does great things for exercising your brain. The first couple of worlds introduce you to the rules. After you've got the rules, though, the priceless part of the game is the random puzzle generation that will make a seemingly endless stream of puzzles.It isn't without problems, though. The music gets to be a bit much, fortunately you can turn it off. There are surprising UI elements missing. You can't advance through the game numbers (seeds) in a linear fashion, unless you're willing to remember your 8-digit numbers yourself. Even so, I'm not sure how random the random system really is, since I SWEAR I've replayed some of the games.  Some players might appreciate a hint system.All that aside, though, it is a very enjoyable puzzle game, and is likely to go on my list of puzzle games that take all my time."
,Recommended,304410,29074619,Posted: 6 January,all,mejdej,"Minesweeper meets Sudoku, just great"
,Recommended,304410,28979238,Posted: 3 January,all,6ap6apblckaAa,"A wonderfull game, determinism is the true puzzle attribute!All 3 games in the series are great."
,Recommended,304410,20261359,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Morton Treeman,Minesweeper with hexagons 2: enter the eyestrain+great design+great click noise. It's satisying to click in any hexcell game-didn't enjoy the 2 ring puzzles towards the end. it's not always easy to tell which cells are in the 2nd ring and which ones aren't due to the often weirdly shaped and separated (but still sometimes supposedly adjacent) globs of hex honey. This ended up hurting my eyes and the overall experience wasn't relaxing anymore.
,Recommended,304410,28852953,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CASysprog,"Great game, fun and makes you think - harder than the original but the challenge of completing each puzzle with no mistakes keeps your attention.Highly recoomend it and the other Hexcell games....especially if you pick them up as a bundle in a steam sale."
,Recommended,304410,27662100,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Oxcy,Best rage game I have ever played
76561198032385016,Recommended,304410,29008107,Posted: 4 January,all,jocelynlegault,Amazignly addictive little puzzle game.Totally worth your time and money.And to all of you who are saying this is a guessing game: you're doing it wrong.There's *ALWAYS* a logical way forward. Think harder! :-)But it might be better for you to avoid this game if you're a lazy thinker.
76561197967717220,Recommended,304410,29024341,Posted: 4 January,all,Spacebread,"Very enjoyable and relaxing.  Reminds me a lot of sudoku but with less note taking and more satisfaction.  It's nice to be able to make a mistake to continue on if stuck yet also being able to logically find the solution if you are patient enough.If you like sudoku definitely try this.  I understand people comparing this to minesweeper, but I never liked minesweeper and I very much enjoy this game."
,Recommended,304410,29015912,Posted: 4 January,all,Pelleplutt,This is like drugs for a programmer.
76561198094376508,Recommended,304410,28748321,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Just Katy,Buy this game if you like solving puzzles. It is a great game and worth the money in my opinion. It can get really tricky but it saves your progress as you go along so you may quit and come back to it
76561198169186261,Recommended,304410,29150517,Posted: 9 January,all,Moog,"I love all the Hexcells games.Being a bit of an idiot, they make me work my brain very hard. Maybe one day it will make me smarter, and I'll finally graduate from Bovine UniversityVery thumbs up."
76561198025266206,Recommended,304410,29132822,Posted: 8 January,all,professor.kam,"I think this is cheapes game I've bought on Steam, if to compare time I spend on it to price I payed for it."
,Recommended,304410,31985641,Posted: 26 May,all,Krako Rotten,"Very relaxing, fun and challenging without being tedious. Recommended for everyone who likes puzzles."
76561198002577446,Recommended,304410,31823294,Posted: 18 May,all,Killjoule,"All the Hexcells games are fantastic, and this 3rd (and final?) one adds a mode that will automatically generate new puzzles (hence the ""Infinite"").  The auto-generated puzzles seem too easy, unfortunately, so I didn't play much after finishing the main game.  Still, the main game is excellent."
,Recommended,304410,26817689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bjornwolf,"The hardest of the three, the puzzle generator offers fun that lasts way beyond the pre-made levels. Top of my never-uninstall list.EDIT: The new update which added solid borders to blue numbered hexes made the experience even more enjoyable."
76561198245923036,Recommended,304410,32520135,Posted: 17 June,all,Lordrangleic,"Plays just as well as the first hexcells, but with a mode that has ""infinite"" puzzles to play after the main game, so there is some replayability in this game if you need a challenge."
,Recommended,304410,28660631,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Some random nurd,"Great challenging puzzle game, especially for the low price (especially in a sale)If you like minesweeper, but got annoyed at random-chance aspects, you'll probably love this game, the only reason you get stuck or make a mistake is because you missed something."
,Recommended,304410,28629895,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheNob,The idea behind Minesweeper redefined. It's great.
,Recommended,304410,27550987,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Horten,Vanedannende
,Recommended,304410,20424392,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Jisagi,"I love it. As simple as that.I played both predecessors and also the new one with squares and they are simply awesome. It's not a 'play it for 10 hours straight' game but the best for the time between everything else. It is challenging, each game gets harder and Infinite also got a random generate mode which gives it a huge replay value.TL;DR: Buy it! It's awesome! More of this please!"
,Recommended,304410,27584297,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Your Cookies My Cream,Incredible!
,Recommended,304410,27535927,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daniel,It's good
,Recommended,304410,27611056,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sen the Kat,"Ever hated how minesweeper required an amount of guessing despite it's simple and weirdly addictive gameplay? Then the Hexcells series is the game for you. The game requires absolutely no guessing so you have no one to blame but yourself at any given point of the game. (':Unlike the other Hexcell games in the series, Hexcells infinite has a random puzzle generator which is technically well, infinite and helps toresolvelet you indulge further in your developed addiction to it."
76561198030862623,Recommended,304410,27882919,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Budgie,"Very relaxing, fun to play and easy to learn."
,Recommended,304410,27512298,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Midest,Infinite timekiller.
,Recommended,304410,28533353,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,xXK1NGxR3APERXx,"This is a really good game if you are in to endless puzzles. Im barely in on the hundreth puzzle on the infinite and i got 99999900 to go HAHAH. If you're looking for a good puzzle game, this ones for you.P.S. The Hex Gods are watching me.. Help.."
76561198218139353,Recommended,304410,24805544,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darthmoose03™,Origional and mind challenging with an almost neverending array of puzzles10/10
,Recommended,304410,30615875,Posted: 19 March,all,Eska,Quite an easy game. It can't keep my attention for longer than 30 minutes. Controls are a bit odd and can easily be messed up.
,Recommended,304410,32670726,Posted: 23 June,all,Grampipon,"Utterly fantastic puzzle game, from a person who usually doesn't like them. Heavily recommended."
,Recommended,304410,32743640,Posted: 24 June,all,The Red Scare,Simple concept with a lot of value.
,Recommended,304410,32904798,Posted: 27 June,all,Evilmanta,Great twist on Minesweeper. It's a nice game to play when you need to unwind but want to engage your brain still.
76561197969302594,Recommended,304410,32959173,Posted: 28 June,all,L3v1a7h4N,Realy like that Style of Puzzle!
,Recommended,304410,33216792,Posted: 3 July,all,justpaper,"10/10 -- Must buy for logic puzzle lovers.  I did not, have not, and will not regret making this purchase.  This game is ABSOLUTELY worth $4.99 regular price.  If you are here and it's on sale, then you should get it now."
,Recommended,304410,33216838,Posted: 3 July,all,twitch.tv/TheKingBevo,Easy 100% .
76561197988301013,Recommended,304410,33213904,Posted: 3 July,all,bill_porochnuk,"Why did I buy this Game ? ....... well, like the solutions to the puzzles ..... it was only Logical ....Put down those crosshairs, lightsabers and jotsticks.  Dock those 1000 ship hyperdrive fleets that we all love so well ......... and stimulate those deep recesses of the brain we have all been neglecting  for too long ....it's Brilliant !"
,Recommended,304410,33131856,Posted: 2 July,all,AuraMedical,I personally believe this game capable to improve your skills on suspecting things given the available data.
,Recommended,304410,33901592,Posted: 30 July,all,Frits,"I had fun playing this game, the puzzling mechanics is a nice new refreshing concept. Props to the developer. The game is well designed and has a gradual learning curve to it. It is the best installment of the hexcells series."
,Recommended,304410,33939607,Posted: 31 July,all,TheSlowChettah,"A very simple, but very fun series. It moves up a lot in difficulty from the rest of the series, but is by far the best designed and most enjoyable. The campaign was very challenging, and the ""infinite"" feature can be a fun way to pass some quick time because the puzzles are much simlper (which can be both good and bad). Overall, very good game, especially for the price."
76561197976157132,Recommended,304410,33956390,Posted: 1 August,all,Dyaxt,"Great puzzle game. Took me quite a while to solve everything without any guessing, any mistake or checking the web. It was worth every minute. 100% pure and always fair logic.The music is awesome, kind of meditative, good to keep thinking for hours.People that claim that guessing is needed, have just given up too early or are just not made for the game."
76561198110595954,Recommended,304410,34092421,Posted: 7 August,all,RagnCharran,"Hexcells Infinite is a great little puzzle game that also fixes a few of the issues of the earlier games in the series, HexCells and HexCells Plus (both of which I also fully recommend, despite their minor flaws). This game has both premade puzzles, on a fair learning curve of difficulty, and a procedural generation system that presumably is capable of generating an additional 100,000,000 different puzzles. This solves the replay issue of the previous games, and also includes a save feature (letting you leave a puzzle and come back without having to start over), and the option to swap your mouse buttons (which is critical if you're a Minesweeper player as the default ""safe"" or ""flag"" buttons are opposite). And just as HexCells Plus increased the size and complexity of puzzles compared to HexCells, HexCells Infinite increases them even more, so that save function is a lifesaver on the later puzzles.And yes, this is a Minsweeper style puzzle game, but because the levels are premade they progress on a fair learning curve and are all 100% logic solvable with no guessing required, ever. At the risk of sounding condescending, if you're reading a negative review by someone who says guessing is required, they just couldn't logic the puzzle out. I was able to logic solve them all, and when I did make an error, I was able to figure out what error in logic I had made, or what I had failed to notice, that caused my mistake. The game lets you make a few mistakes without failing you on the level, but as a perfectionist I restarted from scratch each time, and was able to clear them all.Even the procedurally generated ""Infinite"" levels seem to follow the 100% solvable rule, I've done about 20 so far and had no problems, and in each I could see what are probably the base elements of coding that ensure the levels are solvable. There are often multiple - or as I see it, overlapping - ways to prove many of the cells as safe or not, which I'm guessing comes from the failsafe coding. The downside to this is they tend to be fairly easy, even the really large puzzles (the generator makes them in multiple sizes as well as configurations) have none of the complex logic required to beat the higher premade levels.The only downsides I see are:1. Because this is a standalone game, it has tutorial style puzzles to teach the mechanics of the various logic rules, but if you're already familiar with the series you'll solve them almost instantly.2. There's still no ""maybe"" flag, so any ""what if"" analysis you do has to be in your head or on paper, and with the complexity of some of the puzzles, this is an ever bigger problem here than it was in the earlier games int he series.Fully recommend."
,Recommended,304410,34105260,Posted: 8 August,all,沒有坦克的砲台,"The level generating algorithm really adds a lot of replayability to the game, even though the generated levels are mostly much easier than latter normal levels."
76561198326023938,Recommended,304410,34271462,Posted: 16 August,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),mine sweeper in hex formation - test your logic - get it perfect - it CAN be done - great little game to get your grey cells working - very chilled relaxing but so rewarding when you click the final piece on a perfect run - also not so hard to 100% the game reccomend for achi hunters and minesweeper fans big time - the inclusion of the level generator make it an endless game
,Recommended,304410,34428795,Posted: 22 August,all,JohnRuth7528,"Even more Hexcells if you enjoy the concept. The novelty of this game is the incorporation of some QoL features that imo should be implemented in the previous two games too (Game saves your progress when you exit a puzzle, grey colour grid for expandable mines etc). The difficulty curve is good but it ramps up a bit after the first half of world 5."
76561197989896740,Recommended,304410,34344159,Posted: 18 August,all,Danilo,Oh... it's been love.(Seriously. Watch some gameplay videos and then decide if it's for you as well. The concept is pretty clear and the difficulty is stimulating and increasing over the levels.)
76561197988422693,Recommended,304410,34721859,Posted: 3 September,all,Raggot,"Very relaxing and charming. Quite challenging, even for a passionate minesweeper, but every 'stuck' situation has a logical way out. I wish to give an enormous praise for the algorithms employed in the making of the seeded levels, because there seems to be a guaranteed solution to each puzzle that does not involve luck. All those people complaining about the opposite just didn't think enough."
76561198362734023,Recommended,304410,34699229,Posted: 2 September,all,Et3N,Hexcells and Hexcells Plus are both nice but overall lack a significant challenge. Hexcells Infinite significantly ramps up the difficulty while still being beatable. Very solid puzzle game.
76561198256724482,Recommended,304410,34901409,Posted: 12 September,all,stardustarrows,this game has ruined my sleep schedule like nothing else.
76561198094429659,Recommended,304410,26920213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LOLman £45.67p,Like minesweeper but with soothing music and puzzles that don't need guesswork to solve.Basically better than minesweeper.
,Not Recommended,304410,35261317,Posted: 28 September,all,minolee,"I am really annoyed that a single mistake makes me restart. I forgot how many times I restarted. That big puzzles, such as 6-5 should have more opportunity.I think game itself is well made, but thatannoyingperfectionist should be fixed."
,Recommended,304410,34987188,Posted: 15 September,all,archcorenth,"I got the Hexcells together in a bundle. I recommend skipping the earlier games in the series and starting with this one.  They were much too easy, but this had a few head scratchers.  Pleasing presentation as always.  The only negative thing is that the infinite mode is rather pointless.  Puzzles with so many clues you'll have it figured out faster than you can click the mouse."
,Recommended,304410,35073124,Posted: 19 September,all,Long Live The Drool Cat,"Hexcells ifinite is an addictive, fun, challenging, and relaxing puzzle game. It has the most difficult puzzles of the Hexcells games, but unlike the others, has a puzzle generator capable of creating millions of unique puzzles to enjoy. The replayability is very nice. If you're only going to buy one Hexcells game, this is the one, but I would definitely recommend them all."
76561198255358820,Recommended,304410,35095066,Posted: 20 September,all,Da Obergrattla,Very entertaining and quite challenging game!
76561198064937939,Recommended,304410,35361139,Posted: 30 September,all,Typicaltofu,"I've played over 200 puzzles and I continue to enjoy the random puzzle generator. If I'm on hold on the phone, or just looking for a nice way to pass 5 minutes Hexcells is my go-to."
