user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,304430,32827904,Posted: 26 June,all,Happyface4567,"An amazing game that builds on what madeLIMBOgreatSummary at the end - for the easily persuadedOverall Impression:INSIDEis another great game fromPlaydead. While it has no direct connection toLIMBOexcept that it comes from the same studio, you immediately get the sense that this game is based onLIMBO. The fluidity of your character´s movement, the subte yet beautiful background and the sounds that match the action perfectly - all these staples ofLIMBOare artistically reinvigorated inINSIDE.Without spoiling anything,INSIDEhas a creepy atmosphere that is complemented by simplistic, yet stunning visuals and sounds that give an eerie feeling. Storywise, it leaves almost everything up to interpretation, which I percieve to be a good thing because it doesn´t spoon feed you. There is no notable dialogue. No tutorial. No help. You´re thrown into the game without even so much as a main menu. And that´s great because it´s unique.However, this game does have some cons, as any indie game does (otherwise it would be mainstream). It is fairly short - at a relaxed pace, I played it through in four hours. For the price of €11.99 (-40% on sale), thats more money per hour than most other games. Especially when we consider that there is a lack of replayability in this game - once you´ve played it you know the solutions to the puzzles and can (maybe) come back to it a few months, if not years, later. But if, like me, you don´t measure games by cost per hour but rather by entertainment value, you´ll be impressed. That said, I do recommend gettingINSIDEon sale rather than full price, or waiting for the price to drop over time, because €20 is pretty steep.Another negative is the ending.MINOR SPOILER AHEADIn my opinion, the ending is pretty unsatisfying and leaves a lot of questions unanswered.It leaves much up to imagination, which could be considered a good thing as I said before, but in the case of the ending it lacks clarity.Pros:Simplistic yet stunning visualsFiiting, creepy soundsAtmosphere of uncertainty that inspires player´s imaginationAppeals wonderfully toLIMBOfansYou aren´t spoon-fedCons:High price per hour (if purchased at €20 and not on sale)Lack of replayabilityEnding - see minor spoiler aboveSummaryINSIDEis an indie game with beauty and is artistically executed. While it lacks replay incentification or price value (at the current €20), it doesn´t spoon-feed you and instead inspires your imagination. If you likedLIMBO, you´ll love this.Final verdict:8.5/10- Buy on sale or after price drops"
,Recommended,304430,28217316,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 9.3 / 10Quality10/10High quality indie gamePerformance10/10Flawless; Low system requirements; No bugs/crashesUtility10/10Auto-save; Linux, Mac & cloud save supportedControls10/10Intuitive, simple and precise controls; Full pad supportGameplay8.5/10A 2.5D puzzle platformer with focus on atmosphereChallenge8/10Fair for both beginners & experts; Most secrets are well hiddenContent7/10~4h + 1h with secrets; worth replaying for the story/atmosphereDiversity9/10Level layouts differ a lot and puzzles are rich in varietyImmersion10/10Very mysterious atmosphere, without lean periods or fillersDesign9.5/10A consistently entertaining game and an artistic masterpieceVisuals10/10A perfect example that a great game doesn't need high-end graphicsSound10/10The SFX sound very realistic; nice OST; No dialogue fits the designTextsN/AThis game doesn't have texts at all, but they are never missedMapping9/10Nice level design concerning both layout and gameplayInterface9/10Remarkably good loading menu (nearly every scene); No HUD neededAdditional Notes:Gamepad highly recommended!Too pricey for the short playtime? Wait for a sale!Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDIf you liked this review check out myarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,304430,32915349,Posted: 27 June,all,SpartaN,"9.4/10* First of all, I strongly recommend INSIDE for people who would like to experience a very atmospheric and meaningful designed game. INSIDE is all about paying attention to all kind of details and events that you will encounter during the journey in the game.- The sound effects and well designed graphics perfectly fit the general dark atmosphere of INSIDE.- There are no instructions, no explanations, no story telling, no dialogues and absolutly lots of meanings in this game. It's not just about puzzles and getting yourself to the next step, if you pay attention to whatever happens around you; the sounds, voices, movements, light affects and the ideas, you will actually know that INSIDE has a very deep meanings.* I enjoyed INSIDE although it's a short game that took me nearly 5 hours to 100% finish the game along with its achivements, taking into concediration that I normally had to repeat some parts where I died few times before solving the puzzle and moving on.* For me I got INSIDE on the Summer Sale 2017, and I recommend buying the game on sale.PLEASE NOTE: The coming parts, along with my screenshots includes spoilers !!SPOILER ALLERTAfter completing the game, you might start wondering about what does all of this mess means. Well it differs from one player to another but for me I think that INSIDE is all about mind manipulating and enslaving poor and weak people. That can go as a general idea, but for the idea that is a little bit more obvious, the main character of INSIDE is this little boy who came from the poor or similarly, the low class of people. somehow this little boy managed to escape and not being captured by the scouters who appears at the beginning of the game. these scouters work for a huge orgnization that targets the low class people of the society as they are considered as worthless creatures regardless their role in the society, capturing them and using them as lab rats under the supervision of the company's or orgnization's scientists. Performing new tests and experiments directly on these enslaved people which will lead into so many mutations and transformations. One experiment after another (The Company) have reached to a point in where they can control the minds of the enslaved ones which will result in controlling their actions. This is the new trade that gains the capitalists huge profits by offering this mind control to the high class people of the world so they can use the enslaved mind controlled people as machines at their service.Back to the little boy, as I mentioned he managed to escape from being captured by the scouters, and then he tries to find his way out of all of this. But, on the way his concepts changed as he experienced the role of the mind controller. Now, he aims to free out all of the other people who have been captured and been put and used in the experiements of The Company. During this journey some concepts can be noticed as they describe the little boy's thoughts changing such as: the little tiny chicks at the beginning of the game, if you pay attention, after blowing them towards the box none of them dies yet one of them starts to walk slower than others and apperantly seems weaker. The mind whipped bodies that the little boy controls using the mind controling helmet are another example; in the part of the game where you need to gather 19 of them to open the huge metal door, you can realize that the last one of them is a dead body. And the other group of the mind whipped or controlled people who provides help in the elevator, you can actually realize that this group includes individuals that lost an arm, a leg or even a head. All of these details are pointing to one direction: the change of heart and mind of the little boy.How? the little boy now knows that working in a group and for the benefit of the majority, a sacrifice is a must. The little chick, the dead one and the lost organs ! as he reaches the big dome that he knows later on that it is actually a big tank, he manages to dive in and be close to a big, sticky, organic blob that is made of organs and people, body parts, legs, arms and even heads ! all in one big strange manipulated formation ! these are the people of his class in this society, could be his friends, or even family ! so he now believes that he must sacrifice him self for the benefit of the majority as he tries to unplug the mind controlling healmets he gets sucked into the blob and then try to lead it to its freedom and its way out of this place. The blob causes chaeos and huge losses inside The Company while on its way out and finally rests on a shore with some sun light away from The Company... The little boy managed to save the currently captured people, but who knows what rich and powerful people can do again !At the end thats my opinion, and as I said other people may have different thoughts about all of this.The game is amazing and worth buying it."
76561198070044538,Recommended,304430,24180223,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Samumu,Stop playing outside and go play inside.
76561198094221272,Recommended,304430,30363838,Posted: 6 March,all,drake31,"Disturbed. Speechless. Wholeheartedly in awe.That's how I'm feeling after full playtrough.It was few years back, when I began depressing journey withLimbo. Back then it was for me much more discouraging because of the puzzles, that my brain just couldn't handle; but I was in Love with the tone, visualisation, and playing it - until I reached the end - and to this day,Limbois game that I will, with pleasure, recommend till the end of time.After five long yearsPlaydeadcame up with their second tittle -INSIDE.Let me tell you right away - waiting this long was worth it!INSIDEis showcase what someones devotion to games, great artistic vision, trust in player base and brilliant mind can come up with, in this crowded gaming world.From start it wasn't for me possible to look at this game, and be bored, or be disinterested; because with every frame comes new thing to discover.I was trying to keep away from spoilers, as much as I could. I succeeded.You playing as little kid; running from people, beasts; timing your jumps so you wouldn't end as splatter in dark alley, and being careful while swimming in the dark; trying to grasp control over you life, and life of others. You run forward where mystery of this world is hiding, and along the way figure out your purpose in this dark and twisted story.What is happening here is disturbing, weird, confusing, and if the ending won't leave you with sense of ""What the F*, just happened!"", I seriously don't know what will.This story works perfectly, and when credits starts to roll, that is the point where your interest will spike even higher, cause you want to know more ... also there is alternative ending, which digs even deeper.Story (despite how much I enjoyed it) is sidetracked by astonishing visuals and overall aesthetics.INSIDElooks spectacular.Foreground and background seamlessly coming together at the center where the action lies. Work with lighting and shadow in just incredible, and the level of detail that is made because of this, is just top level.Everything on screen is set as indented, just to give us this eerie feeling, sense of hopelessness and misfortune behind every corner.When you add to this mix great ambience sound, with on point sound design - result should leave you entirely at awe.Controls are smooth, and on point. I didn't experience any issues whatsoever while playing with controller.My biggest fear were puzzles. AfterLimbo, I was really cautious. Why? Let's just say, there were moments I rage quit a lot. Not withINSIDE. Yes, I admit, there were few instances of me getting annoyed and discouraged, but if it was up to five times I'm already exaggerating. So on this front, I was satisfied with myself that I could get thru, with only smallest possible help of guides (just a couple - I swear to God, I don't believe in). Also it was so satisfying for me, to pat my own back for job well done, when I figured something out (yes, I'm one of those people - dumb).I won't shy away from statement, thatINSIDEcould easily be pinnacle of gaming in my personal experience.This is art that should be celebrated by playing it, and afterwards recommended it to others, so they can too experience this game. I agree; story might not suit everyone (ending is probably even worse in this manner), but from technical stand point and playability this comes to very top.Thank youPlaydeadfor this game,and whoever you are reading this, and still didn't playINSIDEjust do it!Grade:A+"
,Recommended,304430,24175746,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nickervision,"Inside is a really great game and I don't really want to give anything away with a review, so I will just summarize;-The graphics and sound are just stunningly well done-The gameplay is smooth, fun and controls great-It builds an excellent atmosphere with uniquely eery storytelling-Has puzzles and mechanics that are clever while not becoming tiresomeThere are some totally unique things about this game that you will want to have experienced yourself, It's really something amazing. I highly recommend.Easily one of my favorite gaming experiences of all time. Great job developers. :)"
,Recommended,304430,24244495,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,username,"I see people complaining how short this game is. Personally, I'd rather play 3-5 hours of perfection than 50+ of repetitive, unoriginal crap.The atmosphere and design are like nothing I've ever seen in a platform styled game. To be honest, you're doing INSIDE a disservice by considering it a platformer. The puzzles are challenging, yet not frustrating, and the ending leaves you with chills. TIP: (minor spoiler)Make sure you collect all of the orbs for the secret ending.This game is a genuine masterpiece."
,Recommended,304430,24201799,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Well, its obvious where theLimbodeveloper's have been putting in their time.INSIDEis brimming with atmosphere, feelings, and attention to detail. I mean it doesn't take more than 10 minute to see how meticulously hand-crafted and polished this title is. The only question in my mind, really, is if its worth the debatably steep asking price. For me? Oh sure, you bet. You aren't going to get 20 hours (likely closer to 3-5), but damn, you will get an experience. While I enjoyedLimbo, I thoughtINSIDEwas overall much better.Essentially, this is a walking/experience simulator with medium-level puzzles.And I don't mean 'walking simulator' in a derogatory way - its great fun. I should note that this game is rather dark, triggering some moderate level anxiety at moments. Definately scary at times, too.Pros:+Definately some of the most attention-to-details I've seen in a game. What points it loses for overall length, it definately gains in being one of the highest of quality experiences.+Sounds and music are outstanding.+Thefeelingsare real, with this one. You will definatley go through a range of emotions.+'Storyline' is quite original, albeit abstract. Don't expect to walk away understanding everything.+Thankfully, the puzzles aren't super difficult. This is more focused on the experience, which I appreciated.+The scope of the rooms and areas were just magnificient.+Controller support is great.Cons:-Definately expensive, although they arguably earned their money. The devil is in the details. Those animations are obviously all custom.-Some moments verged on being too anxiety ridden/scary for me. Thankfully I pushed through and it worked out well, though.-While there was a range of environments, I would have liked to see less 'Portal factory' and more perhaps outside. Its fine, and I'm being slightly picky, but there it is.For any indie game enthusiast, this is a must have.Now with that being said, I'm sure if you wait, it will be on a half-price sale sooner than later. Either way, make sure you play through this game some time in 2016."
76561198258728302,Recommended,304430,32305414,Posted: 9 June,all,Wery Dangerouest Killer2005,"If you want to feel youself inside the game, this is the right game to have.Headphones on, dark room, and chill.  One of the best game experiences I've had.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24223340,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,f0rce#,"How to play1 - Get your popcorn salt / butter.2 - Get your iced tea / sodas.3 - Turn off the lights for a movie-like environment.4 - Wear your headphones & turn up the volume.5 - Forget about your popcorn / iced tea / soda  , and enjoy this amazing movie-like game.10/10 would forget about my popcorn / iced tea again."
,Recommended,304430,33097698,Posted: 1 July,all,R.B.,"6 years in development, 5 hours of gameplay, 0 lines of story, 1 hell of a game...∞ reasons to play"
,Recommended,304430,31814822,Posted: 17 May,all,Innocent Gun,"INSIDE was a damn amazing game and I 100% recommend it to anyone who likes puzzles, dark atmospheres, and morbid, unexpected turns. Although I myself prefer 3D open world-ish games, I didn't feel at all restricted in this ""2.5D"" game. It was done so well that you barely even realize you're in a 2D game. Game mechanics are also very simple yet effective.However, because this game is so good and the story is so powerful, it's the kind of game that you can only really play once. Maybe twice to get all the achievements (and to see the alternate ending which by the way is just as dark and unexpected as the regular ending), but any more than that and the game just doesn't have the same effect because you already know what's to come.It's well worth the money though, even just to play it once. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,304430,24164753,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,?JIMMY?,"It took Playdead 6 years to make a game that can be completed in 3 hours but after playing I can see why it took them that long. Some of the best puzzle design I have ever seen in a platformer, rounded up with that sense of mystery and amazing sound design that Playdead is known for with their first game, Limbo.Speaking of, whereas in Limbo the game was focused on trial&error death traps, Inside has a more elaborate puzzle design where only rarely do you feel like you died or failed a sequence because the game was holding a crucial piece from you. Therefore comparisons to the former game should be made carefully, Inside is a much more invested platformer. It's an experience that I'll never forget and that I can't really talk about in detail because it is best seen for yourself. Inside is more than the sum of its parts."
76561198140351695,Recommended,304430,24711511,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Blainos,"This game is a bad dream.I don't know about you, but my nightmares don't really have jumpscares. They don't have a lot of visual/graphic gore and blood. So for me, traditional horror games, which abundantly exploit the previously mentioned mechanics, don't really capture the feeling of being in a bad dream. Which is fine. That's not always the goal of a horror game.My bad dreams often are filled with the feeling of being somewhere that I shouldn't be. The feeling of being chased. The feeling of helplessness. Being surrounding by a creepy, foreign atmosphere.That's what this game feels like. There aren't really any jumpscares or graphic gory scenes or anything like that. It just feels like you're a kid that really wants to wake up, but you can't."
76561198087059496,Recommended,304430,24235286,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Stitches,"Don't know why people say that hours in the videogame count towards the cost. Sure its 2-3 hours long, but that for me just makes me crave more of the game. Games shouldn't be based on hours played, but around the experience you had. I loved this game, everything seemed intentional. I would rather have a short amazing experience than a barebones, stretched out, boring experience, with just more gameplay. This game deserves more than very good, it deserves Overwhemingly Positive."
,Recommended,304430,32774660,Posted: 25 June,all,Chronomyth,This game is beautiful in a weird way and I'm into it.
,Recommended,304430,24223148,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,{And Super Creeps),"Here's a play-by-play of my time with this game""Where am I? Who am I?What's going on?What's that?Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh ♥♥♥♥.Wait what?There's a lot of ♥♥♥♥ing dogs.Am I done with the dogs?God dammit these ♥♥♥♥ing dogs.I think I'm done with the dogs.Wow, it's wet down here.God, I'm so moist. Because it's wet.Oh sweet.This is cool.Wait what?Oh ♥♥♥♥ no.NONOPLEASEIs it over?♥♥♥♥Is it over?GOD DAMNIs it over?JESUS JUST MAKE IT STOPWait, what?What?What the hell?Okay, this is weird but pretty cool.Wait, what?What's going on?Wait what?Oh God, what?I'm naked, I don't like this.Oh no, I don't want to look at that.Wait whatWait WHATWHATWOAAAAHWOAAAAAAAHHHHWOAHWOWWOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHwoahohoh?I guess it's done.Nice.""UPDATE FOR SECRET ENDING: Continued from step 8Wow, Corn.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bet they didn't think I'd find this but I didHere's the thing... up, up... uhhh, what was it again?Wow this is a tight hole, but I've been in tighter IF YOU CATCH MY DRIFTNice end of the world bunkerTime to pull the plug on this operationOh no, did I screw up?Oh waitHold on a ticOh WOAH, I get it!That's it, It's done. Go Home."
,Recommended,304430,24225597,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BRUXXUS,"This is, by far, one of the most intense gaming experiences I've ever had. Not intense as in action packed, or scary, more in that it gives you a feeling of despair, dread, and uneasy curiosity. The animation, mechanics, and pacing are about as close to perfect as you'll find.The puzzles are woven into the world like they're meant to be there, not just as an added puzzle to an adventure game. There's also a ton of secrets for those that like to explore.This is one of those experiences gives you ineffable feelings that you won't ever have from anything else.Every frame is a work of art. A beautiful, and extremely disturbing work of art.Absolutely worth every penny at full price."
76561198041513300,Recommended,304430,30473290,Posted: 12 March,all,Gates Of Valhalla,Brilliant game.Playing at night in darkness with headphones extremely recommended.
,Recommended,304430,28158267,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,DEZi GaYSeNBerG,Inside is for sure a work of art before considering it as a gameOne of the most unique and strange expreinces i've ever had in a game...
,Recommended,304430,28427566,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gatsu,"Inside is amazing. It's a pretty short one, but the graphic style, sounds, atmosphere are all really good. Gameplay is pretty simple, going from left to right most of the time and you have a lot of clever puzzles to solve, while admiring the beautiful areas you go through. It's a mysterious journey and the ending is also cool, not what I expected.Hella recommended :)."
,Recommended,304430,33141560,Posted: 2 July,all,nogoodreason,Manages to tell a gripping story without a single word.Tip: follow yellow power lines.
,Recommended,304430,27256492,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"Video Review:https://youtu.be/d34IbLt9ldAThis is one of those games that... wow. When you think of ""games as art"" this is definitely one that should be on the list: the change between cramped claustrophobic quarters to expansive rooms, the simple art style that can convey so much information, the fluidity of movement of every character, and most importantly the way it can tell such a deep story with such basic elements.A very deep, very confusing story. Seriously, even if I wanted to write a spoiler review there is no way I could do that. This game is… it’s messed up.You play a nameless faceless boy running through the forest, hiding behind stumps while trying to avoid a search party out looking for him. It’s shocking from jump because there are a bunch of dudes, armed with rifles that fire tranq darts and hey real bullets because why not, and attack dogs. Clearly something is up with this kid. The weird part is, that he’s not trying to get away – he’s trying to break INSIDE this facility. Get it? I think that’s the point right? But really WHO KNOWS BECAUSE GAH WHAT JUST HAPPENED??Immediately you are pushed into this expansive complex after breaking through their walls, barbed wire, and attack pigs. Yeah you heard me. This is not the weirdest thing you are going to experience, so just hold the hell on.Inside the buildings you run into more guards, more dogs, weird creatures, mind control, telepathy, submarines, and… let’s just say that they clearly consulted David Cronenberg for certain levels. I mean… Jesus.This is a horror game in the sense of the movies Se7en and Misery. The fear is from the story, from the environment, from the ambience that the whole thing provides. The suspense is not knowing what the hell is coming next, but also not being able to stop playing. There are no jump scares, no slavering beats… the fear is simply the unknown. The grey washed out color scheme, but featuring a little kid in a red shirt. The faceless adults going about their business, lining people up and loading them into cages.The light, as it grows dim the deeper you dive into the murky waters, until there is simply nothing left but your faint silhouette.Ultimately the game conveys the story of a boy who is completely, inextricably alone but is pushed further and further into this weird… Aperture Science type place.Rating: Stayed up 2 out 5 five hours past bed time. One of those lying awake in the dark, staring at the ceiling, filled with creeping existential dread.Go play this right now.Full review and more atbasedgamer.com/@Morlock"
76561198035780493,Recommended,304430,30935647,Posted: 3 April,all,The Fuzz,A lonely and terrifying journey that will disturb you to the core. The amount of effort gone into the atmosphere and environment design makes this game a true masterpiece. The perfect successor to Playdead's previous game LIMBO.
,Recommended,304430,28680712,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,stubar,"I played the demo of INSIDE initially and was immediately astounded at how atmospheric the game was.  This was after playing only a few minutes of gameplay.The graphical style is dark throughout but well-defined and moves along really smoothly.  The animations are truly amazing and the sound effects perfectly complement the graphics style.  It's worth turning up the volume, especially low frequencies!!  Later on in the game they make for an awe inspiring experience.What I really love about INSIDE is the design of the game.  So many ""Puzzle Platformers"" try to increase apparent content by using puzzles requiring repetition or forcing the player to revisit earlier areas.  There is none of that in INSIDE.  The game evolves nicely into unique undefined sections, the gameplay never becomes stale or repetitive.Some may say the downside of this is a fairly short completion time, it should take around three hours or so.  I'd MUCH prefer to have three+ hours of quality, non-repetitive, intriguing gameplay than rehashed puzzles/zone/etc padding it out into six or seven hours of frustrating boredom!I've had the game only a few days and nearly completed a second playthrough.  It's such an enjoyable experience to replay, this is the genius of the design.The puzzles aren't pitched at a high difficulty level, they're just right to be enjoyable and not to have to resort to searching the interweb for solutions.The game never explains itself, I really enjoy this ambiguity.  When the game ended, I felt it was right.  It feels like a work of art, not just due to how it presents itself visually but the emotion it leaves you with at the end.This could possibly be my GOTY 2016.  I need more time for everything to really sink in.  It is though, without doubt a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,304430,24287322,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Stokes,"A very well done, but very short 2d puzzle platformer. As short as it is, I feel as I got my money's worth and the extended period of time the makers of Limbo took to perfect this game was not time wasted.  The story behind it all is strange, fascinating, connects itself to Limbo in some ways, and ends spectacularly.  I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,304430,24265486,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Pancakes,What I would give to be able to experience this for the first time again.
,Recommended,304430,24249975,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,HUAMN,"INSIDE TheoryThe boy thinks he's in control, because he can control the zombies.The hive thinks it's in control, because it can control the boy.The scientists think they are in control, because they can control the hive.You think you are in control, because you can control the game.INSIDE controls the game, because it can control you.Video game freedom is an illusion.Stolen from some guy called Keith in the Youtube comments..."
76561198005772688,Recommended,304430,24168827,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beast of the East DC United,"The less you know about this game the better. I'll keep it simple; for any fan of platformer genre, this is master class. Well done PlayDead, this game is a masterpiece of the genre."
,Recommended,304430,24243736,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DAGGS,"Having just finished the game at 100% I can say that it is really a masterpiece, the ambience, the graphics, the sound, all the boy's animations are increible, it really makes you feel the urgency in what you're doing.The puzzles are easier than in LIMBO, but still fun.If you liked LIMBO, this feel like the evolution of that kind of storytelling.If you don't get stuck, the game lasts for about 2 hours on the first playthrough, it will take you 6 or 7 if you want to discover all the secrets. So if you think that's too little, wait for a sale, but if you do, you're risking for people to tell you about the ending... So it's your loss.I really enjoyed every second of it. So to me it was worth the price."
,Recommended,304430,24196965,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Emperor Gandhi,"Phew, Inside is quite an... experience.Is it as good as people are saying it is? Yes and no. Yes, it deserves high praise and it's truly an incredible game. But no, it isn't the ""second coming of Christ"" of the video game world. It's a game that I enjoyed greatly, but it's not for everyone.GraphicsOkay, let's get this out of the way. Inside is absolutely GORGEOUS. Although one could argue that it's drab/dull, this was intended and it was executed really well in my eyes. When you add the really clever camera angles, you have one of the prettiest games that 2016 has to offer. However, I do have one complaint, and that being that sometimes I had trouble distinguishing things that were important to the puzzle or whatever from random things in the background. It got annoying in some cases, but luckily it doesn't take much away from the overall experience.GameplayAn interesting bit to Inside is that it doesn't use one gimmick throughout the game, for example Undertale's mercy option and Superhot's ""time only moving when you move"" mechanic. Instead, Inside has different ways to solve puzzles, and once you think you know all of the tricks to puzzles, something new is thrown your way. It may seem annoying, but it actually worked really well here. Everything felt fresh and interesting, not to mention that the controls are very tight. It all adds up for a great time in the gameplay department.StoryWhile most aspects to the game are very high quality, this and the audio are probably the best things to Inside. The story to Inside is fascinating and will keep you interested from start to finish, while also keeping you on the edge of your seat. I don't want to say much about it, however, because Inside is a game you need to experience yourself.AudioAs I said, this and the story are the two best things to Inside. The music fits very well when it plays, but where the audio truly shines is the sound effects and ambience. It makes everything so much more thrilling and creepy, and I love it. I think it's a fair argument that Inside has some of the best use of sound in a video game to date, because it's one of the reasons why I love the game.ReplayabilityUnfortunately, this is where Inside isn't so strong. There isn't much replayability to be had aside from a few ""things"" that are best left to be discovered for yourself, but the game itself lasts about 3-4 hours for a normal run, But that being said, the impact this game could have you could be significant and it might be embedded in your memory for quite a while. This game is definitely capable of such a thing.VerdictAs I said, Inside is an incredible game that you should experience, but note that it isn't the second coming of Christ, nor will it appeal to everyone. That being said, if this game even at least remotely interests you, then I say go and buy it. You won't regret it.Graphics- 9/10Gameplay- 9/10Story- 10/10Audio- 10/10Replayability- 4/10.:9.3/10:.""Amazing""+Outstanding use of audio and atmosphere+Gorgeous graphics+Thrilling story from start to finish+Constantly adds new gameplay elements+Great camerawork-Can be hard to distinguish items from one another-Lacks replayability"
76561197993937738,Recommended,304430,35157284,Posted: 23 September,all,Elio,"This game is just... PERFECTION !It's very rare that I write something like that but the fact is, this game is a masterpiece !Great gameplay, the traps are simple and complicated at the same time, the global design is a piece of art as the sound design very well done !What can we expect more than a perfect and genuine game, challenging it with a real pleasure from his beginning to his end !?OK, the awards don't match here and there is something to do for resolve it but this game is NEVER annoying !Enjoy and have some good time on it ! ;-)"
,Recommended,304430,27346680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,a2fast,This game has amazing ideas with puzzles. I hope to win best game this year 2016. Recommended to anyone like challenge
76561198080594024,Recommended,304430,30327047,Posted: 4 March,all,coffeechrist4,Please keep making games.
,Recommended,304430,29564123,Posted: 29 January,all,ChrisLeeNeal,"As usual, PlayDead can do no wrong. Their second game, ever (their first was LIMBO--another awesomely magnificent and fun game), INSIDE features a young boy on a dark night, trying to escape a world in which you know something has gone seriously wrong in, but don't quite know what yet. Getting piece by piece as to what happened as you go along, you follow the lad in a game with delightful, clever puzzles, awesome graphics with the best attention to even the littlest detail, graphic, morbid, and real scenes of what one must do sometimes...to survive......or the grim truth of what may happen if you get caught.A true masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,304430,27257613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Radau,"If you loved Limbo, you'll love Inside too. Try the demo."
,Recommended,304430,28069404,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skexer,"PresentationPutting Inside into words is difficult. Not because I can’t describe it but because it needs to be experienced firsthand to truly appreciate the game without having it spoiled.Inside starts in a familiar way, upon starting the game you are dropped right into the dark world of Inside. Taking control of a nameless boy caught in a dark hostile world that is out to kill him. Sounds like Limbo does it not?--------------------------------------------------------------GameplayLike its predecessor Limbo, Inside is a straight forward 2D puzzle platformer with seamlessly incorporated environmental traps and challenges. They flow perfectly into the game that is free of any immersion breaking cut scenes. While Interaction with the game is bound to control of the boy, this time around we are treated to some colors in a 2.5d view.The puzzles are cleverly incorporated into the world. The interaction with the environment is limited to, running, climbing, pushing and pulling but amazing things have been achieved with these mechanics. From simpler traversal of objects to controlling a a little water sub-marine and more complicated control of machinery. They never interrupt the narrative or feel forced into the game, a welcomed evolution from its older brother, Limbo.Inside does have more colour, offering a more realistic approach than Limbo but the game remains dark, giving the entire thing a bleak look. The brighter back drops stand out and contrast with a world mostly overcast by decay and destruction. Abandoned buildings, dark forests, deep, murky waters. There’s a beauty in this visual style so dystopian and gloomy, it lends itself well to the rest of the games ambience.In a similar fashion, the audio is unique in style. Harrowing, flashes of music underscoring the distinct sounds of gushing rain, loud machinery, or running footsteps or the crushing of bones and flesh...StorySimilar to Limbo there is something more to the troubles of traversing the puzzles in the boys path.  Because Inside runs into a much deeper, disturbing territory. The narrative is implicit, the story is fed to the player through environmental details. The protagonist is apparently on the run but the world and its inhabitants are unforgiving and take no mercy on the fragile little boy, dropped all alone into a hostile place. A society has enslaved people and is using them against their will- the boy slowly uncovers the extent of this- I don't want to spoil any more.What makes Inside so special is that a deep, mysterious undertone, something indescribable permeates the atmosphere of the game. As you traverse deeper into this nightmarish adventure you slip inside to uncover a darker secret than you initially expected to find. Why are the people being controlled, who are you running from? What lies inside?--------------------------------------------------------------PROS:Uncompromising atmosphereCleverly incorporated puzzlesPuzzles are diverse, not repetitive or frustratingFlawless, clean 2.5D visualsTop notch sound and musicAchievements as an extra reward--------------------------------------------------------------CONS:Game length, to whom it matters; Inside can be finished in 5 hrs if you're in a hurry(Much less of a problem than Limbo) A few unforgiving trial and error puzzlesNo graphics or resolution settings--------------------------------------------------------------ConclusionInside is a must have for anybody that enjoyed Limbo. Even those that felt disappointed by Limbo will find an augmented and improved experience that doesn’t lose focus or frustrates the player. Inside improves upon every aspect of its older brother. Improved visuals and narrative, sound design, enemies and puzzles. It is an intelligent adventure with gloomy visuals and a powerful dark atmosphere of a haunting world.--------------------------------------------------------------A thrilling adventure, stay inside and enjoy this game!Get it especially while it's on sale!9.5/10"
76561198065129276,Recommended,304430,33142784,Posted: 2 July,all,bokehtech,"I cannot recommend this dark, very atmospheric puzzle platformer highly enough. Its definitely not for everyone - the tone is dark throughout and positively black in the third act. But if you liked Limbo you should definitely check it out. It's a beautiful work of dark, twisted, insane genius10/10 would not recommend to my grandmother..."
,Not Recommended,304430,24188076,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,gammadust,"There is no denying the art, style and overall flow of the game are great. However, after completion I was left...both awed and more disapointed than I can remember in recent memory. An overwhelming feeling of ""thats it?"" permeated everything I felt after. Its not that I don't ""get it"" or even appreciate the deeper meanings hidden in the game. It is just...really...that is it? This along with a fairly high price point make it so I can't reccomend it right now. It would make a decent 10$ or less purchase...but even after that be aware that it will just...end...and you may be left feeling like I did."
76561197975833318,Recommended,304430,24176452,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ReyG,"Moody, dark, atmospheric and sometimes downright creepy.  Nice graphics and simple gameplay and lots of little puzzles thrown in.  Semi-challenging but not too much.  The game only lasts about 4 hours if you are a little slow with some of the puzzles.  The game is a little too short in my opinion.  I would recommend waiting for a sale.  Nice design though."
,Recommended,304430,24302564,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ALoyalRoyal,"I will try and keep this short, because truthfully half the fun of Inside is knowing next to nothing about it. You play as an unnamed, faceless character probably best just called “Boy,” who is on the run in some sort of weird dystopian industrial hellscape where he’s pursued by men with hunting dogs. The goal is to avoid death or capture, and though there isn’t a “story” per se, you will be introduced to an exceedingly bizarre world full of monsters both friendly and hostile.For me Inside stands out because it's platforming gameplay make use of the basics and lets just say it makes use of them amazingly. It’s pretty simple, really. You run and you jump, you pull levers and open doors, you push crates and swing on chains. Sometimes, the game introduces specific mechanics, like where you have uh, “allies” that assist you with certain tasks, and there’s even a vehicle segment. But there’s no overriding gimmick, nor does your character level up or gain new abilities.The puzzles are difficult enough to be interesting, but simple enough not to be frustrating. Some of my favorite segments included the use of “allies” to complete tasks, and I also really enjoyed outsmarting enemies that are out to kill you.The game’s core appeal is probably not in its mechanics, but its art style and atmosphere, which creates haunting, sprawling areas which bring life to this strange but wonderful world. You, as “Boy,” will meet some violent ends, however. I was ripped apart by dogs, strangled by guards, blown into pieces by sonic blasts and shredded by underwater fans to the point where I could see my 2D intestines streaming out of my body. So in short, watch out.The ending sequence is one of the most wonderfully bizarre things I’ve ever seen in a game, and to say any more would be a crime, as it’s just something you have to experience for yourself.The game is very short. I beat it in just under four hours but I probably could have done it in less time had a few puzzles not tripped me up for extended periods of time. And while I like the sense of mystery that surrounds the world of the game, I would have liked a few more clues as to what on earth was going on in this world, but the game offers you exactly nothing which adds to the overally mystery of the game. I suppose that’s its own sort of fun and part of the concept’s appeal.So to conclude Inside is an incredible game, a compelling artistic achievement that deserves your time no matter what genre of game you would normally play or prefer. I wish there was a little bit more to it, but between the gameplay, the animation and the atmosphere, it’s enough to be a worthwhile experience. Playdead have earned my attention, and they should have yours too."
,Recommended,304430,28083263,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Muzlu Süt,"I don't think I'll have nice and happy dreams after this..Not anymore.. Not even ""normal"" ones..Most WTF game I've ever played. 10/10December 2016 Edit :Inside won ""Best Art Direction"" and ""Best Independent Game"" Awards in The Game Awards 2016Very well deserved indeed."
,Not Recommended,304430,30466681,Posted: 12 March,all,Eindigen,"INSIDE is a visual masterpiece with subpar gameplay that doesn't justify its price tag.== VisualsAesthetically, this game is gorgeous. The minimalist design sets the tone, leaving your imagination to fill in the details of the world. The animations are equally beautiful and drive the ""realism"" (note the quotations) aspect of the game home. There's a surprising amount of atmosphere created from the art style which is where this game truly shines.== The StoryThe first 15 minutes start out very promising. The player is immediately thrown into this dystopian world with only visual cues to make sense of the environment. Most of the game is spent devoid of story elements, however, which leaves the game feeling like an unfinished experiment rather than a quaint experience. In a game that clocks in at less than 3 hours of playtime, the experience could have been condensed even further and still driven the point home.== The PuzzlesThe first few puzzles provided a brilliant glimpse at the creativity and organic blend of visual narrative and gameplay. This also helps showcase the beautiful animations and physics, all of which are great. But as the game progresses (and by progresses, I mean about 15-30 minutes from the beginning), the puzzles become tedious, as excessively long corridors and repetitive gameplay obscure the truly interesting and engaging moments.Timed puzzles were also a recurring theme to the game. At their best, the puzzles were organic and brilliant, and an absolute joy to play. At their worst, they were boring and tedious to the point of saying, ""Don't care,"" and turning the game off.== OverallINSIDE struggles to find its rhythm between minimalistic, visual storytelling and gameplay that keeps the player engaged. If you can muddle through the slew of monotonous environments and gameplay, there are some unique and beautiful things to see. However, INSIDE suffers from artificial inflation, relying on long, empty environments to fill an already short experience.Although it may be unfair to the developers, wait until this game inevitably goes on sale before taking the risk. Until then, use the 3 hours you would have spent playing this game on something worth its price tag."
,Recommended,304430,30867854,Posted: 31 March,all,Nimish,"Playdead has done it again, creating a game that is nothing short of perfection. Just as with Limbo, they manage to pull the player in and fully immerse them in a world using almost no color, no character detail, one of the most minimalist soundtracks of any game (yet absolutely not to be undervalued), and no words (neither spoken nor written).What really puts you in the world of the game is the masterful use of atmospheric and character sound effects, life-like character and enemy movements, seamless blending of physics and gameplay, and a sense of awe that stays within the scope of reality. All of these factors come together in such a way that you completely lose yourself in this beautiful virtual world, and your interactions with the environment and enemies within take it even further.The way Playdead has created a living, reactive world is inspiring. Small animals follow curiously at a safe distance and scatter at sudden movements, instilling an uplifting feeling of harmony when all is well. Then the carpet is ripped completely out from under the player when death is so swiftly and coldly rendered. Common are the feelings of tense panic that give way to a pure rush of relief as you narrowly escape certain death. The dynamic between good and bad is so unabashedly clear, yet this winding line is left for the player to uncover, making for an extraordinary puzzle game. Surprises become essential game mechanics as you press onward through the journey that is this wonderful creation.10/10"
,Recommended,304430,33150073,Posted: 2 July,all,acdcdave1387,"This is a VERY cool game which by the time you finish the last level, will leave you literally saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just witness.""The same terrific, immersive environment that only Playdead can accomplish is with you every step of the way. The controls are intuitive and the visuals are drastically improved. That same feeling of ""what is going on here?"" is present much like in LIMBO and this one is every bit as good.The only downsides though are that the game is incredibly short and the puzzles are a lot easier than in LIMBO.Still though, this is a terrific title that every puzzle fan should play."
76561198360783762,Recommended,304430,33137965,Posted: 2 July,all,NeedsMoreGin,"Excellent game! I highly recommend playing to the end and then going back to unlock the ""secret"" ending; the two endings combined give you a decent idea of what's going on in the story. The game is fun to play and not too difficult for someone who doesn't play a lot of games."
,Recommended,304430,26240383,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Flamekin,"This game is not an action-packed pulp thriller series with 5 sequels starring Steven Segal squinting at bad guys.This game is a slow-motion danse-macabre descending into a deep, dark place in the earth.Cons:- 4-5 hours of gameplay. I wish it had been longer.- Puzzle difficulty hovered at around a Medium.- Artful but possibly unsatisfying ending (I haven't seen the alternate ending though, so who knows.)Pros:- Immersive atmosphere and masterful craft of mood.- Phenomenal score- Possibly the best-timed puzzles I've ever seen, and some require truly out-of-the-box thinking.- At times creepy, always haunting, and sometimes viscerally shocking. (Like, ""Holy **** I can't believe that happened..."")- The extras are actually difficult to find.Do not buy this game if you're looking for Mario 64: Emo Edition, with a tidy ending and years of replay value.DO buy this game if you're looking to be immersed in a dark, winding mystery, and you're willing to slow the hell down."
,Recommended,304430,24202944,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Athravan,"6 years on from Limbo, Playdead have been using their time well.This game is dark, creepy and disturbing, with a visceral story told through atmosphere and imagery rather than words. The gloomy shaded art style, faceless characters and enveloping soundtrack blend together perfectly in this 2D indie puzzle platformer that takes everything that was great about Limbo - and builds and improves on it.  You go in blind, knowing nothing about the character, the storyline, the world, even the controls. You're just a faceless child running through a distorted industrial world filled with tiny, immersive details that will keep you fully in the moment... even when you don't want to be. As my tiny body was plunged into water, electrocuted, torn about by dogs, beaten, shot and crushed time and time again I really wished I was better at video games. Gameplay wise this is a puzzle platformer, very similar to Limbo in that regard. The puzzles are smart and interesting, and don't get repetitive - but not too cerebral and definitely accessible to everyone. The controls are intuitive, the movement is smooth, the saving and loading seamless.This game is messed up. It really is. It disturbed me greatly - but I couldn't stop playing. It's like a suspense-filled horror movie where you don't know what's happening, and you want to know - but also, you don't want to know, because what are the odds it's going to be good? I wouldn't place that bet and I love to gamble. It never lets up. The atmosphere never dissipates, you are left running through screen after screen of even more creepiness, the weird and the whimsical, the broken and bizarre until the very end. It stays fresh and true throughout, both story and gameplay. Don't spoil it and watch videos or try to learn too much about it in advance - just play it. It's worth every penny.It's rare that I give a game 10/10 - but this game is flawless - an immersive puzzler that I'll be thinking about for a long time. I'm still shivering."
,Recommended,304430,24419710,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The Slothful Existentialist,"Overview:INSIDEis a universally-acclaimed indie 2D puzzle-platformer game made by Playdead, who also made 2010’s hit indie-gameLIMBO.With its minimalist and atmospheric environments, highly detailed animations, and incredible sound design,INSIDEshines brightly among its E3 2016 peers and other games that have been recently released.INSIDEis by all means and in every practical sense a spiritual successor toLIMBO.Playdead managed to improve on what was great aboutLIMBOand delivered a highly evolved version of that product. The title is available for PC and Xbox One.Gameplay:The controls for this game are as simple as they can get. You move the boy around with the left joystick, make him jump with ‘A’ and make him grab with ‘X’.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=727894524As a 2D side-scroller you can only move either left or right. You can walk/run, grab/pull/push boxes and other objects, and swing on chains, cables, and ropes. The game starts out with a dead-end to the left of the character, forcing the player to continuously progress to the right. There’s no clear objective, just keep moving. Among the obstacles the character encounters are: masked men ready to tranquilize/kill him, dogs ready to kill him, machines ready to tranquilize/kill him, and many environmental puzzles that the player will solve (by pushing/pulling/climbing, etc…) to keep progressing. You also get to drive a cute submarine that rams into things.  The similarities withLIMBObegin with the fact both games are puzzle-platformers, and they end with the fact that when you die in either game it's always horrible and macabre; be it choked out or shot by an adult masked man, ripped apart by angry dogs or a weird mermaid, falling, or being skewered. Dying always leaves an impression, not only because it looks horrible, but because it highlights your mistakes.The puzzles aren’t hard enough to be infuriating, but are hard enough to leave you scratching your head in confusion, even after a few attempts. Careful and out-of-the-box thinking will serve those who use it well. In its entirety the game lasts about 6 hours.Visual:The biggest difference thatINSIDEhas withLIMBOis: it has a colour palette.LIMBOhas a black & white filter over it that makes its world seem dead, butINSIDEhas coloured environments. Another difference is thatLIMBOwas more 2D,INSIDEis entirely 3D, along with a minimal color palette the lighting in the game is simple yet gives a lot of depth, it even evokes warmth or cold in some scenes.The animation of the characters, animals, vehicles, and other environmental objects are incredibly well done. The animation on the boy, however, is even more so (you can see his chest expand as he breathes). Playdead has combined good animation with good physics to bring a wonderfully pretty game to life, just as they did with their first game. Movements feel heavy enough but they boy is also light on his feet. Running, walking, jumping, swimming, climbing ropes/chains, pushing or pulling things, it all looks so amazingly good that for a second you forget you’re playing a game. The calm and minimal colours mixed with surprisingly smooth animation makes the image looks like a painting in motion.Sound:INSIDE’ssound design is some of the most immersive, clear, and altogether satisfying of any game I’ve ever played. I truly believe that without good sound an immersive title fails to convey the atmosphere it intends to. Out above the water, below the water, running while wet, interacting with objects, and each breath he takes, it all comes together to form a highly cohesive product.INSIDEdoesn’t fail to deliver the most immersive experience for me this year.The soundtrack was as minimalist as the visuals. Strong, subtly melodic bass gave a feeling of tension, while other musical scores began playing at perfectly placed moments. Some moments called for a more dramatic tone, while others called for a more urgent tone, and the game delivered.Story:This is where writing this review gets tricky. There’s so many things that could be going on in the world ofINSIDE, and nobody’s completely sure about them because the game is so ambiguous and vague.Before I get to the story, I have to disclose that this game is best experienced when you’ve no idea what you’re in for,INSIDEis a rare gem that you have to simply pick up and play without knowing what to expect. I promise that it’s worth it.There is no incentive, no dialogue or writing in the game; the story has to be completely inferred.A boy in a red shirt slides down a rocky incline through some bushes.  Running through the forest he encounters masked guards, these guards kill him in a variety of ways if they see him. After running away from a pack of angry dogs he finds himself in a cornfield, and later a farm where parasitic worms are making pigs go wild. The boy also goes through a large factory, a city where lines of people are being moved through mind-control, flooded undergrounds, an odd atrium-like space where shockwaves wreak havoc, and a laboratory-like environment where what looks like scientific researchers are performing underwater experiments on bodies.Throughout his travels, the boy uses a device to control the minds of lifeless bodies to solve puzzles, he also steals a submarine and encounters a mermaid-like creature underwater. While moving through offices and laboratories the boy sees scientists running toward a dome-like structure.Final Thoughts:Okay, so there’s a lot to say about this game. All the way from how awesome-looking it is to how well-designed the puzzles are. And while those are things without which the game would feel empty, this time around I was a lot more intrigued by the story than by the gameplay.Was the boy being controlled the whole time? Was he not running away or escaping from someone or something, but in fact breaking in? The secret ending also proposes more questions, some of which get pretty meta. Were you as a player controlling the boy? Or was the game itself controlling you? One thing I can say for sure is that the theme of control is ever-present throughout the whole game; being in control, controlling, losing control, being out of control, and being controlled. Whatever kind of message Playdead is trying to convey through this theme gets lost on me, it’s simply too vague.There’s all sorts of theories as to what’s truly going on in the narrative ofINSIDE. Some people see it as a commentary on society, calling the game’s world institutional classicism at its most extreme, an enslaved dystopian nightmare where the majority is forced to live and die under an oppressive minority. Some people think it’s intentionally incomprehensible, that it ultimately has no profound meaning at all. There’s even some people who believe this to be connected toLIMBO, or maybe even a prequel to it.Whatever the case, that uncertainty is the core magical component the game brings. The fact that you don’t know where you’re going or why, the everlasting anticipation that you might get an answer, and the amount of questions that manifest themselves once you find out more about the story, that’s the feeling that keeps you going. Mysteries and questions will always lose their magic and worthiness for curiosity once their answer is revealed. In this case, the questions provoked by the game are so much more interesting than what their answers may be.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0Dtt_rd0as"
76561198004025453,Recommended,304430,26181352,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Baal,"The game is absolutely masterful, great controls, stunning artistic graphics, eerie atmosphere and the ending feels perfect, the never ending puruse of freedom and the pirric victory."
,Recommended,304430,24192344,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewPlaydead had a lot to live up to withINSIDE, considering the superb quality and design of their previous title,LIMBO. There was a lot of anticipation for this one, and everyone was hoping that Playdead wouldn’t let them down.And Playdead did not at all let down.INSIDEis a fantastic,fantasticpuzzle platformer. You play as an unnamed boy, and you have no idea who he is, what his story is, or what he’s doing. All you know is that you’re alone, wandering, and trying to figure things out. And throughout the entirety of the game, you do not receive much information. The story is told strictly through your interactions, and with what’s going on in the background of the various environments.Along the way, you’ll need to solve a variety of puzzles, some of which are just superbly designed. They’re not overly difficult, but they’re just enough of a challenge that they all happen to fit in with the game perfectly.The game may appear simple to look at it, but it’s a very aesthetically pleasing and pretty game. Smoke billows, water ripples, dirt flying up, everything has a level of polish not seen often. Animation of the boy and the various beings he encounters is also top notch. A tremendous amount of time went into this game, and it definitely shows.As there is no dialogue in the game, you have the music and sound effects to guide and sooth you as you progress from seamless area to seamless area. Music crescendos when appropriate, while certain sound effects will cue you’ve done something you should have.The controls are very tight, and if you miss a jump or fail at a puzzle, it will definitely be your fault. The puzzles are varied, from the standard ‘move the box to the wall to jump over it’ to long and drawn out, but not complicated affairs that’ll piece together things for you.It’s a relatively short experience at roughly three hours, and if you follow a guide (or are just extremely observant), you can acquire all the collectibles (and achievements) in a single run.But that three hours… boy, will it stick with you. And once you’ve finished the game, and are sitting in your chair, pondering just what happened, it’ll finally hit you: you still have no clue.ProsGraphics and animation.What appears to be a minimalist story has a deeper meaningExcellent sound effects and musicAstounding puzzle designAttention to detail of every little thing is just remarkableConsIt’s fairly shortNot much replaybility beyond getting missed collectibles, of which there aren’t too manySummaryINSIDEis an excellent platformer. It’s an excellent puzzle game. It’s an excellent adventure game. It is most definitely a contender for Indie Game of the Year.If you enjoyedLIMBO, you’ll enjoyINSIDE. If you enjoy games of any variety, you’ll enjoyINSIDE. It’s well worth your afternoon.In this case, do the opposite of what everybody says: stop playing outside and go playINSIDE."
,Recommended,304430,24315677,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Estranged2,"You are a small, vulnerable child in a dystopian society. You are a fugitive. You must die. You will be killed without mercy even though you're just a kid. Or, you'll experience something far worse than death.Your crime - you're not a puppet. You can try to pretend that you're a puppet, but it won't help you in the long run. They are coming for you.Arnt Jensen's INSIDE is an experience, very similar to Eric Chahi's Another World. Loneliness, fear, cruel and sad death. Noone speaks, the world is mysterious, you can build theories in your mind about the society and nature that you see until the next scene shocks you, disproves you and turns everything upside down.The character animation is the best one ever made. It combines complex simulation with attention to detail, so the boy can react to any object in the dynamic environment in real time. Unfortunately, most people will be too blind to appreciate this unparalleled artistic and technical achievement.The interactivity, the story, the world, the drama, the horror, the emotional experience, the deeply psychological gameplay are far superior to the ones, found in Playdead's previous game, LIMBO. The game is relatively short, but it's also a unique, once in a lifetime experience; games with similar quality are released once in a decade. INSIDE can change the way you think about games, or it can remind you why you started to like games in the first place.Given its uniqueness and outstanding quality, INSIDE is worth twice its full price. What I mean is that even if you buy it at full price, you're actually getting a very good deal.______________P.S.I see nothing confusing about the ending, and even nothing tragic about it. Emotionally, it's very similar to the way ICO ends, and (to some extent) to the way Another World ends. Philosophically, it's closer to themes found in the Penumbra and SOMA series, which makes me wonder whether nordic devs have a soft spot for these themes, just like they have a soft spot for horror."
76561198053511979,Recommended,304430,28282837,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,sciinsane,"The atmosphere is incredible.I don't see it mentioned here, but INSIDE won the categories of 'best independent game' and 'best art direction' at the 2016 Game Awards. So that's cool I guess, if you're into that.Step 1: Get InsideStep 2: Go OutsideGGGet it on sale."
,Recommended,304430,30877917,Posted: 1 April,all,Berto,"A stepup from their previous work, Limbo, that suffered from a weak second half. Inside never looses steam, actually it is constantly getting better and ends on a enormous high note. Fantastic orwellian atmosphere, unfortunayly with somewhat weak puzzles.4/5"
76561197996948970,Recommended,304430,24176249,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,doublethink,"If Nicolas Winding Refn made a videogame, it would probably be something like Inside. Beautiful and haunting direction with amazing attention to the small details."
,Recommended,304430,24389319,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,AW,"In Side.6 Years. Another Disturbing Playdead's Masterpiece. Pure Video Game Art House.Probably, GOTY 2016."
,Recommended,304430,25179633,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Wow. Just... I mean... What the hell?! Like... Wow.I almost don't know where to begin with this one. The quick and easy thing to do is name drop LIMBO as the main point of reference, but as fair as it might be, since they're by the same people, I think to be so reductive is to do a disservice to both incredible games. Sure, they're both 2D platform puzzlers that take us along on the journey of a small boy running, jumping and swinging constantly from left to right through strange, bewildering lands as we evade traps and creatures that we don't fully understand, but all of that is just on the surface level of everything. Underneath, there's so much more that's affecting in hugely different ways and is where the real marvel of the game lays.Practically everything about INSIDE is steeped in mystery. It's completely wordless and doesn't try to establish a story or characters or setting prior to you taking control. Instead, everything is told through the world itself and the actions that are unfolding around you. Masked figures lurk in the background of a forest at night, rounding up people into the back of a lorry before transporting them to an ominous facility. You infiltrate this stark, oppressive structure in the middle of nowhere and attempt to uncover the fate of those inside, but nothing is quite as it seems. Every time I thought I understood what was going on or had my own wild theory on events, something new hit me that threw everything on its head and raised more questions than answers. And the crazy thing is, most of this is pretty much right at the beginning. The deeper into the complex you get, the weirder everything gets, too. I feel that to tell any more would risk potentially spoiling both the wonders and horrors that await, but there's still so, SO much more about the game to talk about.The most immediately striking thing about it is its atmosphere. The craftsmanship at work in constructing such masterful scenes from one location to the next is almost dizzying in its detail. Every single pixel is animated to perfection with its smooth, naturalistic movement and motion. The use of light and shadow painting the tone of each setting effortlessly. Whether with sound or silence, the incredibly clever use of audio tells just as much of a story as anything else around you and conveys precisely what you need to know about both environment and character every step of the way. Even the sweeping camera beautifully frames every instance as visual poetry throughout. It may all sound like hyperbole, but if you stop and look around from moment to moment, you really will see where the six years of work in making this game went.An abundance of attention seems to have been given to every element from start to finish, no matter how big and bombastic or how subtle and insignificant. After running for a while, your character will begin breathing heavily and panting, but when you stop, he'll gradually regain his breath as each inhale and exhale slowly becomes less and less shallow. As he's running, he'll look around his environment at points of interest or curiosity, casting the same glance of caution or suspicion as the player who's also wondering what's going to happen next. In one area there's a small body of water just below an even smaller section of overhanging ledge, and I was amazed to see the reflections of the rippling water and light dancing along the underside of the ledge and barely even noticeable... That REALLY didn't need to be there! None of these things needed to be there, and if they weren't, most would never even think about it, but they were still included all the same. I don't think I've ever played a game with so much unnecessary detail and polish as this one has. But it's that exact care for everything that elevates it to something so special.I don't think I can talk about this game either without touching upon how messed up it is. It's difficult to get into without either spoiling or running the risk of building up expectation to unrealistic levels (even though that's precisely what I'm about to do now. Sorry), but personally, I was agasp at how genuinely disturbing and distressing I found it. Most horror games or movies never really do it for me, I tend to find them funny rather than frightening, and if anything, I think they misunderstand the difference between something that causes a reaction, and something that's sincerely affecting and has a meaningful impact on you psychologically. Well, this game left me genuinely unsettled. There are a handful of creepy moments throughout, but the final half hour or so in particular is something I haven't been able to stop thinking about, both in its isolated instance, but also for its implications to the story retrospectively. Never before have I sat on the edge of my seat with my face buried into the monitor and my jaw hanging in stunned shock and awe as I did for the finale sequence and its climax.If I absolutely had to nit-pick about something, the trial and error nature of some puzzles can be a bit of a pain. Not necessarily because any of them are all that difficult, but because timing can be such a crucial factor in some that trying to dial in specifically what the game is looking for can be a bit grating at times. There were a few occasions that tested my patience and I found myself saying ""Yeah, I get the idea. Can I move on now, please?"" as I waited for some elements of the environment to be aligned just so then make yet another attempt to see if it's what the game wanted of me. It's nothing ruinous, but it's definitely a noticeable roadblock to pacing and progress when you have to be held back by something that isn't exactly your own dumb self.I can also see the ending being somewhat divisive, as it's just as vague and open-ended as everything else in the game, but in a weird way, while I did find myself getting a bit of a grump on about it initially, I do love how much it lends itself to discussion afterwards. As with many parts of LIMBO, I can see this being the source of much debate and theorising over the years as people pick apart the minutia and offer up their own unique take on every aspect. Some people might groan about the price for what will be 3-5 hours of play for most, but really, you could easily blow the same amount on eating out or going to the cinema and not have anywhere near the rewarding and impactful experience that INSIDE delivers. Turn off the lights, hook up some headphones, and brace yourself for a most beautiful nightmare."
,Recommended,304430,24171242,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/qz-EDwZMgoYTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!INSIDE is an eerie atmospheric 2D puzzle platformer that plays very similar to LIMBO.You play as a boy, and you are being hunted as you venture further into a giant research facility. The gameplay throughout INSIDE has a good amount of environmental puzzles that you need solve to progress. There are also parts where you need to be quick, or have good timing.There isn’t always a clear indication of what you should do, so you will sometimes die through trial and error as you try to figure things out, but at least the checkpoints are fairly frequent. Actually, I recall dying a lot more when I played LIMBO, so the death toll in INSIDE wasn’t so bad at all. Swimming did feel a bit slow initially, but the speed made complete sense, and certainly helped to create some tense situations.Pros:the story is definitely unique, interesting, and quite bizarre at timesthe puzzle platforming aspects are done especially well, so the gameplay is very enjoyablevery nice environments; the dark atmosphere with sparse lighting creates a really ominous moodcharacter animations are absolutely fantastic, and it’s impressive how life-like the boy moves in almost every wayambient sounds are done extremely well creating an eerie, and creepy atmosphere that really brings the game to lifeCons:there’s no replay value at all really, unless they add some achievements to it in the futureUPDATED:Achievements have been added for some replay value.some indifference/possible confusion/annoyance with the ending of the storyfull playthrough takes less than 3.5 hours, which my be considered very short for the price tagConclusion:I strongly advise against watching too much gameplay footage, as spoiling the story could ruin some of the excitement that the game offers. If you enjoyed LIMBO, you will probably like INSIDE as well, so I definitely recommend playing INSIDE, but it is a bit expensive, so depending on how in a hurry you are to play it, you might want to wait for a sale.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,304430,26339337,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Patman,Best video game ending/finale of all time. Hands down (all 13 of them).
,Recommended,304430,30342676,Posted: 5 March,all,YouTube.com/user/TheGovernorTV,"GAMEPLAYINSIDE is a puzzle platformer in which the player character is an unnamed young red-shirted boy who explores a surreal environment. The game is very dark in nature and mostly silent, with only occasional musical cues. The player controls the boy who walks, runs, swims, climbs, and uses objects to overcome obstacles and progress in the game. At various points in the game, the player may discover hidden rooms containing glowing orbs. If all the orbs are deactivated during a playthrough, the player can unlock the game's alternate ending.PLOTThe game begins without any introduction. You get thrown right into the beautiful dystopian world of INSIDE and play as a seemingly young boy who tries to flee from unknown pursuers. And they are merciless. They use guns, dogs and other tools to track you down. Every move your character takes looks so strangely realistic and believable strenuous. The connection to the character is incredible, despite the lack of any kind of dialogue or spoken word.   The plot is a big mystery which will revealed enough to keep you interested and curious, and motivates you to theorize about everything you see: technology, people, the world and your own role in it. It will leave you with a chill. it took me some days to finally feel some sort of closure plot wise.    It was amazing all the way.Overall:INSIDE is a pieces of art. The story, the atmosphere, visual and sound design are just stunning. She is  super effective at creating special kind of atmosphere that is scary, oppressive and paranoid, and the puzzles are on the right side of not beeing too difficult, but still making you feel smart when you find the solution to them.I recommend it to those who like deep story driven games. The puzzle part isn't the main part of the game for me.""Inside quietly examines the way we abuse and exploit bodies, humanity's oft-indulged aptitude for senseless cruelty, and the violent and desperate measures we'll take in our quest for control"""
,Recommended,304430,24490925,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dadmiral,"No game is perfect, neither in general amongst video games nor within its own genre.Of all the games I've ever played, INSIDE may very well be the closest thing to perfect - in all aspects - in both regards.It warrants every single word of praise that exists for it. I cannot recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,304430,24606007,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"INSIDE is a 2D puzzle platformer created by the same group that brought us the game, Limbo. So if you're already a fan of Limbo you'll probably like INSIDE.You play as a child who seems to be escaping from something. You won't know what at first.  Learning about this world you're running through is all done through the art of visual storytelling. You'll piece together what you can as you go along and some is left up to your own interperetation of it.The character animations are exceptional and dare I say some of the most realistic movements I've ever seen in a game to date. The enviornments are dark and bleak, giving it a dystopian vibe. But at the same time, very beautiful and grand. The water effects & lighting are incredible.  The sound design is top notch, the controls & gameplay are very tight and satisfying if using a controller. Can't vouch for keyboard controls, didn't bother to try them.The puzzles aren't too difficult. With some common sense,  logic and use of the games' physics, you'll do just fine. Another thing I liked about them is that the game doesn't force you to repeat the same kind of puzzles over and over which I appreciate. Repetetiveness can be boring in games like these and I feel it's just long enough and doesn't overstay its welcome.I've played through it twice and will play through many more times, I love it. Masterfully made and a joy to play."
,Recommended,304430,24192792,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Creamium,"Playdead takes everything they've learned from Limbo, and make something more polished and refined with Inside. What impressed me is the smooth transition between 'chapters'. Each section flows perfectly into the next, and it really feels like one continuous experience. The game is also best when played in a single session to enhance this effect. So the short length is a plus more than anything.Inside also shows restraint: there are mechanics that other games would milk 20 puzzles out of, but Playdead just gives us a few, and then we move on. It shows how needlessly padded and stretched out other games are. So obviously I'd say that the pacing is on point.I'm not even going to expand on the story/setting that much, because I want to get a better grasp of that after a second playthrough. Suffice to say that there's a lot here to take in. The finale is especially memorable, and one of the major reasons why you should play this.One of the essential games of 2016."
76561198042968735,Recommended,304430,24309882,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,VoV,Everyone is losing their minds about pokemon go and i am here playing this insanely good game called INSIDE...
,Not Recommended,304430,24407866,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,*Kumi,"All the positive reviews about this game are accurate. It's so appealing to just look at, with perfect ambience creating just the right mood. The gameplay is solid and the story grabs you from beginning to well, near the end. The way this game ended was so messy and disappointing. I was expecting it considering how Limbo ended, but this was way worse. Around the last hour or so it starts to feel like a boring tech demo that is meant more to show off concepts rather than actually tell you anything. The story became more confusing and ended with no answers. I know some people don't mind that, but it ruined the entire experience for me. If you're someone who gets grumpy about that kind of thing, wait for a sale, or watch it on YouTube."
,Recommended,304430,24164970,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,cirdroeL,"Everything great about Limbo (besides monochrome) improved.Visually stunning and receptive atmosphere provides just enough of a clue for what to do next without spoiling any surprises.Nearly zero background music adds to the suspense and atmosphere while the tiniest hint of any sound is another clue that something is happening or will be soon.Controls are responsive and lack any input lag I've come to expect with pricier titles (looking at you, Dark Souls. and no I'm not talking about input queue, I'm talking legit input lag like what can experienced in the PC versions of 1 and 2, dunno about 3).Puzzles range from easy and potentially obvious, to get you used to their style, through to difficult and thought provoking.Where Limbo essentially told little story but hinted at motivation for our actions, Inside does quite the opposite. You begin with little thought to the why or how you got to your location but that quickly changes as you pass the first 2.5D background animation. As each area is cleared, you might begin to ask ""What's up with those... dolls? and what the hell do these people want from me? Why don't I seem to have a face?"" and as I'm sure anyone can near as figure out: it doesn't matter.Inside has you playing a (male?) child escaping from people of ambiguous motivation gradually making their way through environments in various states of dilapidation towards an uknown goal.Oh and you can swim in Inside too, whereas in Limbo you would drown if you tried... so there's that.For anyone that hasn't caught on yet, this IS a puzzle game.10/10 so far for stressing me the ♥♥♥♥ out in the water levels. Don't watch too many spoiler videos if you want to enjoy your experience with surprises."
,Recommended,304430,33046662,Posted: 30 June,all,snay,"It grips your attention from the very first second and never lets loose.I nearly forgot to breathe a couple of times during the playthrough,Without a single word, it tells a grim story of a little boy who finds himself in a morbid, dystopian world. This game is not a horror, yet it manages to scare you and give you that inexpressible feeling of hopelessness.And the ending, oh my God, the ending is brilliant.I would recommend it to anyone. Get this game, like right now."
,Recommended,304430,24612250,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Burn,"Wow, INSIDE is jaw droppingly amazing. LIMBO was a masterpiece, so I was shocked when I got into INSIDE and realized Playdead had somehow improved on what was already perfect. I will not say anything about the game specifically, because I believe going in as blind as possible is best for the experience, as well as playing through it in one sitting (~3h).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=734221704http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=734241342Unlocked all achievements!"
,Not Recommended,304430,24285921,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Slaughts,"Let me get this out of the way, this is a beautiful game in terms of aesthetics and the sound design is really superb. I played some bit of Limbo, enjoy it, and have played many abstract games gladly. I did beat this game.At the end of the day however, I can't say I enjoyed it overall. It comes down to two things that sink it for me.1. The ""visual"" narrative felt inconsistent to me. First it seemed like this was turning into a dramatic Orwellian tale, but then they throw in weird elements that make me confused than intrigued. The last third of the game is jarring and by the end it just left me more confused. Simply, it felt that these elements didn't fit together and it didn't progress in a natural and understandable way. So yeah, the narrative didn't do much for me.2. The puzzles...boy howdy did I not like the platform puzzles in here. Most of them were frustrating and didn't feel accomplishing once you beat them. They feel just like obstacles in your path from going right instead of an interesting challenge. If they were like the points where you had to avoid a brutal death quickly I would've found them more interesting.People can call me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all they want, but I could not enjoy this. If you love aesthetics and want to play a more aesthetically interesting Limbo then this is for you. Otherwise, if you don't like platform puzzles and want some form of a coherent narrative, you'd be best to move on."
,Recommended,304430,30297775,Posted: 3 March,all,Ushio,if you like Puzzle Platformer with amazing 3D graphics then this is your game
,Recommended,304430,28162337,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ryne,10/10 -It will leave you dumbfounded.
76561198258631865,Recommended,304430,24437496,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Genius,"When we are children. We desired to explore the world,but we gradually found that this world is not what we want.Before we knew it.We were bound.We can fight,but will never get out of it.Because we are inside."
76561198311133193,Recommended,304430,26252932,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jimmythemook,A work of art.
76561197996099698,Recommended,304430,26333516,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sportsta,Favourite little time wasting game of the year. Some of the most fun hours I had in a long time!
,Recommended,304430,34563638,Posted: 28 August,all,Grognard_87,"Quite a brilliant game and I am absolutely in love with it! Much like Limbo, the whole game tells the story through gameplay and visuals, but it also managed to create a very creepy atmostphere as you are this kid running away for...some reason.I can't say much more about the game besides that if you liked Limbo, you'd love this. If I say anymore I might spoilt it for potential buyers."
76561198025799880,Recommended,304430,34370799,Posted: 20 August,all,Risnudel Iskyla,Great game! Couldn't stop playing it! Do yourself a favour and play this game!
,Recommended,304430,24356969,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,LadyLeah,"I love platformer and story-rich games; and a platformer game with a dark and mysterious story is a no-brainer. Even though early reviews have mentioned that it's a short game, I pre-purchased it anyway.I read somewhere that this was supposed to be a 'prequel' to Limbo, but I see them as two completely different stories. Plus, I didn't really enjoy Limbo all that much, but I completed it anyway as a precursor game to INSIDE. Fortunately, I enjoyed playing INSIDE much more than I did Limbo.+ Very good atmosphere; the minimalistic graphics and sounds actually helped build the ambiance of the story. I've never been so scared to walk forward/backward into dark rooms/corners in a platformer game before.+ Great puzzles; not designed to make you fail over and over again (I'm looking at you, Limbo).+ Great story buildup; I wanted to keep playing to know what was going on.+ I loved the 'WTF' moment leading towards the ending. Completely took me by surprise. Jaw-dropped and all.+ Loved the underwatercreepy mermaid-person-thingy.+ The protagonist can swim. *yay*- $20 (less in my region) for 4 hours of gameplay. While I loved the game AND I bought it at full price while knowing that it was gonna be a short game, I'd still list it as a con because it's *really* short for a $20 price tag.- The ending.Open-ended. I wished we had closure and that we get to blow the whole facility up, LOL.It's a great game but expensive for its short length at full price. If you don't feel the urge to play it instantly (like I did), get it when it goes on sale.My Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,304430,31003200,Posted: 7 April,all,Mito,"Not just a game but a masterpiece... The game plot is  way deeper than you might think. Would recomend it with discount tho, because the it's pretty short."
,Recommended,304430,30945490,Posted: 4 April,all,SKYTTEN,"A dark and mysterious game where you jump straight into action without any explanation about who- or where you are.Except for lack of storytelling it was quite easy and I wish it was a bit longer.Overall I had a good experience playing this game and as many others I loved the graphics.I bought INSIDE with a 40% off coupon and it was definitely worth it, but €20 is a heavy price tag for such a short game. It's a tough call but if you have a coupon or don't mind to overpay for a good but short game I'd recommend it"
76561198021832761,Recommended,304430,30380922,Posted: 7 March,all,Ansgar Bartholomäus,"Let me just start off by saying that this is the best game I have ever played in my life.  It is so atmospheric and immersive, and the storyline, while keeping the player in the dark, is one of the best I have ever seen.  I had played limbo a few years ago, and loved it with every second.  So, when I heard that Playdead was releasing a new game, I was so pumped.  I got even more pumped when I saw that it was going to be like limbo.  And I got even MORE pumped when I saw the trailer.Gameplay: 9.5/10 - This is a puzzle game.  A good amount of the gameplay relies on careful thinking and planning.  I never found myself board doing one of the puzzles, and they get increasingly difficult as you progress into the game.  The only downside I found about the gameplay is that when you are stuck on a puzzle, you more or less have to resort to trial-and-error tactics.Storyline: 9/10 (no spoilers) - The storyline is, like I stated above, one of the best I have ever seen in a game.  You play as a boy.  That's it.  You are given no other backstory or plot.  The only thing that you know about this boy is that he must be very smart to solve all of the puzzles that you have to solve.  Now this may sound like a really bad storyline, but it goes along phonematically well with the atmosphere, which is set up with dark, muted colors.  The only thing that the storyline lacks is a little more information about where the boy came from.Graphics: 10/10 - When I launched this game the graphics took me by surprise.  These are not the graphics you would expect in a 2D platformer.  It doesn't even look 2D.  The depth of field is so freaking insanely awesome.  I found no fault in the graphics.Although the story only takes a little over four hours to complete, this game is worth every penny.  If you're looking for a game that is rich in gameplay, storyline, graphics, and atmosphere, you found it.  Yes.  I recommend this game."
76561198092444616,Recommended,304430,25688323,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dinguin Farster®,"A dark, gloomy and artistic game with great art direction and craftsmanship. I saw and played things I had never seen or experienced before in a game. I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,304430,24218322,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,GuardianTV,"เพิ่งเล่นจบก่อนหน้าพิมพ์ได้แปปนึง (ไม่มีการสปอย)""Inside"" เป็นเกมที่เล่นจบแล้ว ต้องนั่งอ้าปากหวอ อยู่พักนึงแล้ว มึนๆ งงๆ  อารมณ์แบบต้องการที่จะหาคำตอบอย่างรุนแรงและมีคำว่า ""ทำไม"" วนเวียนอยู่ในหัวกบาลหลายๆ ครั้งเป็นเกมที่ลงลึก ลึกมากๆ ลึกมากกว่า หยิบแผ่นมันฝรั่ง ในเลย์ห่อใหญ่อีก ทำให้ผู้เล่นเล่นจบแล้ว ต้องเปิด Google แล้วกระสันมือสั่นพิมพ์ชื่อเกมเพื่อที่จะหาคำตอบเพื่อตอบคำถามสิ่งที่ค้างคาอยู่ในหัว ""ทำไม""พอเซิร์จไปปุ้บก็จะเจอกับ ""Inside Out""ไอ้เวรเอ้ยยย ... ซึ่งไม่เกี่ยวกันกับเกมเลย ... ทำให้เริ่มหงุดหงิดมากขึ้น เพราะมันไม่ตอบสิ่งที่ค้างคาอยู่ในหัวทำให้เราต้องมานั่งนึกคิดถึง สิ่งที่ผ่านมา ฉากที่จบ รวมถึงฉากจบลับ ว่า ""มันเกิดอะไรขึ้น""และเมื่อเราเริ่มลงลึกกับตัวเกม ทำให้ค่อยๆ เริ่มเข้าใจตัวเกม เนื้อหา และสิ่งที่สื่อออกมาว่า ทำไมถึงเรียกว่าเกม ""Inside""เกมนี้ เป็นเกมที่ เล่นจบแล้ว จบเลย เก็บทุกอย่างครบคือจบ อาจจะไม่ดึงดูด ให้เล่นซ้ำอีกรอบเท่าไหร่ แต่มันดึงดูด ให้มานั่งหาคำอธิบายหลังจากจบเกมแล้ว เป็นวันๆ เลยแหละLimbo ว่าลึกแล้ว เกมนี้ ลึกยิ่งกว่า ถุงเลย์ว่าลึกแล้ว เกมนี้แม่งลึกกว่า หยิบมันฝรั่งแผ่นสุดท้ายในกระป๋องพริงเกิ้ลว่าลึกแล้ว เกมนี่แม่งงงงง ลึกยิ่งกว่านี่นั่งคิดวิเคราะห์เพื่อที่จะทำคลิปอธิบายหลังจากจบ มานานมาก กินพาราเข้าไป 2 เม็ด .. แต่พอเริ่มเข้าใจ ก็เหมือนเราบรรลุอะไรสักอย่าง เหมือนตัวจะลอยได้แล้วมีแสงส่องสว่างปิ๊งปั๊งไม่ต้องเชื่อผมมากก็ได้ ผมติ่งค่ายเกม Playdead มาตั้งแต่ Limbo และ เกมที่ 2 ของค่ายนี้ ก็ไม่ทำให้ผิดหวังเลย แม่งเกินความคาดหวังเกินไปมากเหลือเกิน น้ำตาไหลเลย แหม่งเอ๊ยยยยยยยยยยยยมีหลายๆ เกม หลายๆ ค่ายเกมอินดี้ ที่พยายามทำเกมเพลย์ และรูปแบบ คล้ายๆ กับ Limbo แต่พยายามแค่ไหนเนื้อเรื่อง กับความเฉียบคม ถ้าเทียบเท่า Limbo นั้น นับว่ายังห่างมากกก  แต่พอมาวัดกับ Inside นี่เข้า โอโห เงิบแดกหมด เหมือน รถบรรทุกปลาทูเทกระจาด สมองทีมทำ ค่าย Playdead ทำด้วยอะไร เล่นแล้วปวดก้านสมองมาก คิดเยอะชิบหาย ตอนเรียนแล้วเกือบโดนรีไทร์ยังไม่เครียดขนาดนี้คะแนน 100,000/10ก็พอใช้นะ"
,Recommended,304430,33865538,Posted: 28 July,all,Biscuitkzh,"INSIDE is a narrative puzzle game with dark and mysterious tones, atmospheric music in the background, a grim plot, and great design.The puzzles are hard enough to keep your mind working but never so much that the focus fades too far away from the story.The sound, the style and the attention to detail make the game very immersive and truly give a general creepy and perturbed look, which excellently fits the plot.With its scary bits and intriguing story, INSIDE is definitely what you're looking for if you're after something deeper and more unique than your regular puzzle game."
,Recommended,304430,24265340,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,IT'sBobGray,"Short, but oh so sweet. Playdead have made another masterpiece that I believe surpasses Limbo in every way. The atmosphere, sound design and the gameplay all combined to create an orchestra of wonder, fear, and mystery. It is consistently evident that 6 years of hard work have been squeezed into every moment of this 3 hour game....and that last half hour of gameplay....OH MY GOD!!! I feel like the price tag is absolutely justified by the devine quality of all its aspects.  INSIDE takes you on a dystopian journey to horrible places, and through disturbing realizations that will leave you wanting more more MORE!!!!"
,Recommended,304430,24304941,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Shooty Deluxe,One of the most beautiful and meaningful experience I've ever played.The soundtrack and sound design is up there with the best.10/10.
76561198005906069,Recommended,304430,24277556,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Power Of Syndra,"""INSIDE"" is an astonishing game that gives you a good portion of hours in which you will never stop being bewildered and curious. It lurrs you into an masterpiece of story that is told with silence and gameplay. There has been like five major moments that made me put down my controler for at least half a minute and made me awestruck.This game is just a series of ""WTF is going ooon?""Gameplay is smooth, graphics are exelent, no loading times between areas at all. The entire game feels like on big package of suprises.It has very little horror, scares and gore in it...... but it will give you MASSIVE SHIVERS, believe me! ;D"
76561198118874797,Recommended,304430,24168259,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Laelaps,The story and ending is almost as confusing as Bioshock Infinite.
76561198024968677,Recommended,304430,30934572,Posted: 3 April,all,Velmorse,Side-Scrolling puzzle platformer. It left me with more questions than answers. I was an enjoyable two hour experience
,Not Recommended,304430,32356439,Posted: 11 June,all,Bonk4,"I hate being negative on games but this was an experience that stuck with me and I want to get my thoughts on it out.  I liked the atmosphere and general asthetics of the game, but the gameplay not so much.I think most people will enjoy this game because it raises a lot of interesting questions and doesn't attempt to hand feed you anything.  It keeps you guessing.  There are a few moments that the game delivers on satisfyingly that blend puzzles and atmosphere together in a way that not many games have attained.The gameplay and puzzles were very simple and ultimately boring however, aside from a couple good ""Aha!"" moments that Limbo already did (and a bit better IMO).  The rest of the gameplay - at least half of my 3-4 hours of full playthrough - consisted simply of holding right on the stick, occasionally pausing to jump or grab something simple.  While some of the puzzles appear complex, they end up lacking variety and player input.  Each puzzle has one solution, which is sometimes easy to execute and sometimes is quite tedious.  There aren't typically other ways to solve them, either, as most situations the game presents force you to do each step in a certain order, or restart.The ending payoff is pretty good, while not entirely explained it leaves you with some good remaining questions and decent answers.  It will keep you guessing, which may be a good or bad thing depending on how fleshed out you prefer game stories to be.Even for the $11 sale price I got this for, I still thought it was boring and a too short.  It's not something I feel like I'll ever play again and I don't feel I saw the same gem that everyone else did.  While the story was neat, it was not the reason I got the game."
,Recommended,304430,27745571,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NickyTheNewt,"I'd suggest going into this game blind, but if you're reading this review, you're probably not going to do that. Inside is one of the most atmospheric platformers I've ever played, with an incredible sense of dread hanging overhead the entire way through. It's never straightforward, it doesn't answer all of the questions it asks, but this game is going to stay with me for years to come. If you're interested in it at all, buy it."
,Recommended,304430,24203169,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,souL,"Inside delivers a videogame experience that you don't get to see to often. It's way different than any other game that i played so far. Without giving anything away, because you really wanna experience this game yourself, the atmosphere, artstyle, graphics, controlls and especially the sounddesign is great. Go play this game."
76561197990029576,Recommended,304430,34354159,Posted: 19 August,all,Babitzo,A really interesting and strange story that seems really confusing at the start. Wish the story was longer. Still a good game.
76561198029649733,Recommended,304430,34546767,Posted: 28 August,all,Major Tom,"I don't think a game has ever come this close to instilling absolute isolation and uncertainty in me regarding my own existence. The setting, the art direction, the soundtrack, atmosphere, all pieces used to make this puzzle help create a black din so powerful that inside it you lose everything.PS. Release the ♥♥♥♥ing soundtrack already."
76561197999430929,Recommended,304430,25913020,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dominic_phillips,Cannot recommend enough. Simple gameplay with some tricky puzzles but its all about the story. Still don't know exactly which I think is the point. Brill!
76561198004715645,Recommended,304430,28405725,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Return,There are few games that uses so little to create a beautiful world and a excellent story. It is short but I think this is one of the best games I have ever played 10/10
76561198282989706,Recommended,304430,33145292,Posted: 2 July,all,dbiscuit1019,I haven't finished it yet but it is very atmospheric and creepy so far.  Loved Limbo so I am sure I'll love this by the end too.
,Recommended,304430,24305082,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Chris,"It was always going to be difficult to outdo Limbo, yet somehow Playdead managed to do just that with INSIDE.The core mechanics are extremely similar to previous title, presented in a brand new universe that picks and pulls at the frayed threads of reality. Happily, INSIDE introduces a number of new mechanics, while managing to build a world with slightly more depth.The game can be completed in about two and a half to three hours. If that's not an issue for you (and it really shouldn't be, quality over quantity and whatnot), and you were a fan of Limbo; absolutely pick this up. It's a no brainer.If you haven't played Limbo yet, play that first; then pick up INSIDE. The games don't overlap in any way, INSIDE is simply a more polished product.INSIDE is easily my game of the year so far. 100% recommended."
76561198005811013,Not Recommended,304430,24172063,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Swordbearer,"Look, I get it, it's a beautiful game.  If that's your type of thing (and for a lot of people it is), go ahead and get this game.  The atmosphere is great, the graphics are great, and there's one model in particular I was very impressed by.That said, this isn't my type of game.  It felt more interested in showing off its atmosphere than providing a gaming experience.  I found myself getting bored during long look-at-these-incredible-backgrounds walks.  There were a couple of ""Aha!"" moments during the puzzles, but not enough to justify the price.And I think that's the sticking point.  If this game had been $5, I'd have considered it a good buy.  But as someone more interested in game mechanics than atmosphere, this didn't impress me enough to justify the price.After consideration, the price isn't really the problem.  It's just I have other games I'd rather play in those hours.One last complaint, and again, people who love this game will question how it's a complaint at all.  There's atmosphere, but there's no narrative.  If you're looking for closure or an idea of the bigger picture, you're not going to get it.  It's more of a series of well-done creepy vignettes.  Judging from other comments online, this is something peopleabsolutelylove about this game.  But I personally don't find it satisfying."
,Recommended,304430,29714517,Posted: 5 February,all,Dikface Maroni,"tl;dr: sidescroller-adventure-masterpiece which puts you as a target in a thrilling manhunt set in a dark mysterious dystopian world in which the story unfolds very subtle and leaves you unsettled and theorising. around 4.5h playtime. 10/10If you're familiar with Playdeads previous release LIMBO, which started a new trend for dark 2D sidescrollers with their minimalistic art and design but still intense ambiance, then you will feel right at home. INSIDE feels and looks like an artistic descendant from LIMBO set in a similar scenario with a lot more love to detail and depth. Despite the quite dominant monochrome colouring the levels are sometimes really mesmerizing because of the big enigma which surrounds them - and you - all the time.The game begins without any introduction. You get thrown right into the beautiful dystopian world of INSIDE and play as a seemingly young boy who tries to flee from unknown pursuers. And they are merciless. They use guns, dogs and other tools to track you down. One thing i instantly noticed were the authentic animations and world physics. Your character can't just jump and run around like you would be a hyperactive hero-plumper on a search for his princess. Instead, you run, stumble, fall, pick yourself up, continue running and maybe don't get ripped apart by a pack of dogs. Every move your character takes looks so strangely realistic and believable strenuous. This makes the whole gameplay thrilling and really intense. And this goes for the cleverly crafted and placed physics-puzzles through out the whole game as well.The plot is a big mystery which will reveale enough to keep you interested and curious, and motivates you to theorize about everything you see: technology, people, the world and your own role in it. it will leave you with a chill. it took me some days to finally feel some sort of closure plotwise.it was amazing all the way."
,Recommended,304430,24408827,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Danyosate,"too short to play, nice game."
,Recommended,304430,24166377,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BassJumper,"After somewhat around 3,5 hours i just finished ""INSIDE"" for the first time;i did not know anything about this game in advance other than it's from the same people who brought the famous ""LIMBO"" to us.I gotta say - knowing LIMBO in and out (played it on pretty much every platform, getting the platinum trophy on PS4 etc.) this one was quiet good but not as impressive.My very first LIMBO playthrough took me longer to complete than this one. INSIDE pretty much seemed a lot easier than LIMBO was.The atmosphere was pretty amazing, i really enjoy the sound of silence in these games - graphically it is on spot, the controls are accurate (Xbone wireless pad).I bet, as with LIMBO, there is much to find in this game on the next playthroughs, and the lore implications are quiet nice - you can really think about the meaning of it all...(fixed, keeping this one just for the purpose of not altering the contents of my review) On the negative side: right now (shortly after launch), not a single achievement unlocked for me in my entire playthrough...Keeping the price in mind, i'd give it a 8/10, as it's really immersive, but way too short for the money.If the money should not influence the rating - take it as a 9/10 just for the quality of every aspect of the game.The only real downside is the short playtime and that - as most games nowadays - it is just too simple and easy and compared to some of the timed / physics based riddles of LIMBO this one here is a little too easy..."
76561198116590072,Not Recommended,304430,32573696,Posted: 19 June,all,OppaiMausPad,"Would make for beautiful instagram render art, but it's not really a game.Let me get this out of the way real quick. Yeah yeah it's beautiful. I ate the visuals up. It's a gorgeous game, and I think it's venturing into certain types of experiential composition that haven't been done before quite like this. No matter where you are at anyone place on the map, the composition leads your eye to some focal point. This and Limbo are the videogame visual equivalents to old german expressionist films such as The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. They're important to the game industry as a whole, in that regard.But as a game, and as a story? It's extremely shallow stuff.Look, the puzzles here are extremely simplistic and padded out. It was like they took the puzzles from Limbo and made it so that you had to walk twice the distance. And not only that but the puzzles weren't really even puzzles. Maybe I'm looking at Limbo with rose colored glasses, but I remember there being some challenging moments of timing and so on. But here, it holds your hand. You essentially see a box and you see a button and you put the box on the button and boom! Woohoo! Now you are rewarded with a new room with a slightly greener color pallet and an ever so slightly more portal 2 art style.And as for the story: there isn't really a story. It's kindof how I felt after watching that Cohen Brothers film Hail Caesar. It's an excuse to put cool sequences on the screen. Without going into spoilers, it's vaguely anti-science, vaguely anti-authoritarian. But it doesn't really explores any themes that it puts out there. It's just some nice looking depth of field.The price point is also worth talking about. It's obviously not worth what I got it for, but look, I'm not salty about the money. Let me just say this: My great grandpa was a lamp maker, and you know what he would do when a lamp wouldn't sell? He would raise the price. It's no different with this game. I'd bet you anything, it wouldn't be getting this overwhelming response if it were $5. It's branding itself as an expensive work of art. And since it's branding itself as an expensive work of art, players are going to feel more special when they play it.Final thoughts: I have nothing wrong with whats here, but I think that a game has to be more. A game is a different type of art. I think it was a creator at Nintendo that said,""If I'm playing ball with you and you toss me the ball, I'm not going to place the ball on the ground and ask it to tell me a story.""And that's where I want to end this review, with that little bit of philosophy. All the marketing and production values in the world aren't going to save a game in the long run. No one will be playing this more than once, unless they are doing research in order to copy the art style for their own game. Inside is not an important artistic experience. It's a nice sketch. I think that Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is honestly an exponentially more artistic experience than this game. It tells you more about the human spirit, it let's you grow within it's mechanics and most importantly it makes you feel something. Inside made me feel nothing.Well, that's not true. I was scared when that little hair girl jumps at you for the first time when you're in your sub and you don't really know what she is but you know something is going to be in the water. And the beginning is bleak and eary and made me think about death (but admittedly most things do). My point is! that I want Playdead to feel a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ about this one, because they can do better. I want them to do better. This review comes from a place of love and admiration, because they understand composition; they just dont respect and value gameplay."
76561198211443484,Recommended,304430,25630778,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"""Inside"" is a well crafted platformer meant to tell a story. I'm a huge fan of horror as a genre but rarely find anything that isn't a boring shoot-em-up gorefest or a lazy series of cliches and bad controls. Despite its subtlty and simplistic design, ""Inside"" succeeds where many novels, films, and video games fail. A short, harrowing, and intriguing experience. Well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,304430,25536215,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ashes,"Detailed reviewby AshesIntroductionINSIDE is the spiritual successor to Limbo, announced by Playdead shortly after the release of Limbo in 2010 under the codename “Project 2”. Later named “INSIDE” as we know it now, and shown for the first time during Microsoft’s press conference at E3 2014.I’ve personally been expecting this since I finished Limbo back in 2010, as Playdead’s previous title was truly something special. Straightaway after starting you’ll notice the similarities INSIDE has with Limbo, it feels more or less like a sequel, you’ll be greeted by a similar setting of a rather dark forest and assume control of an agile young child.GameplayThe gameplay revolves around the player solving puzzles in order to navigate through the environment and progress. I felt like INSIDE was a less punishing experience when compared to Limbo, but by no chance less enjoyable or innovative. Every puzzle, area and level have their own special mechanics and never overused any particular one of them. From start to finish the experience felt fresh and mesmerizing. I’m honestly surprised by how well designed the puzzles, levels and environments were, throughout the whole experience the solutions were unique and clever, almost never being what you would assume from first glance. At its core, INSIDE is a linear experience, but feels like a living, breathing world.WorldINSIDE pays a lot of attention to even the smallest details and reaches inexplicable levels of immersion as a result. I felt completely sucked into the world and its wonderfully told story. When I say story don’t expect a narrative, the whole experience is told through the environments and levels themselves. Every place you visit, every mechanic you discover feels like it has its own enigmatic lore behind it. The world of INSIDE is its story, in the end you’ve seen so much, but still know so little. Everything is open to your imagination and interpretation.This isn’t only an experience, it’s an actual game, and everything it does, it does beyond perfection. It manages to tell a story with no words, seamlessly blend its mechanics with the world and be an outstanding puzzle game at the same time. Every piece of scenery is captivating and beautiful, every mechanic perfected and clever, every puzzle innovative, every moment entrancing.ConclusionIs INSIDE worth 20$/€? It definitely is, you have to understand, with this game it isn’t about the length, it’s all about the quality. INSIDE will take you between 3-5 hours to complete. You’re paying this much for several hours which are beyond detailed and polished.I loved playing through this, it was beautiful, sad and hypnotic. It conveyed more emotion than most of the full priced titles out there without saying a single word. INSIDE is a game which achieves so much with so little. It’s simplistic, fascinating and evocative. I think Playdead proved once more that they are an outstandingly talented studio. INSIDE is something which I will remember in years. It’s truly a masterpiece which never fails to surprise you, and it does it superbly."
,Recommended,304430,24293470,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Maudl.n,"The best 3.4 houres i spend in a game.everything about this game is perfect.Graphics, gameplay, animation, art direction, music...10/10"
76561198007252580,Recommended,304430,24177249,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sordel,"INSIDE is one of those games that you want to tell people about as soon as you've played it. You could compare it with Journey (though it has much better and more 'real' puzzles) or Monument Valley: a pitch perfect, gorgeous experience ... short but unmissable.It's quite an easy game (I don't play puzzle games very often because I find them too frustrating) and I completed it in two sessions with only one break: a total play time of about four hours. Although you won't struggle too much to make progress, every single puzzle pretty much will make your jaw drop at how well it was set up, and the game is just so stunning visually that I expect to play it through again just for the pleasure of the world.Avoid spoilers if you can."
76561197989132185,Recommended,304430,24174605,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"Looking at Limbo, there is a certain stylistic perfection in place. Its style is incredibly precise, its tone constructed thoroughly and with cohesion, which creates a truly unique experience. Limbo was one of my first experience with this side of games; I never thought they could have such an impact on me, or that they had the ability to create such a thick and poignant atmosphere. So there was no doubt for me, that this would be an interesting experience, it would require some miraculous disaster to interfere with the talent of these creators in order to make Inside a “bad” experience.Far from bad, in fact, in truth, it is. While not straying too far from Limbo to become unfamiliar or something entirely new, Inside builds on the concept of Limbo but elevates it. While this atmosphere might not be as clear, there is an exquisite nuanced subtleness to Inside, that I struggle with the expression of. It's a manifold convergence of elements that add to this subtle atmosphere. The music never cuts through properly, it leads the way with ambient pieces and the general multiplicity of sounds that always come through from the different visual pieces. Again there is a beautiful cohesion and thoughtfulness to the scenes of this game, aesthetically. The sound cues never make me feel like I am being told to do something, it is not clumsily done, instead there is a subtle touch to each of the player hints that make the progression very organic, suitably enough. Monochoma, a game very similar to this, tries its hand at the elevation of Limbo, but without the sense for detail. And in a minimalistic games like these, details are everything; because you notice them!With silence, every sound becomes jarring, at least salient. Attention is put on the tiniest of sounds, like the texture of the sound while running through a cornfield in the rain, the contorted moaning of bodies in painful distress, the worried oohs of panicked crowds, the smattering of rain drops landing in puddles, the rusty screeches of metallic movement, the lowered pitch of underwater sound-waves, etc. Aurally Inside is as beautiful, or in any case, perfectly suitable for its Umwelt, its surrounding. There is an interplay of sound and imagery that in few games are as beautifully orchestrated, or as effectively engenders a weighty atmosphere of discomfort and melancholy.And with darkness, every delineated gestalt is immediately attention-holding. Every bright light becomes a guiding light and the developers are aware of it. And it is the minimalistic background, the darkness and the silence, that gives way for these subtle manipulations of the player. Despite noticing them, living through them is a wonderful thing in the comparison to games that do not bother trying to create an immersive experience. In a way I think the puzzles in Limbo, that were quite difficult at points, served to hinder the full immersion into the world or atmosphere. The puzzles in Inside are along those lines more streamlined, usually, apart from maybe one or two exceptions (which are still streamlined in comparison to the set-pieces of Limbo), and this makes, for me, the experience fuller. Again, it adds to the cohesion of the game. There is no dichotomy between game and experience, as can be noticed in many games. This might be at the price of less complexity in terms of gameplay or puzzle-mechanics, but could also be at the elevation of this experience as such. I do not mean to construe the puzzles are trite or meaningless in that sense, there is some satisfaction in noticing the solution, but for me the solution was noticed long before the solution could be acted out, making the acting out of said solution somewhat tedious. But in terms of the game-world, even the gameplay adds to it, and sacrifice its complexity for the sake of cohesion and over all the subtlety of Inside. This transcendence of the experience over complexity of game-mechanics is for me more interesting than the feeling of cleverness at solving a tricky puzzle, and I say this with full realization that this might not be the view of everyone, which should always be taken into consideration.At some point it should be possible to coin a term for this kind of game, where a minimalistic subtleness is made into a transcendent creative decision. It's a rare thing in games, and in all media. I think I would like to call it sense-sublimity. There are no words in this game, there is no pseudo-philosophical point that is overtly elucidated through exposition. It is simply lived, it talks with atmosphere and visual language, it speaks through intuition and through the subtleness of intuitive consciousness. It's a direct link from game to thought, through the senses. And when this process is elevated to this extent, it becomes sublime, or transcendent. It becomes a style, a proper style. Not a style borrowed from anywhere as such, it's instead a progression of a unique style, by its creators, into something atmospherically complex, as opposed to Limbo's previously somewhat atmospherically complex but with the focal point being on mechanical complexity.Even kinesthetically this game displays perfect mastery and understanding of game-creation, and elusive “game-feel”, the interplay of input-response and suitable animation. Two things truly stood out for me, on top of the feel of nimbleness and vulnerability and fleshiness of the general character in its standard on-land movement. I'm a bit afraid to spoil this moment for anyone, but at the same time I feel a strong need to try to explicate it, and extricate force of needing. At a point in the game, you merge with a flesh-mound, an incredibly fleshy and supple mass with disparate limbs all working together to move this giant Thing forward. Vague as this is, when actually played and lived, there is no experience in the world of games that can be even compared to this, not as far as I know. Almost for this fact alone, this game is worth playing. Never has there been such a succinctly horrifyingly well-crafted piece of game-experience that unites all of the elements of game-creation to tell a story, kinesthetically baffle and impress, horrify, disgust and entertain you at the same time.There is no break with this subtle atmosphere, even with these major feats of game-creation. These developers do not shove anything in your face, truly, not even when their talent warrants it. And that, I think, is what makes the experience so leveled or consistent in its presentation. It's a One-experience. Nothing becomes discordant, everything is in accord. Everything converges on the same point of experience, on the same point of atmosphere and game-feel. It all feels fleshy, it allfeelshorrifyingly real.Narratively there is nothing there either that does not stick with this subtleness. You simply live through it, in whatever way you want, with whatever level of consciousness preferred. There is a story there, told with an immediacy, urgency and with reticence. You can gauge however much you want from its hints, but it ends similarly to Limbo, with a sort of closed loop, and with an immensely silent somberness. In a way almost everything about Inside, and Limbo, is sepulchral. The darkness is intrusive, truly intrusive. But silent, and warrants more a reflection on style, than a reflection on symbolism, which is, to me, perfectly satisfactory. This, however, does not preclude anyone from conjuring some symbolic structure in regards to the industrial scenes of this game, the treatment of human beings and animals, the cruelty of humanity, especially resource-dependent human beings through the hierarchical dynamic it creates between those who have and those who do not. There is a lot of substance to what Inside has to offer, but it is determined by your strength to suffer, as Hegel would say.Maybe I said something of substance this time. No...?"
,Recommended,304430,33167054,Posted: 2 July,all,Brendan,"Great Atmosphere, Its a short experience but a worthwhile one."
,Recommended,304430,24216338,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,prahanormal,it's like limbo but scarier
,Recommended,304430,33927509,Posted: 31 July,all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,A very great game! There were some parts of the game that I thought they were impossible to get through but I figure them out. I never completed LIMBO but Playdead makes great games from what I heard of. You will be doing a lot of puzzle solving in order to get through the game and which would result in a lot of deaths but worth it if you don't want to get spoiled. This game isn't long and I had beaten it in around 5 hours on my first playthrough.10/10 - This game is great and would recommend if you like horror puzzle games.
76561197970138552,Recommended,304430,25021998,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jeromewilson,"Just amazing. A nightmare that's so fascinating, evocative and finely rendered that you don't want to wake up. The controls are simple, the puzzles are prefectly pitched, the lighting is gorgeous, the story is engaging and the sprit of place will stay with you for a long time after waking."
,Recommended,304430,33157511,Posted: 2 July,all,pls,What an experience wow! I just wish it was a little bit longer.
76561197981392142,Recommended,304430,24213856,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Blade Runner,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. It has amazing animation, art direction, sound, and most of all, atmosphere. This is a stunning work of art. Avoid spoilers like the plague and just play it. Even at 4 hours of gameplay, I would have paid three times the full price for this and been fully satisfied."
,Recommended,304430,24264160,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Wasserstern,"I cannot recommend this enough.This game is perfection in what it does.There are already so many reviews praising the atmosphere, visuals, sounds and other things.But aside from that you get one of the most interesting stories ever.That is if you try to uncover what is actually happening.Without narrative and without dialouge this game created a story that people will theorize about forever.I can see why this took so long to make.To everyone at Playdead,Your game is a perfect. It felt like watching one of those movies that you cant call bad because they were perfect at everything. Like a full picture, it created a feeling that I rarely get.You better be proud, cause I'd be really ♥♥♥♥ing proud if I developed even just a tiny part of this game."
,Recommended,304430,27997162,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,d1egos,One of the best platformers so far. Mostly because of puzzles and timings.
,Not Recommended,304430,30955102,Posted: 4 April,all,Dan Niton,"Game is great. Visually its almost perfect, definitely different from limbo. Gameplay/game mechanic wise its very very interesting in a way that there's different ways to interact with things. Its much more grotesque then the limbo spider. So why am I giving it a thumbs down? 2 words....PRICE TAG. For a $20 game its waaayyyyy too short, took me only about 3-4 hours to finish the whole thing and that includes me getting stuck at certain point not knowing what to do. Imagine if I didnt get stuck, gameplay will probably last in under 3 hours.Heres my overall out of 10 score.Gameplay: 9/10Price to playtime: 1/10.Believe me if this game is worth $10-$15 then I will give it a thumbs up. My recommendation here is buy it ONLY when its on 40% or more."
76561197987492734,Recommended,304430,24167778,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,rVn>,Like LIMBO but creepier
,Recommended,304430,24233492,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,L. RON HOYABEMBE,absolutely beautiful
,Recommended,304430,24313899,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Zzzen,"A million years from now, when the final remnants of our civilization are being excavated, some proud alien scholar is bound to stumble upon a preserved, unencrypted copy of someone's Steam library. They'll boot it up using whatever universal emulator software the alien archaeologists employ, and even though they aren't likely to know a single human language of our time, they'll still be able to play and understand INSIDE. And, as far the preservation of the indie gaming traditions of 2010s in the history annals of an alien race is concerned, maybe that will be enough."
76561198015438343,Recommended,304430,32879312,Posted: 27 June,all,Fallenick,"This game is a truly piece of art in every sense of the word a game can be.I loved everything about it from start to finish: gameplay, story (and the way it's told through the game, with not a spoken word at all), graphics, design (the scenerys are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing), and most of all, the camera work; placements, composition, colors, lighting... just incredible... every 5 minutes I would just stop playing to take a screenshot of one of the thousand beatiful shots that this game has...It keeps blowing my mind how a game which is as simple as go straight forward for 4 hours can be that good and entertaining.If you enjoyed Limbo I assure you this is 10 times better. Just buy it already, you won't regret."
,Recommended,304430,24198143,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,hyz,"If you played Limbo, then this game is the experience of Limbo, but more immersive. I hesitate to buy new games because of the slim chance that if ROTMG had an update, I would need all my cash to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this game is honestly one of the best storyline driven games i've ever played. On average the game take 5-6 hours to beat. But I plan to speedrun it because im a ♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 Amazing"
,Recommended,304430,24743895,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,~{A♋T}~ SlayerJuan,"One of those games that shows off that games aren't just games, but pieces of art, something great to experience.Amazing art, music, and feel. Doesn't ruin or disconnect the game by telling you how to play it, let's you just learn by yourself, and not too difficult as to frustrate players either."
76561197972439586,Recommended,304430,25628088,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Cheese Legs,"This is one of those games where it's best to go in knowing nothing.  Don't read too much about it.This is one of those games where the plot is revealed entirely through playing.  The story is shown, not told.This is one of those games where the story has many layers.  Look for deeper secrets and you'll find them.This is one of those games where the ending is vague and leaves most of your questions unanswered.  You'll want to look for fan theories online and make up your own.This is one of those games where you'll finish it in 4 fours but spend the next 4 days thinking about it.  It might be allegorical, it might be philosophical, it might just be messed up.That's the kind of game this is.  It's not for everyone.  It might not be worth $20.  But I told you enough that you should know how you'll feel about it."
,Recommended,304430,25041037,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dunkelschwamm,"INSIDE is AmazingI'm going to go into a review of significant length, so if you want the tl;dr version up front, here it is:INSIDE is an incredibly immersive, emotional, and simplistic puzzle platformer with superb design, artistic aesthetic, and pacing that makes it worth every penny.  I think that everybody should play this game through at least once, and at its moderately short length that shouldn't be a problem for anybody to fit into their schedules.The Long-Form ReviewGameplayLet's get this out of the way: the gameplay in INSIDE is the best part of the game. The level design, animations, control scheme, simplicity, and interactivity all add up to make this game a very visceral and immersive game.  Every motion has weight to it that makes some of the more simple parts of the game way more fun than they would have been in any game that spent less time on the little things.  Every subtlety is accounted for, special animations exist for things as simple as specific rocks to climb over, and everything feels totally natural.The game has a lot of variety, too.  You'll solve puzzles by pushing things around, driving vehicles, swinging on ropes,becoming a horrifying giant blob monster that kills everything in its path, swimming, or sliding down slopes.Much of this is established beautifully in the beginning segment of the game, which involves the playersneaking through the woods while malevolent men patrol with intent to kill on sight. When the men are near, the player character will automatically crouch to sneak or duck behind tall grass or rocks while you move.  Later, as a car starts to drive toward the player, the player character will get a sudden burst of speed in their fear which helps you evade capture.These little touches early on go a long way to making sure that the player feels connected with the player character- and that the player character is not just a drone being controlled. During moments where the player feels anxiety, the player character will be acting appropriately in the most subtle of ways, and every bit of this adds a thick layer of immersion on the game that nothing else that I have ever played has ever accomplished.If I had to criticize ANYTHING, it would be that there are occasional moments where I wish the player could move a bit faster. However, with how fine-tuned everything in the game is, I can't imagine that there would be any decent way of implementing such a change without causing worse problems.The GraphicsThe graphics in this game spends most of its time serving its purpose more than drawing attention to itself. The aesthetic is mostly very simple, very desaturated, very geometric in the less natural environments, and very streamlined toward being an obvious environment to explore while also building the world in strategically placed details. Important parts of the game are often emphasized with colors (the player wears red,the mind control helmets and secrets are marked with yellow) or with lighting cues (sometimes lights show you where to go, sometimes they denote threats- especially in some later puzzles).That's not to say that the game is without beauty, however. As should be obvious from the screenshots on the store page, this game has some truly stunning moments with amazing imagery filled out by either interesting subject matter or very clever use of negative space. There's also a graphical and physics-engine based bit at the end of the game that is probably one of the most technically impressive things I have ever seen in a game indie or otherwise.The way that the environments are set up in the game with very palpable atmosphere (subtle fog and dust particles, beams of light add a lot to the simple aesthetic) and the obstacle-course style level design leads to an amazing feeling of being a child exploring abandoned factories and grain silos, running along catwalks and climbing ladders on an adventure.  It's a very hard to describe feeling that went a long way toward bringing emotion out of me during the game.The Level DesignAs I mentioned above, the feeling of climbing all over the environments in this game brings out a lot of my explorer spirit, even if it is a mostly linear experience. For the explorers among you, there are as many secrets to find as there are achievements (there's also additional fun discoveries to be had outside of the main secrets).The level design can be cut into three ideals: platforming, escape, puzzle.The platforming is really fluid and feels great, as I mentioned in the Gameplay segment of this review. This game offers lots of opportunities to run along catwalks, slide down slopes, climb up rocks, swing from ropes, swim around a bit, push around platforms, ride gas-propelled flying platforms,command a legion of zombies to throw you to your destination, the list goes on and on. One of the most fun platforming bits comes when youuse a bathysphere to jump in and out of the water. Stuff like that just doesn't usually happen in games that don't have the same spirit that INSIDE does.The escape bits are probably my least favorite, but that is entirely from personal taste. I don't like the feeling of being chased, and in a game as immersive as this the anxiety feels pretty real. Thankfully, most of these parts don't overstay their welcome and are cleverly implemented into either a puzzle or a brief moment meant to carry the story along. Aside from getting chased, there are also plenty of wonderful moments where you must use puzzle solving skills to stealth around enemies orlight detection robots with wired harpoon launchers. As somebody who doesn't like either stealth or defenseless chases, I thought that INSIDE handled both of these concepts perfectly in a way that I could still enjoy as part of the experience.The puzzles are where the game really shines though. Not a single puzzle was hard enough to impede my progress, but they certainly take a deceptive level of cleverness for just how simple they are. Again, thanks to the amazing feel of the game, no puzzle ever feels like a chore and all of them are fun to replay if you should decide to repeat the game (which I did a couple times).Sound DesignIt was good. Not a WHOLE lot to mention here, as most of the sound really just stands to build the kind of still atmosphere that perpetuates through INSIDE, but there are a couple things to shout out.The first would be sounds of motion. Foot steps, climbing, slapping against walls, everything sounds very visceral, good, and natural. There are certain moments (especially toward the end) where such sounds really create a feeling of texture and perceptive reality that brings everything forward a huge notch.The second would just be a couple times where the sounds matched up with certain puzzles. There is a timing puzzle about halfway through the game that involves seeking cover every few seconds, and there are some things done with the sound there that I felt worked super, super well.Also there's a part very early on where you run through a corn field, and damnit, it sounds like running through a corn field.ReplayabilityI played through the entire game a couple times. Once you've learned everything there is you can play through the whole thing in a couple hours, which is good for when you want to go back and find secrets. The game feel is so good I wouldn't mind playing through again, despite that I've now 100%ed the game.VerdictGameplay: 10/10Graphics: 9/10Levels: 9/10Sound: 7/10Overall: 9.5/10I really couldn't decide if this game is a 9 or a 10 for me, so I put it somewhere inbetween. Strongly recommended."
76561197990075035,Recommended,304430,28856290,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shambling GoatMother,I need to smoke a cigarette after this game.
76561198086062468,Recommended,304430,24689115,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr. No Pants,"This is the greatest game ever created. Playing it felt like walking through my childhood fairy tale books, with a great dose of truly terrifying moments. This game is masterfully crafted, with spectacular imagery and intriguing subplot, the atmosphere is always suggestive of some hidden horror, which, shows it's face from time to time. Absolutelly brilliant!"
,Recommended,304430,28966338,Posted: 2 January,all,cG|Ka!3aL{JA},"This is Inside, the second game from Limbo developer Playdead. Like Limbo, the gameplay is simple: you have to walk, jump, and grab objects in order to solve puzzles and overcome obstacles.Inside is a beautiful, haunting, and memorable game, a worthy follow-up to Limbo. Its puzzles, although rarely difficult, are engaging complements to the story. The real achievement of this game, though, is the way that it crafts its narrative: detailed environments convey the bizarre world that you travel through. I give Inside a 5 out of 5."
,Recommended,304430,24184788,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,General Cunt Stomper,"Fun game and if your a fan of LIMBO then you wont be disappointed, but i have to see the price tag may be too high this game takes around 3 hours to complete the story and after that there is no replayability, if you are not sure about this game  wait for a sale is my best bet."
,Recommended,304430,24220283,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ashyrat,"At first Inside seems like another member of a very overused genre. Someone blended Limbo and Heart of Darkness (the platformer) into a challenging puzzler with good controls and interesting level design.However what really sets this game apart, is the atmosphere. Inside has incredible art direction and sound design. I think I can risk saying that it is the most beautifully crafted game I have seen in a very long while, if not ever. As the game progresses the levels become more complex, and the vast underground complex you get to explore - incredibly freaky. If I would have to describe the tone of the story - I would say fear. You control a child that does his best to evade his oppressors. However he will often get brutally murdered if you mess up a sequence which in Limbo felt unreal, but here is pretty graphic and disturbing.The game is not cheap and you probably will not get a long experience out of it (it took me about four hours to complete, however it is worth a replay for the ""secret"" ending). But it is memorable, well-crafted and unique - such games should be celebrated."
76561198018388690,Recommended,304430,24236618,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ZIGGIE,"well, PLAYDEAD.....this is MASTERPIECE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am ( and will be for quite some time ) amazed with how you guys pulled this of in such perfection through every aspect. Superb, intelligent and visually perfect..I did not regret a single cent for this game, it's the perfect lenght for such a strong narrative and concept. Unique game in every sense of the word and should be crowned BEST GAME OF THE YEAR in my opinion because it definitely deserves it. All best PLAYDEAD with you future projects. I cannot recommend this game enough. PEACE !"
76561198379071588,Recommended,304430,35077273,Posted: 19 September,all,Aileen Huang,That... is VERY impressivethough I spent most of the time to find out the solutions for passing to the next level :D
,Recommended,304430,35132957,Posted: 22 September,all,Artemis Hawke,"If you like:√ A lone boy in a dark cruel world,√ A mind blowing atmosphere,√ A really smooth gameplay & animations,√ Idiot & brainless guys help you on your way,√ Rabid dogs chase you & slit your throat,√ A mad long black haired creature try to throttle you under water and make you pee your pants,√ A game far better than limbo,Then this game suits your sadomasochism perfectly."
76561198122238330,Recommended,304430,24169866,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,🅱️a🇹🇷i🇰™️👌,Good Game.Well paced and sometimes intense gameplay.Creepy atmosphere.But sadly a bit short.a solid 9/10
,Recommended,304430,29586060,Posted: 30 January,all,Almisuifre,Need morefine specimens of hypermagical ultraomnipotencelike this in gaming industry.
,Recommended,304430,33486500,Posted: 12 July,all,Raptorz,Really good and atmospheric game. Great story without a single word!
76561198031799936,Not Recommended,304430,26409862,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MY C0MPUTER,"It is a really good little game to playthrough once. That's it. Not worth $20You are paying for a 5 hours (max) experience. You might spend about 1 more hour going back to specific points in the game to unlock secrets, but the reward is small and in my opinion not worth the trouble.The gameplay is easy and should be thought of as just a medium for the story. There is really no challenge to the puzzles.This is unforunate because the game is really cool to play for the first time and the game never gets boring or dull.In my opinion I do not think INSIDE is worth the price and cannot recommend it unless it is on sale for over 60%."
76561198096018795,Recommended,304430,24296763,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,UncleBenny,"My, Oh My! This was quite an excellent computering game!You're able to control a tiny person on the display of the computer!There are no instructions or directions of any sort. Everything in this game you have to figure out for yourself. It reminded me of the time I left my parent's home and set out to be my own man. I had to discover the world for myself.After ending up lost in Mexico, I befriended a blind old man who told me he could see my future. He told me one day I'd be old and my hair would turn grey. But it's not about what's on the outside, it's about theinside.It wasn't until my nephew told me about this game, that I knew what he ment.With love,Uncle Benny"
,Recommended,304430,24270644,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fraddy  V™,masterpiece
,Recommended,304430,29119760,Posted: 8 January,all,GORDON FREEMAN,"I've been playing games for 20+ years and INSIDE is easily in the top 5 greatest games i've ever played.The game is just perfect. The animation makes movement and actions engaging and fluid. The dark and eerie atmosphere sets the tone for the story and the bleak location in the game.  The pacing is perfect, the game never skips a beat and you never feel like an event or a location doesn't fit with the overall game. It's as tight as it can be.The game took me 5.7 hours to complete (you might be able to finish it quicker, i'm just bad at puzzles), so you might compare the hours it takes to finish compared to the price of the game. Having finished the game, I think that the hours spent is irrelevant compared to the very high quality of the product. The developer has clearly created this game meticulously with a level of polish that puts most other developers to shame, so I find the £15 price point a very good deal for players."
,Recommended,304430,24191480,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Spooky Blue,"Though, I've never played LIMBO - there was no tone to be set upon playing this. Frankly, I loved it. I believe it was well worth my $20, and while many may disagree, due to the 3 hour playtime; I believe it is absolutely riveting. There is no	dialogue, and no set story at all. The entirety of the story is interpreted by the player. How would I interpret it, you may ask? Well how would anyone interpret this. The way I see the story laid out doesn't matter to someone else who thinks differently from myself. In essence: This is 'Synecdoche, New York' on drugs - art imitating life, imitating art imitating life, on a grand scale that we're not ready for yet. The story... Is what ever you want it to be.Game-play wise, the game is smooth, I experienced no crashes, frame-rate loss or lag. It is simply a perfect game in my eyes - the animation is subtle, and visually you can tell lot's of hard work, love, care and effort went into this project.Thank you for this game Playdead, truly inspiring.10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24309823,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SmelayaRoza,"INSIDE is a game that you have never experienced before and will never experience again. It is a story. It is a beauty and a confusion. And there is no other way to describe it. Follow your faceles little boy in a world that you will never truly comprehend and never truly believe. Evade dogs and masked people and creatures living deep in the water. Scurry around trying to solve puzzles and feeling stupid when you figure it out.The price may seem too much, but if you just stop and listen and watch what happens in the tiniest of moments. Listen to sounds of the faceless boy, watch his movements. This game is beautifully polished. From the background to the smallest interactions of characters.So if you feel like taking on an interesting adventure for a few interesting hours, I highly recommend this game.Good luck."
,Recommended,304430,24546137,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,tzumainn,"I wasn't a huge fan of Limbo.  Inside, developer Playdead's spiritual successor, plays much the same, and yet I liked it far more.  There are two main reasons for this.  First, although the action and puzzle mechanics are nearly the same in both games, they feel more even in Inside, with a nice variance in challenges that ensured I never felt impatient for something new.  Second, Inside has a far greater sense of plot, with a strange and strangely moving story that an observant player can piece together through gameplay.  Put both positives together and you have a game that feels both tighter, more complete, and simply more satisfactory than Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24171009,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,netoMX,It's so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I.N.G. great!
,Recommended,304430,24733100,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kelso,"INSIDE is wholeheartedly LIMBO 2 in every aspect but its name. It is dark, terrifying and gruesome; it features some of the best puzzle design in ages; and it's all wrapped in an absolutely beautiful art style, realized in the ever more impressive Unity engine."
76561197960403751,Recommended,304430,27380376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~}A{~TF2,"One of the best, if not one of the most creepy, games I've ever played.  The colors, animations, sounds (Oh God some of the sounds...), story, ""enemies"" and twist of a story, will go down as one of the most unique experiences I have ever had in my years of gaming.  Do not hesitate to buy at full price to experience this game.  If you liked LIMBO (or even if you didn't), and you have played and liked/loved games like Another World/Out Of This World, Heart of the Alien, Flashback (the original), Blackthorne, etc., you owe it to yourself and the developers to give this a go and enjoy the hell out of it!  Bravo, Playdead!"
76561198013068081,Recommended,304430,24167941,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Moon Man,"A very enjoyable game but it is only 3 hours long and £14.99 is pretty pricey so maybe hold off until a sale, at a discounted price maybe 20-30% this game would be totally worth it."
,Recommended,304430,29325993,Posted: 17 January,all,DeweyDecibel,"PSA: I would be wary of this game if you have a crippling fear of dogs, or are exceptionally weak stomached.INSIDE is a special game. The minimalist mechanics and art-style have been mined to their full depth through excellent puzzle design, painstaking attention to detail, and a sense of mystery that captivated me to the very end.The most immediately striking thing about INSIDE is the art design. There is an incredible amount of depth and detail conveyed within the limited pallet of greys, reds, and the occasional yellows. Every character and object is animated beautifully, and naturally - or explicitly unnaturally in some cases. The attention to detail applied to the physics helps to solidify this realism. Planks flex as you walk and jump on them to cross gaps. Fences shake as you climb over them. Boxes teeter realistically on ledges as you push them off. And chains and ropes swing with as much realism and weight as I have ever seen in any game. The movement (among everything else) in this world has weight. The boy stumbles as he lands a full-speed jump, or when he enters water, and you run slower in water than you do on dry land. All of these little details combine to make a consistent, real-feeling world.Interacting with the world is intuitive and nuanced. There are no button prompts anywhere in the game and only two buttons are used, yet you have a high amount of control over how you interact with objects, and I maybe only once or twice intended to do something but instead did something else. Mechanics are introduced in simple situations, ramped up, and combined to create a fair learning curve with a meaningful sense of progression and challenge. I reached a fail-state under a dozen times throughout the game, and none of those deaths felt unfair or necessary to find the solution. Subtle environmental cues are masterfully placed throughout the puzzles to help indicate the solution, but they don't take away any of the reward of figuring it out.The story is rather abstract and told entirely without words through the boy's actions and the world around him. It is uncomfortable, mysterious, and foreboding in tone, with no explicit answers provided. This may bother some, but if you're willing take it for what it is you'll find a story that will leave you with a feeling of uneasiness and wonder.INSIDE is a beautiful little game. I completed it in under 4 hours, though I missed the majority of secrets, making for an excellent game to play in an evening. This is worth playing entirely from an aesthetic and gameplay standpoint. The story may speak to you or it may not (I am somewhere in-between), but we can just call it a happy little bonus if it does!"
76561198060432032,Recommended,304430,24395354,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,"Truly Yours,Amirrad","when you hear that the game is from the creators of limbo,and then you just watch a trailer from the game,it is not that hard to understand that the game is another masterpiece which shares similarities with limbo.the puzzles are really well designed...the atmosphere is just right like limbo and the story...the game is not definitely explicit in storytelling and almost most of the story is left on your side to grasp(check reddit for discussion on the games's story and your mind will be blown by the various and often strange theories people present for the game's story)...there might be some who complain that the game is short...but trust me those short hours are so memorable that makes you wonder how the developers delivered so many amazing moments through this 3 -5 hour ride.inside is a must-play...I dont know if i can wait another 6 years for playdead's next game but I can hope that I am alive by then because I am 100 percent sure they care so much about their final product that they would never disappoint."
76561198000168606,Recommended,304430,24580826,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Shweychan,"This game will most likely break you. But it's worth it. I haven't been so perplexed, depressed and in awe at the same time in quite a long while. This game is just so beautiful, it's insane. Smart angles and monochromatic schemes make the game play so good. Best game I've played this year. There's also an alternative ending. Be sure to unlock it.10/10 worth buying."
,Recommended,304430,24832374,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Laphin Hyena,"INSIDE took me by surprise!!  Taking everything about LIMBO and making it better by far!No spoilers here, but the turning point near the end of the game... I would easily have paid money JUST for those moments.  So having them there was just BONUS for me.Entertaining puzzles and NEVER a boring moment while I was playing this game.  While not considered a 'horror' game.  INSIDE has some tense moments, ...and your heart WILL be beating!  If you want some good side-scrolling fun that is similar to classics like ""Out of This World"", ""Flashback"", or ""Abe's Osyssey"" (albeit puzzles aren't as difficult), then you REALLY need to pick this one up.If you'd like to watch me play some of the game.  Take a peek at the video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Zbr347DAE"
,Recommended,304430,24186047,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,neodos,"Short but fantastic atmospheric puzzle platformer with outstanding visuals, physics, top notch sound design and great story which is left for the player to puzzle together and perhaps make your own interpretations.If you enjoyed LIMBO you will enjoy this even more.The pacing is great, the game is immersive and while the puzzles felt easier than in the developer's predecessor game Limbo, they're a whole lot more interesting/clever/original and rewarding than in Limbo.The levels and puzzles are varied and the mechanics to solve puzzles evolve in how you can use them as you progress through the story, it feels organic rather than reusing mechanics, Inside challenges the player to find a new way to use a piece of the puzzle differently to solve a new problem, some of the ""keys"" to solve puzzles even tie into the story and serve to tell the story.The controls are responsive and the way the character reacts to the environment with a mix of physics and animation is surprisingly lifelike and beautifully done, the animation/physics on the character in the last few chapters is even more stunning and a great metaphor but I will leave it to that, not to spoil anything.As fallacious as it may sound to use this word, I have to say, this game is a masterpiece, sure, its short, but you are not paying for the time, you are paying for a high quality experience, the stunning visuals, sound and design, its clear TONS of work, polish and attention to detail went into making this game.Go blind, don't watch other people play the game, its a one time experience, its immersive and its best to discover and experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,304430,24188278,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,andromalin,"Holy sh*t, this is one helluva experience to play through.An incredible step up from Limbo in every way, too. From the ambience and sound effects, the intuitively designed puzzles, to even small details like idle animations changing depending on context, this game has some amazing polish.A+++"
,Recommended,304430,24406923,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,yyxkk,"An atmospheric, eerie, yet thoughtful, and definitely unforgettable adventure.Best cinematography I've ever seen in a platformer game.A truly masterpiece deserves to be owned(Please at least try the demo!!!) by every gamer who enjoys artistic games."
76561198319791208,Recommended,304430,24545036,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bexheber,"Truely beautiful, could be considered art. Also a genuinely fun game to play, with varied and interesting puzzles and one of the most fasinating ""stories"" (if you can call it that given you dont have much of clue whats happening for most it) I have seen."
,Recommended,304430,24209760,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tw1gs,"Wanted a game like LIMBO, received a game like LIMBO. INSIDE is atmospheric, twisted and beautiful. It's a fairly short game but definitely a good experience. Loved every minute of it!"
,Recommended,304430,24217341,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[BMS] redmotion,"3 hours of near perfection. A stunning, orignal depicition of a harsh, dark, future world. Nothing is explained. You have to make up your own mind what is about. For that reason it's a work of art. No dialog. No text. No tutorial. No GUI.3 hours of constant surprise and genius level design is worth the full price.The last 20 mins is a technical marvel.Mood and feel is reminiscent of Half Life 2, Portal and ...Akira."
,Recommended,304430,24210293,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Renegade,The thing at the end is creepy af!
,Recommended,304430,24204553,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LongZheng,"A worthwhile thriller experience. I didn't play Limbo but I heard a lot about this game. After seeing the visuals, I knew I had to get it. I was a bit worried about some of the puzzles being too difficult, but it turned out to be just the right complexity. Some parts I had to repeat 3-4 times but those complex puzzles were far and few in between. The soundtrack and pacing was just phenomenal."
76561197999546422,Recommended,304430,24218393,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,obrien1jj,"I got 5 hours of quality entertainment for $20, I don't think that's too bad (I should mention that like 1 or 2 of those hours were me going back and unlocking secrets after beating it).This game in particular is nice because it's easy to just jump into it and it doesn't have some big complex storyline to keep track of."
,Recommended,304430,24320336,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,NoBrakesGames,"Begin a huge fan of LIMBO I was really waiting to play INSIDE. And I loved the game. The biggest drawbacks for core player comes from the very noticeable path of going down the ""casualization"" route:* platformer part is made real easy - there are only couple of places where timing matters, compared to the very unforgiving LIMBO,* puzzles are also simplified greatly with all the shiny objects made to draw attention so it's impossible to miss the solution,* as failing was the core experience in LIMBO, they tried give some of it back by making several puzzles bigger - so you do something wrong just because the information needed to solve the puzzle is off screen. And this leads to another problem - sometimes having to walk quite long distances to replay those larger puzzles.Overall pace is much slower than limbo, but will all the good things it should keep you in flow:* there are fresh, interesting mechanics in the game.* there are few short puzzles where you fail fast and retry rapidly (like in Limbo),* the visuals are gorgeous,* the sound design is immersive,* the whole setting is very strange, atmospheric and cinematic,If you want a really polished experience that makes you wonder what they were smoking, you should really get INSIDE!"
,Recommended,304430,24207030,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,nevevism,"I can say nothing but ""thank you .it pulled me down from the real world.like swam in the darkness and catch a bit of ligtht.thank you playdead."
,Recommended,304430,24207394,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kan3da.,"Finished it in around 3 hours. Easily worth the price of admission, i enjoyed it more than any recent theater movie which comes in at the same price tag. As expected, there is nothing to the end here, though i didnt expect to be surprised, but was, at least twice, during it. ;)Its a visual (joy)ride. A brilliant one.About Meat."
,Recommended,304430,33356019,Posted: 7 July,all,MGMons,"SummaryA wonderful atmospheric puzzle/adventure game that constantly made me gasp in awe by its creepy atmosphere and setting, brilliant sound design, amazing visuals, immersive and mind-boggling (visual) story(telling) that left me thinking about it long after it was gone from the screen. The outstanding level of detail that's been put in the environments, physics, sound design and soundtrack, NPC and character interactions is what truly makes this game unique. I immediately felt compelled to replay it as soon as I finished it. It's short and that's part of its appeal. Some puzzles/sequences are trial-and-errors that often end in the character's death and restarting which breaks the otherwise perfect (!) flow of the game.Strongbrilliant visuals; the game feels like a movie that you watch without realizing that you're actually playing a game; environments are eerie, creepy and weird; nothing seems out of place; not everything is immediately transparent of its purpose and nature but you feel they are there somewhere;brilliant sound design; stuff breaks and crackles, water splashes, footsteps echo in empty and damp corridors, leaves shuffle, pain is audible; the soundtrack is brilliant, ties into what happens on screen perfectly;environmental storytelling through visuals and sound at its finest;multi-layered story that makes you pause and just sink in what's happening on and off screen;Weakpuzzles and ""chase"" sequences break that immersion and make you feel that you're playing a game;Random musings(skip this if you're not interested in such)As you might have noticed I've praised the game a lot and that may raise a flag. I'm not a big fan of 2D walking simulators/platformers. This game took me by surprise and I forgot that it was such a game mechanically. The atmosphere of the game and the level of detail put by the developers are outstanding. On numerous ocassions I tried stuff just to test the developers only to be surprised by the fact that they've thought about this too! Some character interactions were surprisingly satisfying. From an audiophile perspective the sound design and execution were out of this world. There was a sequence where soundtrack, sounds and gameplay blended in one perfect moment that's still with me. Brilliant. At some point I was so immersed in the game world that certain sequences/environment made me gasp for a few seconds while I was processing what was happening. And so on but I stop here for the sake of not boring you more.VerdictIf you liked what I'd stressed above, then just buy and play the game."
,Recommended,304430,24758637,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ivi1010111,Some amazing production quality here. All the tiny bits of animation together with that overall artstyle and that sound disign are just stunning. The thing was in development for about six years and it pretty much shows.The game itself is a somewhat stealthy sidescrolling platformer with a kind of physics puzzly stuff and a largely ♥♥♥♥ed up story. You will run through it in a couple hours(though it took me six) and gonna feel confused afterwards. But you might wanna come back.
,Recommended,304430,32589355,Posted: 20 June,all,Gilbu,"The fact that this is my first review says a lot: Playdead'sINSIDEwas so striking as both a game and a piece of art that I couldn't resist singing its praises.PROSIncredible and coherent art direction (I had my finger held on my screenshot key - it's that beautiful)Unspoken, yet intriguing storyChallenging and interesting puzzlesEffective (if understated) sound designPick up and play - the simple controls tell you everything you need to know.CONSPerhaps a little short - this is a one sitter or a few hours playSHOULD I BUY?I personally boughtINSIDEin a bundle with Playdead'sLIMBO, so it was a little cheaper than usual. That being said, this game (and more importantly, its developers) are worth the full asking price. If you're a fan of puzzles, dystopian atmospheres, or just love seeing the result of passionate work, I fully recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,304430,29024243,Posted: 4 January,all,Colossal,"Amazing game. What it lacks in length, it makes up for in quality tenfold. Visuals, audio, design, and atmosphere are perfect. A majority of the gameplay is plaforming, with a fair amount of really well-made puzzles with interesting mechanics. The story is mostly subtle, and a lot of it is left up to player interpretation. If you're bad at picking up on context clues or reading the environment you probably won't get a lot of the story that's there - even if you are there's going to be a lot of mystery. I got the game on sale, but I think I'd be comfortable paying full price for it.It's also worth noting that this doesn't suffer from any of the shortcomings LIMBO (Playdead's previous game) did - there's no trial and error and mechanics are introduced naturally and organically. The game is perfect, pick it up."
,Recommended,304430,27211803,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Makoto Nijima ( ◜◡‾)っ✂,"DO NOT READ ANY GUIDES BEFORE COMPLETELY PASSING THE GAME!!!Trust me, if you read guides before playing or when you play the game, it will ruin your whole game experience.Another thing is, if you never play horror game before, and doubt whether buy this or not, the only thing I can tell you is this game is not horror at all. It is just a little ""dark"", and it needs you to  open your brain and solve those puzzles.Don't hesitate, just buy it!"
,Recommended,304430,30998349,Posted: 7 April,all,supernaut,"Inside is the Half-Life 2 of puzzle-platformers, where smart design meets accessibility. Playdead continues to explore some seriously dark themes with their second game, released 6 years after Limbo, but it's so brilliantly designed that I was laughing during almost every level. I was constantly surprised and despite the 4-5 hour playthrough, I am still thinking about it, I want to play it again for its sheer brilliance and to see the alternate ending. Inside is hands down my favorite game of 2016 and has every right to be called a work of art. Last night it won 4 BAFTAs for Artistic Achievement, Game Design, Narrative and Original Property. Not a single word is spoken in the game and yet, the BAFTA for Narrative is more than deserved."
,Recommended,304430,24434460,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,[LoG] WordSlice,"Oh my god, this game is straight up incredible. The visuals are outrageously glorious and it feels super smooth.Also, regardless of how much people vaguely talk about the ""thing"" that happens, you'll never see it coming. A glorious hook."
,Recommended,304430,24270958,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Machinae,"There're those games that take you on a journey holding your hand and guiding through the obstacles and plot twists. Together, you discover all the wonders of a new marvellous world, and in the end you're feelling as if you've been watching a decent movie. That's not one of those games, though.There're those games that go for a more hardcore approach. They set you on a journey with dozens of traps on your way to the end, and then reward you with an essential piece of the story that opens your eyes and changes the whole understanding of the world you've been going through. Well, not the case again.And then there're some indie games, the art-house ones in the most dreadful meaning of the word. You know them - The Void, The Endless Forest, fl0w, The Path, Antichamber and dozens more. They literally suck you into their's world with no explanations and no goals. You're not playing those projects, you experience them. And even in the end, after all those hours spent in the most bizzare places, you're not rewarded in the reasonable fashion. You're just being thrown back to your everyday life yet with a new mark left onto your miserable soul. And that's exactly the case of Inside. I have no freaking idea what the hell happened there, yet it's the second day in a row I'm unable to throw this game out of my mind. It is perfect in the way it is supposed to be. It leaves you with a peculiar concepts (shown with an incredible art sense) that are yet to be decrypted. Maybe, you'll be the first one to do it."
,Recommended,304430,24306415,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,bingostar826,Wow. What an AMAZING game!!!
,Recommended,304430,25022442,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Code: Marla,"Like ""Limbo"", but better in every possible way."
76561198031073876,Recommended,304430,24196586,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr.Nixon,"This is a small piece of art. A hell of a work with unbelievable attention to plenty of tiny things that usually stay unnoticed by player’s consciousness but brings very deep emersion.Beyond making this beautiful and deeply thought game, the developers (25 ppl team) shared some of their unique tech with other mere indie devs as opensource:https://github.com/playdeadgames/temporalKudos.- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
,Recommended,304430,24172495,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,taintshank,I can never unsee the things I saw.
76561198037857428,Recommended,304430,33160555,Posted: 2 July,all,Convictions,"I was a fan of Limbo, and Inside was so much better..."
,Recommended,304430,24168797,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FMPONE,A satisfyingly unsatisfying experience.
76561198026301295,Recommended,304430,30953406,Posted: 4 April,all,ev450,"Wow, that went from ""This is exactly like LIMBO"" to ""This is unlike anything I've ever played before"" in a hurry."
76561197993728663,Recommended,304430,24195374,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mfinger :: UA,Simply one of the most beautiful and atmospheric games I ever played. Gameplay reminds me Price of Persia + Another World + Flashback + Dead Light. Highly recommend.
76561197999118165,Recommended,304430,24207646,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Klapperschlingel Ranicki,I am speechless. One of the best videogames I have ever played.
,Recommended,304430,33918060,Posted: 30 July,all,Dabbss,the blob tho.
,Recommended,304430,24265657,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Orbnhoj,"Fantastic game, easily worth the money if this style of game is your thing. Great design, awesome sound, chilling story."
,Recommended,304430,27809084,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,White Mamba,Game of the Year 2016 <
76561198055435657,Recommended,304430,24745222,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,the_stines,No one will read this but the game is really good
76561198059929951,Recommended,304430,29885328,Posted: 12 February,all,Elisyn,"If the game still haunts you months after you've played it, then you know it was truly a great one!  <3 ^_^"
76561198029249931,Recommended,304430,24254728,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,rota,"Stunning little art-piece. It's only 3 hours long, but the experience will definitely stay with you for a long time. For a price of an Imax ticket, I think it's more than fair."
,Recommended,304430,24607688,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Seren,Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. Get it now.
,Recommended,304430,29120746,Posted: 8 January,all,Moath,Creepingly Amazingbut short.
,Recommended,304430,28400891,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mark,If you like LIMBO then you'll love INSIDE. It has the same basic controls and gameplay as it's predecessor although it is much more refined in almost every way. Oh and the story gets pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up near the end. 10/10
76561198017780259,Recommended,304430,28195981,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Doctor D,A really really good game. Only down side is that it was quite short. Completed it in 5 hours.
76561197968473720,Recommended,304430,25430486,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,pooder,"These guys are the masters of telling a story without any dialogue. If you played Limbo, then you must play this. I was completely glued the whole time I was playing."
,Recommended,304430,24201368,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BBqWoa!,"Inside like a few others (Half Life 2, Alien Isolation...) is a perfect example of games as high art.Inside presents a world that is simultaneously engrossing and objectionable, addictive and utterly hostile..The game convinces you that you 'have it all figured out' and then constantly serves you humility and awe..The game is completely beautiful. It feels absolutely perfect. Play with a controller (as it is intended) and you get a totally organic gaming experience full of shock, wonder, mystery, disgust, derision, releif, joy, spectacle and accomplishment.It left me speechless and horrified and also totally contented.The 'value per dollar' (which is honestly bordering on insulting with a game this good) is very high. This is a cheap product that provides a solid amount of gameplay, and lots of replay potential. (if only to challenge your friends when they visit; ""How long can you last?""Put your friends and relatives on level one and judge their character based on the efficiency of their playthrough and their emotional reactions to the lore.Basically a perfect game. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24357460,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WarezWaldo,"Like LIMBO before it, INSIDE is a moody and atmospheric puzzle platformer set in a strange and eerie world, only this time everything is ramped up to eleven. This is by far one of the most polished games I have ever played. Every single frame of this game is like a beautifully composed picture. I seriously cannot fathom how meticulously animated, lit and designed this game is. While I did find some of the puzzles a bit tedious, there is a great variety in terms of puzzle/level design. I think INSIDE shines the most in its world building and the way it manages to create a coherent yet ambiguous story that ramps up as it goes along."
,Recommended,304430,24370306,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Au-heppa,My GOTY will be between this and XCOM 2.
,Recommended,304430,24187563,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dong Kong,"Just... Beautiful, Credit to playdead they deserve it."
76561198015689778,Recommended,304430,24176355,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,buzz,Totally awesome!
76561198024969431,Recommended,304430,24204631,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,analogue.trash,"I haven't felt this way after playing a game since ""Journey"""
,Recommended,304430,24193734,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,󠀡,Right from the start you will recognize Playdead's unique storytelling.A true masterpiece and worthy successor of Limbo!
,Recommended,304430,24199028,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,stone_house,"Possibly the most stunningly beautiful game (of its type) that I've ever played. I recommend going in to it with an open mind, knowing as little about it as possible. Play it in the dark, with headphones. Alone. Enjoy."
,Recommended,304430,24353413,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Chunnion,"INSIDE is a triumph of a game.Playdead's latest offering is a beautifully crafted puzzle platformer which will be familiar to those who enjoyed LIMBO. The basic gameplay is pretty much identical to its spiritual predecessor, with actions limited to movement, grabbing and jumping. With these simple controls, INSIDE manages to provide a good variety of challenges. Puzzles are novel in each new section of the game's world, keeping the player engaged as the mechanics are not given time to grow stale. Secret areas allow for exploration and extra puzzles.The graphical and sound quality of the game is truly superb. INSIDE's world manages to be both deeply unpleasant and awe-inspiring. Bleak farmyards, vast warehouses and derelict science facilities are all rendered in a style which evokes wonder mingled with a sense of dread. The game's audio serves to further this feeling with appropriate soundscapes accompanying the various areas, ranging from simple ambient noises to mournful, weeping synth tones to the stopping power of total silence. Animation quality is also to be applauded, our protagonist coming to life marvellously despite his faceless appearance.Without spoken word, INSIDE allows the player to take away a story in a way that greatly exceeds what LIMBO managed. Few facts are delivered directly to us, yet the design of the world itself allows much speculation on events, past and present. Players should expect many more unanswered questions than answered ones. It is worth noting that the story does have moments that are best played rather than read about, those wishing the best experience should buy sooner rather than later to avoid those spoilers.In summary, INSIDE is a wonderful experience, both artistically and from a gameplay point of view. Greater in scope and darker in tone than LIMBO, it manages to offer the player something quite different.Even at a pricetag of £14.99, INSIDE is a must buy for fans of LIMBO or those seeking a puzzle platformer with engaging gameplay and a beautiful atmosphere.  Highly recommended."
76561198014193881,Recommended,304430,24309715,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Afla,This game is weird. I like it.
,Recommended,304430,24227179,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dark Cypher,Amazing game !!! reminds me of a modern day Another World but it drips with style and polish. can not stop playing it. I want more and im not even finished yet.
,Recommended,304430,24346926,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,safwangba,"You like LIMBO?This is 10000% for youThings i don't likeDOGSEcho-sound-bullet that you cannot see.WATER-TYPE GHOST from Amnesia, this time you can see it x_x9/10, best game everNo need to be on sale, the price itself is worth it"
,Recommended,304430,24368280,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JustForFun,"Limbo was a great game, this one's even better. Awesome graphics and sound design, incredible atmosphere and very intense gaming experience. Definitely 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24402487,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rankenphile,An absolutely breathtaking successor to Limbo. Every moment feels delightfully hand-crafted and cared over. Masterfully paced and executed. Not to be missed.
,Recommended,304430,24242788,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,PosełAProkurator,Scary (rating M is there for a reason) and yet totally immersive game (playing at night recommended). The atmosphere and mood are great. As artsy as a game can get. They have definitely set the bar high. Gameplay could be longer.
,Recommended,304430,24176991,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,octopus,"Have you played Limbo and enjoyed it?This one is even better.No reason to write a review, you must experience this masterpiece yourself. Go unprepared.Meet you all in 2022 when a new game from Playdead comes out."
,Recommended,304430,24744643,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bulovski,Lovely atmospheric adventure. There are tons of Limbo-like moments - but towards the end it goes into a whole new level (without spoiling anything). At one place there is definitely a Riven-like feel (people who have finished both games should know what I am talking about). The length of the game is very good. The atmosphere is top notch. The puzzles are great - and never too tough - except the final one.Highly recommended.
76561198142419917,Recommended,304430,24190497,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TitanWave,"Coming from the people who made limbo, i expected something that would truly amaze me. However they just blew my mind. I get the same feeling from when i first played limbo but something about this experience is so unlike anything i've ever experienced before. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,304430,24566024,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BannedPlayer,"Inside is awesome! The puzzles are quite simple in nature but they are so well crafted. I enjoyed them so much and the art direction for this game is fantastic. Its so atmospheric and weird, i love it.  A great game and a complete mind f*ck. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24303950,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,baderlee,kaicooper87Inside is the game i've waited for long long long time..a surreal..darkatmospheric expericne..never seen game like this before..yes its SHORTu can beat it in 3-4 hours ..i wish it was longer..BUTthis game..when u start playing it..u'll just finish playing it..u wont leave urcouch till u r Done..one of the best ever
76561197998825270,Recommended,304430,25461784,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The Dorf,"Inside is the follow up to Playdead studio's 2010 critical success Limbo. Playing Inside will feel very familiar if you've played Limbo previously. Even though their gameplay is nearly identical, the two game's universes are not related in any way that is expressed explicitly by the game and you don't need to have played Limbo before Inside or anything like that. Inside begins, like its predecessor, with no narrative or explanation as you control a boy in a highly stylized world who runs to the right and tries to avoid the many dangers along the path of right-running. Inside never really deviates from the formula laid out by Limbo. Instead, Inside seems more interested in being the most highly polished version of what Limbo was.Immediately noticeable is Inside's distinct art style. It's not strictly the same style as Limbo's, but I had the same response to gorgeous and striking visuals as I did when playing Playdead's first title. Not only is the art style highly polished, but the animations are noticeably very smooth. Every animation seamlessly flows into the next in a way that is both very impressive and also makes me wonder exactly how much time it took the animators and programmers to accomplish what they did.If you haven't played Limbo, Inside is a puzzle platformer at its core. Most puzzles involve manipulating background physics objects or buttons or switches in such a way that will open a blocked path and allow you to progress. There is death in the game, but your character immediately respawns in nearly the same location you were before, except maybe the puzzle room is reset. Dying is included in the game for the most part to just serve the functional purpose of informing the player that they got the solution to the puzzle wrong. It's more about puzzles than platforming and I'd even say, especially in the case of Inside, it's more about experiencing the strange game world and the story than it is about solving puzzlesIt's a little difficult to talk about the story and themes of Inside without spoiling anything, but there is absolutely no dialogue and no cutscenes. All of the story is communicated through the gameplay, the background elements and artwork and also through environmental storytelling. This is something I really appreciate since it's so much more difficult to tell an interesting story in a non-traditional fashion such as this one.Just like Limbo, Inside is a short-ish puzzle platformer in a visually striking world. Your opinion of Inside will likely be the same as Limbo, but if you've never experienced a Playdead game before, I'd recommend giving Inside a shot. It's a dark and beautiful game world that's worth checking outFor more reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,304430,31186279,Posted: 16 April,all,R4VEN,I played few chapters but it was fun!
,Recommended,304430,28504888,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Liberteen,"An atmospheric 2.5D puzzle-platformer sidescrolling adventure title.Deaths are frequent and sometimes unavoidable if you're not careful enough as you advance, but they’re actually lessons that teach you both what to do and what not to do.There is no single dialogue (at least as far as I advanced in the game) or any hints pointed out to the player. The puzzles are highlighted with colors and you're on your own to figure them out.The game is very dark in nature and mostly silent, except occasional musical cues.I would definitely recommend INSIDE to those who enjoy casual puzzle solving. A very unique experience if I may say so."
,Recommended,304430,24642266,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lauri,"Wow, this game went from 0 to a 100 real quick.10/10."
,Recommended,304430,24211474,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Darth Biomech,"Inside is very stylistic, beautiful, and OMG disturbing as hell. The atmosphere is VERY thick.The story is not explained and becomes kinda convoluted near the end, however.Fairly often you just stuck keeping pushing ""left"" or ""right"" button, waiting for your character getting from here to there. But this lets you concentrate on the backgrounds of this game, which are gorgeous, so I'm not sure if that's a downside or not.So, overall: short, beautiful, creepy, mysterious, must play."
,Recommended,304430,32456267,Posted: 15 June,all,7stringTheory,"Inside is an atmospheric 2d side scroller puzzle game, made by the people behind the game Limbo.Inside is similar, but everything is on a much larger scale, and I found the puzzles to be easier than in Limbo - maybe to focus more on the dark atmosphere and ""storyline"" of the game.Loved it!"
,Recommended,304430,30962538,Posted: 5 April,all,hardstyler081,"This game is awesome, it has its ""OH NO"" with the things they do to you. It's creepy, what's with the mindless people and what happen to this place, has plenty of suspense and thrills all tied around puzzle solving. The Less is More way the game is animated works so well.I have no issue with the price I paid for the game, it was discounted which did prompt me to buy. I most likely would of waited for INSIDE to go on sale if I didn't get the discount but that has more to do with the AUS to USD convertion than the game it's self.If you like LIMBO you will like INSIDE."
76561198200666395,Recommended,304430,33221923,Posted: 4 July,all,Dr.Alienware 🖤,that game is so creepy :P 9.5/10
76561198039437973,Recommended,304430,32368260,Posted: 12 June,all,Ricardo,"PROS:Very immersiveGreat atmoshere/ dark and sometimes morbid if you're into that sort of thingVery satisfying to figure out the more complicated puzzlesOccasionally very nerve-wracking. I got goosebumps a few timesCONS:The game is short. I beat it in 4-5 hours. I feel I got my moneys worth at a little over $10 while it was on sale. For $20, the full price I would not buy this game.Many of the puzzles I only figured out by trial and error. Maybe it's just me but I had to die to figure out what was happening in some areas. Maybe that's only a personal complaint and it might not bug most people.Considering I payed only a little over $10 for this game while it was on sale, I can say the pros outweigh the cons for sure.  This was a fun game!"
76561198323900469,Recommended,304430,25025450,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,I7IESEL,"INSIDE is an absolute masterpiece. In some cases it seems to be simple in its platforming aspects, yet it has depth and character beyond its predecessor. This is not to say LIMBO was a bad game by any means but INSIDE takes everything that was great about LIMBO and builds on it to form something truly amazing. The lighting and enviornments are simple yet beutiful. And the narrative is fantastic. If you enjoyed LIMBO then give INSIDE a try, it is a gem that nobody should miss."
,Recommended,304430,33245028,Posted: 4 July,all,guvkon,"Wonderful game with gorgeous animations and mysterious story set in a dystopian world. If you constantly ask yourself about the world, story, and what's going on then you will love the ending. Otherwise, you might feel unsatisfied by it. But I would argue that journey alone worth a 5-hour playthrough.P.S. The wind/force area is now my favorite location of all games."
76561198022290551,Recommended,304430,24374227,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Neon141,A rather interesting game. Very subtle storytelling with quite creative puzzles. Fantastic atmosphere with an enjoyable art style. Clocks in at about three hours.If you would prefer to see the game We've done a full playthrough here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DoyZaEeRL4&t=3776s
76561198040934936,Recommended,304430,32558106,Posted: 18 June,all,WSpicey,+ Dripping in atmosphere+ Wholly unique and mysterious setting+ No filler; nothing is wasted+ Ending is certainly memorable- Only one way to solve the puzzles so it kind of plays itself- Expensive for a 3-4 hour game that you'll only play once
76561198018775954,Recommended,304430,24637585,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SuperJim,It's a sick game)))Puzzles are way too easy.9/10.
,Recommended,304430,24331866,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,bullex,"LIMBO 1.25. INSIDE for me is LIMBO, slightly upgraded in certain areas and downgraded in others.What's good:+ gorgeous 2,5d graphics  (3d backgrounds, 2d 'main' plane that you use to move)+ fantastic particle effects and physics effects+ dark atmosphere enhanced by intense color palette+ few interesting puzzles and 'plot twists'What's bad:- imo puzzles are less interesting than LIMBO ones and there's much less of them overall- a lot of running around (LIMBO had this too, but it was less frustrating)- annoying underwater puzzles- 3 hours of gameplay for 20$/€So yea, it's like slightly more frustrating (to navigate) LIMBO with different (arguably better) graphics and less puzzles. Not bad overall."
,Recommended,304430,24171900,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Baby Duka,"As a big fan of Abe's Oddysee and Heart of Darkness, I truly had a feeling of experiencing that same feeling of wonder as one landscape after the other openened up before my eyes, one more amazing than the other. A new world to discover.The game is breathtaking, scary, beautiful and probably one of the best games I've ever played. The animations, lights, levels, sounds and story all set a high standard for what to expect from cinematic platformers 2016 and beyond.Play it with headphones in a dark room."
76561197996051788,Recommended,304430,24177413,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,VASC,"Okay so first off, this game's tech is amazing. I wont say what happens near the end of the game, but I just want to say the tech in this game is absolutely astonishing. I have never seen such amazing physical animation in my life. This game was amazing to play, and I didnt want to stop. Secondly, I cannot ♥♥♥♥ing wait for future games from these dev's. Great ♥♥♥♥ing job guys. Un ♥♥♥♥ing real.12/10"
,Recommended,304430,25004586,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,שєгץ ภเςєย,"Played through the whole game including all 14 hidden Power Orbs and the Alternative Ending. 10/10 Would and will play through this game at least a few more times. From the art to the gameplay, puzzles and underlying message, it's well worth $20. Let's just say, I would not Hold The Door on this one guys ;)"
76561198068463203,Recommended,304430,24173804,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Allblack Panda,Everything about this game was amazing
,Recommended,304430,24174908,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,venom,"I'm around 1h in as I'm writing this review, and I'm quite surprised. As a big fan of LIMBO, this is as close to a successor as I could have ever hoped for. The mechanics are simple, the puzzles are clever, and the setting uncanny. But don't think that this is all, Playdead presents enough new ideas to keep you guessing.Great platformer, can see myself playing through this again and again. Go ahead and buy it! :)"
76561198075242845,Recommended,304430,24173206,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,brendonwai,Great extension of everything that made Limbo an awesome game. Creepy and ambient and fun as hell. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,304430,24194410,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DannyRodriguez,That certainly was... insane.
,Recommended,304430,32347981,Posted: 11 June,all,Cat With a Gun,"I was reluctant to get this game, and I am glad I got it on sale. It is overall an excellent puzzle game with an unspoken story. The elements of the game are fun and interesting, but it is rather short. I would not reccomend paying full price for this game, as there is not a lot of content. But, the content that is does have is great!"
76561198079426358,Recommended,304430,24324280,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Jova7469,"When I saw this game, and saw that it was made by the same people who made Limbo, I had to give it a shot. Really happy I did. For such a simple game, it really hooked me.The art style is fantastic, and it really is gorgeous at times. Not overly colorful, but what colors are in, really stand out.The movement is really fluid and the controls are super easy to get use to. I ended up changing them to the usual WASD config., along with a the other buttons close by.The sound isn't overbearing, and can be a bit soothing. Really sets the mood for the game.I really enjoyed the puzzles. Some were easy, and some were a bit more complicated, but not so hard, that I couldn't figure it out on my own. One puzzle I was stuck on, when I found the solution, I just laughed cause it was staring at me right in face the whole time.I couldn't stop playing, and ended up finishing it, and wishing there was more.This is my first review I've ever written for a game, which should tell you how much I like it. I look forward to seeing what else Playdead puts out. They have a fan in me, and I totally recommend this game to anyone and everyone!"
76561198102291145,Recommended,304430,24324679,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,dcphotos1985,"Best game I've played in awhile, the art style and overall tone is spot on. The game makes you think (The best ones do), it pulls at all cords of emotions and morals. It's short and sweet (maybe a little too short for the asking price). Replayability is there but not as high as other games. Collectibles. Playing through again may shed more light on a story told completely by visual and audio cues. Highly recommended must buy!"
,Recommended,304430,24365956,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"Don't even want to come close to spoiling anything so I'll just say the art direction, sound, and pacing in this game are sublime. Spend an evening to play straight through and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,304430,32766947,Posted: 25 June,all,Synthorange,MY INSIDE experience:Wow what a pretty game.Jeez whats going on here?Aw crap okay its that kind of game?oh♥♥♥♥♥♥whats going onoh god what's going onwhat the ♥♥♥♥ is going onwhat in the holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥is going on hereaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAaaaaAAAAAA...aaaa....
,Recommended,304430,29448169,Posted: 23 January,all,woon,"This game have a very deep story, which make me give only high mark~"
,Recommended,304430,28567399,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Strange,"INSIDE is an indie game. You play as a boy who are hunted and travel alone to many places.PROS:- Uncompromising atmosphere- Cleverly incorporated puzzles- Puzzles are diverse, not repetitive or frustrating- Flawless, clean 2.5D visuals- Top notch sound and music- Achievements as an extra reward--------------------------------------------------------------CONS:- Game length, to whom it matters; Inside can be finished in 5 hrs if you're in a hurry(Much less of a problem than Limbo) A few unforgiving trial and error puzzles- No graphics or resolution settingsOverall, I give this game 8/10. I highly recommend this game to those Indie fans."
76561198001224494,Recommended,304430,27919275,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Venture,"Where do I even begin:INSIDE is an amazing game. It gave me a sense of wonder that few games have.-Absolutely beautiful game, a world full of atmosphere-Inventive gameplay that will make you go ""wtf?!"" in the best way possible-Unforgettable-Intense-Great soundtrack-Fun puzzles; not too difficult, not too easyI would compare it to Journey or maybe Portal 1. Short but sweet.I strongly disagree with anyone who says it is too short. Yes, it is only about 4-5 hours, however, I would gladly choose an intense, memorable 4 hours of gameplay over hundreds of hours of the same old shooter.I rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,25270656,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BsJoyce,"The game delivers an exceptional experience and is well worth the £15 price. I've never been interested in Indie or puzzle games before as my games are mostly fps based, but Inside is an exception to this. Inside has a short play-time, however dosn't dissapoint, in the fact that the whole time I was playing I felt incredibly immersed within it and that I was actually the boy character in this game.£15 is a steep price for a game of this length, taking me just over 3 hours to complete, however despite the short time frame I would still strongly recommend this game to any gamer out there, as it is truly one of the best games on the market."
,Recommended,304430,24173444,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mago,Easily the best game I've played this year. The atmosphere and fluidity of animations are incredible. Definitely a must play for Limbo fans.
,Recommended,304430,24174261,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pampack,"This game is wrong.  Nearly everything you encounter in it is wrong, the idea behind it is wrong, and you will feel wrong after playing it....  But thats exactly what makes it one of the best games I have ever played."
76561198065716225,Recommended,304430,24651167,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FaceYourDemons,For years that ive waited to LIMBO's developers (PLAYDEAD) to make another game like LIMBO and wow they nailed it.INSIDE is not very long but it shouldnt be one i love every corner of this game LIMBO was easly somewhere in my top 10 games and INSIDE might replace LIMBO ( PLAYDEAD please release LIMBO 2 please please!)I dont even need to tell you the story of the game its something that youll need to see it by yourself.And i must say the artistic design of the game is one of my favorite kind of design.
76561198042890006,Recommended,304430,28808255,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Baggins,The best singleplayer game I've played this year.
,Recommended,304430,28963803,Posted: 2 January,all,DelishCommish,"This game isn't really that scary, it's more atmospheric and creepy. I can't imagine why you wouldn't like it. Perfect length and very conceptual. Will definitely be playing again."
76561197970284533,Recommended,304430,28191662,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Abattoir,"As a lover of a good conspiracy theory, this game did not disappoint.  Secret (government?) agencies, massive, vast, foreboding secret laboratories and underground secret confines.  Unexplainable structures, machines and mysterious devices.  Technologies that defy explanation, that leave your imagination in awe and sheer horror of their unknown power, source, or reason for being.The gameplay is smooth, the visuals a dream.  The scale of the game zooms close to the character when in small rooms to enhance wonderful detail.  Out in the open, in some cases, the camera pulls far back to flood your mind and senses with the sheer massiveness of structures, ominous outlines of buildings designed for things you can only imagine.  It makes you feel as though you've stumbled upon something of immense, costly, and terrifying power and secrecy.The puzzles, while posing some challenge, thought, and planning ahead at times, are not too advanced that they break gameplay.  I went through the entire game in one smooth playthrough.The ending was a delight.  Unexpected.  It left me sitting in my chair for many minutes afterwards contemplating what I had just experienced.  It left me with more questions than answers, in a good way.  If a game or movie leaves me feeling this way in a positive fashion, I consider it a great success.This is only the second review I've left on Steam.  After playing Inside, I was compelled to share my experience.  If you love secrecy, conspiracy theories, secret government theories, the unexplained, or feelings of awe, wonder or terror, this game will not disappoint.My only displeasure is the length of the game.  3 - 4 hours.  It left me craving for more but it was one hell of a ride.On a positive note the alternate ending is worth the time to access.  It certainly sheds light on the entirety of the story once you’ve completed it for the first time."
,Recommended,304430,28757823,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,(ELΘHiM)972,"[SPOILERS AHEAD]Playdead did it again!Inside is a Puzzle,Platoformer game that retains the formula from it's predecessor; Limbo. With a little extra extra added into it.Although Inside is not a thriller genre game, Inside provide thrills that ranges from humans to dogs to environment and to Mermaids.The Platformers are pretty basic and the puzzles are fit for beginners although some are hard,But I managed to finish the game without looking at any guides whatsoever.The Story follows a young boy and his journey to escape a Brainwashing/Manipulation Facility.Even though you were trying to escape in the first place. You were still INSIDE. All that time that you thought you've escaped the Thugs or the Facility,the game ♥♥♥♥s your mind from the fact that you were never outside,you were always have been INSIDE.Pros:-The artstyle of the game is very minimalistic and pretty.-The music really tense you up and fits with the current mood of the game/scene.-The Story has a lot of twists but the ending is got to be the best.Cons:-Some levels are hard to beat,but not THAT hard.-For a game that costs $7,the game is pretty short,just like Limbo.-The Ending was pretty much a cliche ending but it makes you wonder what happens next?-Mermaid.As that said,Inside deserves the awards that the game recieved also it could have been this years Indie Game of the Year or just Game of the Year in General. INSIDE is defenitely one of the best games that is out there so far,Beating it's predecessor LIMBO.I rate the game 10/10."
76561197993111196,Recommended,304430,27603615,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,IronAwe,"This game is gorgeous. Right from the start, even with the relatively slow pace of the game, it grabs you and refuses to let go. Impressively, with no language either written or spoken, they manage to wrest your empathy and attention throughout and build an incredibly engaging story and world. The backgrounds and animation are superb, and the atmosphere soul achingly engaging.The puzzles start light and gradually start to surprise you with their complexity and originality. The characters and creatures you encounter in the game are ruthless and brutal and all work together to create an oppressed and disparaging world that you never want to leave.A puzzle platformer at the height of it's game. Must have."
,Recommended,304430,28918073,Posted: 1 January,all,D`MOELESTAR,"Graphics are far better than LIMBOThe physics are far better than LIMBOThis got more intense feeling than LIMBOMusics are around the same as LIMBObut the puzzle, not that good, LIMBO got better puzzlebut this got me like ""DUDE WHAT?"" at the endfinished it around 3 hours3 hours for around $7 in my countryfair enough"
76561198263941306,Recommended,304430,25072395,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Humza,"You mostly go left and right and up and down and push and pull stuff but damn the story behind this game is anything but simple. Superb animations, visuals and sound. You'll come back once or twice to experience the alternate ending but the lack of replay value is an annoyance, oh and the dogs too."
,Recommended,304430,24279030,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,blank,"This game is great! It's short but you're always faced with new content, and it doesn't get repetitive.10/10"
76561198001479225,Recommended,304430,28011977,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,d[-_-]b,Utterly Brilliant
,Recommended,304430,24253940,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,AsinoEsel,Good game but maybe a bit too pricy for some (game is ~4 hours).Don't buy it for the puzzling and platforming alone. Buy it primarily for its beautiful atmosphere and polished visuals.
76561197962006058,Recommended,304430,28134992,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jano,"Mysterious, smart, sad, sociocritical, thoughtful, intense, exciting and VERY enjoyable."
76561198077992227,Recommended,304430,28134000,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TheLonelyArc,"All I can really say is... WOW!!!This is one of those games that continuously puts you in that ""Wow that was close! Surely I won't have to do anything much wilder than that"" and then IMMEDIATELY throws you for a whirl!Also, expect this game to make you feel extreamly curious. I noticed that I was compelled to search every little corner to (hopefully) find hidden stuff!Do yourself a favor, buy this game NOW! Play it all the way through (in one sitting if you can) and prepare yourself for a really long emotional rollercoaster.---10/10 : Where's part 2?!"
,Recommended,304430,28134743,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,PickleMan,"very chalanging, despite its short gameplay.but the story is much deeper, the atmosphere is very intense."
76561197997448611,Recommended,304430,24191292,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sunny,"They did it again. It's propably one of the most atmospheric games ever - its visual style, animation and sound put everything else on the market to shame. Best game since ... Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,28087401,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lynux,I definitely recommend this game. Just finished it and I can say that this game fascinated me. This is the first review I've ever written because I couldn't get away without admire it.+Very good graphics and sounds+Great story and gameplay+Puzzles are perfectPlaydead did a great job again.
,Recommended,304430,24659044,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,AOL_h4x0r_69,This is an engrossing work of art.
76561197995424618,Recommended,304430,24240506,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BeigeAlert,"It's difficult for me to decide whether or not to recommend this game.  Everything you've heard about it is absolutely true, though: it's beautiful, wonderfully designed, brilliantly executed... but it's friggen short!  I could wholeheartedly recommend this if it was half the price it is currently... If you don't have a problem with the price, go for it!TLDR: It's really really good, what little of it there is.  Probably not worth the $20 I paid... but I would probably begrudgingly buy it again."
,Recommended,304430,24476718,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,emerald,"I'm torn about this game. At the end of the day I recommend it, but I have huge issues with a few things. First off, everyone talks about how there's an amazing story, but honestly there's no story whatsoever. There is nothing but a setting. The setting is incredible; to be sure, and it is revealed beautifully and in a way that makes it feel like a story, but there is absolutely no plot. I felt no motivation to play other than wondering what the end was. The only story to be gleaned is what people theorize after watching the vague ending play out. If you are coming for the story, you will be intrigued the whole time, but leave feeling dissatisfied and sold short.There are also many sequences with very large distances to cover, frustratingly so given your character's movement speed. This is especially frustrating during one of my favorite parts in the game, the 20 man puzzle, as it's plagued with backtracking vast distances. The artwork isn't good enough to fill the time gap these massive distances create.The underwater section grew very monotonous and tedious very quickly as well, to the point where I was dreading anytime my feet got a little wet. Luckily it stopped after a while but I was very frustrated with that whole segment and almost stopped playing at it.That all being said, the universe this takes place in is just fascinating and worth the money just to have it revealed to you. the clever puzzles are an added bonus, and the last-second escape sequences throughout the game are breathtaking and always have you on edge. You always feel both in danger and in awe at the same time. The art is fantastic, and the animations are quite possibly the best I've seen in any game, and perfectly complement the nice and tight controls.The experience is great and worth your money; only the level design hurts the otherwise outstanding gameplay, and the lack of a plot removes a lot of potential humanity and motivation I desparately wanted to feel for our protagonist. I guess given some of the theories about the game that might be intentional, but during the first playthrough it really just made me less excited for what should be an easy 10/10 game. But again, absolutely worth the money. You should definitely play it."
,Recommended,304430,30188558,Posted: 25 February,all,HOOOSK,"Overall: INSIDE is a very fun platformer/puzzle game. It's a great way to space out of the world around you and explore a world where everything feels similar, yet slightly spooky.My quick, video reviewfrom my Steam Library Challenge+++POSITIVES++++ Beautiful artwork+ Challenging, but rewarding puzzles+ Changing scenery+ A story you reveal yourself---NEGATIVES---- Some puzzles remove you from the immersion because they become frustrating (again, they are rewarding when you figure them out)- Nothing else to write hereWill I continue to play it? YES!"
,Recommended,304430,24168381,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Boriz & Breadfan,"If you prefer short, but perfectly crafted gaming experience rather than the opposite, then this game is for you.Unlike LIMBO, this has a very good ending."
76561198339559466,Recommended,304430,29792170,Posted: 8 February,all,WowHats!,"I love the game, it's fun, I like the story, and the ending is just amazing. A bit expensive for the amount of actual gameplay, but worth the experience."
,Recommended,304430,31555062,Posted: 5 May,all,Seaniemaurice,"My full video review here -https://youtu.be/KaoaHVA2ucwThis game caused me a bit of anxiety playing it. Not the greatest when it comes to being chased.... but then again this is a 2D sidescroller? Why am I being anxious due to a sidescroller? Well Inside really draws you into its world from the get go. Playing alongside a young boy who isn't as physically impressive as the adults or hunting dogs chasing him down. Inside tells a weird and dark tale throughout its 3-4 hour experience and is worth every penny. For those into sharing theories, Id strongly recommend you pop online after completing the game and share your thoughts as the games story is open for interpretation and boy does it have a lot to offer!!"
,Recommended,304430,24395361,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MisterS42,Amazing experience... A wonderful and memorable adventure... The game caught my breath more than once... PLAY IT
,Recommended,304430,32833802,Posted: 26 June,all,I KILLED FITTY MEN,"This game can be summed up entirely in one word: masterpiece. PlayDead has learned from the very few mistakes they made with Limbo, and improved upon their developing in every single way. They should be commended for learning from their mistakes, and taking time to release a perfectly polished game. It is a benchmark for how gameplay, storytelling, and artstyle can mesh together perfectly, to create an absolute work of art. There is no dialogue, yet the story is impeccable. You feel connected to the character from the very beginning. I related to him in a way that I haven't related to a character since The Last of Us. The gameplay is TIGHT, and the difficulty, while high, is fair. If you die, it's your fault. The game NEVER feels unfair or unbalanced. The puzzles are incredible. They decided to focus less on the puzzles, and more on the dangers of the things coming after you, with puzzles sprinkled in. The game leaves a lot to the imagination, but is bound together by a central theme of control and conformity. The world is littered with these little details, and the game rewards exploration. The game is legitimately scary, with your heart racing at times. It is a beautiful work of art, and INSIDE deserves every single bit of praise it gets. INSIDE is EASILY a 10/10 for me, and the price of the game is easily managable, so not only is it a masterpiece of gaming, it's a masterpiece for your wallet."
,Recommended,304430,24171915,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AbsurdBlue,Here is what you need to know+Visually interesting+Atmospheric+Incredible sound+Thought provoking+Interesting concepts-Only 3 hours long (Add one hour for achivments)-Abrupt ending (Subjective opinion)
,Recommended,304430,24215586,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,andrezp,"O melhor game que você vai jogar em 2016 é INSIDE. Não dê ouvidos aos moleques que reclamam da curta duração. Antes um jogo de 5 horas (caso você faça breve pausas para refletir ou vislumbrar os cenários maravilhosos) e intenso do que um jogo de 200 horas e chato pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ INSIDE é uma experiência inesquecível e, como fez Limbo há uns seis anos atrás, marca um novo nível dos puzzles platformers, que será muito difícil ser alcançado (até a próxima obra da Playdead).Em tempo: prepare seu cérebro para os vinte minutos finais, concluindo num final que ficará marcado pra sempre nas suas retinas."
,Recommended,304430,28459381,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zanytomato,"Wow. This is one of the most well-polished, visually stunning games I've played. Every last pixel appears to have been lovingly placed, with a haunting story that leaves you thinking long afterward. This game is a wonderful addition to any library and I can't recommend it enough."
76561197982469984,Recommended,304430,28286285,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,hardenmod,"Fantastic! Such intense atmosphere, other games try to do this but this game achieves it with simple hints, tricks and effects, giving it so much heart and soul. I have played this for 20 minutes and I am blown away. Why can't games be more like this? Why can't developers start from the begining and understand what make a great game, like this company does. Do not even hesitate to get this, it will blow your mind. The puzzles are fantastic, very refreshing and well thoughtout. The controls are very simple and your learn as you play, with no instuctions which is a sign of how well planned the game is. I'm going to stop writing now, quickly tell a few friends how amazing it is, then get back to the game! I'm excited to see what this developer does next, it's wonderful to know there is a great future for games and a huge market for games like this!"
,Recommended,304430,25353762,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,"Inside  is a better game than Limbo.I don't make that claim lightly. Limbo, the first (and, before now, only) game from Inside developer Playdead, stands as one of the first great triumphs of console indie games. It was a gorgeous, clever, moody, polished platformer that gushed confidence, boasting a stark black-and-white art style and a haunting, unspoken narrative that left itself open to interpretation. It was fantastic.But Inside is better.If you're wondering why I'm comparing Inside so directly to its predecessor, that's because it's an extremely easy comparison to make. Like Limbo, Inside is a melancholy, sparsely colored 2D puzzle-platformer. Like Limbo, Inside puts you in the shoes of a small boy cast into a mysterious, dangerous, often disturbing situation. It's also a staunchly linear game — you'll spend most of Inside running from left to right, navigating through occasional (often lethal) puzzles that bar your progression, before moving on to the next sequence.It's what Playdead does within the framework it established with Limbo that makes Inside so damn good."
76561197971656201,Recommended,304430,33214680,Posted: 3 July,all,Hobie-wan,I managed to avoid spoilers and finally gave it a go. Very cool and goes very strange places. Now to go back and grab the 3 or 4 orbs I missed.
76561198076880281,Recommended,304430,24329578,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Hatty,"This game is short, but it is so fun to play, over and over again! Smooth animation, move at your own pace, lots of detail! I love the how this game looks!"
,Recommended,304430,24742188,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mark,"Although i've finished the game in one night, I totally loved it! And felt a little bad at the ending, but it keeps you thinking about it which is a good thing. More of these PLEASE. I loved limbo too, and this game also has this strange, urban and yet horrific atmosphere. The puzzles/tricks are pretty straight forward and could have been just a little more challenging. Nonetheless I still enjoyed each and every one of them.Beautiful both graphics and audio, can't say anything other than that. Looking forward to more of this."
76561198244125570,Recommended,304430,24216928,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Everything is Illumenated,"Totally worth it, would join the zombie orgy again 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24194662,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,pigeon,What did i just play?
,Recommended,304430,33599080,Posted: 16 July,all,Cadan,"This game was recommended to me by a friend as I'm a fan of platformers.  I really enjoyed the dark mysteries of this game and exploring through a story that got more and more disturbing as it went along.  I loved the opening sequence running through the forest and was pretty much hooked for the rest of the gameplay thereafter.  It's a game that has stayed with me long after I finished it and that I get occasional replay urges for.  I know I may be in the minority saying this, but I enjoyed it a lot MORE than LIMBO.  The puzzles aren't as difficult making it more approachable for casual gamers seeking a satisfying afternoon or evening of gameplay."
76561198056778119,Recommended,304430,33737391,Posted: 22 July,all,Nex,"8/10This game was very fantastic, took about 7 hours to complete. Quite tense, creepy makes you think but not to difficult to the point it gets frusterating. If you enjoy creepy dark games wrapped in mystery this is definetly for you.Pros:AtmosphereMusicStoryNot to difficult (I played this with my nongamer friend, she could figure most parts out)Tense, keeps you investedART, and enviormentSOUNDS amazing chillingMedControls are basic, mostly easy to control charactorConsOnly 7 hours of gameplaySome areas lack intrest"
,Recommended,304430,29051582,Posted: 5 January,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","I'm really starting to wonder a bit about Playdead. When I played Limbo, a puzzle platformer consisting half of puzzles and half of finding how many ways you can kill a small child, I thought it was a charming departure from normal games. But now we have INSIDE, another game that's half about puzzles and half about finding even more ways you can kill a small child, and I'm starting think maybe these people have something against small children. But the game is still fun, and things get interesting pretty quickly. It is pretty short, pretty close to Limbo in length, but also like Limbo it's pretty good, so I'd recommend picking it up on sale if you like this sort of game, by which I mean if you like puzzle platforming and killing small children."
,Recommended,304430,24206627,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yerah,"Unique experience from the creators of LIMBO.In a game that has some similarities with its predecesor,Inside tells a twisted story where LIMBO did not.The game is short, but it will leave a mark on you,the same way the journey created an amazing adventureINSIDE is one of a kind."
,Recommended,304430,30939170,Posted: 4 April,all,.Send,"If you liked limbo you will be surprised by the variety in gameplay, but not disappointed. Tells a story by showing not telling. This leaves you with unanswered questions for you to interpret. The puzzles and secrets are about as difficult and frequent as I would have liked. Basically, this game is on point with what it tries to achieve. May not be a must buy for everyone, but as an artistic interactive story it is very strong."
76561198050533525,Recommended,304430,24244099,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,larry,"ive been waiting 4 so long for a sequel to limbo,this is it! great game as was limbo!very dissapointed on the play time tho!21.99$ can for a 2-3h game is harsh!still great non the least, but would of enjoyed more of it8/10 due too short playtime with no replayablitybut still a great game"
,Recommended,304430,28132409,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GG MY FRIEND@1692,good game
,Recommended,304430,24217187,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[TTB] Timsworth,"Really well designed. Not too much in terms of challenge, but it has interesting puzzles. 100% gameplay / visual-based."
,Recommended,304430,35026826,Posted: 17 September,all,ILIA,"[/b] I've played this game alot and no need to write a long review [/b] when you play this game You got some good feeling about the storyline, is amazing i recommend it for everykind of pple who wants to play a diffrent indie game10/10"
,Recommended,304430,25559852,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,RagePiglet,Great game cant wait to see more like it.
,Recommended,304430,25599678,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hoob,Absolutely worth dropping the 20 dollars. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that ending
,Recommended,304430,24345110,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Orion-the-Absol,"INSIDE took what made LIMBO enjoyable and continued to impress us with beautiful visuals and shocking revelations. The new game mechanics were interesting and kept the gameplay from getting too stale. It is a true successor to PlayDead's original sleeper hit.For a full review, read this:http://breakingcanon.com/inside/"
76561198304305429,Recommended,304430,35450226,Posted: 3 October,all,Selalu Tersakiti,Excelent..one of the best atmospheres in game. a simple 2D gameplay but the puzzle is very challenging.storyline so good and mysterious.This game should be in your library
,Recommended,304430,29197549,Posted: 11 January,all,Quixotastic,"By the power of bafflery and beautiful design, you are hereby commnaded to play this game!Beautiful, beautiful absurd stuff. This is obvioulsly something these devs cared about. Every bit of this is a gem: the sound, the visual art, the simple-yet-TIGHT controls and physics of its space, the drive that keeps you going as you scramble your brain trying to wrap your head around what's going on. . . everything.I can't reccommend this game strongly enough."
,Recommended,304430,27679694,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlexBel,"Great game, I recommend everyone who likes Limbo and puzzles to pass this game. You will discover plot of the game as the passing the game. Some moments surprised, and some scared me.+ Gameplay+ Graphics+ PlotThank you, Playdead10/10"
,Recommended,304430,31476150,Posted: 30 April,all,Bad Fox Felix,"Incredible!! I'm a fan of Limbo. I love this game!! I have finished it and on Xbox One too, next is PS4. If you love Limbo, you will love this too."
,Recommended,304430,32450683,Posted: 15 June,all,podsaurus,"The creep factor is high with this one and as I played I kept thinking, what the heck is that? What's going on there? What's happening? I figrued out generally what was happening and then saw more, becoming more terrified as I went deeper. A few times I got a little stuck with the puzzles but generally there is nothing too taxing on my brain. The game ran well. It sounded, looked and felt sufficiently mysterious and ominous."
,Not Recommended,304430,30987799,Posted: 6 April,all,Þórr,"The game starts of very promising and atmospheric and has some really neat moments, but after a while the puzzles just become tiresome and outright annoying, while the whole atmosphere and story become less intriguing after wearing off too quickly. I really liked Limbo and this looked to be similarly great at first, but pretty soon it started feeling like a chore and not a game anymore. Stopped playing when the game threw one of the most annoying insta-death/timing ""puzzles"" I've ever encountered at me. That is just not fun, it's cheap and annoying.The game had potential, but it seems the developers ran out of ideas too soon.Also, the price is an absolute joke for what the game offers. I got it for 12€, thanks to a Limbo owner discount voucher and still felt ripped off. Good thing there's Steam refund."
,Recommended,304430,24484127,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TheSmoker,Excelent story & atmosphere. A must play!
76561198131733393,Recommended,304430,24249486,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Blood Seeker,Art Explosion !
76561198139883632,Recommended,304430,32304938,Posted: 9 June,all,Dashi,"Don't expect so much about story but it worths to play , Atmospheric gamaplay is physically perfect."
76561197995824317,Recommended,304430,32613000,Posted: 21 June,all,ScimmiaDiMorte,Jesus. I've never seen anything like this. It's right up there with Brothers when it comes to creativity. Just play it. There's nothing else like it.
76561197977432532,Not Recommended,304430,32457575,Posted: 15 June,all,hoogamaphone,"Inside is a game that had so much potential, but fell flat. Actually, it's more of an art piece than a game.The visuals for inside are beautiful, and the creators nailed the atmosphere. The character animations are endearing (I especially loved the way that the boy's feet and arms still moved when he was in the mind control device). They created a world that I was excited to learn more about.That being said, the gameplay was extremely tedius. I think about 80% of the game is just holding right or left on the joystick. There are some puzzles there, although they are all so easy as to be a minor speed bump. Honestly, the only reason I didn't put the game down after an hour or so is that I was hoping to learn more about the worldI mentioned that I was excited to learn more about the world the game took place in. I had a lot of questions about the world. What was going on that masked people were trying to abduct a child? Why were all the pigs dead or insane? What were those things in the water? What was that wierd thing in the vat? I kept waiting for the moment when I would find out something about the world. Then the game was just ... over. No answers. I wasn't expected to be spoon fed the lore, but at least give me something. The ending felt like the developers were like ""ok, I'm tired of making this game now. Let's just end it here."" What the hell? The only reason I stuck with the incredibly boring gameplay was that I assumed there would be a payoff at the end.Do yourself a favor and watch someone else play the game on YouTube. You'll get as much out of it as I did, and save yourself some money, and a cramped thumb."
,Recommended,304430,24421106,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,madotsuki,mean water girl do not trust
76561198035216175,Recommended,304430,32320215,Posted: 10 June,all,kacktusman,Short Review:Visually beautifulInteresting settingNice puzzlesGreat SounddesignMind♥♥♥♥All in all well produced and really deserves 20€Give it a try if you like dark atmospheres  and puzzles.
76561197971373355,Recommended,304430,24176047,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kNIGHT,"Was an intriguing, short (3-4hrs), but beautiful puzzle game. More going on than at first meets the eye. Was scared to all hell in the middle. Then had a good laugh weirdly enough towards the end. :/.... 8/10. Ran flawlessly on i7 4770k / 770GTX @1440p. Puzzles were not too hard, but also not too easy. Would like more, which was a good sign. Probably going to play it through once more as I missed a few secrets."
76561198078703911,Recommended,304430,32837675,Posted: 26 June,all,BurK,"This game is beautiful in a creepy, bizzare and scary way."
76561198136902763,Recommended,304430,24484978,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,hiro,art!!!
,Recommended,304430,24270310,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FILMLEE,Masterpiece. Speachless. Thank you so much for this game!
76561198166771313,Recommended,304430,28877776,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dstreet319,"Playdead the creators of the amazing Indie game LIMBO has brought us another phenomenal game that is great worthy successor to LIMBO in pretty much every way.Story: Honestly explaining any part of the story of INSIDE can spoil it in many ways. Just know that your a little boy moving across a world that isn't exactly normal... I'll leave it that lol. The narrative doesn't have any dialogue or any text based documents for you to read, all you have is visually clues of what the story is all about. So the game goes for immersive story telling with no cutscenes and I can say it does the job very well since there are many different ways you can make up what the story possibly is and makes interesting discussions with other people who have played the game. This makes it the prime example on how you do storytelling in video games if you want the player to really get into it and not annoying them with a cutscene every 10 min.Gameplay: Gameplay of INSIDE is very similar to LIMBO's. The character you play as just goes right to progress through the game. Occasionally you will come across puzzles that will need you to backtrack for a bit in order to progress forward. There are secrets throughout the game which are the games achievements and if you find all of them you will have access to another ending which gives the game more replay value.Graphics: INSIDE's art style is much better than LIMBO's and its because of the shift from 2D to 3D. The world you explore in this game has so many visual ques that makes you think about the story. Some moments will make the game a very memorable moment that keeps you thinking after you play. Overall the games graphical art style combined with the sound design makes the game a amazing visual experience. The boy is very well animated that it makes you feel like it really is a real person that most games fail to capture from us.Conclusion: Playdead once again has crafted a masterpiece of art with a creative video game that leaves an amazing expression on players during and after they finish this game. It's also much better than its predecessor when it comes to graphics and memorable gameplay moments. Hands down one of the best Indie games out there and one of 2016's best games of the year.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24256583,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Abysswalker,"A completely satisfying follow up to the amazing Limbo. This game manages to out do it's predecessor in all things, except for difficulty. After some though I think Limbo had harder puzzles. That being said, Inside is an incredible game. Absolutely beautiful and engaging. Highly recommended."
76561198034012712,Recommended,304430,24201189,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kokutouchichi,Holllllllllllllllly♥♥♥♥♥♥ WOW! This game just KICKED UP THE WTF factor to 1000% WOW WOW WOW!!!! I was so WOWed I had to write a review just to say WOW! WOW!
,Recommended,304430,33834648,Posted: 27 July,all,MakeAmericaGreatAgain,Great replay value. Plot is open to personal interpretations. Brilliant story telling technique.
,Recommended,304430,34928554,Posted: 13 September,all,Lip Service,"The world's best, widest painting we have ever experienced."
,Recommended,304430,34921065,Posted: 13 September,all,Halsy,"Heavily inspired by George Orwell's 1984, INSIDE is the successor to LIMBO.INSIDE is one of the most atmospheric and venturesome games I have ever played.With extremely fluid animations and realistic physics, this game is a must-buy.- Was slightly disappointed by the ending although is an alternative ending I have not unlocked yet."
,Recommended,304430,28634774,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ita,start game: wtf? how do you play?Mid game: wtf is this?!end game: wtf was this?!<insert sad face with tear here> It's the end?!?!? Y U make no sense?! wtf! this was beautiful!!!!
,Recommended,304430,33471467,Posted: 11 July,all,TheKaebean,"This game was fantastic. OF COURSE it was! It was Playdead! My only complaint is that I have already played through 3 more times because I enjoyed playing that game so much and didn't want it to be over. So not much of a complaint at all. Challenging and fun, and a story that makes you think about the world. I highly recommend this game to anyone that is looking, even if you feel you don't have much time these days for gaming! This is a great game that you can pick up and put down as you go! I also love that they changed the level feature and you can actually go back to certain levels.BUY IT! Enjoy it!"
,Recommended,304430,24257997,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sauko,Magnificent.
76561198063225763,Recommended,304430,24258839,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,an†,"A true gem of a game! I can't fault a single thing in it, the whole thing from start to finish.. A masterpiece!"
,Recommended,304430,35108212,Posted: 21 September,all,Noume-,"INSIDEPlaytime: 3.8 hoursthis game is made by the LIMBO Playdead developerINSIDE a 3D game platformer without dialogue with survival-horror and puzzlesThis game does not tell the story of the various kinds of dialogue and others, but this game encourages us to find out what they say like the reactions of the characters shown. The deeper the game, the more you understand the story.Later we act as a teenager who seems trapped in the world situation. and must avoid ""enemies"".Visual? if the dominant LIMBO black and white, then INSIDE this color more diverse though it feels dark anyway, but the atmosphere feels really, make exciting as well as spookyThat makes it cool are animated main characters from both running, jumping up to the end of the game. Really realistic like when pushing an object, bending the leg knee looks like trying to push. as well as the objects around it. everything feels so realistic.There are also Puzzles though easier as long as logic and more meticulous thinking around them. but there are also puzzles involving ""enemies"" to make the atmosphere feel tense. there is also utilizing ""friends"" to solve LOL's puzzleNot only that, there are also looking for ""extra"" but hard to find because they have to find their own. the same as LIMBO the ""Egg""Pros:+ Great visual+ Great character animation+ Good Sound+ Good Puzzle+ Good Dark & ​​Creepy atmosphere+ Good Story+ Good gameplayMixeds:+ - maybe gore, too gore especially dogs but I do not really mind, because it supports a tense atmosphere.+ - The ending is pretty unsatisfying but not badCons:- The story is a bit confusing- I hate dogs LOLFor sure this whole thing is great, who likes the sensation of mystery and puzzle, i recommend this game!"
,Recommended,304430,34994125,Posted: 16 September,all,TANeoK,10/10. Even better than Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,35074957,Posted: 19 September,all,☆~star★boy~☆,I love this game. Played it over again after reaching the end to get all achievements.
,Recommended,304430,35257003,Posted: 28 September,all,✪Joshie_Boi @hOme,"There are not many games that you can call a masterpiece, but without a doubt this is one of the best games I have ever played. As much as anyone can try to explain to you what the game is about, it just loses its impact. This is one of those games that you need to play in order to experience it and to understand the story. So if you have the money and are able to buy it, go for it. I bought it for 50% off which in my opinion is by far worth it. May be a bit pricey and a little short (+-3.5 hours to finish it, that is if you get through all the puzzles quickly and with ease) but all I can say after finishing it is wow. So do yourself a favour, go buy the game, or if you are unsure if you are going to enjoy it, go download the demo and give it a try. Hope to see another game from Playdead in the future."
,Recommended,304430,32308963,Posted: 9 June,all,Gladie,11/10 would throw baby chicks to a hay bale again.
,Recommended,304430,24223202,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"INSIDE is a 2D Side Scrolling Puzzle game that has reached MASSIVELY critical acclaim. But does it live up to it's hype? No, not really. Is it still a good game?.... Meh.A great puzzler which is held back by a lack of music for atmosphere or any form of story at all beyond what can be inferred from what goes on in the background. A 3 hour experience with interesting, but not overly difficult gameplay, the game lacks any real reason for multiple playthroughs which leaves the total experience wanting for a $20 asking price.I can still recommend this game, but only just and ONLY for a true puzzle game fan. This game has little to nothing to offer for anyone that is not a fan of puzzlers.8/10 for puzzle game fans6/10 for non-puzzle game fansSee my full critique here:https://youtu.be/p9u2K9PEStU"
,Recommended,304430,28123286,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,VonVansiker,I was uncomfortable from start to finish. 11/10
76561198202161856,Recommended,304430,24287571,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ZachAttack11,Tons of secrets that are really fun to find and discover.
76561197971288955,Recommended,304430,30065968,Posted: 20 February,all,[HKK] TheProphetOmega,"Inside is an experience with gameplay components, an imagination driven narrative that lets you do the heavy lifting, a visual novel without any word spoken, and adventure puzzler with all the charm and the weirdness in a class of itself.I played this in a single sitting and plan to finish it a few more times, it has some amazing set pieces that make you wonder, the graphics look amazing in its minimalistic color faded kind of way, and the gameplay being as simple as it is only helps to drive the story forward, what story? Well that’s for you to decide.I thoroughly enjoy walking sims and narrative driven games in general, so probably that’s why I had so much fun playing Inside, its haunting visuals and the story we help weave really made this one a special experience for me, so get it, but be warned, this game needs your imagination to “flesh it out”, pun intended if you get to the amazing ending!Highly recommended"
76561198296849864,Recommended,304430,30314197,Posted: 4 March,all,TaoWind();,"Awesome atmosphere, interesting puzzles, unique way of story-telling and amazing narrative."
76561198164849263,Recommended,304430,28131039,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RokVulvo,"INSIDE not only deserves your purchase, but deserves the ""Game of the Year Award."" Reasons being, INSIDE has absolutely spectacular graphics. Do not expect graphics worse than the ones seen in the trailer. The storyline in this game surprised me with the ending and the beginning of the game. I'm surprised that I actually liked that there was no talking of any sort throughout the game. I also like how they left it up to you to try and find out what happened.I really like the mystery riddled throughout this game, it makes me think that easter eggs lay around every corner (which they probably do). I think that $19.99 was the right price for this game, though it is only about 4-5 hours of gameplay, it is still worth it. KEEP IN MIND that this game (if you couldn't for some reason tell by the trailer) is a very dark game, though i did not bother me, it may disturb other players.Overall I think that this game is an amazing 4-5 hour experience with astonishing graphics, and physics. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,304430,32288127,Posted: 9 June,all,Beanie,INSIDE more like INCREDIBLE
,Recommended,304430,24175630,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beard Finn,"""WHAT.  THE.  ♥♥♥♥."" - Me for 4 hours straight."
76561198058483968,Not Recommended,304430,35053978,Posted: 18 September,all,Aleander Beta,"20 Bucks for 5 hours of gameplay is definitely too much.As it is now I do not recommend this game since you get a really primitive gameplay (you use like 3 keys of your keyboard and thats it) and a rather boring playthrough.Puzzles are nice here and there but after a while they get repetitive or way too elaborate (not hard) to reach the same result (nothing special as reward). To me Portal 2 did a way better job in that department.The story's inspiration is really nice, almost poetic but its transaction into a videogame is too plain in my opinion.Scenarios and athmosphere are intriguing and well made, these two factors keep up the game otherwise I would have left it in the first 2 hours.This is my opinion about INSIDE, at a better price range.. around 5-7 bucks this could be worth to be taken."
,Recommended,304430,27388866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lord King,the game is really great what are you waiting for ... get it now
76561198087036259,Not Recommended,304430,28687589,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gnome_Chompskee,"I really wanted to like this game. It's beautiful, and I was very interested in the little boy. But there simply isn't enough here. The game creators use the sci-fi horror theme to draw you into the game, but when it's time to make good on all the hype with any sort of explaination, they just end it and roll credits. It is beautiful, and I really liked the demo, but for $10 (on sale) there simply isn't enough content to justify the cost. I finished the game in 3.6 hours, none of the puzzles were very hard. Mostly, they felt like work, to get to the story content that I was convinced would follow.TLDR: Pick up portal 2 for less money and get hours more content, with actually hard puzzles, and a real story."
,Recommended,304430,24260160,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kamineko,Playdead+platformer=Mind explosion!!!
,Recommended,304430,24748592,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,The Classy Cat,it's pretty much limbo 2016 but actually kinda has some sort of story I guess kinda maybe.
76561198087951038,Not Recommended,304430,32602395,Posted: 20 June,all,Misanthrope,"This game has an interesting start, like LIMBO, in which you have many questions that you desire to answer. You continue your journey through the bleak and atmospheric laboratory, solving puzzles and avoiding dangers. The game pulls off the atmosphere excellently, and I found myself drawn into the game, and it hurt every time I saw my character strangled by freakish creatures or torn limb from limb by guard dogs. As the game progresses, it rapidly transforms into a clusterf*** of grotesque and macabre chaos. The graphics are great, as is the music and sound effects.However, I have to give this a not recommended. I had high hopes for this game, that it would be a more refined version of LIMBO, with all the emotions and connection that the prior game provided. INSIDE left me feeling disappointed. As I said, the game escalates to an absolute clusterf***, but then it just abruptly ends, leaving more questions than answers, no closure, and no sense of story progression. The central character is never expanded upon, causing the entire story - or lack thereof - to have no purpose.Not only that, while LIMBO provided many interesting and challenging puzzles, INSIDE's puzzles are extremely easy, few in number, and unvaried. INSIDE is more of a walking simulator than a puzzle platformer. However, most walking simulators that I've played emphasize story over gameplay, and INSIDE is lacking on both fronts. Its also way too short, as it only took me 3 hours to finish the game.I got this game on sale for $10, and it wasn't worth it. Maybe for $5."
,Not Recommended,304430,31212266,Posted: 17 April,all,DarkEyedBlues,Starts strong but makes less and less sense as time goes on until it just kinda ends.
,Recommended,304430,24202844,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spycer42,"A very dark and atmospheric platformer with interesting puzzles and a mysterious story which revolves around a huge underground facility filled with creepy experiments and ""zombie-creatures"". A bit too short for it's price, but still worth buying if you like Limbo."
,Not Recommended,304430,28728242,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MapNinja,"Ever started reading a book, and you get half way through to discover the other half of the book is blank pages? That's the plot of Inside. Playdead really broke the mold of classic storytelling with their groundbreaking concept on show here. All questions, zero answers! Even the ""true ending"" tells you nothing that wasn't already implied. There are no revalations to be had here, and none of the dots connect.I'll admit that it's atmosphere and feel are top notch, but a 20 dollar game with only 3 hours of gameplay and the bare suggestion of a story does not a good review make. I'm really dissapointed that all the buildup was a lie."
,Not Recommended,304430,31807570,Posted: 17 May,all,Hero Time,"Play Limbo!Honestly Inside feels like it is going back to the same well as Limbo and to me feels like a lesser retread of the same idea. It's puzzles were fine but nothing special, a few were easy to figure out but frustrating to implement. The Controls are fine but not always amazing for the tasks being asked of you. The narrative is fine but feels a bit over the top, trying way too hard to seem deep or look like a complex metaphor. The atmosphere is where this game shines, the sound design and stark minimalistic look are good enough to keep you moving through the game world just to see it all.Again, I like it, its quite good, but overall I'd say play Limbo."
,Not Recommended,304430,28096837,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fegero,"When Inside was first introduced I couldn't wait for it to come out.   After playing Limbo, I thought Inside was going to be awesome.  Well for me, when Inside first started, it was awesome.  But as I started getting through the game I became disappointed.  The challenges did not seem as difficult as Limbo as the storyline just didn't seem right.  To me it seemed to extream/odd of a storyline.The Positive of the game, I really like the graphics/art of the game.  I can give the artists a 2 thumbs up for the art work."
,Not Recommended,304430,28715198,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bsgoeshere,"I wish there was a ""meh"" option for this game... it takes the continuation of the series past Limbo to mediocre heights. I’m not saying don’t try it, I’m saying don’t pay anything in the 2-digit range to do so as this gives far worse value than the original.Why I wouldn’t pay over $10 for this:1)	The game is short, horrifically short. I beat this in under 4 hours on first play through with nearly ½ the hidden items. I went to replay it- but the secondary ending leads nothing to the imagination or story to warrant doing so... so I just stopped.2)	The community surrounding this game continually is looking for hidden meaning that is simply not there. I’m not saying there isn’t ciphers and hidden messages, I’m just saying that what IS hidden doesn’t clarify what the heck is actually going on by the end of this game, or in any way adding to the game-play; hence why everyone has their own theory.3)	The puzzles got easier… WAY easier. I found myself stuck twice, and only twice… which a < 4 hour play-through shows how much that actually held me up."
,Not Recommended,304430,31164832,Posted: 15 April,all,Silver Tosspot,The game's puzzles are monotone and finishes way too fast for it to be worth 20 euros.Not a lot of people seem to agree on that though.
76561198028264539,Not Recommended,304430,24499211,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,1337Jelly,Graphics are amazing. Sound is amazing. Gameplay is alright. Story isn't interesting and way too short. Spent 3 hours and it was finished. Would not recommend unless it'd cost 5 bucks.
,Not Recommended,304430,24420646,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,FlyingPastry,"I enjoyed the gameplay in this game, and was getting really pumped for the ending throughout the game.  There was so much buildup: new things being revealed, more questions needing to be answered.  Then it came.  The most underwhelming ending in any game ever.  I was confused.  I watched the credits, hoping for something to come afterwards.  Nothing came.  After some time online I saw people talking about a secret ending, so I searched it up on YouTube.  I was eager to have my questions answered in this alternate ending, but it turned out to be just as disappointing.However, if♥♥♥♥♥♥making sense doesn't really matter to you, the gameplay is very good.  It was fun to play throughout, but I have to give a thumbs down just because of how disappointed I am.  It kind of feels like I just went on a long journey full of mysteries and questions, then the final sequence comes and♥♥♥♥♥♥makes no sense, then it says, ""♥♥♥♥ You"" in bold on the entire screen.Note:  This really is a beautiful game, and if you enjoy fluid gameplay and good looks, you'll probably like the game, but to be honest, that just wasn't enough for me."
,Not Recommended,304430,28619114,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Akka,"A shallow imitation of LimboI'm no stranger to this genre of game, nor its merits. Limbo was an amazing game and I loved every minute of it. I willingly replayed Limbo twice in a row because it was so good and relished finding the hidden macguffins.I feel no such love for this game.Every single frustrating section of the game is laden with trial and error, complete with rules that change constantly, even from the very beginning all the way to the end. Here's an early example. You're being chased from the left, better run immediately to the right or you'll die. Whoops, that foreground art asset is a branch that your character can trip over so if you don't vault it you die.Then a car drives up from the background and if you hadn't preemptively stopped behind a rock to block its headlights then someone in the car shoots you immediately. The problem is you're still holding right to run because something's chasing right behind you, so the player eats♥♥♥♥♥♥and dies.The punishment for dying is being set back a mere ten seconds at most--but that doesn't make the irritating frequency of the game's deaths any more forgivable. More than half the time you won't be able to see your next death coming. Frequent deaths put you out of a game, shattering your immersion. Unless it's thematic to the game or notoriously famous for being hard, frequent deaths do not belong in a video game.Dark Souls is famous for being hard, and the plot revolves around you respawning at the last bonfire. Inside treats every death as if it never happened--and I've yet to hear anyone make mention of its punishing death frequency.The plot is entirely cryptic, offering bits and pieces for die-hard fans to force together. It smacks of laziness when developers throw any old♥♥♥♥♥♥at their game (lore) and expect the fans to make a cohesive plot from their tangled up mess. I could honestly spend an hour or more reading up on the game to try and make sense of it, but that's the developer's job. It's lazy to pawn off your work to a reddit page.The art-style, for which it won an AWARD from the VIDEO GAME AWARDS, is as lazy as the brown and bloom filters you'd see on the annual shooters of yesteryear. The devs here created a game then slammed it with a whole bunch of muted colors, tricking everyone into lapping it up.  Abzu deserved that award, and I absolutely hate Abzu for being an unambitous movie, but damn was it ever colorful and good looking. In here you have grey.......and forty nine other shades of it.In the game's defense, it has a very compelling and satisfying final act. It's taboo to discuss it directly so let me just say it was almost worth the two hours of trial and error trouble just to experience the last thirty minutes of gameplay. Unfortunately the ending is rather abrupt and the secret ending (spoiler there's a secret ending) is also a huge let down.Inside has been championed as a hallmark title for 2016, but honestly it doesn't stand up against Limbo. Inside may have had a wider assortment of events, but it wasn't nearly as gripping in the long run, nor was the difficulty nearly as reasonable."
,Not Recommended,304430,25833628,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Largahblarga,"You're paying $20 for something that will last you two to three hours. The puzzle platforming is enjoyable, but I just can't see the value yet. Wait until it's on sale for $5."
,Not Recommended,304430,24767081,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Crimson King,"PROS:The game itself is very satisfying to play. Controls are simplistic while not taking a thing away from gameplay.The art style.The moments of intensity. Stupid dogs..The creepy atmosphere of the environments.The puzzles are fun and can be challenging if you're not paying attention to detail.CONS:Length of the game for price ($20). I've ran through this game twice within 6 hours. The first one was for exploring everything, the second used for grabbing all the things I had missed (2) in the first run because I didn't know I could just load an area without beating the game again. Now I know a lot of people disagree with this because the length of the game shouldn't decide how great a game is or the price point, but considering I could have bought The Witcher 3 for only $10 more a few weeks ago which delivered 20x the amount of content, I cannot justify $20 dollars for this short 3-4 hour game.SPOILER-ISHI don't actually give anything away from the story, but I do explain how I feel and why.The Ending.After beating this game normally and watching the credits roll, the only feeling I had welling up INSIDE (ha) me was disappointment. How could a game with such good story telling end in such a vague, no answers given kind of way?? Most people seem to say that it's purposely left wide open for you to come to your own conclusion, but I just see this as lazy storytelling considering how many people have no idea what the hell just happened. Please don't give me that ""Oh you're just not smart enough, that's why you don't get it."" response either. Odds are, the ones saying that also Googled what that ending was trying to say because you were just as lost too. I can't stress enough how disappointed I was with that ending.SPOILERThe Secret Ending was better than the original ending. There's a lot less guessing going on because It's pretty ""in your face"" about what happening during it, but it doesn't equal out the horribleness of the regular ending. It doesn't explain away the original ending either.In the end, I cannot recommend this game for the price you have to pay for it. If/when it goes on sale for half off, then I'd be more inclined to tell you to buy it. It's about the journey with this one. Not the destination."
,Recommended,304430,27732466,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Malethos,"This delightfully twisted entry from Playdead is a great follow up from Limbo. This game has the feel of the X-Files with its spooky and largely unexplained environment. The simplistic of the graphics and the gameplay speak to a nihlistic mood that the game perpetuates.The deeper you dive into this game the more you wonder what is going on and then ending leaves you wanting to go back and replay it because you feel like you might have missed something. Its definitely a game that doesn't hand you a full story and I think that it managed to do that very well.Its quick, which is nice and recently they added controller support so I was able to play it on my couch with my boyfriend who usually laughed at the miriad of ways I died during a playthrough."
,Recommended,304430,24241772,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,clayspace,"Incredible! Most inventive game since Portal. The animation, sound, art and gameplay are all perfect. The perfect story game. Play it and stop reading the reviews! The surprises are so great."
,Recommended,304430,28731819,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[ECHO4423],pretty good but it basically plays itself.  another 30-45 mins of game would have been cool.
,Recommended,304430,24185989,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Richard!!!!!,"Must buy if on sale. The game can be finished in a single sitting, I beat it in what steam counted as 3 hours but it honestly felt even shorter than that. $20USD is a difficult value proposition even though the 3 hours here are of seriously high quality, if it were $15 I would be totally satisfied (even though the devs spent 6 years in development).The puzzles are imaginative and enjoyable and never feel to tedious or finicky. The difficulty of the puzzles are a bit easy, however this means that you will never be stuck for more than a couple of minutes which keeps the flow of the game and story moving along at a nice pace. This might be a great game to play with friends who aren't traditional gamers.The story of the game is very mysterious, starting you on a cold open as a child running away from an unknown organisation. As you continue the world develops however the story takes a fairly esoteric turn without any much exposition which may be a turn off for some players. A lot of the story beats are visual and in the background and can be missed if not paying close attention. The ending sequence builds into a really big and satisfying crescendo that is really worth playing through, but ultimately closes to what some might find an unsatisfying conclusion.There is no dialog in this game and the sound design is intentionally minimal."
,Recommended,304430,24181316,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mediochrea,Thoroughly confusing.
,Recommended,304430,28275626,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,seisdoseis,"A really good narrative game, with clever puzzle ideas. The game is not that long, but at least I think I'll replay it to find what I missed. The ambience is really great, and if you are in for a chill, curious story, good puzzles (none so difficult) it is a great game to play without guides.An amazing feeling while playing."
76561198046734769,Recommended,304430,24378763,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Sneeze,"Great game!  Although it was rather confusing when it comes to the plotline, I enjoyted it thoroughly and got as much time as would be expected from a Playdead game."
,Recommended,304430,24242403,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BusinessCat,"Amazing, beautiful 2.5D platformer. If you liked Limbo this is even better expirience!"
,Recommended,304430,24254283,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spicy boy,"i totally recommend everyone to play this game, playing this game is such a surreal trip.through the creepy, horrible things that do you harm throughout the game, at the end it'll leave you wondering what you just experiencedeven without dialogue the game tells a deep and compelling story that will keep you wanting to see what's next10/10 PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME AND TALK ABOUT IT WITH ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE"
76561198047046520,Recommended,304430,29409959,Posted: 21 January,all,Abyssal Melody,"Great game. Would recommend to anyone. Don't watch videos or spoil anything, its worth going in blind."
,Recommended,304430,24234076,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dknighter,This is arguably the best 2D puzzle game around. The puzzles are never too difficult however the incredible sound design and graphics come to gether to make a perfect atmospheric game. There is no dialogue in this game as you have to work out the story as you progress. The story is left open for everyones personal interpretation however I'm pretty sure I've worked it out and it's incredible. 10/10p.s. I didn't think for a moment this was a horror game when purchasing it but when those scary monster children came at me in the water I was terrified of going back into the water.
,Recommended,304430,24301834,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bunneh,"A perfect game. A compelling storyline, beautiful animation and dank-dark humour. If you yearn for the atmospherics of Portal and the Half-Life series, you will love this game. I've played through twice already. Highly recommended."
76561197969353230,Recommended,304430,24475545,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,the21st,"Finally, a game that's not a minute longer than it should be. No milking of mechanics or content for gameplay time."
,Recommended,304430,28670124,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mirko,If you enjoyed Limbo this is on a whole other level.the puzzles aren't tough but the journey wrapped around the puzzles makes it worth it.Games roughly 3 hours long.Play it !!!
,Recommended,304430,28276233,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯,Better than many AAA titles. Must play game.
,Recommended,304430,24211587,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheWynterKnight,"Pretty close to a masterpiece of gaming. Limbo was beautiful and unique on release, but INSIDE has a totally new grasp on environment and puzzling. Worth every minute."
,Recommended,304430,28781896,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Z0NTA,It's short and the story is amazing they used some unique graphic techniques and depth of field is breath taking!!
,Recommended,304430,24164590,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,bat,get me out
76561198025146107,Recommended,304430,24616166,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Meerkatknight,"I posted recommend but I'm honestly not sure if I really do or not. I've just finished playing it and... I don't know. I'm wracking my brain with trying to find meaning in it all and I'm not sure if there is one but if it is it's steeping itself in the very abstract. Most of my quesitons were answered very subtly throughout but I'm still left pondering; trying to decypher botht he texual and subtextual. There is a quote that parafrasingly goes like this if art makes you think about it after it's over than it's done it's job. I'd show that person this game and see what he still says. Legitimatly, I'm not sure if I've gained or lost something from this actually, ""legitimately, I'm not sure"" pretty much sums it all up quite nicely. Throughout I had fun, was entertained, scared, mezmerized, confused, stumped, and delighted the gameplay was sharp and interesting with a new twist on 2.5D side scrollers and the puzzles were exilent none were frustratingly hard but all were challenging and made you work for it.As I'm writing this I'm coming more and more to the realization that if not for the ending just play for the experiance cause that's what great mysterys really are for, not the actual pay off but being the carrot that leads you onwards through it's tale. The jury might be out on the ending but I can say for certain that the whole lead up more than covers it."
76561198225824332,Recommended,304430,28698296,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Webbytoes,"This is one of the most incredible games I've played in a long time. The graphics and controls are seamless, the story is compelling, the puzzles are tricky enough to make you stop and think yet are quickly solvable, and overall the game is visually stunning. The game took me about 4 hours to complete, but it will probably only take you 2-3 if you know what you're doing. INSIDE does not spell out its meaning or explain its universe. Rather, you are left to piece together the evidence yourself to make sense of the main character's place in this dystopic world. This game is a unique and unsettling experience."
,Recommended,304430,24206960,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SlyNic,"An Incredible game, genre defining! Well done Playdead, well done."
76561197969622138,Recommended,304430,27781438,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Thradar,"It's not often you get to play a tense, bizarre, and sometimes downright frightening and disturbing work of art.  INSIDE is gorgeous and presents a sense of dread and tension that Limbo also had.  And that ending though...(and the hidden ending).  I love when developers let the player try to figure out what it's all about.  Looking forward to their next game!"
,Recommended,304430,24372489,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,astonish,"A haunting experience. Whether you liked Play Dead's first game, ""Limbo,"" will tell you a lot about whether you will like this game. If a more refined Limbo sounds like something you are interested in then you are in for a treat. Breathtaking art and sound, puzzle mechanics that never feel repetative and a narritive that is both twisted and keeps you yerning to know what's next."
76561198039729288,Recommended,304430,24210468,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sack,"The puzzles are decent, not too hard but very satisfying. However, this game is to be played for the beautiful visuals, dark, depressing atmosphere and immersive story. The feeling you got from Limbo but all over again. An amazing piece of art...A Ph-kin' Masterpiece10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24221026,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BlackSquid,I... err... err... it's...erm...Hmm.
,Recommended,304430,29027191,Posted: 4 January,all,TehEmprah,I guess I'll be having nightmares tonight.
76561198007613376,Recommended,304430,24221927,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Curley,"I was skeptical because I thought Limbo was terribly overrated, but I enjoyed this game quite a bit. I don't think it's a ""masterpiece"" and I'm not sure why it took 6 years, but overall it was a fun and intense ride. If you're like me and play a lot of puzzle games, you'll find this on the easy side. Wait for a sale if your on a budget, but definitely pick this one up. It's worth it for the ending alone :)"
,Recommended,304430,24345355,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Vindaloo,"You will buy this game, you will play this game and you will enjoy it!Only question is, when?It's 2-3h of entertainment and if you feel asking price is too much, no problem, wait for sale. There is no rush, it's not second coming of Jesus, don't let the experience be spoiled by feeling that you wasted your money."
,Recommended,304430,24306803,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Skyrk,"Most polished game ever, Playdead narrowed every single detail. I stood in awe, when I swung on the wiring of a lamp (the only rope like structure in the game to have a lamp), and the lamp hit a wall and broke into pieces, the noise, the light change, they thought of everything, a masterpiece, a worthy successor of Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24307104,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,IVT,"Great visuals, Great sound design, Eerie/Borderline creepy story, and a Great next-step from Playdead.Fans of LIMBO will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,304430,24196523,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RichardStrangebush,"Easily the most immersive, engaging game I've played this year. Stunningly beautiful all around. I'd say more, but it's best to go into it as blind as possible. ~HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,304430,24216028,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jeff,I never write reviews but felt compelled to do one for this game.  It is amazing.  The level of detail that was put into this game is second to none.  I literally played this game with my mouth open the entire time.
,Recommended,304430,29478467,Posted: 25 January,all,Huzzah!,I had all kinds of predictions for how this was going to end. Boy could I have not been more wrong.
,Recommended,304430,24176183,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tigerman Poob,"Short game, but one with staying power. Games with an emphasis on artistry over gameplay are often hit or miss for me, Inside is one that does it's dark themes great justice. I don't think I could gush enough about how cool it is but I'd rather not give too much of the actual content away, the less you know going in the better. All I'll say is, this really is one of those games I imagine getting a lot of different reactions and interpretations from people, some will be shocked, some will laugh, some will be disturbed, some will be glued to the screen in morbid curiosity. No matter your reaction to this game, an unforgettable experience is guaranteed."
,Recommended,304430,24176234,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ABabakanian,"This game is a masterpiece. Playdead developers sat down and somehow figured out a way to improve their previous title Limbo, an imposibile task most people will agree."
76561198005858800,Recommended,304430,24199089,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DV,"I bought this game expecting an incredible experience, I was not dissappointed.Scary, exciting, thrilling, entertaining and tinged throughout with a hint of sadness. IT's a simply stupendous piece of art that you interact with and make decisions about.Just buy this game and play it, you won't regret it. Prepare yourself for some feels by the end."
76561198038367822,Recommended,304430,24216209,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Orangutan Titties,good sequel to limbo
76561198028090818,Recommended,304430,24176284,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Spoonylegs,A fantastic Puzzle platformer brought to us from the team that made Limbo. Inside is a little bit easier then Limbo but that doesn't deminish any of the quality that this title has. The atmosphere and suspense is Spot on throughout the entire play through. Its short at 3.5ish hours but gives an unforgettable experience. If you enjoyed games like Portal or The Original Mirrors edge you will probably enjoy this.
,Recommended,304430,24662133,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Rollin rollin rollin, keep rollin rollin rolllin.KEEP ROLLIN ROLLIN ROLLIN"
,Recommended,304430,24287437,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,RhinoJunior,"Definitely one of the weirdest games I've played in a while. The art is gorgeous, the music is fitting, and the evoloving story is discovered comletely through gameplay, with no narration or explanation. It's really something that has to be experienced to truly understand."
,Recommended,304430,24201705,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Бумбончик,"It's awesome game, suka ♥♥♥♥♥. Communist in me delighted by the atmosphere.  This is one of the best games to play drunk."
,Recommended,304430,24187868,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Li1,"Oh so much fun! Interesting gameplay and puzzles, probably the best platformer i've ever played...and IMO far better than Limbo(if i should compare it to something)....and it's creepy too.."
,Recommended,304430,29226172,Posted: 13 January,all,[ATLAS],"Worth every dollar. Art style is fantastic, game looks beautiful and runs with no glitches or issues. Puzzles are challenging and the achievements and secret ending are awesome. Loved this game. Girlfriend who's never played any games loved it. Reccomend playing with a controller as its a little easier and more immersive. Takes about 4 and a half hours to complete. I only wish that i understood the ending and that there were badges for this game. Amazing game. 10/10 Highly Reccommend"
,Recommended,304430,24380682,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Josh McCunt,"If you loved limbo then this is just as amazing. Short, sweet and simplistic. 9/10"
,Recommended,304430,30497876,Posted: 13 March,all,JumpJetJake,"Terrifying, beautiful, minimal. Will leave you speechless yet wanting more."
,Recommended,304430,30624677,Posted: 19 March,all,Dahir,2scary4me
,Recommended,304430,24404260,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Caterpillar,***
76561198026562530,Recommended,304430,24419218,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,carlen_gordon,"This game is absolutley incredible. It is a marvel of sights and sounds and has more story and emotion without saying a single word than just about any other game I have ever seen. This is the first game I've ever played three times immediatley back to back just so I could try to wrap my head around what I just witnessed. The game looks gorgeous as well, the animations are detailed and fluid and the backgrounds never cease to amaze. I cannot recommend this game enough, if you are a fan of video games in any way just play it, don't look up any videos or anything, just play it completley blind for the best experience."
76561197984741152,Recommended,304430,24389009,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,spa,"INSIDE is one of those rare iconoclastic releases that define and illuminates games as a medium. Its an achievement in design, art and storytelling that has the scope and ambition of a larger title but retains the singular vision without losing sight. It shows how storytelling can be done in a unique way to the gaming medium that transcends the usual tropes of plot, character arc and story structure that so many games ape from movies and books.This is a must play."
,Recommended,304430,24244351,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Portiepoo,"This was a short experience, yet so wonderful that I can't not recommend it if you have the money. £15 is steep for a 4 hour game, but I loved absolutely every moment of it. It's just so spectacularly beautiful, atmospheric and bizarre.Probably the first 'cinematic' or 'artistic' game I have played which doesn't sacrifice gameplay, unlike other games, which aim for pure shock or confusion. Regardless, you'll still probably experience both of them emotions."
,Recommended,304430,24244698,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,sleepymcsleeps,"It's like reliving a childhood nightmare... and finally escaping. Stressful, confusing, and rewarding. It's a one-handed psych-horror wonder."
76561198074533253,Recommended,304430,24256023,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,m0rphinedreams,Beat Limbo 6 years ago. Been waiting for this game since then.
,Recommended,304430,24260818,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pcnndallon1,I downloaded Steam just to play this game. It was worth the money for sure. Limbo prepared me for this game and it met my expectations. Playing with headphones is a must! Very beautiful game thats atmospheric and feels open even though its a linear game. This game means something more than getting sales and thats why I love it! It took me right at 7 hours to complete the first playthrough at a slower pace. Slow pace due to studying the backgrounds and trying to find secrets.The game ran smoothly on a 3 year old Acer laptop with decent hardware for the time.
76561198091273211,Recommended,304430,24261180,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,AkkBar,"At first I considered this one to be overpriced, I guess graphics can suggest that. However some minutes into the game made me think otherwise. Physics feel smooth and animations work perfectly fine, but most importantly, the environment the game creates helps to tell the story itself. I just regret not doing as suggested by someone and playing this one at night with high volume and popcorn.Not only I recomend, I really wish developers will expand this game."
,Recommended,304430,24210237,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bLiND,This game deserves every praise it gets.
76561198098394535,Recommended,304430,24257838,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,dangerbin007,"Wow, this is one of the best games I've ever played. So deep (pun!) and creepy and wonderful. Great ending!"
76561198078962486,Recommended,304430,24225054,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SIDZ_RIPPER,"Best +4hours I spent on a game.Inspite of no Voiceover,text and any info,the story is left to be filled and imagined by the player who is playing it and that worked out  great for me.I normally have a very short attention span and get bored to same/similar chores in games.But this had my entire senses Immersed in it.The sound,setting and the whole environment.The game is a side scroller or not sure what to call itaccurately though,has two buttons to press and plenty of puzzles ,scares and WTF moments(pyscho swimmer-Hate her,hell dogs and creepy dead pigs).Though the game is short and if you compare that to the price ,then it's totally not fair,for this game ,is pure experience and a technical masterclass for me and for that,it's worth even morehuman bubble gum physics,fluid animations and sound design.Thank you developers,artist and all the folks at Playdead!!"
76561198112762949,Recommended,304430,24249834,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,alcatraz_627,"I want to start by saying that if you liked Limbo you will like this game, it is definitely better. Good use of colour enhances the visuals and the lack of a backing soundtrack, except for key moments, enhances the lonely ambience. I found the controls here more intutive than Limbo and the puzzles to be more interesting and engaging than Limbo's.Now for the story. If you are wondering what this game is about its essentially a tale of science gone too far, whilst Limbo was a dark game with its story and atmosphere. Inside goes a step further and takes a more disturbing path, a couple of real standout moments left me in shock. I won't spoil anything but if this review is putting you off this might not be the game for you. All in all a good game however be aware that this is not a studio that puts forward happy endings."
76561197991308575,Recommended,304430,24252860,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spauldingae,"I was a huge fan of Playdead's LIMBO and when I heard they had a new game out, I was excited to try it out. I was not disappointed.It's very much the sucessor to LImbo, being very close thematically, mechnically and atmospheically, while simultariously trying new things.Basically, you play a young boy in a red shirt who is being chased by mysterious men who are tied in with a huge, mysterious facility. The atmosphere is just as opressive as Limbo's but not quite as abstract. There's also a plot of sorts, but it's entirely told through action and location with no narrative to speak of.Mechnically the major change is that unlike the boy from LIMBO, the bow from INSIDE can swim and will have to do so quite often.Basically, if you like Platformers(especially with dark themes), give this a try. If you liked LIMBO, you'll like this too."
,Recommended,304430,24206158,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,el_kamrado,"Short, smart, not too easy, not too hardDoesn't overstay its welcomeQuite an experience, especially the ending"
,Recommended,304430,24241348,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RefusalFossil,"With it's darker content, eerie atmosphere and somewhat shocking moments, INSIDE take everything that was great from LIMBO and excels on every bit of it.I wish it could have been longer but every split second of what I experienced was thoroughly enjoyed.PROS:Precise controlsDark but beautiful environmentsimmersive atmospheregreat pacingclever puzzlesCONS:LengthSomewhat easy"
76561198077962841,Recommended,304430,24250753,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Убегатор,The game is phenomenal! Simply a masterpiece.
,Recommended,304430,24402451,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,292660071,"Excellent both in act, sound and scene. I strongly recommend."
,Recommended,304430,24403455,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr.Vandemar,"It's a game with only movement and a ""Do"" button and it is to most interesting and most beautiful game i have played in years."
76561198082676268,Recommended,304430,24349421,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Xristopha,"Its been 6 years since Playdead brought us Limbo. While not a sequal, this is as good, if not better!"
,Recommended,304430,24432012,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,GP|Battlestad,"Best game I've played this year. My jaw dropped to the floor several times. Excellent puzzles, great atmosphere and great gameplay. Can't praise this game enough. I only wish it was longer"
76561198093002203,Recommended,304430,24422661,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Chia,"Limbo was brilliant. This game is utterly fantastic. It takes everything Limbo did well and does it better, while also providing a genuinely unsettling and unique atmosphere with puzzles just tricky enough to make you feel smart for getting past them, but not hard enough to drive you up the wall figuring them out. This game is utterly worth it in every way and I invite all of you to enjoy being as harrowingly unsettled as I was."
,Recommended,304430,24345461,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ricera,"It's good. Saying more than that would kind of be spoilers, but the game description is a pretty accurate summary of the story."
,Recommended,304430,24434783,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,isis vape rape,"This game is definitely a must get for people searching for a great story that isnt told with dialogue. Game keeps you in suspense and question the whole time, making you wonder about what is going on and how things happened to be the way they are. 10/10 really a great piece of art this game is."
,Recommended,304430,24757614,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[BritYank] Tom,The perfect sequal to LIMBO. 10/10 for me.
76561198134864249,Recommended,304430,24882239,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,zhu.j.ie1994,受不了开放式结局
76561198089578745,Recommended,304430,25361075,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,theB1GDOG,"An absolute dark mindbending MASTERPIECE in everyway..The lighting, textures, sounds, the atmosphere.. I played the entire game just simply amazed about how perfect it was in everyway. I wish the game didnt end so soon, but $20us was definatley worth it.. for the experience. (its not the size of the boat, its the motion of the ocean)  It is a once in a lifetime sort of game in my opinion, one of those games that will stick with you forever.."
,Recommended,304430,24203051,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Crash,"This game is priced too high for what it offers. It's not lacking in content, actually perfect length for this type of game I feel. It has an interesting style and and goes places where few games have gone before - feels outright refreshing, even when having played dozens of puzzle sidescrollers over the years. There is no denying that the developer worked hard on this over the years and made it a perfectly functioning and memorable masterpiece. On a carbon level, it's damn near diamond.Still, I won't say that it keeps everything fresh throughout. We still have to push 'blocks' into place to climb higher and there is a decent amount of backtracking in the larger, more interesting, puzzle areas. Having the same checkpoint system as their previous game LIMBO did, I honestly thought hard whether I should apply for a Steam refund, when I saw a third of the game done in the first hour or so. I decided not to, because I was too far in all ready, and the game just kept on getting more interesting with the silent backstory it threw at me every following screen.Time is definitely a factor and for the money I put down, I could have gone to see two new sci-fi flicks in an IMAX, with some cash left over where I live. I just don't see the reasoning, why the developer decided to price it high as such (and pay extra for an added layer of DRM) when you could have made it cheaper and more accessible for a wider audience. It was definitely not worth the 20 euros, instead should have been priced somewhat in the same price range as LIMBO.I'll leave it as a positive review, but I do recommend ignoring the story spoilers for it and perhaps picking it up during the next big sale if they knock it down to a more reasonable '3 hour indie' price.Edit: Played through it again to see the alternate ending.. gotta say, its quite enjoyable to replay after a few month pause and even worth the pricetag."
76561197970755187,Recommended,304430,25209471,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MGarceau,"INSIDE is like looking at the world from inside a fish tank.During the game's short 4 hour running time, what you peacemeal from its themes is tepid, at best. But this is the point, your perception of its world isn't supposed to be clear.I finished INSIDE more mystified than when I began - and that's the whole point. The story you unfold through opaque perceptions can only be gleaned from you. Everyone else's clout will seem strange to your INSIDE."
76561197968257624,Recommended,304430,24385457,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Jones,Like many others have said - this is 3-4 hours of silent narrative bliss.  Absolutely gorgeous imagery bound to compelling gameplay and a mood that is only approached by the likes of Limbo before it.A+  Worth every penny.
76561197984397079,Recommended,304430,24233223,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Excel 2010,From the begining to the end I enjoyed this game
76561197971815963,Recommended,304430,24177731,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Enefen,"Quite an unforgettable experience, and this is a game where it is better the less you know about it before you play it. It is one of the most polished games I have ever played and I heartily recommend everyone to play it!"
,Recommended,304430,24273736,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,johnsanderson101,Amazing
76561197980498974,Recommended,304430,24236594,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FreakStuNNer,"Set your mind to blown. INSIDE is probably one of the best games of played in a while. Simple controls, never boring, I enjoyed every second. Anyone can pick this up and enjoy it. I have to recommend you pick this game up."
,Recommended,304430,24268671,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,T-Bone,This is a must play game. This is kinda game you spend 5 hours in the weekend to stuck yourself in this immersive atmospheric experience. Thought provoking and emotion journey start from beginning till end.
76561198054334832,Recommended,304430,24275277,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,mcabrera222,Was a very imersive game. I had no idea that the environment would seem that massive. It's an awesome experience.
76561197961247732,Recommended,304430,24323359,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Grizz,"The narrative is a great parallel about humanity.You start off as a kid, then everything gets pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up.(For super serial though; its good. Buy it)"
76561197978479031,Recommended,304430,24227125,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LeWhisp,"""Limbo, but better""The game looks amazing.The puzzles are challenging enough to be rewarding but achievable to keep the flow of the game.The core of the game is in essence a simple platformer, but it is the attention to detail that take a simple game and creates a true gem.While £15 for a game you can complete in 2 - 3 hours is expensive, in my opinion it is worth the money for the exceptional atmosphere that Playdead have created,"
76561198034351558,Recommended,304430,24327888,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Arctor,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ really.Limbo pales in comparison, I feel like I've had this nightmare before and now I certainly will again.The fact that there is no dialague leaves so much to the imagination, and thats a good thing.What an experience, I feel like I need to think about what the hell just happened.Buy this game."
76561198047104097,Recommended,304430,24364327,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CallMeInspired,Wondering If You Should Buy The Game? Check Out The First 15 Minuteshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plsl_G58-3Y
76561198066510774,Recommended,304430,24195403,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Moon Wizard,"Fantastic game. If you like Limbo, you will love this. Possible red flags.POSTIVES:Simple, yet beautiful art style and environments. Many screenshots were taken.Fantastic puzzles and level design.SImple controls.Replayability.Rather short (Completed in 3.7 hours).Strange, yet extremely fun and interesting towards the end of the game.NEGATIVES:Unclear story and ending.Water areas may seem tedious.Rather short (Completed in 3.7 hours).OVERVIEWI highly recommend this game, especially if you have played and enjoyed Limbo. If you haven't played Limbo, I suggest you do so. The gameplay is simple and smooth, and you are given difficult obstacles with fantastic solutions around them. I highly suggest that you take the time to figure out a puzzle, rather than looking up a tutorial. I had fun playing it, and it was even more exciting near the end. The game is rather short, but it is highly replayable. If you are looking for a very clear story and ending, do not expect that from this game. This game was worth my $20, and I look forward to playing it again."
76561197970690004,Recommended,304430,24708175,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mynd,"It's not often that a game comes out and spells a milestone in the evolution of videos games.INSIDE does just that. It's seems as though someone at Playdead (the developers, who also made Limbo) took a pause and said ""OK, let's summarize all that's been discovered so far about the art of making video games"", and went on to produce a game that is so masterfully simple and approachable, so polished and full of nuance and beauty, and so mind provoking and culturally engaging that it feels like it's a flagship, here to usher the new era of video games as a fine art.As a gamer, I was completely transfixed to the game, from start to finish (it's about 3-4 hours long). The atmosphere is gripping, the events are nuts and gut wrenching, the gameplay is the most smooth and intuitive I've ever come across, and everything is utterly beautiful. The story sent my mind in so many directions; a part of me is still in that world, trying to figure things out.As a game designer, I am in complete awe, and full of respect and inspiration.This is what I'm talking about!Play this game."
76561198032673860,Recommended,304430,24662964,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FizzyBubbles,"I can't recommend this game enough. It is not just a game it is an artistic masterpiece. INSIDE is the one game I would do anything for to play it again for the first time. It is an experience unlike any other.The art style and sound design come together to create an immersive experience. The atmosphere it creates is deep and enveloped in mystery. If you like though provoking games you will enjoy this one.The most amazing part about INSIDE is it tells a story (some might say it only presents a story) all without a single piece of text or dialog. I think telling a story through the environment itself and player actions is the most captivating kind.Please give this game a try, I think everyone should have this amazing experience."
76561197991398694,Recommended,304430,24735912,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ched,"Great game, very dark and keeps you suprised the whole way through."
76561198041925113,Recommended,304430,24736061,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nedra,"My game of the year as of right now, perfect game design. If you want to make video games or are studying game design play the game and take notes. Also the sound design in the game is pure perfection."
,Recommended,304430,24706639,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MooX,A masterpiece of gamedesign that will blow your mind and leave you between darkness and wonderment.
76561197971622893,Recommended,304430,24192932,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SoulStalker_Sco,"10/10 - A must buyThis is the best puzzle game I have ever played. If you haven't already purchased this game then it is a MUST. It's one of the most mesmerising, conceptual and beautiful games I have had the pleasure of playing. No words or demo can discribe how addivtive and captivating this puzzler is. I don't have one negative thing to say about this game. It's music score, artwork and gameplay are perfection. This is a masterclass in game design, It is a Work of Art - 10/10. Congratulations to everyone involved in bringing this title to our screens and I will be looking forward to many hours in completing it and any further titles that follow from the developers."
,Recommended,304430,24175843,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Scorch,"As someone who loves visual storytelling, INSIDE is a treat. Even after the credits roll, there is a sense of mystery and intrigue for what you just went through, evoking a desire to figure out what everything means.But first, the gameplay. INSIDE is essentially LIMBO 2. It feels and plays just like Playdead's previous title and if you enjoyed the ambient and creepy aethstetic that game took place in, you'll feel right at home here.The 2.5 perspective is used masterfully in this game. The world feels rich and full of character despite being confined to a single plane. As for the visuals, every solitary frame looks like it was polished to the nth degree. Everything seems like it was meticulously placed within the world and it really contribute to the overall atmosphere.One of my main gripes about LIMBO was the difficulty of the puzzles. That has thankfully been addressed here and most of them can be solved within only a few tries. It's truly impressive how many things they do with the simple mechanics that are thrown your way.INSIDE's story (if you can really call it that) is left completely up to interpretation. It's incredibly vague and a lot of interesting imagery is thrown at you, but it isn't always clear how it all connects. You have to put the pieces of INSIDE's puzzle together on your own because it certainly won't do it for you.INSIDE left me with an impression, but it was hardly the one I initially thought I would end with. When I finally learned what I'd been working towards, it absolutely was not what I was expecting. It left me thinking about what I had just played and made me want to go throuh it all over again to try to grasp what it fully meant. Yes, the game is pricey, but if you want an experience you won't soon forget, prepare to find out what's inside."
,Recommended,304430,24449425,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,mnK .^.',"if you liked limbo you will love inside, guaranteed. and even if not, you ll love it anyway.awesome game & sound design. very tense atmosphere all game. nice ideas in level design.can only recommend."
76561198112477109,Recommended,304430,24289672,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Trixx,"Holy cow. What a game. Visually stunning from beginning to end, and it rarely repeats the same tricks or gameplay mechanics. Much, much more than box pushing and button pressing.The game is a huge improvement on what LIMBO did, and I guarantee it will shock and surprise every single player that completes it. Which you should.Completely worth the $20. Color me impressed."
76561197993474708,Recommended,304430,24349824,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Donnerjack,"****  Updated below primary review  *****Pure atmospheric puzzle solving. Not a word shall be spoken of the events. Nothing can be said to do it justice.Games should aspire to this simplistic granduer. Better than Limbo. Not Limbo.Just play it. And pay attention.play**updatecompleted first run. wow. freakin wow. more stunned by the fact that I still have so much more to go back and explore. The game presses you and pressures you at points, but there are so many areas that are just phenomenally vast that exploration is a must. Of course, the urgent need to find out where it is going and what is happening compels you to abandon sightseeing in favor of advancing your position. Incredibly well paced and smartly designedwell worth every penny"
,Recommended,304430,24590162,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,JakeTakesTheCake,"Just finished the game. Have no idea what happened. Will probably need to play another 10,000 more times before I know what happened. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24587953,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,prjkthack,"Innovative puzzles, beautiful atmosphere, and really weird. Must play."
,Recommended,304430,24244912,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bad Coupon,"Along the same lines as Playdead's previous game, LIMBO, INSIDE is a side-scrolling puzzle platformer. The game play similar to how LIMBO played, however the ambience and setting have had their volumes cranked way up. Puzzles are fun and the environments will captivate you. If you enjoyed LIMBO's gameplay, INSIDE has it all and more. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24224533,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mack,"Magnificent. The whole game was a non-stop sensual and mentally stimulating experience. This is the finest story driven Indie game i have EVER played. Limbo was amazing, but Playdead pulled out everything for this one and it paid off. The Character devlopment, the storyline, whilst not direct, you can discover little hints along the way to aid your understanding of events.A MUST play for all Gamers and Indie Fans."
,Recommended,304430,24500972,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tropic,Amazing and Intense Gameplay.!
76561198306511201,Recommended,304430,24632821,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jezuz the Blasphemer,"While “Inside” is a remarkable game in and of itself, and deserves much of the praise that it has garnered within so short a time since its outing, there is no denying the fact that it still is in many regards a successor to the unanimously enjoyed “Limbo”. It draws on it for the mechanics and the vibe, which although has an altogether different premise, still shares the same cryptic undertow. Even though the story and the setting are different, I, personally, couldn’t escape the feeling that it was, to all intents and purposes, a yet another “Limbo” installment. Or so they would have me feel. In actuality though, the game doesn’t quite measure up to its predecessor. It is absolutely incredible how Playdead accomplished so much more with less in “Limbo”, than they have with more in “Inside”. The charm of the game is nothing, and “Limbo” would have long been buried deep in the dustbin of gaming history, unless it posed such an overwhelmingly fun mental challenge – exactly what won the hearts and minds of the fans in the first place. The masterfully executed graphics and the inspiringly creepy feel would never have registered, unless there had been the challenge that kept you trying hard to receive the much-awaited gratification, that felt like you had accomplished something. This is exactly what “Inside” lacks – the challenge. Yes, it had my blood racing with a few close calls, and made me cringe and edge in my seat for the imminence of death, failed to escape from - for the umpteenth time, but this wasn’t the mental challenge I was hoping to find. The puzzles are virtually non-existent in the game, with solutions so obvious and fed to you that you barely have to stop to think what to do next. You know intuitively just where to go. Such that you basically rush through the story, marveling at the showcased dystopian world as you go along. This is one major drawback that takes away so greatly from what otherwise is a brilliant game. Their take on the new-world dystopia feels fresh and intriguing, the atmosphere is there all right, and the ending, though anticlimactic is true to what is shaping up to be a series of games. However, to recap, if you are looking to put your brains to the test they deserve, this game is sure to be taking you for a really disappointing ride."
,Recommended,304430,24353016,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,BogusBinary,"I do not give number reviews because I don't actually believe that system works. So here is a quick description of this game.The game is not long, 3-4 hours long depending on the puzzles. The puzzles themselves are not that difficult and fairly simple to work out. Gameplay wise, it has two buttons (grab and jump) and the left thumbstick for movement. This game looks beautiful with some great sounds and music. The main take away from this game is the ending, it's the kind of game that makes people question the entire game and what happened. It does not just end and you have the full story. It also has secrets! So you can play it again to maybe get a different ending? Great game, worth its $20 price. Well done Playdead."
76561198110706390,Recommended,304430,24509549,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,will567,It's pretty good. Figuring out some of the later puzzles was really satisfying. Bit of advice if you get extreme anxiety over underwater parts in games: just do it. I ended up looking up a play through just to watch 30 seconds of what something was and it ruined a big part for me.
,Recommended,304430,24464868,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Brynnjar,"""Every scene in this game is a piece of art.""As a designer, this is my thought:The game itself was dark, visually stunning, the story and the puzzle is thought-provoking.Minimalistic and beautiful, Inside instantly become my favorite game. Every frame is well-crafted and polished, from dust particles hovering in the sunlight, splashing raindrops, foggy air. Contrasting color palette, detailed animation, great sound design, moody lightning evokes my mood and sometimes I stop playing just to say “Wow, this is dope” and continue to enjoy the scenery.The choice of character shirt is just right, red-colored shirt and grey scenery just make it really good color splash, the bold contrast just make the scene more engaging and pleased my eyes.You can hear your character breathing hard after running, jumping, diving. Stellar camera works is dope, you’re always in the best viewing angle for what’s happening on screen. The game controller is simple as the game, no tutorial no instruction, the puzzle itself is not so hard but brilliant and also the storyline is simple yet mind-blowing, that’s what make this game so refreshing.This game can be your reference for design, highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24178805,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,WellMax81,"About a third of the way through.. this game is awesome. It doesn't play on the primal fears like LIMBO, but it's very creepy. The art style is sensational. At this point the puzzles aren't massively taxing, but I like where it's going. A triumph. Everyone should play this."
,Recommended,304430,24735984,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FGforty2,"Amazing Game by PlayDead again!! Brilliant and Beautiful just as Limbo was, but it takes it to another level entirely. Many ""WTF!"" moments throughout the game and the Ending level is beyond WTF!WTF did I just play?Brilliance is what I just played!Bravo to the team who made this masterpiece!"
76561197995476665,Recommended,304430,25086857,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Aengus,"This is the darkest and one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen.The game takes the style and feeling of Limbo, and brings it to the extreme."
76561198057482188,Recommended,304430,24918617,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Reverud-san,"It sucks you in and keeps on to you from the beginning, all the way to the end.Well done, Playdead."
,Recommended,304430,24977502,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GLOCKMONKEY,amazing
,Recommended,304430,24439616,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Instinx,This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Its only flaw is I wish it were longer. Thats what she said. However it certainly satisfies in other ways. The graphics are both simple yet gorgeous. The attention to detail in regard to the level design and the way the NPC's react to you is a masters class in how do design a game. The deaths can be brutal and horrifying. The puzzles are clever but not maddening. Why are you not playing this game?
76561198009022782,Recommended,304430,24184827,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Schnauzi,Beautiful and puzzling to the end.
,Recommended,304430,24187277,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kozah,"Incredible for a side scroller. Above and beyond considering Ori, Child of Light and S&S. Really glad I picked this game up!"
,Recommended,304430,24194001,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hubbles,It's so wrong to call this a game.It's an experience. And it's just mind-blowing.Play it. Just play it. Now.
,Recommended,304430,24396237,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Bingo,WTF was that?10/10
,Recommended,304430,24407094,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The Naked Gypsy,Amazing. Play this game. Now.
,Recommended,304430,24260865,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,XXxCHOI_BOIxXX,"Short but good. I know many people want 20 hours out of a $20 game, but I really liked this game and I think it's worth what it costs."
76561197971555404,Recommended,304430,24264019,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Brian Boru,"Beautiful, fun, and pricy for it's length."
,Recommended,304430,24343800,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,tanapta,"Honestly this is one of the most.... stresful, hardcore experience in gaming I ever had while still not being able to put it down. It is so goddamn ""heavy""! It grips for the whole game duration ~(3-4h)+ artstyle and animations - this isnt fotorealistic, but the way materials/light/animations blend together = masterpiece+ story or the lack of it (it kinda unfolds, lots of room for interpretation)+ it doesn't have a ""dull"" moments at all, you are always on the edge of the seat+ great audio and the use of music in certain scenes+ if you liked LIMBO - just buy this already.+ Not spoiling anything but after 5 minutes i felt like in a universe similar to the HL2, you feel hunted, alone and ""urge to never stop running""- it could be longer, no doubt...Numeric rating? I'd give it a 9/10 for sure"
,Recommended,304430,24284329,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FalseAgent,"THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECE. INSIDE is the creepiest and one of the eeriest games I have ever played, bar none. On a scale of 1-10 for creepiness, I give it a 11! I can almost guarantee you that you won't see the plot twist(s) and ending coming - and the game does it with absolutely zero dialogue. Hours after completing the game, I am still dumbfounded by the ending and the thinking about what it means. It sounds like an impossible balancing act, but the game concludes in a way that doesn't leave you hanging....and it doesn't answer all of your questions either.It would be a sin to not talk about how good this game looks. Every frame in this game is a painting! Screenshots from this game could go in a museum. While most games tend to exhibit the limitations of its graphics with stuff like jagged lines or overdone lighting, the graphics in INSIDE are....perfect! Everything is just so polished, one has to nitpick to notice something out of place. The game is also very careful with its colour palette. It purposefully maintains only cool colours throughout, and reserves warm colours for only things that are supposed to draw the player's attention to it.This game also sounds as eerie as it plays. There were times I almost felt claustrophobic because the character's heavy breathing in enclosed spaces sounded so believable. There is no actual soundtrack, only sounds, and you are reminded of everything through sound. From the echo of flipping a metal switch in an empty room to running out of breath underwater, the immersive sonic experience makes you fully believe that you are in the game.This game has been in development for six years (!) and it shows. It draws you in, keeps you curious, and then it shocks you. And my favourite part is how it pulls it off without going out of its way to make the point. By not using dialogue to tell the story, and restricting the colour palette of the graphics, and not having a soundtrack, this game is a pure masterclass in self-restraint and subtlety.*tip: don't play this game at night*tip 2: don't play this with earpieces if you have claustrophobia"
,Recommended,304430,24288184,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SPaZED,Don't watch gameplay or read about it. Just play and beat this game. One of the most memorable gaming experiences in a very long time and easily one my favorite games of the year. Amazing piece of art.
,Recommended,304430,24314531,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,GearLock,"Pros ++++++Graphics & Animations++++Level  Design++++Sound EffectsWorth 19,99Cons ----Short--Story"
,Recommended,304430,24273358,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,viskup,NEW LIMBO is a GREAT
,Recommended,304430,24275552,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,that dog from heart of darkness,bangin' game tbh
,Recommended,304430,24218286,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,.Loopy.,"Arguably the most unique and atmospheric game I have ever played.10/10Worth the price?:100% yes, the game may be relatively short, but the obvious amount of thought and work that went into this game is an easy sale.PROS:-Every single part of this game is fun to play, even water ""levels""(I usually hate water levels)-Ominous, eerie, disturbing, beautiful, atmospheric, odd, creepy, stunning....I could go on for a while-Controls are extremely smooth, and physics are spot on-You won't wanna stop playing this game straight through to the end, you just always have the desire to see what lies ahead-Everything has personality, even though there is zero talking in this gameCONS:-None of the puzzles were very challenging, this may be due to already playing Limbo, you just kinda know how the game works after you have played Limbo-One of the chicks died that you shoot at the hay bail...and that was not okayI won't forget this gem of a game just like I haven't forgotten Limbo, this game feels like it's Limbo all grown up, everything that Limbo is, was perfected in this game. DO NOT pass this game up, I hope other developers take notes on what this game did so well, and I already can't wait to see what Playdead comes up with next."
76561197967928778,Recommended,304430,24219046,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Herm,Wow. Just wow.Absolutely fantastic!10/10Would pay overpriced 20 bucks again.
,Recommended,304430,24394000,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Overand (Geo),"This game is damned amazing.  It's less humorous than Limbo, and more emotionally hard-hitting.  (I'm not sure I've found *any* humor in it, aside from the sort of existential-absurdidty sort.  It's just twitchy enough, but not so much that I'm endlessly frustrated, as often happens for me with twitchy games.  It's stressful to play in ways that Limbo isn't, and couldn't be.  The KillScreen review is spot-on; I didn't realize it at the time, but this game is a bit reminiscent of Eric Chahi's Another World / Out Of This World.   (Note: I'm not yet done with this game; per Steam, I've played it for 4 hours).I was cautiously optimistic; Limbo set a high bar.  I'm glad they took their time with this game, even if I suspect it will haunt my dreams for quite some time."
76561198041458706,Recommended,304430,24400517,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Synthomniac,"One of my favorite side scrolling games of all time. I am truly blown away by how beautifully crafted this game is. I was on the edge of my seat from start to finish. The replay value is great too, you will notice things you didn't before. Every aspect of the art and gameplay is beautifully exocuted. It is a MUST BUY!!Without spoiling, I do have to say the ending was very confusing and a bit dissappointing. I really loved every moment of the game up until then. It felt like the game abruptly ended without answering all the questions the story visually layed out."
,Recommended,304430,24401056,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BrightPotato,Just play it
,Recommended,304430,24401078,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Armenni,"Absolutely a masterpiece. Yes, better than Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24192531,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,borplet,a great game but had a unsatisfying ending in my own opinion. would definietly pick this up during a sale or something of the type.
,Recommended,304430,24295066,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,wagman,Just incredible. Bit short :/
76561198041011668,Recommended,304430,24340077,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ValdBaGina,"Amazing Smooth Gameplay.Intense Gameplay Moments.Short but unique story.Unforgettable moments.Creepy,Scary.Must Buy."
76561198117910690,Recommended,304430,24762847,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,IndecisiveDragon,"You'll honestly be taking screenshots every few seconds if you're intoimagery, cinematic scenes and atmosphere.There are countless events that will leave you gaping at the screen.This game features some of the most suspenseful and disturbing moments I've everexperienced in any game, and along with the clever mechanics and figuring outWHAT IS GOING ON???!!! ...You'll be dumbfounded by what lies Inside."
,Recommended,304430,25512503,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Scai,"Recently, I bought INSIDE from STEAM at day one, exactly what I did when LIMBO went out on the market some years ago.Playing this game is some kind of deep endless journey full of mystery that kidnap my mind and my eyes in a way that nor FALLOUT4 or DOOM did.This fascination is so deep to me that I decided to write to you to tell you what I'm writing now.As you can figure out, as an old gamer, I'm not fascinated by all those adolescents oriented games like DOTA or COUNTER STRIKE or WARCRAFT or whatever...... I'm looking for something more, much more than a game that make me happy because I'm at the top of of a frag rankings.FALLOUT4 and DOOM are great products, of course, probably because with a billonaire budget things may come more easily. But...What I found in INSIDE is an extremely brilliant talent, the same brilliant talent I remember when the market got shocked after ANOTHER WORLD came out.In my opinion, I would say, no one has really beaten ANOTHER WORLD in all these years, twenty six years... until now.Guys... after twenty six years... ANOTHER WORLD has been beaten... by you !Congratulations... you deserve my respect... and my money !"
76561198043976319,Recommended,304430,25662830,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,JEFFERY,Stop reading reviews and buy the game. It will change how you see games.
,Recommended,304430,24637723,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Xehovah,This a great game! But I honestly can tell you nothing...https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2016/07/06/within
,Recommended,304430,24513529,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheDaemoness,"This game makes a very strong case for games as a form of art. A bit of horror, a bit metaphorical, a coherent art style and definitely a considerable step up in production value compared to LIMBO. Not particularly difficult, but enjoyable to the end.Also a lot easier to get through in less than five deaths."
76561198071582106,Recommended,304430,24484089,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nenekiri,This game is what psychological horor games aspire to be. The atmosphere and sound design are exquisite. The game is short but that's because there isn't any filler.10/10 would be an action hero with my boys again.
,Recommended,304430,24319051,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,McVee,Fantastic and thought provoking. Also Kaneda....help me!!!!
,Recommended,304430,24326905,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,UNDACVR,10/10 would be left confused again.
76561197960679399,Recommended,304430,24194171,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,father time,No game has surprised me like this in ages.  Incredible game.
,Recommended,304430,24202467,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sleepyyoo,Why play Pokémon GO outside when you can play 'Inside'?
,Recommended,304430,24229143,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,yellow dellow,love love love love love its so simple and nice and perfect. not a single thing bad about it. it's very short at around 3 hours but it ends when it should and doesn't overuse a single mechanic. $20 is a lot for a 3 hour game but honestly this was an unforgettable experience and i'd gladly pay it again.
,Recommended,304430,24254793,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Toviz,Buy it. Now. don't hesitate.
,Recommended,304430,24646067,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Canjan,"I will start off by saying that I played this game with a controller and I say it is the best way to play this amazing game. If you boil this games mechanics down its a simple puzzle platformer, but much like PlayDead's previous game Limbo this game has amazing presentation. It sounds great, the animations are elagant, the sound builds mood and tension, and the ending is one of those great great drop the controller WTF moments that you need to experince. Just pay full price before anybody spoils it for you.So buckle up and prepare to watch a child get murdered... a lot."
76561198114301703,Recommended,304430,29537208,Posted: 28 January,all,PsychoticHal,Paied $20 for a 3 hour game. How do I feel about that?  Totaly worth it. 10/10. Play this game.
,Recommended,304430,28152850,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Elon Tusk,"Great looks, great sound, great story, even if I have no idea what happened."
,Recommended,304430,28356302,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Swampbunches,"Oh my god. This game is insane. Insanely well polished absolutely stunning. There's nothing like this. No game I have ever played has gotten this deep, this creepy, and stayed so compelling until the very last moments. Don't waste your time. Play this now. It's impossible not to love it. Visual story telling at it's absolute finest."
76561198012265890,Recommended,304430,28298375,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,evilapplepie,"Awesomely creepy and weird, I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,304430,27888541,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,⋈,best platformer ever
76561198204024637,Recommended,304430,27906943,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hans.frys,"As someone who felt that Playdead'sLimbowas overrated, I have to admit that their follow-upINSIDEwas a bit of a surprise. Whereas the former felt like a floaty, style-over-substance Flash platformer, the latter feels far more mature and refined in its execution.The puzzle design is at times quite clever and always intuitive. The game never bombards the player with too many moving parts—and there's very little bactracking involved, meaning that moving forward is usually the right solution.One major criticism to note: often the environments over-indulge in wide, empty areas, which at times feels like deliberate padding in a rather short game.The demo gives an excellent overview of the final product—if you're not sure if this game is for you, you'll know by the end of the demo."
,Recommended,304430,28906108,Posted: 1 January,all,juzmach,Amazing. A must play if you have played LIMBO.
76561197961208500,Recommended,304430,28773593,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Spank,"I rarely write reviews on anything but this game deserved my effort.The game Is atmospheric, beautiful and haunting, telling a story of a boy working his way deeper inside a facility.The gameplay is intuitive and so simple.Its the most fun and WTF moments i've had in a game for along time.Its short but beautiful, buy it..buy it now."
76561197970999762,Recommended,304430,28703644,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,3gg,Great platform puzzler. Amasing use of lighting for atmosphere. Strange but captivating story. 9/10
,Recommended,304430,28732515,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SeaJay,"Like LIMBO, but better in every way, imo (and I really liked LIMBO). Positively drowning in atmosphere, looks and sounds stunning.Will take you about 3 hours to complete at a leisurely pace, but there is also secret extra stuff to hunt down.The game is pretty easy (similar difficulty to LIMBO), so don't expect a challenge. This isn't meant to be a hardcore puzzle or platforming game.Don't hesitate to pick this one up if you're alright with paying $20 for a 3-hour game."
76561197994086219,Recommended,304430,28738006,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lonegunman,Great Game; same level as Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,29528513,Posted: 27 January,all,Okay.. like,Beautiful and amazing.
,Recommended,304430,29364771,Posted: 19 January,all,dillondakuyoung,"These devs care about making art, and they made a spectacularly poignant little piece of it."
76561198078458445,Recommended,304430,28536846,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mr. Magnanimous,Amazing game! Only downside is that it's to short.
,Recommended,304430,28543265,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Bell,"Amazing game, the atmos and just how it looks with its animations, colours, lighting and water effects all merge together beautifully, absolutely gorgeous!"
,Recommended,304430,29096312,Posted: 7 January,all,Dooch,"Genius! Give it 3 hours of your life, it's absolutely worth it!"
76561198058901502,Recommended,304430,28026156,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Figgy,"Really fantastic game right here. If you liked LIMBO, or  puzzle platformers at all, you should definitely give this game a try. The setting and tone of the world really set the mood for a desolate, mysterious journey. The way that Playdead uses environmental storytelling is excellent, and in my opinion sets a standard for not just indie games, but all games in general. Speaking of story, INSIDE's main narrative and ending is one that will definitely stick with you and have you asking tons of questions. If you are a fan of games, or of art in general, you owe it to yourself to experience this masterpiece."
76561198052382679,Recommended,304430,29257843,Posted: 14 January,all,rockyourteeth,"This is probably in my top 3 experiences playing a game, right up there with games like Journey. By the time the credits appeared at the end, I was in a weird emotional state where I wanted to cry, laugh, and hug someone all at the same time. Just beautiful."
76561197997599501,Recommended,304430,29410746,Posted: 21 January,all,DeadPinz,"Incredible game; beautifully polished, superbly atmospheric - headphones and darkness mandatory!Well balanced puzzles that are  both challenging and enjoyable, without being repetitive.Can't help but be slightly disappointed at how the story ends. Felt like it was building up to something a lot more incredible/prophetic/breath-taking (a la the end of Half Life 2). Unfortunately, my amazement with the game took a steep nose dive during the final 10-15 minutes - just felt kinda stupid compared to everything leading up to that point.The concluding sequences aside, it's still an exceptional adventure that's both unique and engaging. Recommended."
,Recommended,304430,29100501,Posted: 7 January,all,Kranklafan,"Best atmospheric game i know on steamReally dark, twisted and interesting look in a dystopian future"
,Recommended,304430,24317256,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Snookums,Everything you hear about this game is true. Worth every krone.
,Recommended,304430,24320196,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Will,Great game but finished it in 2 days.I wish I had waited for at least a 20% off sale.
76561197967112497,Recommended,304430,24319617,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Blaedmon,"Its got beauty, its got brains, its got fun. Buy it, dont be dumb. A lot of people are complaining it costs too much at the moment - I disagree. If youre low on funds you probably shouldnt be looking at buying games right now. Common sense nonwithstanding the game, i think, is priced well inview of the amount of polish and fun the game provides. INSIDE is spooky, scary in places, and fun.People also seem to whinge about the story, certain events, locations, and unexplained items. Why? Do you need your hand held? Picture this: this is a game which is trying to achieve a sense of suspension of reality. We play games for this. Perhaps youre NOT an omniscient protagonist and you dont have all the answers. Pretty scary to find yourself seemingly breaking out of a vast, strange facility and on the run from people who seem to want you dead for a reason you have no idea of.Personally I love games that dont hold your hand. Youre totally in the dark. And its atmospheric. Perfectly done."
,Recommended,304430,24306986,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Chow yun fat,"Graphics, gameplay, animation and story10/10one of the best!"
,Recommended,304430,24322433,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Literally The Worst,"INSIDE from Playdead is the follow-up to 2010's LIMBO and the lineage shows. Like its predecessor, INSIDE is a puzzle-platform with a focus on ambiance, mood, and tone with an unconventional narrative. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/Gnn3YjuML7A"
,Recommended,304430,24266980,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,cshouston,"Six months into 2016, I think I may have found my GOTY. Moody, atmospheric, *creepy*, but most of all: FUN! The puzzles are logical and won't take forever to suss out as long as you have two brain cells left to rub together (sorry, internet trolls). The controls have real weight to them - especially in latter sequences - and the way the character interacts with its environment is entirely believable. I have rarely seen such finely programmed physics in a platformer before.The game itself is crafted like a work of art for you to pore over, ponder, and attribute to it your own thoughts and opinions. I loved the developer's first game, LIMBO, and six years later, Inside had me just as enthralled as its predecessor. This game is worth every penny of the $20 price of admission and a no-brainer when it inevitably goes on sale."
76561198178499686,Recommended,304430,24170922,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,4 pals pallin around,"Great game, wacky ending, and strange mystery of finding out what is Inside."
76561198047807766,Recommended,304430,24264584,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sailor Poon,"Upon just finishing my first playthrough I was speechless. This was the first time in a long time that a piece of media has left me speechless. Did I have questions? Tons of them, but the game was so fulfilling visually and mechanically that I just smiled when the screen went dark after the credits. Never have I seen a game so successful with its atmosphere, the erireness of it all added to what was already a great puzzle/platformer. I never had played limbo and wanted to but when I saw that this was the successor I decieded to purchase this game instead and for 3-4 hours I got my moneys worth. That was just in one go, apparently there is an alternate ending that requres a more in depth playthrough. I now see why everyone loves this game, it does deserve its praise. It lands on all the marks that it is supposed to. If you have an afternoon and are looking to be challenged yet pleased, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,304430,24268067,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Scarmax,"Unbelievable!  Absolutely incredible!  This game is, without a doubt, one of THE most creative and imaginative pieces of digital artwork I have EVER played!!  That's right... I said ARTWORK.  I've been PC gaming for over 30 years, and only once in a rare moment does a game like this come along.  The inventive puzzles are fun and challenging without being overly complex or cryptic.  The visual design borrows from the gloomy dispair of Limbo and then cranks it up to 11 with a plethora of wonderfully immersive and satisfyingly twisted scenery.... the level design and lighting effects leave me speechless.  The animation style is beautifully smooth and detailed, and the movement controls work seamlessly and intuitively for a perfectly fluid game play experience.  And to round it all out, the sound effects and music are simply top-notch!  An instant classic... humorous, creepy, slightly disturbing, visually satisfying, and just an overall fantastic game.  VERY highly recommended!!  :D"
,Recommended,304430,24268143,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Muramasa,"Crazy good, play it"
,Recommended,304430,24270438,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MortVader,"Amazingly well done sequal to Limbo.The game mechanics works perfect. The visuals and audio is really well done. Very atmospheric.The puzzles are hard enough so you don't just solve them all right at once. Some of them needs some trial-and-error, before you get it right.I just don't understand the story-line. After completing the game, I was just...   ?!what!?! Is this it?!?!I do not understand what it was all about :(Bit of a turn-off in the end."
,Recommended,304430,24274404,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AWuerth,Just buy it.
,Recommended,304430,24293585,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Asymmetry,BEST PLATFORMER I'VE EVER PLAYEDNO COMMENTSNO REVIEWSJUST BUY IT
,Recommended,304430,24281764,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,RENGO,"Worth taking a look. Its not very long, but its dark scenery is solid."
,Recommended,304430,24302420,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CatBearGaming,"The amazing scenery and jaw dropping moments (especially near the end) make up for any lack of ""Game-ness"" that this may have. The ending leaves a lot to be desired, and the lack of a level select (from what I can find) diminishes my desire to hunt down the 2 orbs I missed in order to find out of the secret ending is any better. However, I'm a firm believer in the journey over the destination and this game was one hell of a ride."
76561197972200879,Recommended,304430,24301042,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rune,Best game I've played this year.
76561198041957579,Recommended,304430,24301824,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Hellboy935,"I highly recomend this game to anyone who enjoyed Limbo, same creator's, and a big step forward.Do not look at any video's by people, it will spoil the expiriance, the game lasted me 5 hours, split between two evenings.I do not judge a game by how long to complete, I judge by quality.For me this game ticks all the boxes, has an amazing art style, fantastic music/ ambience.Its a seriously dark game, with puzzels which make you think, but not tear your hair out.Highly recomended to anyone thinking of getting this, anyone can play, easy to learn.(i would advise changing the keyboard mapping, very simple in game controls)I would go into more detail, but I will not spoil this masterpiece, I personaly give is 9/10"
,Recommended,304430,24239924,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gromweld,"Came for the atmospheric dread, stayed for the existential terror, was rewarded with godzilla-threshold body horror."
76561197994414265,Recommended,304430,24309959,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cheff,"I really like non-verbal storytelling, and this is some of the best I've seen in a long time. It's short, a little less than two hours if you just rush through, but WELL worth it! And it is a beautiful game on top of everything else; muted colors and dark lighting perfectly set the tone, and the lack of any hud makes it PERFECT screenshot/background material!And I'm a sucker for a game that teaches you how to play without telling you anything."
,Recommended,304430,24309271,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Spencer Key,Brilliant.
,Recommended,304430,24263449,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Lifebeat,"just like in LIMBO, you get to play a small innocent boy as he unravels the eerie and disturbing environment.very enjoyable interaction gameplay and a TON of polish to support it.the story this time is fairly unimportant near the start.you're a hunted boy who needs to go to the right, and avoid any conflict.as time goes on, you'll start questioning things about the constant hunt.without spoilers, this game had a incredibly smart story, with an greatly open ending sequence with lots of food for thought.i will recommend the game since this is exactly the kind of games i love so much, but i will not recommend the current price, as the game itself is fairly short and can be played through a single day with some extra time.wait until a sale pops up, or put it in your wishlist."
,Recommended,304430,24289895,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,LawlTrev,"Expertly crafted game. The tiny details from the way people move to how they react to their enviroment makes this world feel alive and dangerous. Stunning visuals, great atmosphere, and a cryptic storyline makes this one for your collection."
,Recommended,304430,24277067,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cyrus40K,"this game is absolutely well made, but what's the story about? i can't understand. the whole playthrough is very good."
76561197996046481,Recommended,304430,24246411,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ObviousIssues,"I don't normally get sneaky side scrolling games like this, I think I only made an exception because of the intriguing graphics and implied story. I was pleasantly surprised by the game's incredible visual and sound design. The mechanics themselves are crisp and reliable, never frustrating me with a puzzle because I couldn't get it to work, only because I hadn't found the solution.However, the story is a lie. There is no plot. There is stuff going on in the background while you progress but there's no explanation or real sense that any of it matters. It's pleasantly dreamlike in that way but I prefer some kind of story that can be wrapped up when I finish the game, or at least something that makes sense when I step back afterwards.Should you play this game? Yes. Should you buy it for twenty dollars? I don't know. Get it on sale or watch some Let's Plays and then buy it. It's neat."
,Recommended,304430,24330470,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Quady14,"That was... Strange, fascinatingly strange.Playdead nailed the atmospheric puzzle-platformer again. Yeah, this game feels like it hits the beats a little too similarly to LIMBO at times, but all-around feels more refined and a bit more coherent to the story it's telling. The mechanics and gimmicks are different from LIMBO too, I think it's just a matter that Playdead's filling a niche that they're good at and there's nothing wrong with that if they do it well, and damn do they ever! One thing I love is that while LIMBO felt like it really frontloaded its best parts, INSIDE cushions the big moments throughout, so I never felt too dragged through an excess of puzzle sections. Not much really outstays its welcome to any unreasonable extent.If you're a fan of Interplay's old classics, stuff like Heart of Darkness or like the Oddworld games, or if you just played LIMBO and liked it well enough, you may want to check this out. Only detractions I've heard about or experienced are length and price. Yes, it's under 3 hours according to my Steam time for a solid playthrough, but really it didn't feel like that to me, I got lost in its world and lost track of time, and a good game will do that to you, I kept wondering how many hours passed, I was seriously surprised when I saw my time played.Will I be playing it again? Maybe not soon, but LIMBO brought me back in with its alternatingly sinister and tranquil world, as well as memorable moments, and I think INSIDE will do the same. If anything, wait for a sale, but I really do think it's worth playing,"
,Recommended,304430,30958065,Posted: 5 April,all,b@dman,Curious. Creepy. Engrossing.Do it.
,Recommended,304430,30967510,Posted: 5 April,all,X-toph,100 out of 100.its a masterpiece.people who say it's to short have their minds to short. this thing is gorgeously aesthetic. it's the creapiest game i've encountered. And the final is compleatly unexpected. puzzles are great and very crative with a fresh  feel to it. (belive me i've played many logic puzzles) great work keep it up!
76561198047006155,Recommended,304430,30967459,Posted: 5 April,all,machina22,"Atmospheric, haunting, mysterious... this game is just sublime. Exactly what I was hoping for from PlayDead after Limbo."
76561198075280397,Recommended,304430,30951863,Posted: 4 April,all,JohnnyDarko,"I don't know what's going on in this world, but it was a great game."
,Recommended,304430,24197634,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Choco Guy,Simple but very addictive. One of the best sidescrollers I've played in a while
76561197983823816,Recommended,304430,30944957,Posted: 4 April,all,SUPERSTRUMPET,"Bought it full-price, no regrets, thoroughly enjoyed it. But.. two days after having finished the game, I got a coupon for 40% off INSIDE for people who own LIMBO. That's fun. 10/10 for Steam somehow sneaking buyer's remorse into an otherwise solid purchase. Do me (and yourself) a favor and buy it full-price. Make me feel better, please. Use your mom's credit card, your lunch money, do whatever it takes. God damn you, Valve."
,Recommended,304430,33085642,Posted: 1 July,all,slimbuttons,"So, look. You've heard about them and yes, the ending(s) are more interesting than most game endings, and shed light on the (intriguing, mysterious) main action of the game. And towards the end there is indeed a...no spoilers: very novel-feeling game mechanic.But I want to write toDE-emphasize the ending(s): for me, this wasn't a game where ""it's good and then you get to the end and OH WOW.""this is a game where you start to play and OH WOW WOW WOW WOW.It is such a tightly made and designed game, in every respect.the way the narrative world is gradually and in-background revealed as you 2D-scroll through itthe simplicity and cleanliness of the puzzles themselvesmovementis very satisfying: it's obviously limited, but with a small vocabulary of choices you feel pretty free because you have everything you need to engage this environmentAnd then what happened, for me, was this unity and thoughtfulness of design--it really feels likeeverything locks together with everythingin this game--elevated the experience into one of total immersion.This is a game where you run to the right and sometimes run to the left and grab or push things to do puzzles with them. And it's one of the most arresting and immersive works of art I've experienced in a long time. I can't recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,304430,25126654,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dubble,"Devs provided a workaround for the crash issue I was having, and I was able to play through to completion. loved every minute."
76561198010991017,Recommended,304430,31052356,Posted: 9 April,all,Dynamis,"Masterpiece.10/10, would WTF again."
,Recommended,304430,31005385,Posted: 7 April,all,Exorcizm,Wtf did I just play?
,Recommended,304430,30990432,Posted: 6 April,all,Xithran,"Very thought provoking, but short game I would recommend picking it up on a sale for a game with some light puzzles and good atmosphere."
76561198105115134,Recommended,304430,24251579,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Goldentall,"This was an extraordinary experience. A very simple and spoiler-free way to explain what this meant to my gamer heart is this, imagine all those HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments you had in all those 2d adventure/platforming games in the 90's (Another World, Heart of Darkness...), now imagine a game that starts in a very intense way and then just ramps up the holy♥♥♥♥♥♥factor every couple of minutes. This is a superbly crafted world, with every room, animation and puzzle given the love and care of some very talented artist.This game is super creepy and weird, but don't let that stop you from enjoying this fantastic memorable gem.Thank you Playdead and see you in another 6 years for your next amazing release ;)"
,Recommended,304430,24253164,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Duncan,"You should play Inside.  There are a lot of reasons to play Inside.That being said, if you're primarily playing Inside because you like puzzles, you may be disappoointed.I'm not saying there aren't any good puzzles in Inside.  In fact, there are a lot of really neat puzzles.  However, sometimes they're either very simple or very tedious.  Many of them are timing based, so you'll die a lot while trial-and-erroring your way through a puzzle (much like in Limbo).Anyway none of that matters.  You're not gonna play this game for the puzzles.  You're gonna play it for the atmosphere.  You're gonna play it for the cool moments masterfully woven into the game.Animation, atmoshpere, visuals,  and sound design are all top notch.This transcends video games, this is an interactive art exhibit."
76561197972053813,Recommended,304430,24253072,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Frankenberry,From start to finish this title reminds me why I play games. Simple puzzles that will make you think! An unspoken story unfolding puzzle after puzzle.  Dark 80s erie soundtrack that is woven into the world seamlessly and lots of surprises! My favorite tittle in years! Don't pass this one up.
,Recommended,304430,26059497,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Joris,This is definitely one of the best games I played in 2016! It´s an around four hours long 4K masterpiece that will leave you in awe! I highly recommend playing it!
76561197970353160,Recommended,304430,24253551,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dim,"amazing game, great atmosphere. The kind of polish this game has is so rare these days. Everything just feels so tight and awesome. Good job guys!"
,Recommended,304430,28083736,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Alcator,"Spectacular game.Whenever you think there can't be any more new gameplay or new surprises, the developers throw another new something to keep you at the edge of your seat.The 3 hours of gameplay are fascinating."
,Recommended,304430,31072149,Posted: 10 April,all,ErrorUnknownGT,"Argh, I hate cliffhanger endings! So I played this game right after LIMBO, and I have to say, it's quite the experience! So first off, the atmosphere, and visuals were quite breathtaking at times, just you running along and behind you is a huge open area with some quiet music playing in the background, certainly refreshing after beating a difficult puzzle. And of course, the game being based around puzzle solving! Allot of new gameplay mechanics in this game compared to the first one, having to control other humans to complete specific tasks being the new big mechanic, which definately gives the game more depth and there are quite a few other new mechanics as well. Now, this game has a bit more of a story, however, you can't truly descipher what's going on in the story, all you know is that some unknown induviduals have enslaved some other unknown individuals to do their work by the looks of things, and you, the main character being a boy, advancing through the story trying not to be caught or killed. And being a puzzle-solving game you will of course have to use your brain. if you're bad at puzzle solving I can't say I would recommend this game to you as you will need to use your brain allot, in order to advance the game. there is now allot more colour compared to the first game as you pretty much just had black and white in the first one, now it has allot more atmospheric depth to it. And the ending was unfortunately again, a cliffhanger, however the moments before the end were pretty damn awesome. SPOILERS: Getting revenge on the individuals that enslaved you and finally getting ""free(?)"" was certainly satisfying and ""forming up"" with your fellow people to escape was pretty damn awesome. Overall I enjoyed the experience and it can certainly develop your puzzle solving skills and test you intelligence quite well. That's about it. i'd recommend it to anyone who doesn't hate puzzles. :)"
,Recommended,304430,25071597,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pubichare,"Great game, would buy again. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,25064363,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Halloween xxxx[::::::::::>,★ ★ ★ ★ ★
,Recommended,304430,25064963,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Haiiro Okami,I don't....Just....What...?
76561197970421467,Recommended,304430,25065884,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Biz,"Wow, what a great follow up.  Did not disappoint."
,Recommended,304430,25069626,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Raiden,Another masterpiece from Playdead. Keep em' coming!
,Recommended,304430,25075205,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Takhisis,I havent played a game in a long time that left me sitting gobsmacked like this one just did. I have literally said wow out loud several times since it ended. Already reading up ending theories...I really loved Limbo and this was somehow even better!...wow...(Please make a milion games forever Playdead!)
,Recommended,304430,25066323,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mister Mumbles,wtf did i play 10 out of 10
,Recommended,304430,24243454,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Xmoono,"Inside is a cool little game that deserves more attention. The use of light is great, and the game does a good job of making you feel small and in constant danger.The ending has a lot of people talking. Some like it, some don't. The game also has a lot of secrets, which provides opportunities for replayability for those who want to know more about the lore in the game.all in all I strongly recommend buying it. The game is not too long (About 2 - 4 Hours. Depends on the player), so you should play it in a run to get the ultimate experience."
,Recommended,304430,31078434,Posted: 11 April,all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"Inside is a great little adventure puzzle solving game, protect the boy and find a way out."
76561198073252697,Recommended,304430,24242877,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BabyFace,"Yes this game is short, and i understand how you could be reluctant to buy such a short game at this price, but Inside is worth every single penny. Unlike Limbo this game does'nt fall flat (the last hour of that game was pretty dull in my opinion) but instead as you go on things become more and more sinister as you try to piece together whats going on right until an extremely suspensful ending that leaves you with more questions than answers. Just do yourself a favor on this one and go in as blind as you can. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,26607359,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gagurum,"Increible, muy cerca a la perfeccion hecha videojuego, simple, tenso, inteligente, y muy agradable a la vista.Aunque talvez demasiado corto, dejando con ganas de mas, INSIDE es un 9."
76561198088947898,Recommended,304430,24257185,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Eggsy,Inside is a worthy sequel to Limbo in every way. My only complaint is that it ended as soon as it did; I didn’t want to stop playing!
76561198059226592,Recommended,304430,24187444,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Za Finch,"Wow.  Just...wow.  This thing needs to be seen and experienced.  I'm...still processing what just happened.  I dunno what I'll take from it in the long run, but I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,304430,28826909,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Stonebuck,"Summary:A worthy spiritual successor to LIMBO, Playdead return after six years with this dark and twisted 2.5D sidescrolling puzzle-platformer. Retaining the core visual storytelling and unsettling ambience that made the original so great, INSIDE also adds heightened variation to both gameplay and environment to make for another unforgettable experience, though the reduced puzzle difficulty is somewhat disappointing. Just like in its predecessor, you'll die a lot.Rating:1 - A masterpiece. An essential purchase for everyone.2 - Great game. Highly recommended to most people.3 - Fairly good game. Recommended mainly for fans of the genre or when on sale.4 - Poor game. Not recommended but has a few merits.5 - Awful game. Would not recommend to anyone in their right minds."
,Recommended,304430,31330650,Posted: 23 April,all,Luckytime!,"This game is the definition of quality over quantity. I can be completed in 1 afternoon, about 3-5 hours even on a blind playthrough. It felt shorter than Limbo, but the visuals are breathtaking. The puzzles are clever, and make you feel clever, but if you want a challenge you won't find it here. The puzzles were designed to be easy enough for most people to solve, which isn't a bad decision, but it's worth keeping in mind. The story is the real reason to play this game though, everything about the design of this game pulls you in and makes you forget you're playing a game. The real value of this game is the level of immersion it gives you, which is very very rare these days. 10/10 from me."
76561198177840438,Recommended,304430,31318567,Posted: 23 April,all,dix out,just play it
,Recommended,304430,31332331,Posted: 23 April,all,Kliekie,"It's a pretty expensive game looking at the fact I finished the game in 2-3 hours... But was it worth it?ABSOLUTELY!I don't mind throwing my money at awesome original games like these.I took way to many screenshots or just stop running because I needed to soak in all the pretty details. It's amazing how they achieved so much detail and creativity in a 2D platformer with very limited saturation. The animations are spot-on and I love how they made use of the ragdoll physics.It's a big step up in design compared to their previous game Limbo, but the puzzles seemed easier.I'm looking forward to see what they publish next! <3"
,Recommended,304430,27047179,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChiiKrayZ,"Satisfaction is greater if you finish this game without referring for help, no matter how long it may take."
76561197972229144,Recommended,304430,27044487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,schfiftyFivers,Great game. If you enjoyed limbo definitely check it out.
,Recommended,304430,31240733,Posted: 19 April,all,UTZ|OziOn,"I love everything about this game. Especially the animations. If you enjoyed LIMBO, chances are that you'll enjoy this game as well.That ending though. What the f***?! :D"
,Recommended,304430,31203836,Posted: 17 April,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:Atmosphere. INSIDE does a great job at cultivating a lonely, creepy, terrifying, powerlessness.Excellent environment and puzzle design.Minimalist UI/design, no text or dialog throughout the entire game.All the game mechanics are buttery smooth.Cons:Very short. It'll only take you about 3-3.5 hours to beat."
76561198162673146,Recommended,304430,31048684,Posted: 9 April,all,Space Cowboy,"With so many massive open world games that claim to provide ""hundreds of hours of content"" being released lately, I found Inside to be a breath of fresh air. Inside is only about 3 hours long, but stays consistently fantastic throughout the whole duration. It keeps adding fresh ideas and mechanics and knows to quit while it's ahead. No two puzzles felt the same, and they never felt too easy or too difficult. The game also has a great atmosphere with a minimalist aesthetic in both visuals and audio. The ending was also suprising, I personally guarantee that there is no way you could ever see it coming.That being said, the game's 20 dollar price may be a bit much for just 3 hours of content. Personally, I bought the game with a coupon so it only cost me 12 bucks. While you should definitely get this game, maybe you might want to wait for a price drop or sale."
,Recommended,304430,31207016,Posted: 17 April,all,ShinigamiBG,There is not any other word than Masterpiece for this product. I just praying not to wait for another 5 years for the next game of this talalanted studio.
76561197975344400,Recommended,304430,31207239,Posted: 17 April,all,Jiupex,A wonderfully crafted decent into bleak sci-fi horror with an ending that will leave you speechless.
,Recommended,304430,26847530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Radolotl,"compared to limbo, inside had easier puzzles to some degree. However i think it had a more interesting storyline with it being slightly more obvious but still can very easily be debated over. however the two games were both great and would reccomend both of them"
,Recommended,304430,29971601,Posted: 16 February,all,klapstoelpiloot,"Glad to have spent my money on this game. Worth the whole 20 euros! Very good gameplay, the controls are good, the puzzles are good and the atmosphere is good. Truely a work of art! If you like Limbo, you should play this too."
,Recommended,304430,29406048,Posted: 21 January,all,Hymanator,"I just played this entirely in one evening while my wife and kids watched as if it were a movie. There never seems to be a dull moment and new situations are always being thrown at you, which makes for a very fun game. I was very impressed with the amazing visuals this game had. It looks like a painting but maintains a very fuild animation. The story was very well done also. I definitely got a ""Another World""/""Out of this World"" vibe. Great game!"
,Recommended,304430,29863017,Posted: 11 February,all,One-Eyed Man,Incredible sense of atmosphere.  Genuinely eerie world.  Tense!  Get it.
,Recommended,304430,24264420,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Pigeon,Good game
76561197989906616,Recommended,304430,24165784,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Steboost,"No spoilers I'll just say this is a great successor to LIMBO. If you liked that then this is for you.It's not as hard but some of the puzzles (especialy the hidden achievment ones) might have you scratchnig your head for a little bit.Like LIMBO it oozes atmosphere and style, with great animation & sound That make this as much an experience as a game.Not that long but you'll struggle to find such a memorable and original 3-4 hours."
76561198029480802,Recommended,304430,24508168,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Krzysiek,"""This game is deeper than the bottom of a Pringles can﻿"".Well few hours  of gameplay BUT....it is totally worth it. If you enjoy puzzle and mind blowing games - you just found one."
76561198030903982,Recommended,304430,24514344,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The Milo Train,"Inside is good. Its one of those games that gives you a journey, leaving you feeling weathered and fatigued at the end.It's created by the same people as Limbo, and the creators aren't exactly innovative in the spectrum of gameplay. The game functions almost exactly the same as Limbo, but that's not inherently a bad thing. Limbo was a journey through beautiful environments with occasional puzzle-jumpy stops laden in said environment. This is the same thing, except now you can swim. Gg Playdead.The look and feel of the game is phenomenal, giving the old, scary, nostalgic taste of disturbing science fiction and there's even some body horror. This is pretty much the best part of the game, its atmosphere and presentation is great. One complaint I've seen is that it is a rather brief experience. Honestly, I'd say the time spent for the quality is worth your money.It will most certainly be memorable."
,Recommended,304430,25468149,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,WaDoodle,its pretty good
,Recommended,304430,24779807,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mishu,"Won't review this game like other reviews, because you probably will read other reviews with better structure and pros and cons etc. Just a few thoughts:Loved the game, and now i'm in that situation where i can't wait to see what Plydead comes up with next...Play this game with a good pair of headphones or speakers, cause Playdead knows their sound design.*minor spoiler*Be aware, the game is pretty short, and ends abruptly, just like LimboThere's no spoon-fed story. You build your own opinions on what the world is and what it all means*end of spoiler*Still, for the atmosphere, sound design, and animation, would recommend. I loved every second of it"
76561197993237639,Recommended,304430,25017217,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,NeVo,"Incredible art, style and atmosphere (with some surprising elements, so don't watch the playthrough beforehand!). Just a really great game and probably my favorite of 2016 so far!The puzzles are rather easy but they fit into world of the game and never feel repetitive or too simple."
,Recommended,304430,25217284,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,lucas8913,What the ♥♥♥♥ just happened?
76561197993997665,Recommended,304430,25206395,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,duffy,"I do not remember when was the last time when I felt so exciting playing a game. a true masterpiece. a mystical gameplay, in a strange world, and the best thing is, have no clue about the story, the goal, just playing and solving the superb logical challenges to get forward our little hero, who has no name. beautyful graphics, great animations, and a strange ending. a must to try this game!"
,Recommended,304430,24659425,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Amer,Really atmospheric and really fun and creative puzzles. The deaths are surprising in a good way and add to the experience. Really recommend it especially now that they've fixed a bug that had problems with light and made some puzzles difficult
76561198025304966,Recommended,304430,24608543,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Baby Jager,"Inside is a haunting, terrible masterpiece. From its expressive, and often grotesque, animation design, to its hazy, monochrome landscapes, this is a game that reeks style and ambiance like no other. It's a world like no other.Anytime you think  you've begun to understand this strange world, it only gets stranger, and its implications more horrifying. It's a game, like Hyper Light Drifter, that never feels obligated to explain itself to you. It feeds you just enough to invite all kinds of questions, then cackles at your ravenous desire for answers, any answer.There are no answers. Only the pale glow of sunlight on the far side of hell."
76561197973964371,Recommended,304430,24695989,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,"Meow, Meow, I'm a Kitty","Such a deeo, beautiful, dark game. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,304430,24771297,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Strongly Hyped,"A fantastically disturbing iteration on their previous creation, Limbo. Every puzzle I came across felt like it had so much thought put into how to make it as accessible to the player without scaring them off. They absolutely nailed the art style in this game, and even though it stays consistent throughout the entire game, the scenes vary enough that you never get tired of it.What I especially liked was that they didn't feel the need to answer every single question they made you ask about the story and the world around it.Great game."
76561198121887744,Recommended,304430,31962694,Posted: 25 May,all,SIOPAO,Well this is one of the best platform game.
,Recommended,304430,32029025,Posted: 28 May,all,<=RB= Argy,"This game is pretty much LIMBO 2.0You will play as a similar character in the same kind of monochromatic environment, albeit with a few more ""red barrel"" puzzles this time.The puzzles were enjoyable, for the most part.Personally I don't really like time-limited puzzles, of which there are quite a few.The most enjoyable puzzles involve manipulating objects in the environment to achieve seemingly difficult tasks. There are plenty of those and the solutions can be worked out with a little bit of lateral thinking.The story is weirder than LIMBO. Not a bad thing.I found the ending a little unsatisfying. Nothing like LIMBO which, while not answering all the questions thrown up throughout the course of the game, still felt like you had achieved something.This was kind of ... flat.Definitely play this if you enjoyed LIMBO, you like puzzle games (think 2D Portal), and you appreciate stark atomspheric games."
,Recommended,304430,24267747,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Hissara,"You’ve probably heard a lot of hype for INSIDE. Some have already called it a GOTY contender, with 10s and 9s across the board. It’s easy to feel a bit wary about anything this praised. I mean, LIMBO was also critically acclaimed. That was their first game, how does any team make two hits in a row? Can lightning really strike twice? Is Playdead’s 2nd title really deserving of all this praise?... Is it too cheap of an answer to just say yes?Full Review:https://dvsgaming.org/game-review-inside/"
,Recommended,304430,32098925,Posted: 31 May,all,reako,"After playing inside I asked myself the following questions:Will I be ok?What drugs were the developers on?What drugs should I have been on?Why are mermaids trying to kill me?Does free will exist?Is there a god watching us?Is anarchy the only way to achive pure freedom?And most imporantly, whats up with that ♥♥♥♥ing pig?"
,Recommended,304430,24355989,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Bokor,"Atmospheric, haunting, beautiful... horrifying.  I can't stop thinking about this game."
,Recommended,304430,24326179,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Rubin110,Best platformer I've ever played. Worth finding all the orbs. Play in a dark room with good sound.
76561198067049386,Recommended,304430,24326489,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dhalious,"Rarely finish a game in one sitting, but this was amazing. All I kept thinking was ""where am I? and Why am I here?"" Such a beautiful game."
,Recommended,304430,26351084,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TacticalBigBoss,Vote Inside 2016
,Recommended,304430,24327068,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Calciphur,"One of the most beautiful, well-polished games I've ever played. It's a short game, around 4-5 hours long, but the story and atmosphere alone make this game well worth its price point."
,Recommended,304430,25490348,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mallikeet,"Let me start out by pointing out that I was not much of a fan of Playdead's previously acclaimed venture, Limbo. It was a game that I felt took too easy paths to get a feeling or reaction from the player. A good game, but overrated.However, Inside feels vastly improved, deepening the experience greatly, giving us an intriguing world filled with purely visual storytelling for us to explore and try to unravel the mysteries of, trying to find all the secrets to uncover the small details we may overlook easily.The gameplay is more than typical platforming or simple puzzle solving, each puzzle is interesting and intuitive, and I had only ever gotten stuck once on a puzzle. However, that does not make it too easy whatsoever. Each and every puzzle will leave you with a feeling of a ""Oooh, that was nifty!"" grin and small nodding.The visuals are gorgeous. Very simplistic textures and models but allowing a very beautiful lighting engine (which seems like it must be an additional solution, not Unity's built in lighting) to provide most of the sleek visuals within the world. The usage of beautifully smooth and mindblowing volumetric lighting allows for the world to have simpler visuals and geometry without feeling cartoonish. Art direction overall conveys the atmosphere of the world very nicely, while also being very easy on the eyes.Audio is generally low key, often consisting primarily of tracks for the atmosphere and fairly minimal other sounds, also contributing to the strongly immersive atmosphere here.Storytelling in Inside is purely visual, and is intriguing throughout, leaving a sense of wonder and mystery amongst this hostile world, but without having to simply make everything extremely gritty. Despite the simplistic feeling method of telling the story, there is absolutely a lot for you to uncover here.Inside is built with the Unity engine, and while this typically is a sign of inevitably poor performance, Inside runs very smoothly throughout the whole experience, being a very nice exception to Unity's unfortunate reputation.The game itself is relatively short, probably lasting around 5-7 hours. There may be replay value for you, depending on if you would like to personally relive the experience to uncover more details yourself, or if you would rather simplpy see videos on what you missed.Verdict: Wait for price drop/sale (recommended value: $15)"
76561197997730014,Recommended,304430,30937539,Posted: 4 April,all,Tabasco.ace,"Man, what a game! Couldn't believe the ending was the ending. See all those other positive reviews? Yeah, just buy the game. Guaranteed you won't regret it."
,Recommended,304430,30935310,Posted: 3 April,all,galleom,It is ridiculous how good this game is. It is the perfect manifestation of those nightmares you have where you keep running away as far as possible to safety but the end is nowhere in sight. I am thoroughly emotionally exhausted. 11/10 please for the love of god keep making games.
,Recommended,304430,28418350,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hλ3,Dude
,Recommended,304430,24264408,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Young Gunshot,"Skin-crawingly creepy atmosphere and plot, if you liked the devs previous work LIMBO you will like this. The puzzles are a little bit easier though."
76561198306756425,Recommended,304430,28419226,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,tachy1,A true successor to Limbo
76561198057004505,Recommended,304430,28429057,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Quadraxis77,I have no mouth and I must scream. 10/10 Would have no mouth and need to scream again.(Harian Ellison reference)
,Recommended,304430,32494705,Posted: 16 June,all,ヨナタン,"I was hoping for concrete answers but the game gives none. It's all open to interpretation. BUT STILL, this is great, simple and bizzare puzzle game and  a piece of art. I was blown by the smooth and contextual animations, specially from THAT part and on (play it and you'll understand)."
,Recommended,304430,32346462,Posted: 11 June,all,Santelfon,"A must have game,amazing atmosphere, great puzzles."
,Recommended,304430,27601182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,「 L 」,Would recommend picking this game up while it's on sale. 10/10
,Recommended,304430,27549502,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SodliC,IS BEST GAME 10/10 PL ALL PLAYERS RATE THIS GAME IS AWESOME  THANK YOU PLAYDEAD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197965833510,Recommended,304430,24212641,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dudinkalv,"An immersive, atmospheric, beautiful game. The spiritual sequel to Limbo. A lovely game, but it's extremely short. 3 hours of gameplay is not nearly enough to validify the price of 20 Euros. Worth playing, but I'd wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,304430,28462919,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,El Kabong,"I highly recommend INSIDE by the talented group at Playdead. So simple an idea done so well. Atmosphere, intrigue, beautiful soundtrack music and sound design. It has great puzzles. Layers and layers of puzzles and easter eggs. They go real deep and there's a community that's going along with them. I also really like the style of art and animation too.  Kind of a fab fifties goes creepy futuristic.The game designers also do things that game designers aren't supposed to do in a game by breaking their own rules. But it's done in such a way that it works. INSIDE is a real step above similar games. I also purchased LIMBO to see what they didi before INSIDE. I can't wait for whatever they do next."
,Recommended,304430,28463670,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hundiseadus,"Intense, dark and atmospheric. Recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,28403426,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Skymorph,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,304430,24185237,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kingbird,"Brilliantly executed and dripping in atmosphere, Inside is the ultimate successor to Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24192159,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,B A F F O M A R I A C H I ®,explain the game in simple steps:runjumpswimrunswimjumprunswimWHAT THE HELL!!runjumpswim
,Recommended,304430,24194496,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Auteezy,What. The. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,304430,24211710,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Croy,"If puzzle platformers are your thing, it doesn't get much better than this. If they aren't your thing, you should play this anyway you sad sack."
76561198006309807,Recommended,304430,24224662,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Skelos,amazing game nuff said.
,Recommended,304430,24226771,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Footbeard,"There actually aren't words for the stylised perfection that this game is. 10/10 am playing again.If you're looking for a sign, this is it.Good luck"
76561197982437091,Recommended,304430,24227607,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ducki,"This is an impressive and long-awaited game from the developers of Limbo. Beginning as a kid in the woods, the game immediately immerses you in a dark, disturbing world; each scene is aesthically stunning and the dark atmosphere is enhanced by score that delivers tension at the appropriate time. As you unravel the mystery of the world, the game strikes a balance between fast-paced, anxious survival and patient problem-solving. Death is often unexpected, though not gory; and you quickly learn from your fatal mistakes. Given that you can finish it in 4-5 hours, this is the type of game that you should play in one or two sittings, and let it take you away in what can be an existential experience."
76561198019327123,Recommended,304430,24263669,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ヤキsawyer,This game is deeper than the bottom of a Pringles can.
,Recommended,304430,24205359,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ducce,Should be modded so children can be killed.
76561198060128943,Recommended,304430,26094080,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Lost Pup,"If you are looking at reviews to consider buying this, stop looking and buy this and I say this not this game. This is a game yes however, this is a work of art, a masterpeice of thought and emotion with in my eyes unparalleled levels of beauty in how it plays, the sound design of the game, the art style of the game and the way it presents its self to you as a player and the thought that it enspires.The visuals of this game are stunning to the point where i'm playing and there will be a moment where i'm jaw dropped and the only thing i can say or think is wow, this combines with the best sound design i have ever heard in a game, everything about it works and works perfectly in unison to give you an experance you can't forget.Stop reading, buy this and have an experance you wont forget even if you don't like puzzle games or platformers i don't and I loved this."
,Recommended,304430,26741467,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,The Weather Man,I would gladly pay another $20 if I could have this erased from my memory to play it again
76561197972261563,Recommended,304430,28546211,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Daskaren,"Inside is a masterpiece! Play it, love it, share it with everyone you know! This game deserves to reach as many people as possible!"
,Recommended,304430,28715801,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Killer_Byte,"Gameplay, story, artstyle 8.5/10Storyline at the end had me confused as F#@! XD but worth buying for gameplay and art"
76561197990040597,Recommended,304430,25896334,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,NPI_Kdubbs,"Inside has refreshingly fun puzzles, fantastic dark but vivid atmosphere, and gives you juuuuust enough story hook to keep you guessing. I was constantly thinking, ""I wonder what that means"", or ""what is going on here?"" . This game is one of the VERY FEW that I can confidently say has kept a smile on my face the entire time."
,Recommended,304430,29706583,Posted: 4 February,all,dOri,Incredible game.
,Recommended,304430,29178991,Posted: 11 January,all,nothing,I've beaten this game twice. Once for the initial storyline and then a second time to collect achievements and find the alternate ending. I've convinced two of my friends to play this who both loved it also. All I can say is it is extremely worth playing and enjoying the story. It's the type of game that you want to know as little about before you dive into it. If you enjoyed LIMBO at all this is a great investment. I liked LIMBO a lot but this is one of the best games I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,304430,29185119,Posted: 11 January,all,TheMegaSmashGamer,if you loved limbo you will love Inside. (If you have not played limbo i can definitely recommend that aswell).A game with no speech and no tutorial to help you. Just the sounds of your surrounding and you brain to help you along.replayable without a doubt just to unplug all the machines and experience the secret ending.
,Recommended,304430,32944553,Posted: 28 June,all,fumap,"Inside is an amazing little game in a sea of boredom. It's quick, easy and probably a little too short. It tells you more than any other game, without using a single word. It ends almost abruptly, in a way no-one can expect. If you played Limbo and liked it, get Inside right now. If you don't like indie games, still get it. I'm not sure what the developer were thinking but I'm glad they did. A masterpiece."
76561198017323812,Recommended,304430,32786526,Posted: 25 June,all,Mitts,"I almost passed up on this game - LIMBO was a little too straighforward and simple, despite the atmospheric storytelling.INSIDE is a fantastic successor in every way. It has the same moody and unsettling visual style, but the storytelling and gameplay don't feel quite as straightforward. The puzzles are a little more challenging but there's also an added layer of intrigue and tension in the game.I just really enjoyed this game."
76561197966911387,Recommended,304430,32862105,Posted: 27 June,all,Martin Norrman,WAOW!
76561198074610385,Recommended,304430,32961127,Posted: 28 June,all,Douglasssss,"The art style of this game is beautiful, yet still gives you a feeling of anxiety as you traverse a city while seemingly always under threat of death.  At the start of the game I was expecting it to be very linear, but was very impressed by the depth in the ""2.5D"" landscape.  The secrets were also not as obvious as I was expecting and very well hidden throughout the game.The gameplay is very similar to Limbo, but with a more immersive background and wittier puzzles.  Not very long or difficult, but very enjoyable, especially for fans of Limbo and other bizarre and creepy Indie platformers."
,Recommended,304430,29731493,Posted: 5 February,all,BeaQueen93,I love whoever designed this game. Genius.
,Recommended,304430,27607299,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FalseStream,Loved every minute of it. Would have finished it in a single sitting if life hadn't pulled me away. A GREAT folluwup to Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,32379352,Posted: 12 June,all,"Nanomachines, son.",I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I just played but I liked it.
76561198001027551,Recommended,304430,29263717,Posted: 14 January,all,Prankster,Fun game.  Weird ending.  Creepy sound effects and creative interaction with linear environment.
,Recommended,304430,32967944,Posted: 28 June,all,Mistercowman,"Oh my god, one my favorite games of all times, the art style is fenominal, the story is intriguing and keeps you on your toes  , although the main protagonist doesn't speak, the story is still visually explained exelently"
,Recommended,304430,24180469,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kodylex,"Another beautiful and disturbing masterpiece by Playdead (developer & publisher).The artwork, level design, character design, plot are phenomenal. I personally think that the suspenseful music creates a dark and scary environement, which fits the overall plot.Definitely recommended to any fans of horror, 2d, puzzle games (similar to LIMBO)."
,Recommended,304430,24170508,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,the corn god,"One of the best games i've played this year, I got mind ♥♥♥♥ed so hard."
,Recommended,304430,24208565,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Graider81,Lots of cute chicks10/10 would  blow again
76561197968402984,Recommended,304430,28354127,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jones,Awesome ending! Great game!
,Recommended,304430,28093520,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,amber_titan,"after limbo, i was looking forward to this and it didnt disappoint me at all! fun game and the dark vibe was so good."
,Recommended,304430,27297886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,suNtouch-,"Atmospheric and captivating, a ""better"" version of Limbo."
76561198080956296,Recommended,304430,28851720,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,------,"It was so fascinating and I could not stop playing each time I started. Everything in this game was intriguing. The subtle bitter taste and my desire to found out the story behind made me finishing this game too fast. It was the only tiny piece of disappointment.Great great game! Design,Visual, Game play, it reminds me a lot of little creative games back in DOS era.I look forward to next one yet I recommend keep pushing the design to a new level."
76561198119569856,Recommended,304430,28957113,Posted: 2 January,all,RT_Sender,"I love how you have to find out everything on your own,It looks amazing and it still gets your heart racing even though it's only ""2D""."
76561197968896982,Recommended,304430,24377708,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,2M1C,"Right right right, up up up, right, left left left, up up, right, left"
,Recommended,304430,24318954,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,durkhaz,"An outstanding game. Most polished game I've played in years. Amazing visuals, sound design and atmosphere.Definitely give it a try if you can stomach the very dark setting."
,Recommended,304430,24264640,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Grimbo,What in the actual ♥♥♥♥ did I just play? 10/10 if you have the extra money it's worth buying full price if only so you don't have to wait for a sale to play it.
76561198071243270,Recommended,304430,24224045,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheUnnamedStranger,"I don't normally enjoy the kind of ultra-artsy games that usually pour out of the indie market.Gone Homewas passable, everything else I loathed. But Playdead's newest outing into this somewhat stale market subverted my expectations greatly, though I shouldn't really be surprised coming from the people who brought usLimbo, a personal favorite of mine about a small boy entering a terrifying world and dying in grizzly ways (I have it on the Xbox so don't rip on me for not having it in my library).With the doubtlessly large amounts of money Playdead has horded from Limbo and any other games they may have created, they've graduated into the 2.5D realm withINSIDE, a personal favorite of mine about a small boy entering a terrifying world and dying in grizzly ways. Do you see a pattern yet?Anyway, it's absolutely great. I can't really say much without spoiling anything so I'm just gonna say that it's great and you should buy it, especially if you enjoyed Limbo.I have one very large complaint about a bug involving fullscreen mode, because when I have the game in fullscreen the spotlights you're supposed to sneak past don't cast a shadow on the items you need to hide under in order to avoid them, making it VERY hard to avoid them unless I go to windowed mode.Though in the grand scheme of things it's a small blemish on the wonderful face of this amazing, dark, twisted, haunting title. And the ending is also the most beautiful display of ruthless destruction and revenge I've yet played.Go buy it."
,Recommended,304430,28685777,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Foxtra,"Amazing, if you enjoyed Limbo this game is an amazing addition to your library.I don't want to spoil anything but I guarantee it's worth it's price tag.Thanks for another perfect game Playdead."
,Recommended,304430,28531250,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cara,"W.T.F.I have no idea what just happened, but this game is amazing. The animation is beautiful, the puzzles are fun, and the story is intentionally vague leaving the user to connect the pieces in their own way.Looking forward to my second play through."
,Recommended,304430,26683506,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nEEBLE,This game is head and shoulders above others I have played of its kind. Super creepy and keeps you on edge. I loved Limbo but this one is an adventure.
,Recommended,304430,29491682,Posted: 25 January,all,Omniprez,"This game is absolutly outstanding. I went into this game not compleaty sure i was going to play, but in the end the story it tells is great, and the gameplay is phonominal. I wish there where more games like these out there."
,Recommended,304430,28168065,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Rev. Y. P. Plant,"I played LIMBO first, and man did they pull a one-upper. Not a challenging game, but the things the games does will make you literally say 'What the f***!?!?' over and over again. You really never know what's through the next door... It is short so maybe not worth the full price, but if there's any kind of sale, this game will not let you down."
76561197971137098,Recommended,304430,26582781,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Apoludo,"I got some AnotherWorld , Half Life2 and Akira feeling playing this game. Excellent gameplay.  A bit short for the buck but wow you dont see this quality very often !"
,Recommended,304430,27077541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,the1ben,This was such a completely unexpected experience and I love that it was designed to be finished.
,Recommended,304430,28710331,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,filmore | item.tf,A must-play.
,Recommended,304430,28149052,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Crazyfrod1,I have no Idea what I did.
76561198052187869,Recommended,304430,28263812,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Pioxs,This game ♥♥♥♥ed my mind. Sure its only a short little game but it quite an impact. 10/10 would play again just to take my time and see all the things i missed.
,Recommended,304430,28815515,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,wolffenstein,This has some of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen in a video game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,304430,27087098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cyruz,One of the most atmospheric games I've ever played. Things like the in-game music and the character animations (the smoothest I've ever seen) pull you into the world of INSIDE if you let them and won't let go until you find the end. The real end.INSIDE is a very strong argument that video games are art.
76561198053807143,Recommended,304430,28628750,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zac,"Inside is a brilliant little gem that succeedes and improves upon Limbo in every aspect. It is a 2D puzzle-platformer sidescroller that tells it's story through small events in a seamless world, and much of that story is up for interpretation (which is a credit to the game in my opinion).The art direction is pleasing and evocative of a somber, mysterious, awe-inspiring, and brooding atmosphere. The puzzles are intuitive and don't impede upon the players progress too much but offer a good balance of challenge and the small feeling of reward for solving them before getting to see the next beautiful area.The addition of sci-fi horror themes and a dystopian setting really add to the impact of the game as a fully engaging experience, and the ending sequence is bizarre, oddly satisfying, and entirely memorable, though some (including me) may find that it ends a bit too abruptly (though that is clearly what the developers were aiming for, it's just a personal annoyance).Maybe too short for the price-tag (about 3 hours), but damn if it isn't a solid, polished game that you should try experiencing, even if you must wait for a sale."
76561198026775451,Recommended,304430,28670645,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mathew,"This game is an immerse experience. the gameplay is flawless, the whole mix of graphics,music,atmosphere, puzzles, storyline is so good - even the saves are done so good that you dont get frustrated in event your char dies.. For utilizing just 5 keyboard keys,  this is a freaking masterpiece. i can only recommend to all - buy and play, this game does deliver."
76561198105224632,Recommended,304430,29523935,Posted: 27 January,all,Shadi,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013229290,Recommended,304430,29048536,Posted: 5 January,all,Fabutan,"This game started out intriguing and ended up blowing me away, was a short playthough, finished in 3 hours with some friends and was ABSOLUTELY worth the price of admission.Biggest highlight would be the incredibly smooth animations.Check it out!"
,Recommended,304430,28906448,Posted: 1 January,all,PureFail,Inside is like a sci-fi movie that leaves you with many questions yet you still want more.Amazing story and fun puzzles.9/10
,Recommended,304430,29450363,Posted: 23 January,all,Andre Frueh,"Amazing! After playing Limbo a while back and hearing that Playdead released another game I instantly bought it! I love that it has a familiar style but with a new story, some color, and in a ""3D"" world. I hear they are working on a space adventure next, I can't wait to play it!"
,Recommended,304430,27584482,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YourAverageUnitologist,what. the. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,304430,28240278,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Own Goal,This is my game of the year.
76561197971338903,Recommended,304430,29008220,Posted: 4 January,all,Hatti,"Very well excecuted and polished semi 3D sidescroller. The dystopian-dark setting is interesting, leaving you wondering what horrible end you might meet around the corner."
76561198080232252,Recommended,304430,26818890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bibouch,Le gameplay est cool mais la fin est bizzard :/
76561198006640506,Recommended,304430,31174266,Posted: 16 April,all,Zentak,Simply one of the best game I've played in years.This game is like the blessed child of the 2 great classics: the anime Akira and the game Another World.Try not to watch too much gameplay videos or it may spoil the story: just like LIMBO you don't know anything about what is going on and you have to figure out the story while progressing.
,Recommended,304430,26889319,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CN47,Simply the best game I've played in this genre.
,Recommended,304430,28125690,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Omega Von Doom,"Inside is a great game. It is probably one of the best games I've played in the longest time.Inside feel like you're playing someone's nightmare; just that sense of unease and total despair in everything around you is something you can't shake throughout the game. And it just keeps choking you harder and harder the more you play into it.The sound design needs a hugenod. It's so subtle and yet it really drives the narrative. Building up to cause tension and making you cautious or settling down to ease you your attention to something. The sound is a character in it self.The animation is great too. From the subtle gestures of both the main character and those around him to the context sensitive animations that are there to make you feel more a part of everything. Everything is brought to life through the most carefully crafted movements.BUT what's so cool about the game is that every thing gameplay wise just feels intuitive. You don't need an explanation. Just by watching the way your character reacts to something you know that you have to hide or run. You see a particular puzzle and it's so piratical that you just know what to do with it. And then the game lets you do it... none of the puzzles feel like they're cheating you.It's like, you don't have to think about the rules and logic of these puzzles through the games made up world. You think tackle them as though you would in real life.Though I hate how the game gets slack with that whole ""hold right"" thing. It's the same way I hate that walking sims are called ""walking sims"" - yes the basic principle is to walk around or ""keep going right"", but a good game goes beyond it's controls. Look at things like the original Mario; All you do is jump on everything... but what you do with that jump is what matters. The same way, with Inside... it's about the places ""holding right"" takes you and the things you will see there.I swear, every frame of this game is just ""screen shot"" worthy. I could talk about this game forever. If you liked Limbo, you are going to love Inside. And if the price tag puts you off, let me just say that some experiences you just can't put a price on. this is one of them."
,Recommended,304430,26801655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Original Name,"A dark, somber, and mysterious adventure, INSIDE gives you lots of thoughts, eye candy, and some of the best sound design in the industry. An absolute must buy- well worth the price."
76561198311417456,Recommended,304430,25406648,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Change Persists,"I am not one to believe the hype.I have played this game just long enough to get the feel , I am so impressed.This game is outstanding.The audio and visual atmospherics are ominus and dream like, filling my experience with a sense of mysterious excitement.The puzzles so far are cleverly designed , the character animations are fluid and flawless, melding with rather curious background animations providing a sense of wonder as the story unfolds.The controls are almost too simple, so no button learning curve.I just had to stop playing (like a kid savouring something delicious saving it for later on) to write probably my first and only review.As a novice gamer I crave something ""NEW"" , this game is a prime example of satisfying novelty.Brilliant... :)"
,Recommended,304430,27135160,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dave,Extremely interesting and moving. Makes you wonder how this game's world came to be. Overall a mysterious and terrifying ride.
,Recommended,304430,26535444,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Henrik,"Amazing game. Well worth the money even though it takes just 2-3 hours to complete.You are completely enthralled by it all from start to finish, and the technology used did awe me quite a bit and sparked some conversations with coworkers at work the day after.The letdown for me is the ending. I just can't call it an ending at all really. You still expect something else to happen but it just doesn't and the credits start rolling.I was hoping the secret ending would give some of that satisfaction. It was amusing, but same as the normal ending that It didn't leave me feeling satisfied at all.Was so close to being the most memorable game I have ever played though it will now be remembered as ""Amazing! But that ending though..."""
76561198016189652,Recommended,304430,28167471,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pro1150c,"I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT JUST HAPPEN, 9/10 just because now i have to search in google what just happen. 3hrs game"
,Recommended,304430,26512438,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,magnoguido,"Deeply atmospheric, highly engaging for something that seems to be so simple. Many moments of absolute suspense and  delightful creepiness. The kind of subtle mind-f**k to satisfy even the deepest of itches."
,Recommended,304430,28875011,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ShuhDonk,"Great game, enjoyed it very much.  Took about 3 to 4 hours to complete, worth it if you can get it for around 10 dollars in my opinion."
76561197966781603,Recommended,304430,29515615,Posted: 26 January,all,PopeInnocent,"Eerie, creepy, and a glimpse into Trumps America. Good game."
76561197977376242,Recommended,304430,29258507,Posted: 14 January,all,ZERO,"If you haven't played Inside yet, you should.Let me preface by saying that if you liked Limbo, you will love this.  If you didn't like Limbo, it doesn't mean you won't like this.  I wasn't a huge fan of Limbo.  The black and white visuals, although well done, were visually bland looking for me after a while.  Additionally I thought the gameplay had several low moments where I was just trudging through hoping the next puzzle or boss was a lot more interesting.Inside is different.  The visuals are gorgeous, it is jam packed with content, never feels repetitive, and offers a surpisingly large variety in gameplay.It has to be one, if not the most, polished games I've ever played.  The environment has an unparalleled level of detail.  Unlike Limbo, which was just black and white, it has a larger color palette and looks absolutely gorgeous. Also like Limbo, and the Witness, it provides little to no direction or written narrative.  Everything you do is through exploration and discovery.  There were moments of evasion where I was simply reacting and only afterwards did I realize how perfectly timed the moment was, or wondered what would have happened if I had failed.  It's a unique feeling I don't remember having in a lot of games.Nothing I write will really do the game justice without including spoilers.  The gameplay really forks off in directions you won't expect and was fun from beginning to end for me (roughly 4 hours).  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,27096034,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jamired,"If you enjoy holding a stick to the right for long periods of time and occasionally pressing A button, this game is for you! 10/10 would get shot by a spotlight with a slinky again."
,Recommended,304430,31201204,Posted: 17 April,all,monkkey | TYA,I absolutely love the art style in this game :P
,Recommended,304430,30260482,Posted: 1 March,all,etf,This is a game you really should buy!!!BUT if you are thinking about buying it you might want to buy it at a discount or something. this is because the game is not really that long.
,Recommended,304430,31198606,Posted: 17 April,all,draoncc,"One of the most disturbing and terrifying games I have played in a long time. Insane attention to detail, level design and sound design lead to a deeply atmospheric and immersive experience that had me stressed, scared and sickened, but ever so curious to find more clues as to what is going on."
,Recommended,304430,30249864,Posted: 28 February,all,felixader,"I very much have no words for it that wouldn't betray the games experience.Take the Plunge, it's worth it."
,Recommended,304430,26323522,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ostapblender,Really scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ Although amazingly beautiful and atmospheric.
,Recommended,304430,25496262,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,StiG,Limbo is good.Inside is the Best.10/10
,Recommended,304430,24353209,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WolfRam,"Very good game, fantastic atmosphere and visuals.- An impressive Unity-engine game? :D- Played with a Xbox Controller, feels like the game was made for it.- Varied good puzzles throughout the game.Comment on the ending(no spoilers):Not as satisfying as the rest of the game.- I have read that when you collect all the orbs you get a secret ending.If you are interested, play it before getting spoiled. There are a few ""Holy Fekk"" moments you dont wanna miss out on."
,Recommended,304430,24460046,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,T3ʜL00Fàʜ!,Fantastically creepy!
,Recommended,304430,24239595,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jettadura,Got chased by a dog and felt 2 drops of♥♥♥♥♥♥come out. 10/10
76561198047007145,Recommended,304430,24239737,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ChaosLegion,I used to be a dog person. I used to.
,Recommended,304430,28350183,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Chris Carter,just.in.credible. Get this piece of art right NOW!
,Recommended,304430,25090662,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[k0y] doldher,"Carefully detailed 3d world presented in 2dGameplayThe game has a lot of secrets. The biggest secret is the story. Try to understand it and take your time! People writing reviews like ""I finished it after 4hrs, boring story"". Whew.There's a lot to this game when it comes to artistic meaning.It says quite a few things without saying anything at all.It's a dark, weird, twisted and wonderful bit of indie game art with a great storytelling.Sometimes scary and at all times clever and interesting. INSIDE was just fun and beautiful in general. It's a little phenomenal masterpiece. Highly recommended.21:9 struggle*Playdead's technical support claimed that making the game run at 21:9 was not possible without recreating all the artwork for the game, which seemed odd. A dev said ""The game is very carefully framed/choreographed and because of this, we won't have a 21:9 option in the settings."", which is bs. This also doesn't break the game as people said, quite the contrary!Download a Hex editor:http://download.nextsoft.de/hexedit.zipOpen the Inside.exe in the editor(\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\INSIDE)Search(Strg F)for for398EE33FReplace all 4 tokens with 26B41740 (2560x1080) or 8EE31840 (3440x1440)Save changes and launch the game with SteamunderSettings/Graphics/Resolution, re-apply the maximum (native) resolution to update the aspect ratio once and for all.*fixed"
,Recommended,304430,31381501,Posted: 26 April,all,CAGS,"When is finished this game, it was just, wow..... what a game.Never seen anything like this.So original, pure art.Everything from the artstyle, to the animations, to the ambient sounds are perfekt.Nothing is explained, it is a game to be interpreted by the player.I would buy this even if the price were 30 euro and higher."
,Recommended,304430,31363463,Posted: 25 April,all,Nathan Graves,"Modern game, with modern storytelling but with a classic 2D plataformer gameplay feel.No dialogue, no cutscenes, no loading between levels, no immersion breaking.Don't get it for the gameplay itself though, it's simple with some puzzles and challenges here and there, but nothing groundbreaking.The story is vague and open to interpration, like most good ""artsy"" video game do instead of ham handing the story while shoving pieces of paper in front of your face while screaming ""Feel sad for your LESBIAN SISTER, now go to the pantry and look at the cereal box to unlock another dialogue about your LESBIAN SISTER"" (I'm looking at you Gone Home)."
76561198262029742,Recommended,304430,31446966,Posted: 29 April,all,Special Agent Quinoa Flakes,stay inside kids
,Recommended,304430,31455355,Posted: 29 April,all,coldenamel,"Though superficially similar to LIMBO, INSIDE is a more refined and (in some ways) creepier game. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,304430,31184542,Posted: 16 April,all,Blackburn,Amazing game. Fluid physics. Creative gameplay. Stunning yet simple graphics. A must-buy sepcially if you enjoyed Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,24324189,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Stardog_0ne,"A work of art!The best platformer I've played since Limbo.Games like this inspire me as a creative person.I love stories and themes in this style.HOWEVER:The ending was so abrupt that I kept on trying to regain control of the character, but then the credits appeared and I was left disappointed, but I got the message of the story and I ejoyed the above mentioned pros. The 3hr length of INSIDE is something I'm comfortable with, because It is about the same length as a feature film and this game is like a movie.I'll be playing this again so that I can unlock all of the achievements, and admire the detail once more."
76561197970472347,Recommended,304430,24323853,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Robert,"Just buy it. GOTY 2016. Aesthetically pleasing in a way I've never seen before in a game, it really is interactive art.Wonderfully mysterious and butt clenching atmosphere.In short it looks amazing, sounds great, plays intuitively and intrigues story wise.From the moment you start playing you'll want to know what's going on, what's going to happen and how it's going to end.It's not a long game but in this case less is more.It's all I've ever wanted in a game and I just can't get it out of my mind.I guess this is what love feels like.Thank you Playdead, please make more."
76561198205353384,Recommended,304430,28984266,Posted: 3 January,all,Lievelien,Awesome!
76561198232021012,Recommended,304430,29078658,Posted: 6 January,all,e_dizzle,"An overall awesome game!  Realistic eerie atmosphere, fun and challenging puzzles, and interesting story progression, if you could call it that. Well worth the twenty bucks in my opinion. Buy eet."
,Recommended,304430,24308114,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lemon,"great game, but wait till it gets cheaper to buy it"
,Recommended,304430,26881812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,borc,"If you liked LIMBO, or you like dead pigs, I would say check this game out."
,Recommended,304430,27096496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wanderer,"A beautiful, artistic gaming experience. On the downside, it ends quickly - this is a short game."
76561197999696702,Recommended,304430,29155499,Posted: 9 January,all,|TL|ProfesorMurder,"Play this. ASAP.  Gift it to your friends, buy it for strangers, just get it into the hands of as many people as possible. 2016 was a terrible year, but INSIDE helps.."
,Recommended,304430,28836921,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mr. Wapojif,"Like with most gamers, I've been stunned by how overwhelming this experience is. It's sensational stuff - even though it's, essentially, set on a linear 2D path, Playdead has made an absolute, spine chilling masterpiece. It's best to head in knowing very little, but the relentless, impending sense of doom just builds and builds towards an unforgettable climax. For me, definitely the best game of 2016 in a year where AAA blockbusters have largely been hugely disappointing. Once more, indie games such as INSIDE show the true, sublime, artistic value of video games."
,Recommended,304430,27355415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bob,"I'm not even sure how to interpret this game. Feels like some end of the world stuff. Surprisingly satisfying platforming/puzzles for having such simplistic controls. Short game but worth.  Like most platformers, recommend using a controller. 8.5/10"
76561197961161199,Recommended,304430,29888723,Posted: 12 February,all,Rick Dangerous,"Wow, this is truly a well made game.It's kind of a clichè now days when people say:They don't make'em like they used to. Well, here, it could not be further from the truth. Playing this game constantly brought me back to the days i played ""Another World"" on Amiga 1200. ""Another World"" was a game that took a new approach, and was a stylish platformer with a great story. It was a huge hit when it released. Today remakes has been made for PC, Android, iOS and so on.Anyways. This game feels like going back to those days, rarely have i played a game so simple, yet delivers so much. It is a blueprint of fine game design. The graphics, atmosphere, story, sound effects, voices. All of it, is carefully designed and executed.It's not a particularly difficult game, it has puzzles, but none of which gave me any kind of a challenge really. This did not feel like a big problem though, as it is the atmosphere and the sense of ""what comes next"", that really got me exited. These game designers have a vivid imagination, that's for sure. They might have some seriously weird nightmares these guys, and thank god for that. There is basically not a chance i could guess what came next as i played along, it surprised me all the way, and the ending is just hillarious and fantastic.INSIDE has a dark and scary atmosphere, it gave me the shivers from time to time. It's not cheap jumpscare kind of scary, it's the well designed characters and a well designed story that nails it, and that is a major relief, it just makes the experience so much better.I have seen some people complain that this game is not worth it's pricetag because it delivers ""only"" around 4 hours of gameplay. I don't agree. I remember i completed ""Modern Warfare 2"" in 4 hours, and that game cost me 3 times a much, and many people buy the COD games just to play singleplayer. So there is that.No, this game is a rare gem, and a game i highly recommend. They just take what was so good about some of the best games of the late 80's and early 90's and totally renews it so it feels fresh for the next generation, and without removing much of the old. What a company this is, and now i can't wait for their next games.A MUST BUY"
,Recommended,304430,29503365,Posted: 26 January,all,Threepw00d,"Another superb creation from Playdead. I really can't fault INSIDE in any way. Excellent story with relatively simple but very satisfying puzzles and problems to solve, beautifully presented in a somewhat minimalistic style which just adds to the weird and wonderful atmosphere. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,28947840,Posted: 2 January,all,fatherboxx,MEAT / 10
,Recommended,304430,32285752,Posted: 9 June,all,oposdeo,"The clever environmental puzzles please the mind, the incredibly detailed environment, art and story amaze the imagination and the senses, and the constant threat of danger around every corner is both engaging and incredibly rewarding when you avoid it on the first try, while not too punishing if you don't. This game is short, but every second is fun, thought provoking and memorable. If you've played limbo and thought it was a masterpiece of art and game design, this game surpasses it in all regards. Play it!"
,Recommended,304430,32282221,Posted: 8 June,all,Fello,Amazing game experience for me. I've never played anything like that. 10/10 masterpiece
,Recommended,304430,24200079,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,exmachina64,INSIDE is a true masterpiece and I exhort you to play this game.
,Recommended,304430,24208725,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,IzzyBlues,"Following in LIMBO's footsteps, Playdead's INSIDE delivers, and more. Through it's brilliant sound design, artistic setting and subtle yet thought invoking story, this game makes the player question life itself through it's beautiful and yet terrifying moments that keep you on edge.6 years of development for a 3 hour game shows well and truly. I'm glad I paid full price for this game, and I feel honored to have been able to experience this work of art.Thank you Martin Stig Anderson."
76561198140928830,Recommended,304430,32285297,Posted: 9 June,all,Juzzyfuzzy,I only wish it was longer. Great game
,Recommended,304430,32324329,Posted: 10 June,all,Swift.Descent,"Beautiful and terrifying. I would get chills, sweat and feel the adrenaline pump at times.The story is crazy twisted too, mind blowing.Definetly recommend for those who like games that are somewhat mechanically simple, but provide an amazing experience nonetheless."
,Recommended,304430,24344157,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,PARANOIDANDROID,"If you think a 2 hour game justifies the 15 pound price point then sure its the best game ever. It improves upon almost every aspect besides the short length and puzzles when compared to Limbo. Atmosphere alone warrants a playthrough.I'd say its great, if you can grab it at half its price during sale."
76561197960452100,Recommended,304430,24343971,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ken77779,"Many games turn out to be merely meh to me these days, but INSIDE really blew me away. The puzzles are seamlessly built out of a uniquely bleak and macabre world. The art is top notch, with beautiful environments that completely immerse you. This game is one-of-a-kind. Don't wait for it to go on sale if you can afford it, because it's worth full price."
76561197981900687,Recommended,304430,32289765,Posted: 9 June,all,ZBH,That game its piece of art. One of the best titles for me for long long time. You'll be gone for hours. (5 hours in my case :))
,Recommended,304430,32303835,Posted: 9 June,all,allahu akbar！,"what`s inside the factory,what`s inside the boy.and what`s inside us, the human beings?we are born with sin, and made of greed.there is no fear, no shame, no restriction, when we become demon, regarding us the god of everything.so they divide human by the glass: the live body inside, and great player outside.fortunatelly, we are outside the screen,the inferiors work without mind, they can be controlled by the helmetthey are products, nothing is inside their brain; the outsiders are elites, while the greed, the demon is full of their mind,the boy, the meatball want freedom, but the scientists just want efficiency.we are human just because we have humanity which may restrict and improve us, and without that, we are just animals.May everything won`t be like the world in this game."
76561198031044040,Recommended,304430,32317171,Posted: 10 June,all,H.P.Lovecraft,I can't find a single thing wrong with it. As a third year animation student I hope to one day work on a project just like this.
,Recommended,304430,32323860,Posted: 10 June,all,Defect,A short game with great depth. If you enjoyed LIMBO then you will love this one. A silent tale that lets you interperet the story as you solve puzzles in an incredibly immersive environment.
,Recommended,304430,29366663,Posted: 19 January,all,Migue,"If you like a relaxing challenge, this is your game. In addition this game has an interesting story with a lot of theories."
76561198043856500,Recommended,304430,28803959,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,benybenator,"I don't normally review games, but this one made me WANT to write one simply because more people need to play it.As others have said, this is a game that simply needs to be experienced.From the beggining to the end, it is an  amazing art piece. You are thrown into it without a single  menu which really contributes to the immersive experience. Not a single word is uttered as it would take away from the story that the visuals and soundscape tells it so brilliantly (do yourself a favor and play this with a decent parir of headphones)The Graphics are dark yet well detailed.The puzzles start simpy but continue to increase in difficulty without becoming repetitive or incredibly tough.The sounds are atmospheric and totaly blend into the world and story.I wish I could say more about it, but I wouldn't want to take away from your own experience."
,Recommended,304430,30969335,Posted: 5 April,all,baczek,"Limbo's story at least made sense, but it doesn't matter. Great animiations and art style."
,Recommended,304430,31745707,Posted: 14 May,all,Kitch.sb,"Anyone complaining this is too short for $20 doesn't appreciate the amount of craftsmanship needed to make a product like this.This game is so beautifully designed, and the environments and animations are incredible. So simple and effective, with clever narrative and theming. Found it really thought provoking and love that it doesn't hold your hand at all - the game lets you come to your own conclusions."
76561198184922343,Recommended,304430,24309732,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,xXM3rkM3nXx [Delta-4],"Pros:-extremely visually aesthetic throughout the entire game-amazing sound design-fair puzzles-great platformingCons:-way to overpriced ($20 as of writing this review) for such a short game like this, wait until it goes on sale-you can beat it in one seating (for me it took about 3 hours with a short break halfway through)Overall Rating:- 8.5/10"
76561197972258172,Recommended,304430,31845605,Posted: 19 May,all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"'Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the centre of a dark project'.This brief byline is all the introduction you get into the world of INSIDE on the Steam store page, and for the most part, it's all the insight you will ever likely be directly handed by the game. Much like its predecessor 'Limbo', Inside is a fantastic side-scrolling puzzle-platformer, but, unlike Limbo, to discuss even the existence of a narrative is to spoil the experience, so this might be a short review because my criticisms of the game itself are few and far between.For those who've been lucky enough to indulge Playdead's breakout title, Inside is Limbo Mach 2, taking all the best parts of the side-scroller and building on much of it to create something similar but advanced in many ways. The basic formula is the same: a boy is thrust without explanation into a dark and moody world, pursued by aggressive but unknown forces, and the player is encouraged to navigate the various puzzles and terrifying threats, moving ever-onwards left to right. To what end? Who knows? To discovery, to revelation, to resolution, to death - these are all possible outcomes, but as in a great mystery novel, the lead character is compelled to continue his journey into the unknown, and so are we compelled to see it through with him without knowing quite what we are fleeing from or where we are going.Inside is a textbook example of mastery in simplicity; it doesn't try to give you the world, but the excellence with which Inside executes its aims leaves it a memorable experience and a cut above the rest. It's gorgeously animated and runs like a dream due to its simple but atmosphere-heavy visual style. The controls include four keys for movement and one to grab, and this minimalist scheme ensures that your senses are free to take in all that the game presents to your eyes and ears.Which, speaking of sound design, is excellent and is impeccably visual and auditory story-telling. You'l learn about the world in the brief glimpses you see in the background, and you'll hear impending events before you see them, so in a world that is often desolate in terms of its soundscapes, the curiosity, fear, dread, and wonder that these moments inspire are some of the most powerful emotional instants in the game.The puzzles are often intuitive and rarely frustrating, but the thing that sets Inside apart is the way the puzzles incorporate the player’s instinctual inclinations into their structure. You’ll have lightbulb moments in which you think ‘of course’ and realise that the only reason you hadn’t figured it out sooner is because you talked yourself out of doing something that you would have otherwise done in the real world because you assumed that Inside operates by the standard arbitrary boundaries of lesser video games. Well, either that, or you forgot or failed to notice a detail right in front of your eyes. So often did I think I'd noticed an off-hand detail placidly sitting out of the way only to find out that the developers had counted on my eyes wandering to that very item or spot and being intrigued enough to interact with it. The mark of a good puzzle game is one that understands the mind of the person it’s testing, and Inside very much falls into this category.But that’s as much as I can really say about the game without talking about the narrative. Half the fun in playing Inside is having the world unfold before you - unravelling the scroll, so to speak - so there's not a lot one can discuss about the material contents of the game without ruining some of the experience, but suffice it to say that Inside is packed with 'wow' moments and the simplicity of the game's visual design belies a world that is hinted at or rarely shown to great effect, as well as a delightfully cathartic, if mind-boggling, final act.There are plenty of reasons why Inside is compelling to play, and why it is much more than it may seem to someone who hasn’t played it yet, but at its heart Inside’s greatest triumph is its visual and auditory storytelling. The developers have once again showcased an uncommon understanding of the player, and in designing the game have created a wonderfully intuitive and engaging experience set in a rich and mysterious world with a thick and ever-present atmosphere. To be fair, I got it at a 40% discount with a coupon because I own Limbo, and £15 is probably a tad steep for a 4-5 hour playthrough, but if you can get it in a bundle or on sale, you have my wholehearted recommendation."
,Recommended,304430,31309075,Posted: 22 April,all,JadedDragos,"This game was a big jump from Limbo. I liked the colore tones of black and white and how red was the only actual color. Great imagination in  making this game, has you looking at parts and thinking ""What happened here?"". I would definatly recommend this game along with Limbo, both are some great plays."
76561197990686403,Recommended,304430,31856965,Posted: 20 May,all,mk53v3n,"Great game. I you liked Limbo, you'll love this game as well!"
,Recommended,304430,30975801,Posted: 6 April,all,Sheldoreo,"Hauntingly good and a vast improvement on the also-excellent LIMBO.  The physics are well-tuned, the atmosphere is beautiful - I mean seriously good - and there is a genuine sense of achievement on completion."
76561198085888138,Recommended,304430,24244764,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Styrel,Those Danish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s really know how to mind ♥♥♥♥ you in the most amazing way. 10/10
76561197987253515,Recommended,304430,31010902,Posted: 7 April,all,Gigamosh,Not only one of the best games I've ever played. One of the best entertainment experiences I've ever had. Short but so sweet. Would recommend to everyone.
76561197970163812,Recommended,304430,28245819,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HolyAssassin,"A gem, a short gem but it encompasses the core excellence of the indie scene."
76561198011024838,Recommended,304430,28136785,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,-csgoroll.com-GrayFox,Game is so atmospheric and original. Lovely experience.
,Recommended,304430,25310218,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lucascantor,"Magnificent and hauntingly beautiful, INSIDE is a flawlessly executed marriage of Portal and Limetown.It's wonderfully paced with just the right ratio of headscratching puzzles to spine-shivering horror, and the climax caught me completely off-guard, in the best way possible. I look forward to re-playing to collect all the achievements."
,Recommended,304430,31191085,Posted: 16 April,all,☢tto,"Alright so i bought this game with the Coupon given to players of LIMBO.I have only seen snippets so far from YouTubers playing the Game and i thought i might give it a Shot.If you are interested in buying the Game: Do it, when it's on Sale. I would've regret paying 20 Bucks for this Game as it's 2h Gametime and non-replayability don't really offer much in the long run. It's a great experience however that I recommend trying out yourself. As said by many, the Puzzles are not Challenging at all. And as someone who plays through most Horror Games without even flinching at Jumpscares I was at times actually terrified. No direct Spoiler here, but beware of the Water.While I'm at the Water-Part, mostly Water Levels tend to be annoying and Game-Slowing, but the Water-Sections in INSIDE actually don't.Overall I would say: Get this Game, when it's on Sale and you like Side-Scrolling Games as well as atmospheric Games that aren't your typical Run of the Mill Storyline."
,Recommended,304430,29561299,Posted: 29 January,all,Sonhiki,A beautifull game with small puzzle´s. You will not spend a lot time with solving the puzzles / not hard to solve them in my opinion. I could play fluid through the game and it was a nice experience. I had multiplie playthroughs in order to  get all achievements. I guess its possible in two playthroughs to complete the whole game. I can recommend this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njqBC-UNdhQ&list=PLlJg48Y17q3EvHsnkxNXLpdH3IwFW2_b3&index=1
,Recommended,304430,26695155,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,OfficerGiles,"Smoked a few bowls before playing this and I felt like I was delving into my own soul, picking apart the flaws of my character and what conciousness really is. Anyways...INSIDE is aesthetic, atmostpheric, deep, and spooky as ♥♥♥♥.11/10 would bang"
,Recommended,304430,30538528,Posted: 16 March,all,Sadam,Awesome!
76561197993446358,Recommended,304430,31450620,Posted: 29 April,all,TheOneTrueD,"Tl;dr:This game is, imo, better than LIMBO, it's ""spiritual"" predecessor. Definitely worth the current €19.99 tag - if it's on sale, and you are into twisted, dark, sidescroller indies, there is NO EXCUSE not to get this game.The long version:From the developers of the known favorite, LIMBO, comes INSIDE; a game that in no way fails to live up to, and even surpass, the amazing experience that has come to be the standard of Playdead's games.I will attempt not to spoil too much of the story and atmosphere in this review, out of fear of taking away the breathtaking shock value it is to experience it for yourself:Pros:Interesting, mind-twisting puzzles.Atmosphere and aesthetic.Graphics + performance (runs really well, even on my trashy laptop. My GTX 970 desktop runs it at 120+ FPS steadily).SECRET AREAS!!!!11!1one!!1!The stories and theories it plants in your head.Less linear, with more backtracking than LIMBO, which I personally found really interesting.Cons:Seems a little shorter than LIMBO, which was even a little short to begin with (I completed the game, minus all the secrets, in ~4 hours).A little easy compared to LIMBO, though it still brought some amazing puzzles to the table.Too many checkpoints imo, which causes the player to not really care too much about dying.In INSIDE, you play as a little red-shirted boy. If you tried LIMBO, it plays much the same in terms of being a very minimalistic 2D side-scroller, with only basic options for control: running, jumping, and occasionally pulling and pushing certain objects of interest.Throughout the game you are presented with various puzzles, challenges and nail-biting calamities, where you must act and think swiftly in order to progress. The varied and diverse environments are therefore a huge plus, as it allows the player to face many different problems.In terms of storytelling, there is absolutely no cards on the table; you are not told why you start out in the forest, or why you must go the way you go. You just do it. Personally, I liked this idea; it encourages the player to make up their own theories and guesses, which, moreso than even LIMBO, twists the mind as the player pushes forward into the progressively more and more ♥♥♥♥ed up environments. Not only is the game dark, it challenges our perception of the reality of the universe in which we are immersed. Without spoiling the story, you just have to take my word for it; if you like dark, twisted games like Amnesia, Outlast, LIMBO, etc. - you will love this game."
76561197964945192,Recommended,304430,34720739,Posted: 3 September,all,4,"Absolutely brilliant. A dark, unique and eerie game with nice graphics and solid gameplay. The story and humor are quite twisted, if you're into more than cookie-cutter stuff ..."
,Recommended,304430,24236896,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,beowulfey,"Amazing game. Similar to Limbo in a lot of respects, but not enough to feel like it's a repeat. None of the puzzles felt too easy, but none of them were frustrating either. Definitely a mastery of game design.It's very short, and some may think the price is a bit steep, but in my mind it is 100% worth it!"
,Recommended,304430,31459739,Posted: 30 April,all,Atrocitus,"First of all, the atmosphere is amazing, ambiance gives you chills.Colors are griddy and it is on point.Gameplay is good enough and game is not hard or too easy.I enjoyed the game but after 3 hours, I was playing a good sequence and then credits started.It is too short for this game actually because that sequence were giving us the important information about background story and now many things became unknown.Hope playdead's next game can be longer than that."
76561198009436690,Recommended,304430,24172099,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ofaas,One of the most beautiful games I ever played. People are complaining about the game taking 3 hours to beat saying it's not worth the price and I agree. It's worth more.
,Recommended,304430,24227912,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,patrickc,"With haunting art direction and sound design, Inside will draw you in to a grand conspiracy so engrossing you will wish it never ends."
,Recommended,304430,24171284,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,luna.starlite,"Fantastic game, but to me, terrible end, both the major end and the secret end.This game is an excellent puzzle-horror experiance, and at least one whole day of fun, assuming you actually work through the puzzles and dont look up guides. The atmosphere is astounding and very, VERY well made. The world absolutely pulls you in, I was loving every minute, and then it just... ended. Seemingly without much ceremony. You're probably supposed to 'interpret it in your own way,' and usually Im all in for that, I almost always LOVE that stuff, but this end just felt empty, like, what? Thats it? Im disappointed because everything leading up to that was so good! Plus I really worked hard on some of those puzzles, so I kinda feel cheated tbh.I still recommend it, and might replay it, because forgetting about the end its glorious, but it did leave a bitter taste in my mouth truly, and I know many others who might be even more upset about it than I am and less willing to forgive.SPOILER ALERT BELOW!!I dont like games where the player character dies seemingly for nothing, which is what this really looked like for me. I expected to do some great good or explain a great mystery but never really had that big eureka moment that this needed and felt like it was building up to. There were some minor moments like that near the end, but nothing to match the build up. It looks like you just... die, suddenly and unexpectedly. Everything up to the exact moment of the end was so good I was definitely expecting better than that, but, maybe its just my personal taste."
,Recommended,304430,28130363,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Movinfusion,"Amazing game, streets ahead of Limbo. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,28133329,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Carnilmof Dovahkiin®,A linear game with infinite ways to interpratate his message.A work of art!10/10
76561197970520745,Recommended,304430,28135337,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,toaaron,"This is the first game I've played through twice, back-to-back, in almost 30 years. And never has there been a higher quality game that left you with more questions than answers. If you want to witness the perfect marriage of games and pure art, just buy this game and prepare to be amazed. If you love atmosphere, this is a game you won't soon forget. Not as a memory, but as a feeling of desolation, while wondering what it all means."
76561197988105623,Recommended,304430,28129896,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,manax,"The game has an amazing atmosphere.  There are few games that really really master it.  It feels like a cross between Halflife 2, with it's dystopian-completely-hopeless feel, and Out of This World with it's gameplay.  The play is fluid, the character & backgrounds are nuanced and subtle.  I haven't finished it yet, but it's sometimes a little humorous, sometimes scary as heck, always moody and gorgeous.  It's not particularly difficult, a few sections I've had to replay a number of times to solve the puzzle, but haven't been stuck yet.  Although there were a couple that took me a little bit to work out the controls (e.g. press and hold down to turn the crank).The music & sound is fantastic and fitting.  The story is slowly revealed and interesting.  The controls are pretty perfect, fluid.  The only very very minor thing with controls: I modified before even playing was remapped ""grab"" and ""jump"" to something a little more normal.There are some action sequences, where stuff is happening and you need to react reasonably quickly, but those are well separated by running through a whole host of interesting locations, or more leisurely puzzles.It can be a bit graphic at times, I was pretty surprised the first few times I perished (I've been strangled, drowned, shot, exploded, crushed, mauled to death by animals...).I can't give this enough thumbs up."
,Recommended,304430,28130334,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,OquirrhLight,VERY fun. VERY challenging. DEFINITELY recommend.
76561198120784490,Recommended,304430,24191153,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ryan The Thinker,GOOD GAME SO COOL YOU SHOULD BUY IT
,Recommended,304430,24191126,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Spritzen,"This game is so well executed; a beautifully dark world with efficient 2d platform controls, not unlike it's predessor Limbo, and a strange and mysterious unfolding story that gives you great WFT moments. It's a must buy for any gamer that either is into 2d platformers, or those that appreciate a thoroughly well designed game."
,Recommended,304430,27616328,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bonhomme,"Still hesitating to buy this game? This game is one of the most 3~5 crafted/polished hours you will ever experienced in your life. Do not be fooled by the ""short duration"" of this game. Give it a try, it will reevaluate your""quality over quantity"" concept."
,Recommended,304430,34851459,Posted: 9 September,all,DedGecko,"A phenomenal tale told using surreal graphics and audio.  It may be a heart-pounding, linear narrative at times, as it is quite creepy, but the pay-off at the end is perfect.  Well done Playdead Studios!"
76561197984366686,Recommended,304430,34018048,Posted: 4 August,all,3lbCoCo,"Inside is a fantastic game. I mainly play FPSs, so switching up genres every so often is a nice break...particularly when the game is fun, atmospheric, & compelling. I recently purchased the steam link with controller & have begun streaming games to my bedroom tv. Inside was the perfect game to get my feet wet on this endeavor. While the story leaves a bit to your imagination (there is no dialogue), this does not detract from the experience...it actually adds to the dystopian feel of the game. The game is undeniably very well done. I'll refrain from plot interpretations, walk through, and spoilers. I'll just say that Inside is a fantastic gaming experience that I would highly recommend.PC Gaming since 97"
76561198115982688,Recommended,304430,34910478,Posted: 12 September,all,Entec,"INSIDE - ReviewINSIDE is a really strange game, similar in gameplay mechanics to Limbo, but with a completely different atmosphere: presents a dystopian future where Mankind seems to be divided.The main character is a little and scared boy that wants to scape from the situation.With It's fantastic artistic section, detailed sounds and the lack of soundtrack, INSIDE create an unique atmosphere that will make playing it a whole new experience that, in my opinion,  you shouldn't miss."
,Recommended,304430,24219247,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Real Human Being,Loved it but £15 for 3 hours is pretty expensive. Buy it on sale.
,Recommended,304430,28713530,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Olivaw,"Inside is like Limbo, but better. The puzzles are better, the levels are better, the storytelling is better, the world is better, the atmosphere and the style is better. It's just better.If you're looking for a puzzle platformer to knock your socks off, play Inside. If you're into heavy thematic meaning through non-traditional storytelling, play Inside. If you're looking to be severely disturbed by very creepy imagery, play Inside. If you'd like to play a game with a final sequence that will be guaranteed to surprise you, play Inside.Just play Inside."
,Recommended,304430,24496515,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Old Snake,A true masterpiece!
76561197986992295,Recommended,304430,30938622,Posted: 4 April,all,Haarpf!,"Amazing game! If you ever played Limbo and liked that, you will with guarantee like this one aswell."
,Recommended,304430,24372332,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Xaveri,"I've never played a game like this before. Sure, there's LIMBO, but this game, this is another whole level. You can see the care and love that the developers placed into this game. It was a great experience, albeit a short one, 3 hours or so. But, don't let that derrail you from having this experience. Thik about how many times you have paid $15 for a bad movie in the theater. You'll get you money's woth, trust me. Play it now!"
,Recommended,304430,28516138,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Arctiq,"This is a fantastic game and I loved every second of it. The ambience is great and the puzzles are creative. However, the game is way too short to justify a $20 pricetag. I finished the game in 3 hours and was only able to find 2 secrets. If you can get this game for $10-$15, go for it."
,Recommended,304430,33642617,Posted: 18 July,all,4cylinder,A worthy successor to LIMBO
76561198096079278,Recommended,304430,27469354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FriendFive,"This game. It's hard for me to know what to say about it, but it's good and I really enjoyed it. If you liked LIMBO at all, then you should probably give this game a try.Both LIMBO and INSIDE have 2-D puzzle platform mechanics, though the latter game felt less heavy on physics-based puzzles, which to me, is a good thing. However, I was occasionally annoyed a few times with the backtracking that INSIDE required.Both games feature child protagonists who can die in all kinds of disturbing ways, but unlike LIMBO, this game actually has some sort of color palette (however muted) so your deaths are a lot more graphic.Both games are very atmospheric, with excellent visuals, but INSIDE's environments feel much less abstract than those found in LIMBO. Even though you are stuck in a 2-D world, the background has a lot more depth and details than the earlier Play Dead Studios game.Something else that I felt INSIDE shared with LIMBO was a simple, but very well-implemented control scheme that felt pretty tight. Especially in the very strange ending of this game, which can be disorienting, the controls just felt right.INSIDE has some very tense moments that were effectively crafted by the developers, where you have to run through a closing door or jump off a cliff into water location  a moment before being caught by some chaser. Most of these happen in the earlier stages of the game, though.OK, now about the end. In short, it sort of blew my mind, and the main thing I can say is that I never thought I would end up in the situation I found myself in. Nothing in all the weirdness and creepiness of the game prepared me for the ending. Similar to the ending of LIMBO, as well as it's overall story and ultimate meaning, gamers will be theorizing about, and discussing what INSIDE is about for a long time.Overall, I really enjoyed this very polished game."
76561197977741683,Recommended,304430,33404038,Posted: 9 July,all,™ŃЄMЄŞİŞ Sensei,More of this! PLEASE! FANTASTIC GAME!
,Recommended,304430,33734072,Posted: 22 July,all,Goldenderek,"Sometimes we stumble upon games and don't know what to expect, I for one cannot find the words to describe such a game. The questions.... The theories, and the unsettled feeling after the end screen credits pop up. Take my word for it, 10/10 game. Watch carefully as I failed to do, the scenery, the wires, lights, people, biomes, every detail makes you question and wonder."
,Recommended,304430,32343731,Posted: 11 June,all,Pervy Sage,"Pretty awesome puzzle game that includes a lot of walking through a very atmospheric environment. The puzzles doesnt seem to have been made to get the players stuck; If anything, the puzzles are more for providing the game a story/mood/theme. Some of the puzzles may have ""interesting"" solutions but they are never too difficult. The game doesn't exist for the puzzles, the puzzles exist to serve the game."
,Recommended,304430,33201078,Posted: 3 July,all,Dyl0n,Like LIMBO but wayyyy better IMO.Bought a copy for my friend after I finished the game.
,Recommended,304430,31006871,Posted: 7 April,all,SNap [SVK] ✔ ☣,love the scenery enviroment and the story...best part is whole game!
,Recommended,304430,24188884,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gwynnbleidd,"I hate puzzle games,I hate platforming even more.and yetINSIDE was a solid 10/10 for me.Wish it was just a bit longer though, finished it in about 3 hours."
,Recommended,304430,28558188,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nabs,An amazing masterpiece. One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198083743708,Recommended,304430,33350547,Posted: 7 July,all,ThBigHoov,"This game is absolutely beautiful, and the gameplay only adds to the experience. Extremely well done."
,Recommended,304430,24202604,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,loopdaloop,"I would start by saying INSIDE is an amazing game.This game caught my eye because of the singular art style and dystopian atmosphere of the trailer. As I'd never heard of the company Playdead, I thought it was a good idea to buy this game in order to encourage more games from the company.I will say this, if you plan on getting this game because the trailer intrigues you and you have the money, stop reading reviews and buy it as part of this game is discovering the perculiar atmosphere by yourself.Pros-amazing gameplay-animations are smooth-beautiful scenery and art style-combination of platformer and puzzleis very well made-original puzzles allthough not very hard-secret ending-hard to get achievements which require a very accute sense of observationCons-very expensive (£15 for ~4 hours fo gameplay)-close to no story, all you do is run to the right with no idea why and see a variety of scenes which leave you with more questions than answers-Once you've played this game once, you will probably never play it again-SPOILERI was extremely disapointed by the endingTo conclude I'll say: if you feel like this game could be for you, get it and stop reading reviews because it's amazing!Non Spoiler free reviewThe ending was extremely disapointing, I mean you turn into a mass of corpses that run around and destroy everything, what kind of ending is that??? I personally didn't see the point of the ending. Also I wished they could have explained more about how this society came to be .To finish I would say that for the first 3 and a half hours of gameplay, I thoroughly enjoyed it but the last 15 minuntes as a lumbering disgusting monster left me thinking ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is this ending?"""
,Recommended,304430,33551080,Posted: 14 July,all,gbgustilo,"Inside is such a beautiful game. Very cinematic. Though the puzzles aren't all that difficult, some levels can be frustrating. The game can be finished in one sitting but if you're a casual gamer like me, it will take you a couple of days. Must buy if you're a fan of Limbo.10/10. Will tranform into a blob of human flesh again."
,Recommended,304430,26010050,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WHAM,"Short version: INSIDE is like LIMBO, but a bit more complex.Long version: Inside is a clever short puzzle platformer about a boy in a city and places where science happens.In all honest: I haven't got the faintest clue what the heck the story was supposed to be about, so I feel I can't give the game a score in the story category, but all other aspects were damn near spot on.The visuals, while fairly flat and simplistic, are well stylized and serve their purpose well. The 2D/3D gameplay does cause the occasional issue where I failed to judge jumps properly, but this is a very short-term nuisance, since death is not really penalized in this game.Sound-wise the game is, again, simple but effective. There is no dialogue, the music is minimalist, ambient sounds are very much the same, but in all that simplicity I felt that the sound did it's job very well.The puzzles, which are the main meat of INSIDE, do pretty much everything they can to get the most out of the simplistic ""stick and two buttons"" control scheme. You jump, push, pull, run swim and jump your way through a myriad interesting locations as the game's curious, if somewhat unfathomable, story unravels on the background.All in all, I felt INDISE was a pleasant experience and I recommend it.Playtime: 4+ hours (Single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 9Audio: 8Story: N/AGameplay: 9Overall: 9"
,Recommended,304430,32346006,Posted: 11 June,all,calebfoxhuizenga,"I've never been more entranced and blown away like this before. Playdead has created another masterpiece. Buy this game as soon as you can, you won't regret it.Graphics: Beautiful, somber and perfectly sets the mood for the game. 10/10Gameplay: Easy to pick up. Frequent puzzles are difficult but not unfair. Movement speed underwater is a bit slow. 9/10Story: Excellent. Somber, frightening, thoughtful. The alternate ending is extremely thought-provoking. 10/10Music/Sound: Outstanding. Most of the sounds are ambient, but there are excellent pieces of music. 10/10Replayibilty: Very replayable because of short length and collectables.  Price maybe too high for length. 9/10Overall: 48/50A must play game. Headphones boost the experience."
,Recommended,304430,31617152,Posted: 7 May,all,Pogo,"I would recommend playing Limbo first, if you haven't.Inside is an aesthetically beautiful puzzle platformer. The game is played as one continuous panning camera shot, and you guide your character through a diverse set of environments, some more dangerous than others. The player's movement is confined to one plane (like an ant farm) even though some of the environments extend off into the background. The palette is mostly muted, serving both to contribute to the ominous tone of the game and to keep focus on the important elements on screen.The puzzles are smart and uncomplicated (though sometimes repetitive), and pretty much all involve bypassing an obstacle in your path (whether a locked door, a roadblock, or a hostile creature). Some involve escaping enemies or avoiding detection, some involve manipulating multiple objects in the right order, and some involve careful timing, but they rarely throw a lot at you at once. Some of the puzzles require you to learn how to use strange mechanisms, and you use them often enough to feel competent or clever but not so frequently that you get bored with them.Several of the challenges involve either running at full speed to outrace a pursuer or object or instead having to walk slowly or stand around while you wait for your obstacle to make way. The game kind of slingshots you back and forth between the frantic and the boring, presumably using the contrast to try to push the excitement and the tension. It's not always communicated to the player whether the current challenge is to outrun, outwit, or outwait, so unfortunately several of these challenges will be solved through trial and error (i.e. dying a lot and essentially brute-forcing). It's not my favorite method of puzzle solving, but in a sense I guess it's Part Of The Game.The story of the game raises a lot of questions, most of which don't get concrete answers (there is no dialogue). The story is sort of at odds with itself, and the player base has a variety of theories about what it ""means."" Over the course of the many chapters, you will see multiple strange (unnatural, even) elements that are ostensibly important to the story but largely unrelated to each other (as far as you can tell with the information given) and almost all of them go completely unexplained. The lack of explanation is frustrating at parts, but the uncertainty gives the game a horror feel. It has some dark themes and some unexpectedly grisly death animations. My most frequent cause of death was falling, which provides you with a pretty gentle crumple animation. Much later in the game I was introduced to a danger (which I intentionally tested) that resulted in major dismemberment. I was so used to the less-graphic deaths that this one actually caught me off guard.The animations themselves are great, and a lot of care went in to making sure that they make sense. For example, if you want to move a crate in a given direction, you can get on one side and push, you can get on the other side and pull, or you can start walking past and grab it from the camera-facing side and drag it. The character's hand position and body movements make sense in all of these instances. The camera has a slight float to it, so even if you're standing perfectly still, the angle keeps changing very slightly.There are several secrets to discover and collect. You may or may not notice which cues let you know when you're getting warm, and you may notice a second too late that you've just missed one. Progressing from area to area often involves one-way movement (especially short falls and self-closing hatches), but the (unseen) checkpoints are plentiful and you can freely Load from any checkpoint you've passed without losing the ability to skip back to your newest area.The climax is unforgettable.Bathysphere / 10"
,Recommended,304430,24229335,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DeeSass,"Brilliant, polished, atmospheric 2D puzzle platformer with exceptional art, animation, and soundtrack. Very rare for me to be so emotionally disturbed by a game. A must buy."
76561198073994781,Recommended,304430,24195441,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vulcrix,"This game was stunning to say the least. Everything a person who enjoys a good story would love. Tossed straight into the action without an explanation, it captivates the player and keeps them on the edge for 3-4 hours. Your heart pounds while playing and I couldn't stop until it was over. It lets you ponder over what is happening and what has happened. It fills you with questions, but then ends. Don't let that scare you away though, it's a very satisfying game to play. My computer is not the best, I play on a decent laptop, but it ran the game perfectly. Never once did I see a drop in framerate or any sort of error. The physics were satisfying to work with and it left me craving another game like it. One of the best stories I've played, definitely recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,304430,24265893,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Trono,Crap this game was incredible in all the right ways
76561198116502578,Recommended,304430,28291797,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,moenad,Mind blowing puzzles! Great game! Haven't finished it yet.
76561198051971343,Recommended,304430,26734661,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BlackHawk,Games like these keep my faith in gaming :) This is true art. A dark and mysterious story told without a single word in it! 9/10
,Recommended,304430,30500822,Posted: 13 March,all,[PNP] DarkFig,I've played this game on a PS4 due to having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer.All i have to say is that it's a great game.I suggest you buy it.
,Recommended,304430,24214111,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Melv Hawk,"An amazing follow-up to a game that was widely spread as one of the greatest indie titles of all time (IMO, I think Limbo is just good. Not bad, nor great). INSIDE had my attention all the way through because of it's mysterious, somber and disturbing world your character dwelt in. Questions kept lingering in my mind and I kept playing to find out exactly why this boy is being hunted by these strange individuals with all kinds of questionable intentions for unknown purposes. The whole game had me on the tip of my seat the entire way through to it's intense beginning and it's thoughtfuland downright bizarreending.Be wary though that this game is 3-4 hours long depending on your play time. If you don't mind the high price tag, I highly recommend INSIDE just for the experience alone."
76561198187459531,Recommended,304430,24236234,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CR91,Amazing Game!!
,Recommended,304430,28871332,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CuKeT'S®,"Beautiful game, awesome, impressive and bizarre ambience and challenging puzzles. What's not to like? Double thumbs up!"
,Recommended,304430,28295951,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,revonoc,A brilliant game that will mess with your head. I recommend getting to the secret ending without spoiling it for yourself online!
,Recommended,304430,24265579,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Red Triangle #53,"It's a video game and you play it with the buttons and you may or may not interact with in-game entities and objectives.That's all I can really say that wouldn't spoil the experience. Long story short it's half-life meets limbo, and it does something only TF2 has been able to graphically, which is to use simplistic cell shaded graphics to add a sense of atmospheric realism beyond what you can expect from anything actively trying to be hyper realistic. The amount of effort that has gone into making locations and character animation seamlessly immersive is amazing, and it's a game that, building on what half-life 2 started, never has a single loading screen. In fact, it is from start to finish a single huge level undergoing huge thematic differences in style and atmosphere as you play, without ever coming across as abrupt or unfitting.I imagine this is the peak of what any side scroller can hope to accomplish. The puzzles, despite sometimes being a bit forced, never actually feel forced, and are constantly changed so they never feel old, which helps create an impression that the objects used to solve them are actually part of the in-game world. And the 2.5 D is put to great use. It feels like you are traversing through a full-fledged 3D world, obviously without the privilege of simply walking around obstacles.Last but not least, the horror elements are in a whole range of different expressions, and I believe after some thought that the game is partially meant as a tribute to the genre. If you are into horror, play it. If you are into puzzlers, play it. If you are into platformers, play it. If you are into kinky things, play it. If you are a scaredypants and can't stand watching little children being mutilated, play it while crying."
76561198051847252,Recommended,304430,27299709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RΣM,"cuz cool story . ohhh, this traps...."
,Recommended,304430,33709774,Posted: 21 July,all,Skinsanity,"I would give this game a very solid 10 out of 10. It may just be because the lack of a strict story intruiges me, but I enjoyed every second of this game. Even though it may be short that does not take away from the quality. Once again i am blown away."
,Recommended,304430,32503856,Posted: 17 June,all,Nholcrais,This has been one of the most phenomenal interactive experience I have ever had the pleasure to play through.An absolute masterpiece from start to finish.
,Recommended,304430,28824652,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jexel,"INSIDE plays like LIMBO except it takes place in a dystopian world that reminds me a lot of Half-Life 2. There are times where you feel utterly alone exploring abandoned farms, deep underwater buildings or giant walled beaches. Other times you’re sneaking past people, machines and robots with only peeks at a continuing civilization.Buy this game if you love great atmosphere, a slowly revealed world and medium difficulty puzzles. Its definitely a premium experience clocking in at only 3-4 hours of play time but I would say it earns the asking price. Its my favorite game of 2016."
,Recommended,304430,24261594,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,CMDR_BAPSTA,"WoW,,,,"
76561198130369091,Recommended,304430,32422426,Posted: 14 June,all,EGhapee,WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DID I JUST PLAYWHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HAVE I BECOME10/10
76561198003570750,Recommended,304430,31068528,Posted: 10 April,all,Deadlock,"Short but oh so sweet. Buy it with a discount, you'll love it."
,Recommended,304430,31068922,Posted: 10 April,all,Futashy,Excellent game!
,Recommended,304430,30693554,Posted: 23 March,all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Wow and here i though limbo was kind of messed up as a story, how wrong i was.Seriously though, this game has a great visual style, amazing animations/effects, the music /ambient sounds are amazingly fitting.In this weird world platformer the controls feel very smooth and responsive.The story? well play it for yourself and be amazed.This game is worth your cash.TLDR,Get the game it's very good and has nice puzzle elements."
76561198017940216,Recommended,304430,24236383,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Stronkcium,"This game ticks all the right boxes which make a 2D platformer great - there is excellent variety - situations ranging from atmospheric to creepy, from humorous to admirable.Add a healthy amount of puzzles, some of them with VERY original mechanics, then some production quality in both graphics and sound department, and you have something outstanding.If you're thinking about buying, the decision is very simple: If you liked Limbo, then there is nothing to think about, you're gonna LOVE this.Even if you didn't play Limbo, or are not into ""indie"" as such, you should strongly consider, as this is an extremely uniqueexperience"
76561197973270891,Recommended,304430,24258644,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Terminator,"This follow-up to the highly acclaimed Limbo not only matches, it exceeds. Yes, like Limbo, this is a  relatively short game you'll complete within 4-5 hours, and the puzzles aren't as challenging, but Inside is full of fresh ideas. The final chapter alone is a memorable one you won't forget. Every frame is stylish, delivering a bleak sinister world presented in film-noir which elevate Inside to an art form. The controls, though basic, cover a variety of functions, and the subtle character animations are responsive, which is just as well because surviving these threats require good timing whilst constantly running / swimming out of harms way."
,Recommended,304430,24259335,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,HellinBag,"This game has an great atmosphere. Everything works well, soundtrack, graphics, detail and gameplay. While playing you can really feel the love that Playdead invested in creating this amazing game. I surely recommend this game. If you like puzzles, a story with space for your own interpretations and beautiful created games, then INSIDE is a must have/played for you!"
,Recommended,304430,29814746,Posted: 9 February,all,Mubarak,"Attention to detail at it's finest. Clever and engaging puzzles. Dark, incredibly atmospheric. The story is told through the environment and the things happen around you. It's one of these stories that you still have questions to be answered but the core of it is explained. Well worth your time."
,Recommended,304430,24236209,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Luthyr,Difficult to find a game as polished as this.  I enjoyed that the game was fairly short (3-4 hours).  Puzzles were not too difficult and pacing was done well.
76561198029178574,Recommended,304430,31475077,Posted: 30 April,all,Kernel Panic,One of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,304430,24236458,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,grimer30,It's kinda fun and it looks cool.I am scared of sea monsters so I thought that (there is a scary kappa) was scary but the rest wasn't really too scary.It's possible you could invent some sort of extended metaphor to make up for the lack of real story but you might have to REALLY think and I doubt anyone would be too happy with it.Still good though.
,Recommended,304430,24280088,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,dewries,"This game reminded me of Another World more than any other game since, even those that aimed at becoming its successor. If you remember how that game stood out from its peers back then, well Inside achieves the same today. We will be playing this in 20 years. Never mind the arguments about lenght versus price, they've never been more irrelevant. This experience is well worth the asking price. Obviously this is not the kind of game where you compete or show off your skills, and unless you're locked into that kind of thing, you absolutely need to play this."
,Recommended,304430,24189092,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sephrax,"If you liked Limbo you're going to like this. Playdead knows how to create intriguing game worlds. You always want to see what heppens next checkpoint after checkpoint until you finish the game.+ Graphics are simple but beautiful+ Sound and music+ Confusing+/- Game is short, only few hours, but I think quality is more important here than quantity"
76561198026839447,Recommended,304430,24178560,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,starsurfer1998,"while the game is a bit expensive for the amount of content i still think it's more than worth it. The game starts of as a simple treck through the woods but as you play through it you uncover more about the world and what is happening, although a simple story the thing that sets it apart from other games is the stunning visuals. The black and white colouring doesn't look out of place anywhere in the world and aids in showing how bleak everything is while the lighting used both looks amazing and acts as your guide within the game showing you where to go. All together i'd say the game is definitly worth playing just for the atmosphere it creates because you won't find it anywhere else but if you can hold on till it drops in price a bit because after all it is only a 3 hour game :)"
76561198057432809,Recommended,304430,26975821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Autistic Jewish Raptor,"Inside is a phenominal game with great art design, sound and story. This is one of the best indie games of the year. Highly Advise that you purchase this game! :)"
76561198030720390,Recommended,304430,34215144,Posted: 13 August,all,Deltavee,"A small boy trying to survive in a strange and violent world.My god! Its my childhood! o.oInside is a compelling game. They nailed that ""just one more try"" vibe that keeps you at it until you look up and realize just how /long/ you've been playing. The world is spooky and alien, think of it as a side scroller version of Half Life 2, bizarre alien structures that you must outwit or, in most cases, your dead. The music is minimal and minimalistic, fitting the dark and strange world. There isn't a whole lot of exploration in this game, you go left to right for the most part solving puzzles to keep going.The puzzles are, I think, just the right difficulty. Not yawningly easy, but your goingto watch the boy die in various brutal ways with some of them as you try to figure things out. Best advice I can give is to scout out each area as best as possible before you attempt that areas particular puzzle. The controls are as minimal as the music, left right up down and an action button. Its mapped for the arrow keys and right control as action. This proved to be a problem in one area for me so I remapped them to WASD, Space as jump and RCtrl as action.If you like you can also use a controller instead of a keyboard, but I rarely use controllers so I didn't try it. This game is  thoughtful, atmospheric, goodly puzzles and has a breathless ""being hunted"" feeling that I've not found in other games in this genre. Definitely worth a go, and the price is nice.Now I have to try Limbo!"
76561198069332835,Recommended,304430,34118325,Posted: 8 August,all,Mandeep,A beautiful and subtly detailed game
76561198144570032,Recommended,304430,24187317,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rmin10,This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. The atmosphere is incredible and story is really something to think about.
,Recommended,304430,31006492,Posted: 7 April,all,AboveAverageJoe,"Inside is an ""experience"". It has some pretty interesting puzzles, hidden ""collectibles"", a cool art style, and fantastic soundtrack/audio. There is a second hidden ending but besides that the only reason to really go back again aftering beating is to collect the few ""items"" you missed. The load/checkpoint system does help out with that. Overall it is a pretty good puzzle game that is kind of weird and different but there isn't much for you after you play it once. In total it took me about 4.5 hours to 100% including some afk time. I would proabably recommend to get it on sale or in a bundle. It is a solid 7/10"
,Recommended,304430,25581953,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,CJomei,"Inside (just like Limbo) is a linear puzzle-platforming game. It's tight controls, stellar art style, atmosphere, ambiguous story, and straightforward level design will have you gripped from the beginning, up until the closing credits.Inside's gameplay follows a linear stucture and is filled with puzzles and set-pieces. My only problem is that the puzzle aspect is underdeveloped, a puzzle game shouldn't have most of it's puzzles be braindead.The art style makes this another game that will have timeless graphics. The art style sets the tone well, and the subtle details help build understanding of what is going on (and also lets you appreciate how much time was put into the big and small details the developers placed in). The 2.5d perspective is done well, and helps make it a step above most other games that usually use some mediocre 2d background.This game unfortunately is very short (took me 4 hours to get all the achievements) and lacks much replay value outside the easy to obtain achievements.If you enjoyed Limbo or Limbo's demo, this game as probably worth it to you on a sale."
,Recommended,304430,34717519,Posted: 3 September,all,Arabin,"Beautiful presentation and animation, wrapped around a creepy story. The puzzles are interesting, and unusual, but all can be figured with a little effort. The only downside is if you use keys, I recommend changing the settings before you start. While the game is short, it's a joy to play, and I highly recommend the experience."
,Recommended,304430,24193293,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SebastianBastian,"Top 5 best game of all time! Play it in a dark room, alone. One of few games where the achivements are fun to find.GoTY 2016"
76561198162314998,Recommended,304430,24484614,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The_whole_country_of_Erangel,was gonna complete within 2 hrs and return it.but this game is really a masterpiece.gonna keep it.way awesome.
76561198019696234,Recommended,304430,34083096,Posted: 7 August,all,marmalada180,"INSIDE is a great game.Made my insides churn with tension and its atmosphere throughout. You can finish it inside of 5 hours. For the price, can't complain; not gouging the inside of my wallet. Perfect thing to play when your inside and you only have a few hours to spare.But seriously, its one of those rare games that can have no dialogue or text but say so much."
76561198086386427,Recommended,304430,34674534,Posted: 1 September,all,♕NEVER♕,"What a Great game! Couldn't stop playing it,simple and strong game at the same time!"
76561198014042126,Recommended,304430,24206818,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,UAT|BookGuy,"For the first two-thirds the game wasn't quite grabbing me. The puzzles weren't quite as good as Limbo, while the visuals and art design were more interesting it felt less coherent, less substantial.The last third changed all that.Buy this; though consider waiting for a sale, $20 is a bit pricy. Also, unlike Limbo which front-loaded its best elements, you won't be able to easily show this off to friends."
76561197972380613,Recommended,304430,26327903,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Deprivator,"If you like Out of this world, Limbo, and those types of games, you'll like Inside as well.  I'd give it an 8/10, there is a crazy twist for the last 10-15% of the game which is cool, but the game ended a little two abruptly for my tastes, considering I didn't even hit 3 hours played and I was already done.  Great 2-3 hours, but wish it was closer to 5-6 hours etc.$20 is a little steep for < 3 hours gametime, but if you can get it for < $15, I'd recommend it, or if you are a fan of the above type games and have the cash, just get it and enjoy the 3 hours."
,Recommended,304430,24357357,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Neon Sheep,"A simply incredible experience. Thoughtful, heart-wrenching, and gorgeous."
76561197980059752,Recommended,304430,34959517,Posted: 14 September,all,✯қоєқ&ᴃаққєя✯,"A work of art.Storytelling without words.Plenty of variety in the gameplay to keep you interested.Puzzles give a real sense of accomplishment due to the perfect balance of no handholding yet logical enough solutions not to get frustrated at any time.Amazing atmosphere.Imaginative, rich dystopian setting.Gameplay mechanic is just wonderful and certain aspects of it are quite original."
,Recommended,304430,34971709,Posted: 15 September,all,Lilo is King.,"Such an amazing and interesting game. I would highly recommend this anyone, this isn't a game I would usually play but I thought why not give it a go and I'm glad I did. Only hoped the story would last longer and not had ended the way it did.Super creepy but worth the buy!"
76561197989884147,Recommended,304430,34962120,Posted: 14 September,all,Spicy,"What a fantastic game. It feels a bit like Limbo but the story/environment interest me so much more.A great little puzzle platformer game with simple but yet beautiful graphics.Being on sale for 10$, this is an easy purchase. Heck, I'd easily pay full retail after playing this."
76561198291645073,Recommended,304430,32338033,Posted: 11 June,all,Sudsy381,"Amazing, beautiful game."
76561197996338711,Recommended,304430,32339000,Posted: 11 June,all,hagfish,"Brilliant, Just brilliant. From spooky, to scary, to weird, to.. you'll see. The puzzles all make 'internal' sense, and their solutions are discoverable, rather than requiring pixel-hunting, brute-force, or twitch-reflexes. Looking forward to the next one! Well done."
76561197972139814,Recommended,304430,35097997,Posted: 20 September,all,Wellingtons,Unforgettable.
,Recommended,304430,35098986,Posted: 20 September,all,The Trump Train,"Well, I was looking into a horror type game, and I noticed a few days back Limbo and INSIDE being on sale and was like, ok. Instantly I was brought back almost to the feel of when I first played Pitfall, and this, in my opinion is about as close as you can get, while at the same time, sending a very strong political signal of what happens when you let those in power, have too much power. It has 1984, The Wall, and A Brave New World, into a game for old timers, something somewhat familiar, while at the same time, being enveloped into a story, without a single word being uttered. I would certainly give it an 11/10. The only drawback is I wanted more, but I'm sure the developers are already working on their next masterpiece. I will, be watching."
,Recommended,304430,31157223,Posted: 15 April,all,OgglePoggle,Very immersive. Brilliant and even an improvement on Limbo
,Recommended,304430,31158541,Posted: 15 April,all,lukeXcze,AWESOME in every little detail.
,Recommended,304430,24294965,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sleeperagent,Don't go outside to play inside.Edit: Devs removed Denuvo now I recommend it even more.
,Recommended,304430,34981384,Posted: 15 September,all,mravocadoman,at first i as hesitated in buying it and my god! im glad that i did!the amazing story telling without the need of a narrator or text is amazing.pare that up with amazing graphics and animations an you have yourself a fantastic game.i would go for as to say this is my favorite game i`ve ever played.ty for creating this game!
76561198050137963,Recommended,304430,24448378,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,polsch,"Even when slightly short, at the current 20-dollar price tag this game is the complete package of a profound, bizarrely attractive and mesmerizingly playable narrative which doesn't need a single word to convey layers of meaning. Recommended to all those who enjoyed Limbo and love 2.5D platformers."
76561198061570988,Recommended,304430,34953035,Posted: 14 September,all,Shade,"This game is very goodThe combo of fear and terror with the great and polished gameplayon top of what i would call a mute story (no words no writing) is amazingThe graphics are goodThe ""riddles"" are not too tough but not too straight forwards and the save locations are just perfecteven if you fail and die you are never too far back to give up playingI loved the experience , im thinking of doing another run just for the other achievmentsVery recommended"
,Recommended,304430,35000687,Posted: 16 September,all,Tomba444,"INSIDE takes everything that LIMBO did well and expands upon it without feeling rehashed or lazy. The mechanics are tight, the gameplay is thrilling, the world is immersive, and the story is engaging. I have nothing but good things to say about this game, which is rare. Play INSIDE as soon as possible. 10/10"
76561197995135204,Recommended,304430,34954286,Posted: 14 September,all,xDHx Blade-D-Kratos,"Wow. I f***ing  loved it! I want more and I also want it as a tv animation series! People are saying it's too short but the game is perfect length for me not too long not too short. Forever changing immersive environment, the game play as well as the mood and the feel of the game had me just Wow throughout. I even died on purpose just to see the animations a few times. Loved Limbo also. I really, really respect the effort and hard work and the imagination. If I had an award to give away, I'd give it. Luckily you got a few already! :) Thank you!  Please make an ""Outside"" too?! I'll wait 5 years more!"
76561197970584926,Recommended,304430,32339312,Posted: 11 June,all,Happy Fluttershy,"I start with negative aspect. Game is pretty short and quite easy. You can easily play this to the end in one evening or two, and because the problem solving nature of the game, there isn't much re-play value. You can of course spend some extra time hunting achievements, and apparently there is also alternative end for the game.That being said, this is extremely well made and enjoyable little game. Gloomy, black and whitish graphics fits to the game nicely. Echoing, distant sounds makes the atmosphere even better. There are many violent and scary scenes, don't let kids to play this even the main character itself is a small boy. Puzzles make you think for a while but it is not easy to get stuck. Also, puzzles are not ""finding the one right pixel to click"" or ""wander an hour searching for missing item"" type annoying things that are often used to prolong some games. So the game was maybe short but at least it didn't get boring at any time.This is worth of checking out if just keeping in mind this game doesn't offer content for a very long time."
,Recommended,304430,25198282,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bogun,Incredibly original. Amazing visuals and audio. Like nothing else you'll ever play. Puzzles can be tough at times but the level design is exceptionally good and you can find your way after not too long. Some of the best animation I've ever seen in a game. Wow!
,Recommended,304430,27564581,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sup McNuggs,"Wow... that was insane yet heartfelt? I dunno, i liked it. Good game."
,Recommended,304430,27558391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gallievo,A true masterpiece!
,Recommended,304430,35070791,Posted: 19 September,all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),"I had an amazing time playing LIMBO when that was relatively new, and this game is another great game by Playdead.They nailed the atmosphere with the simplistic art style and detailed animations. It looks and sounds amazing.I loved ffinding out the solutions to the puzzles, speculating from the enviroment and finding the secrets.Some of the best hours I've spend are from the 6 hours that I was completing this game.Amazing game, definately reccommend if you like to play a real piece of art."
76561198087345773,Recommended,304430,35064198,Posted: 19 September,all,sunny29990,"Its a great game. That's all there is to say. Its dark, gloomy and depressing from a story point of view and its fun to play from a gameplay point of view. There is absolutely no flaw I can think of which is present in the game. You control a young boy uncovering the secrets of a corporate entity conducting research on the human mind to control it through a scientific technique. This was my interpretation.There is more you can interpret from the story because its never told to us. We have to make it ourselves as we play long. This game reminded me of some dark sci fi movies like Blade Runner and 2001: A Space Odyssey.  The game takes no excuse in violence as your main character can get torn to shreds, ripped apart, crushed in all manner of ways.The graphics are beautiful. I have never seen a 2.5 platformer present such a eerie and dark atmosphere. The game developers did a great job in setting the right tone. Also, there are 2 different endings to the game. One is your normal standard one which is always there and the other is a hidden ending for which you have to destroy various circular electrical items on each level. There are 14 of them and once you destroy them you unlock an alternate ending for a deeper understanding of the story.It balances difficulty and puzzle solving in a neat way and there is no frustation involved in solving puzzles or evading enemies. It all feels smooth and transitional naturally. For all of you looking for an incredible atmosphere with some mysterious storytelling involving consipracy theories and a great platformer, get this one. Its truly an experience to be felt."
,Recommended,304430,34944981,Posted: 14 September,all,$uicideboy$.666,"To me It's not a game. It's a criticize. It criticises people who wants to get more money, more power and more material with just using people's will. I'm sure there are many people out there thinking about how can they use how can they take in people and let them be a slave. This game is a conspiracy theory about that villains. Nice work. Dangerous capitalism is dangerous.Graphics 7/10Gameplay 10/10Controls 10/10Atmosphere: Dark 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,28160425,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Wakane,"After 6 years since the XBOX360 release of LIMBO, the developer finally released another game with a similar tone.It's an atmosphiric side scrolling adventure with some puzzles. It is a polished game that is working very well to engage and withdraw the players' attention.The story is well hidden under the backgrounds, gameplay, and other stuff. The ending may not feel like an ending, but it fits the whole tone of the game.Be aware, it is a short game. A speed run can only takes 1.5 hours. I completed it in 4+ hours (I took my time). Ideal case is when you got this game during a sale.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24348037,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,820,"Let me be quick on this one.Gameplay, setting, atmosphere, puzzles, sound - Perfect.Graphics: lighting, reflections, water (omg!), shadows, particle effects, physics, art direction - is one of the best i'm ever seen in the videogame to date.Add intense and eery story to all of this and you will get aMASTERPIECE."
76561197980087583,Recommended,304430,26820896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shad,"WHOOAAAAAAAA, DUDE !"
76561197970353878,Recommended,304430,35352545,Posted: 30 September,all,Skade,I don't typically write reviews. I don't typically play sinlge player games. I don't even particularly like the genre this game belongs to.Absolutely fantastic game. Beautifully produced and genuinely a joy to play.
76561198026873914,Recommended,304430,24308517,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"NO SPOILERS AHEADINSIDE is a dark, atmospheric platformer by the creators of LIMBO, containing many of the same themes and mechanics.Credit must be given to one particular fact: The game is near-perfectly paced, with none of the puzzle platforming mechanics overstaying it's welcome, always seeming to cut themselves short just before you'd start to consider them an annoyance. By contrast, I feel like most of LIMBO's puzzle platforming were downright miserable. INSIDE does a stupendous job of being tolerable to people who don't like puzzle platformers.If you like puzzle platformers, you need to play this, plain and simple.If you don't - you might as well give it a try. I did. I enjoyed it quite a bit."
76561198116659822,Recommended,304430,32169988,Posted: 4 June,all,Fowler,fantastic
,Recommended,304430,24236154,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Doctor,"INSIDE!Well to start , INSIDE is a very , very special game to me.LIMBO dropped on the xbox 360 and i was all for it, spending my entire night to clear it, LIMBO to me was a master piece and still is,But after the ending of that game < clearly not 100% satisfied > I felt that the world could still continue .After those few weeks passed I clearly wanted more of this type of game. Hoping one day some form of sequel or style from them would return .And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did it ever....INSIDE is everything I hoped for and more! Keep in mind for this type of game , and the extreme amount of detail , i could careless how long the product is, this story needed to be shown.Its deep dark rick tones and ambiances really allow you to be 100% sucked into the world and lose track of time .Its not for everyone since the difficulty ranges and the puzzles are something to engrave into you're brain . But they took every aspect of LIMBO and mastered it, then , oh then ... they bring in some new mechanics and my god do they ever master those to !If you love any kind of hidden truth or deeper meaning , you're in some serious luck cause this masterpiece will provide !PLAYDEAD <3 I seriously can't even comprehend how good the third game will be .  Thank you guys so much , I will always contribute and fund your projects to keep seeing this amazing story's!"
,Recommended,304430,28738599,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Scerttle,"Going into this, I was expecting more Limbo and not much else. That's SOMEWHAT true, but you don't really think about it once the game has started. The game mechanics are fun, it's both groqesque and beautiful to look at and the minimalist story is everything you need it to be. Absolutely worth it, doubley so if you enjoyed Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,29590880,Posted: 30 January,all,| α∂αρт σя ∂ιε |,"This game is fantastic. It holds your attention with an atmospheric soundtrack, and dark, mysterious, yet beautiful visuals. There's so much to like about it, and you shouild play it without knowing much about it beforehand. However, I do think the price is a little over its value, and would price it at 15.00 or so, but only because of the length and linear nature of the game, and not because of its quality. It took me about 2-3 hours to complete, so don't expect a very long game."
,Recommended,304430,29580247,Posted: 29 January,all,SuckMyHoldyFlappyFolds,"I don't think the developers PlayDead can make a bad game, 2 for 2 with this and Limbo, definitely recommend."
76561198024469649,Recommended,304430,29586556,Posted: 30 January,all,DumbCustomer,Enthralling.
76561197971939258,Recommended,304430,29598203,Posted: 30 January,all,DaveKan,"This game pulled me and didn't let me go until I finished it. I started playing this game in the afternoon and the next thing I knew it was night and I had finished it. Forgot about dinner, forgot about my family, completely engrossed."
,Recommended,304430,29590788,Posted: 30 January,all,Hyperfocus,"Incredible game.  Beautiful, horrifying, intoxicating.The plot is perfect in its vagueness, and leaves much to the imagination, but the emotion is all there very vividly.the puzzles are challenging and exciting."
76561198040728191,Recommended,304430,30138026,Posted: 24 February,all,GinG TV,"10/10 dude.This is a game that keeps you thinking about it way after you beat it.I know that sounds cliche, but it's 100% true.The game is fanatastic. Just play it, ya fools"
76561197961024834,Recommended,304430,29592234,Posted: 30 January,all,renton,What an amazing and smart game! Loved every second of it!
,Recommended,304430,29601981,Posted: 31 January,all,penny,"What an interesting little game. While the puzzles aren't challenging by any means, the studio nailed the vibe perfectly with the score and SFX. This game is a masterclass in depth and scale within environmental design.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,304430,31188390,Posted: 16 April,all,neno brasil,Excelente atmosfera e final de♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,304430,24222948,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RedBalloon,Play INSIDE. It's a beautiful and satisfying platformer.
76561198048951765,Recommended,304430,24820354,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,clean3d,"Just wow.I thought that I'm going to play this for an hour or so, but stopped only after I completed the game. So make sure you have enough time (~5 hours)! :)""What's this? What's happening? Oh my god!""The last time I felt such strong emotions was only when I watched District #9 movie.Just a masterpiece. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,304430,28776589,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,D43M0N,"♥♥♥♥ dogs, ♥♥♥♥ worms, and ♥♥♥♥ mermaids 2016"
,Recommended,304430,35435226,Posted: 2 October,all,Freds,"Excelent atmosphere, something straight out of 1985.The animations for this game is gorgeous, every step feels organic along side every jump or fall.As for the controlls they handle very well, Any platformer worth it's salt needs proper controlls.The story is rather interesting, talking about it would probably spoil it so I rather not.The only downside in my opinon is that the game is too short and I don't think the game matches it's price.I liked it, Would reccomend it (on sale)"
76561197963487819,Recommended,304430,35496269,Posted: 5 October,all,Jacob,"This game is truly phenominal, I don't think I've had this much fun playing a platformer since foreve.r The amount of atmosphere this game has is insane."
,Recommended,304430,30944325,Posted: 4 April,all,Mr.BuissnessMan,The best 2D platform I've ever played as well as a fantastic puzzle game. Really good graphics and an awesome subtle story. I would really recommend to anyone.
76561198161047606,Recommended,304430,24920732,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Corvax,"My god what a game! Ill admit at first glance I was reluctant due to the 20$ price point, but figured what the hell try it. Unbenownced to me I was about to experience one of the greatest games I will ever have the pleasure of spending 20 dollars on.The gameCalling this a game is only on a technical level. By definition it is a game due to aspects such as programming graphics controlls and such. But what it really is, is art no doubt this game is comparable to things such as paintings, movies, music, or anything of the like. I won't say anything about the game (you need to expierence it for yourself) but the concept is both inventive complex and beautifull all being melded into a perfect mixture of confusion and amazement.GraphicsThe graphics are simple but pleasing to the eye. They combine beauty and darkness into what seems perfect for  the style of game and truly I could not imagine a more fitting style for the game.AudioYou should absolutely play this game with headphones, nothing will give you a better experience. The only word I can use to describe the audio iseerily atmosphericcombined with the graphics the game starts to bring this game to life.PhysicsThis may sound weird to have a subject about, but the way your character falls, trips, jumps and moves just makes him seem so real and alive. It was oddly one of my favourite parts about the game.GameplayThe controls are really great and the puzzles both work well with the theme and can be quite tricky. I found myself getting stumped a bit but never so badly I couldnt figure it ou.The badReally there is nothing bad. I have spent time trying to find the bad in this game but so far have failed to find any. Maybe it wont be a game everyone wants but surely if you dont mind the style of gameplay it is truly amazing.OverallOverall this game is a masterpiece, by the end I felt I had gone through a journey more than played a game. I even dreamt about the game where I was just trying to understand what had happened in it and trying to decode it all. The price point although I can understand how some can see it being a lot for a few hours of gameplay, is well worth every penny and I cant wait to do a second playthrough!"
,Recommended,304430,25396949,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Voodoo Pork,"My contender for GOTY for 2016 (so far):A rich, haunting game in an atmosphere of pure dread, fear, and surreal horror. What you expected from the same people of Limbo. Just as long as it needs to be, around 3-4 hours, with several of the mechanics worthy of their own full-fledged puzzle game, and it keeps introducing new ideas. I was never bored or annoyed (save one water section that slows to a crawl). A super tight control scheme and animation that is staggering in its subtlety and personality. The third act turn is strange, horrific, and completely unexpected.PROS:- Amazing atmosphere- Tight, simple 2 button control scheme- No HUD, tutorials, or handholding, storytelling through gameplay- Puzzle mechanics are fascinatingCONS:- Short length may turn people off (3-4 hours)- Ambiguous, sudden ending- There's a water level that borders on tediousHighest recommendation."
76561197977614593,Recommended,304430,29365798,Posted: 19 January,all,Kerbalnaut,"Although visually striking with its phenomenally dreary atmosphere, INSIDE fails to offer gameplay of any substance. While its mood and tone carry you through one of the best looking games ever made, every puzzle fails at being interesting or remotely challenging. Ultimately the puzzles are tedious distraction from the adventure of walking right through an intriguing, bleak world. Which may, or may not be enough of a draw to keep boredom from setting in."
,Recommended,304430,24967522,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sir Casm,"Inside is probably my new favorite indie game. Every frame meticulously crafted with some incredible visual storytelling, Playdead took 6 years to create this 4 hour long experience where every second is worth it. With a growing trend of open world games and quantity over quality, experiences like this truly shine.This is a must-buy recommendation from me."
76561198193630381,Recommended,304430,26890124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Wind-Up Bird,"Best game of 2016. If you are into story-rich games that will mind♥♥♥♥ you and can be finished in one sitting, be prepared to sit back for a few hours and have your ♥♥♥♥in' balls blown off."
,Recommended,304430,24927813,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,VieuxCrouton,"I DO NOT REALLY RECOMMEND IT. Here's whyThe game in itself is beautiful I'm not gonna lie, but compared to Limbo... It just doesn't feel that satisfying after beating the game. It lasts only 3 hours, yes you read that right... 3, three, tres, trois (i'll stop). Seriously, it's not long at all for 20$. It feels more like a demo more than a complete game.Now on to the good points. The gameplay is easy to learn, there are only 3 buttons pretty much. The atmosphere is really creepy like it should, especially due to the lack of music, which is a shame that there is no music. The art style is beautiful as always.Is it worth getting? Definitely but not at this price wait for a sale.SPOILER AHEAD, DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GET SPOILED!!I just don't understand the ending though... I thought you'd learn more about the character like why he's running away and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but NOPE! YOU BECOME A GIANT BALL OF HUMAN LIMBS. Why? Cuz I don't know... drugs?"
,Recommended,304430,24216157,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Andres,Capitalism
76561198164368348,Recommended,304430,25719338,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Micaiah,"i just beat this game today and WOW what a ride i love games like this. i have yet to beat limbo but i plain to soon, as well as replay this game to get the alt ending. i will gladly buy anything you make from now on GOOD GOD you make some of the best games of the decade. dark, atmospheric, made me Feel for everything in this game i loved the stealth sections GREAT add on and please NEVER STOP WHAT YOU DO! 10-10"
,Recommended,304430,30385547,Posted: 7 March,all,[USF4Revival] pmf026 (icanhazGG),FOOOOOOOOUR HOOOOOOOOOOOOUURSSSSSSS
76561197964474489,Recommended,304430,24421569,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Schmoo,Awesome game. Play it now. Don't look att trailer or reviews. They will only spoil the game.
,Recommended,304430,24168850,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ZBlu,"This game is the most seamless, powerful, beautiful, meaningful experience I've had this year.To call it the best game I've ever played is a bit unfair, because I did not play that much games, but this game is just unbelievably above everything I played before and probably everything I'll play in a long time.Thank you Play Dead for having created such masterpiece of a game. You deserve all the hype and praise you got.(altho the game is a bit short, DLC's coming up possibly ? I'd love more of that artsyle :D )"
,Recommended,304430,26066059,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Quarrel,"Absolutely loved it. Great atmosphere and sound. The scenery, visuals and effects made it perfect. My only negative about the game is its length and the seemingly abrupt ending.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,304430,24269507,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[BMS] DR!P,Worth every dollar of the $20 price tag. Goes from Spielberg to Cronenberg in 2 hours.
,Recommended,304430,24270046,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Clem Fandango,"A masterpiece, buy it."
,Recommended,304430,32357186,Posted: 11 June,all,luvcraft,"Just finished playing this amazing game! So beautiful and atmospheric, great puzzles and controls, an incredibly satisfying ending, and easter eggs that you can go back and get later and don't have to collect all of in one playthrough. :)Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,304430,32276515,Posted: 8 June,all,Ra3id,"This game is absolutely beautiful on all levels of production. The moody, dystopian environments are such an incredible balance of fantasy and brutal realism I had little problem letting go. Not a single word of dialog is spoken, and yet a story unfolds with such a great sense of pace and nuance.The art direction in this game is absolutely top-notch. Carefully crafted environments breath unsettling life into world. The desaturated world around your young male avatar does a fantastic job of painting with light, shape and silhouette. I also found the animation, particularly the character animations, to be wonderfully fluid, with weight and friction. Pushing and pulling objects in the world, jumping, climbing, all had a great tactile feel to them. The platforming and puzzle solving isn't going to challenge you beyond your patience, but it's just challenging enough to keep you interested and involved in the subtle story being told around you.The sound design is another aspect that should be taught in a master class. The minute differences between footsteps as you run on mud or loose gravel to the soft pitter-patter of footsteps on wet concrete, all have a natural realistic feel. Every sound is as it should be. And the way the environments play with the acoustics of each sound element is chilling and immersive.Inside is a short game, but it is definitely worth the purchase. The story from start to finish isn't one that is written to blow your mind, however, there is such a nuanced world that is so well realized and being painted around you, that the mere act of trying to survive it's obstacles and antagonists as you move through each set piece is enough to stick with you for months, maybe years.It's hard to put into words how a game like Inside goes above and beyond. Implementing such care and attention to detail, and it simply must be played to understand the meaning of the game, as an art piece, or a day-in-the-life of a  young protagonist trying to survive this parallel dystopian universe. It's all so damn beautiful and carefully crafted.In my humble opinion, Inside should be placed in the Video Game Hall of Fame for it's beautiful attention to detail and incredibly uneasy journey through a world and society that isn't too far from our own, albeit seen through a broken distorted smog filled lens.Don't watch playthroughs. Just go play.10 out of 10"
,Recommended,304430,24267258,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,10/10 WILL PRAY HOLY MOTHER NECROBLOB AGAIN
,Recommended,304430,33226293,Posted: 4 July,all,Pie KaZkout,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game good.If you've played Limbo, the first game made by the same creator as Inside you will most probably love this game more.If you are a person with the phobia of deep water (like me) the horror aspect of this game will be AMPLIPHIED BY 1000%The music and sound design is perfect for every part of the game, the sounds are extreamly realistic and the music helps you know if you are in danger or if something important is happening.Although all you are doing is pressing the right arrow key to progress through the story, the camera angles and different layers of set design make it seem like you are walking in different directions in certain parts of the game.And there is a part of the game where you think its the end, you're devastated by it. AND THEN THE GAME CONTINUES LIKE NOTHING HAPPENS.[The following parts have spoilers]So the ending kind of let me down. **Kind of**.So you get to this massive laboratory right, there are people everywhere, at first i was paniced because untill that part every human you meet kills you. But these guys are cool. They're all huddled at this massive glass window. Which at the time you cannot see whats in there. So the game makes you go into the massive tank of water that is holding whatever is behind that glass.You go into the tank through a shoot, when you're in the tank, your cloathing is gone and the scientists are just looking at this kid, although they do not have faces you can tell they're expressing ""HOLY ♥♥♥♥ THERE IS A KID IN THAT ♥♥♥♥ING TANK OH GOD NO GET OUT"" and personally i had this moment of 'Ha! Im in the tank ♥♥♥♥♥es i get to see whats inside final-' and then i turned to the right.Holy ♥♥♥♥Its a blob of humansLikeHumans combined into a blob.You have to ♥♥♥♥ing release it rightSo you go over and take off the weird wires and as you're doing this the hands that come out of the blob ARE ♥♥♥♥ING GRABBING YOU AND TRYING TO TAKE YOU INso after two wires THEY GRAB YOU AND YOU CAN'T ESCAPE SO YOU ARE NOW PLAYING AS A ♥♥♥♥ING HUMAN BLOB THAT JUST DESTROYES THE WHOLE PLACE and then you escape and die on a beach.I was sad because i was really rooting for this kid to escape. Instead he dies as a part of a massive human blob :cThe ending could have been better.[No more spoilers here]The game feels like  Portal but more ♥♥♥♥ed up and realistic.Aperture science on every drug under the sun.9.9/10.This is a game everyone needs to play."
76561197969589707,Recommended,304430,29949793,Posted: 15 February,all,@Pendragon@,"Amazingly atmospheric, bleak, dystopian and spooky. Clever gameplay and storytelling makes for one of the most compelling games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,304430,29722369,Posted: 5 February,all,Funky,"Intrigues and excites until the very end. Unbelievably well polished down to every little detail like specific little animations, a fantastic atmosphere, unusual story and interesting gameplay mechanics."
76561198041910807,Recommended,304430,24188777,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Glooper,See this review? good. Play the game. don't read anything under this as anything could spoil your experience.
,Recommended,304430,25960203,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,squashysquish,"Inside features quite possibly the best atmospheric sound design in the medium, alongside a captivating visual style and puzzles that take the simplistic elements of Limbo and deepen them without compromising elegance. On the contrary, everything about the design of Inside feels fluid and clever, though never pretentious. The harshness of the world constantly teeters on the edge of horror, and yet, perversely, serves only to draw the curious player in rather than repulse.The theme of the presentation is restraint: where monochromatic night is plentiful, a scarce hint of bloom and color strikes the viewer that much more. The side-scrolling perspective is harnessed to contrive consistently impressive cinematography. When anything more than the rustling of wind and shuffling footsteps graces the ear, it makes its mark, especially in the rare instances of tangible music. After minutes of brisk, trivial exploration and solving, next will come an open sandbox of seemingly unrelated elements that the player must piece together.This is one of the few games that makes the most of every moment, and is well worth the asking price for its few-hour stay. The last fifteen minutes rendered my mouth literally agape for longer portions of it than I'd like to admit."
,Recommended,304430,26175126,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,bigjosh50,"Honestly not a gamer who gets caught up in ""side-scrolling"" type games but this game is AWESOME! Love the dark setting of the game, the puzzles are very entertaining, don't know why playing this game reminds me of Apple's 1984 Super Bowl commercial. They both kind of relate honestly lol"
,Recommended,304430,29840891,Posted: 10 February,all,strike_class,step up from what was done with Limbo. love being able to explore every inch and still have secrets to find. both endings are so incredible and the fact its all done without dialogue makes it that much more notable. one of the best 2d games imo.
,Recommended,304430,24182292,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Katosepe,"*SPOILER-FREE ZONE*Many people are saying that INSIDE is a better version of LIMBO. I even saw someone throw around the term ""Super LIMBO"". While INSIDE does improve on LIMBO's mechanics in almost every way, I doubt that it would be different enough to change anyone's mind who didn't already enjoy LIMBO.You start off the same way as PlayDead's previous game, you are a young boy in a forest and from there, keep moving right. Story is told in an entirely visual way, without any spoken dialogue throughout the entire game. Just like that game, the story is intentionally ambiguous and is left up to the player's interpretation of the things you have seen. Many people really enjoy this style but many do not. If you do enjoy this, they tell the story masterfully but it won't change your mind if you don't like not having a clear plotline.Just like LIMBO, as you make your way constantly right, you will encounter environmental puzzles. These are well designed puzzles that utilize the environment in mostly realistic ways (within the context of the story, of course) that rarely feel contrived. The controls are left incredibly simple with only three actions available to the player: move, jump, grab. By keeping things very simple, INSIDE manages to design puzzles that never require any sort of instruction to solve. Player experimentation is required but rarely, if ever, will feel tedious due to the limited action set available. I'm very familiar with video games but am, by no means, a puzzle master. That being said, I never felt stuck on any puzzle for longer than a few minutes. Results may vary but I imagine most players will have similar experiences as well.There are exceptions to the well-crafted design. A few ""puzzles"" in the game involve spotlights that move across the ground and require the player to utilize the environment to hide from the spotlights. One major problem with this system is that the cover won't cast any shadows so it is up to the player to try and determine where exactly they need to stand to stay hidden. Since the spotlights move, it can be unclear if you need to stay hidden at an angle to the spotlight or if you should stay directly under their cover. Also, the camera can present the action at an angle so it can be difficult to tell if your character is directly under the cover or slightly outside and in the danger zone. Even in a best-case scenario, these sections feel like mindless filler but they quickly become tedious, as well, due to the guesswork involved in where you actually need to stand to stay hidden. To be fair, checkpoints are quite generous so it never moves you far back if you fail but it still feels frustrating, especially compared to the brisk pace of the rest of the game.Ultimately, if you enjoyed LIMBO, this is a worthy successor to that title, expanding on the mechanics to improve the overall experience. If you didn't, though, don't bother wasting your 3-5 hours with INSIDE."
,Recommended,304430,32377600,Posted: 12 June,all,IndieAme,"Gorgeus. It's not so easy to review this title... well, if you have played and enjoyed LIMBO, you will appreciate this one too, but if you have never played LIMBO... This game features some dark and gloomy atmosphere, an enjoyable but bleak ""soundtrack"", and just like his ""predecessor"", you will find no dialogue or texts at all. The only thing to do is to keep going, there are several puzzles, but nothing will be too hard to complete. I loved LIMBO, and I congratulate to Playdead for giving me another masterpiece called INSIDE."
,Recommended,304430,24265573,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pasta la vista,"I rarely use this term, but this game is a true masterpiece."
76561198253583883,Recommended,304430,30271277,Posted: 1 March,all,Bunnybones,"This is the best game I hhave ever played. it took me five hours to complete, but not because it was too hard (it rarely is), but because every five seconds I stopped playing just to stare at the screen and say: ""wow"". it is truly a beautiful game. It will stick with me until the end of my days. The ending is amazing, and the entire experience generate a lot of thoughts in me. It is a creepy and thoughtful game, and one that is memorable. Not everyone will find joy out of this masterpiece, but I certainly did, and i hope you do as well."
76561198040369825,Recommended,304430,24192378,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Riplasher,"I feel the same way about this game that all positive reviews do, EXCEPT. I beat this game in 2 hours, 2 hours for $20.00. Are you kidding me? Let's be real here, thats enough to fill up the gas tank in my car. Wait for the game to be on sale."
,Recommended,304430,25104327,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,JeemFeezy,I was only disappointed when it was over.
,Recommended,304430,30536904,Posted: 15 March,all,Dillbobaggins,"I never write reviews. But this game deserves the highest of reviews.I loved Playdead's Limbo, and was so incredibly excited to hear about Inside. Sure enough I was not disappointed. In fact I was shocked at how much better it was than any expectations I already had (which were really high.) This should be the new standard for games. Thank you Playdead.Graphics/Style 11/10Immersion 11/10Story 11/10Basically everything 11/10"
76561198041952197,Recommended,304430,33892160,Posted: 29 July,all,unplay,"Welp, now I'm ♥♥♥♥ing terrified of water."
,Recommended,304430,26307520,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Parzival,"An absolute masterpiece. It's short if you only play to the standard ending, but go for the alternate ending by finding all the hidden secrets and you will be very glad you did."
,Recommended,304430,26296504,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,b00ster,Absolutely sublime from start to finish. A must have for any gamer with a sense of art...
76561197969987631,Recommended,304430,26337841,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,xenwall,"Easily my favorite gaming experience of the year. This is a game that leaves you thinking at the end. Great gameplay, AMAZING animations, tons of emotion oozing from every interaction with the world. I highly recommend the game if you're looking for an artistic outing."
,Recommended,304430,24415634,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,knight artorias,"Honestly, to me, this game was breathtaking.A lot of people have complained that it's too short, but to be honest, I think length may have taken away from the game.  It's the sort of game that's best presented in a more concise manner; any longer than it was, and the settings and puzzles may have started to become redundant and boring.From the start, I was completely captured by it.  There was a deeply unsettling feeling right from the moment you first step into the forest, and that feeling doesn't go away for the entire game.  The atmosphere and the horror aspects were astounding, and the setting was masterfully done.  The story left us with more questions than answers, but in the end, maybe that's okay.  We were never meant to get the whole picture - we were just trying to escape, trying to survive.This game is absolutely worth every cent and the replay value, to go back and see details you may have been too tense (or terrified) to really examine the first time, is great.  My only warning is that people with phobias related to water may not want to play this one.10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24475469,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sparrow,"This game's really disturbing and atmospheric, just like LIMBO. the original and the secret ending are both pretty bizarre. Great graphics, soundtrack and gameplay. Buy it right now, you're missing out."
,Recommended,304430,24245785,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DarkPrimus,"I'm not sure how to reviewInside, as revealing anything about it will lessen one's experience with it. But lets give it a try.You play as a boy. The boy is trying to get away from bad people, and if the bad people catch the boy, it's game over.There is no start menu. There is no tutorial, no UI, no voice-over or audio logs or text boxes. You can move, and you can jump, and you can grab objects. Everything you need to do from here on out is presented intuitively, introducing simple mechanics that become gradually more complex as you progress further into the game.The game is atmospheric as hell, with starkly beautiful landscapes and dark, overwhelming architecture. Everything has a surreal quality to it, and while it's not long in that you'll begin to feel uneasy about things, the game will continually impress and disturb you.Really, my only complaint would be that failing at most of the puzzles results in the boy dying in various savage ways, and there is no way to skip this. The most enjoyable segments of the game for me were the sections where I had extended puzzle sequences to solve without the fear of death if my pursuers were to catch up before I worked it out. Also, there is one section/design element of the game that I felt was overused and I became weary of it, enough so that I had to actually take a break from the game, thanks to those failure deaths.But overall, a fantastic puzzle game with an incredible atmosphere.Just don't expect to come away from it full of happy thoughts."
,Recommended,304430,24225509,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ZombieMesh,"Do you like puzzle platformers?Do you like worldbuilding?Do you like autmosphere?Did you like Limbo?Do you like child murder?If you said yes to any of those things, this game is for you!If you said no to all of those things, this game is also for you!Everyone play it, it is fantastic!Serious review:Inside is an incredible experience that I have never had the pleasure to feel before now. It is dark and mysterious and tense and sweet. It's just about a boy trying to get away, I think. Or who knows. This game is weird and its hard to even describe what's going on in it. The atmosphere is intense and solomn and jesus just buy the game it's soooo good.The puzzles range from ""I got it on the first try"" to ""took a few times, but I got it."" None of them are hard or unfair, you just gotta use your brain a little. It only took me around 3 hours to beat, which might seem short for a 20 dollar game, but every minute was worth it. I can't say whether I would have liked it longer. I think, for the most part, every section lasts the right amount of time without going on too long or cutting off too short.My only gripe is that once you realize you've done a puzzle wrong and have to run back to the start of it to try again, the movement takes forever. If I actually needed to be on the other side of the room to do a section of the puzzle, little boy red takes his sweet time getting back over there. Of course, poor baby boy is tired, but its still a chore to have to wait to retry the puzzle because of his run speed.PS: Those death scenes are both brutal, horrifying, and hilarious.RIP baby chick friend."
,Recommended,304430,31029745,Posted: 8 April,all,Diddle Schnitz,Inside provides an exceptionally polished and unique platform experience. It's silent narrative and captivating story will draw you in and leave its mark.Inside won't stop surprising you from start to finish.Easily 10 / 10
,Recommended,304430,24234966,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,N1GHTY,"Really cool 2D puzzle platformer game/experience! A little bit too short. Overall 4/5 wont give it 5 cuz some puzzles are way too easy and the game is a bit short.Game itself might not be worth 19.99euro for 3 hours of experience, I would said 10euro max. But if you got the money you should really tried this game out :)"
,Recommended,304430,24825683,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,iDevil360,Just. Wow.
,Recommended,304430,26701826,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Solaris,"INSIDE is the best game I have played this year. Quite possibly ever.INSIDE has, hands down, the best combination of animation, art style, sound design and atmosphere I've ever seen in a game.INSIDE is the only game I have played through to completion in one sitting, only to immediately start playing again.INSIDE has no text, no dialogue, no cut scenes, no UI and manages to weave a far more interesting and thought provoking narrative than 99% of other games.INSIDE is as close to a perfect game that I have played.INSIDE is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
76561198025267416,Recommended,304430,26754979,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,de,"Amazing all around. So much attention to detail! Interesting story, lots to think about."
,Recommended,304430,24193479,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DenNerd,"This is truly a marvel. Scks yo inside from the first frame. Brings back memories of playing games like ""Another World"" or ""Flashback"", Highly recommended."
76561198041511003,Recommended,304430,24176761,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,That Parker Kid,"Its a good game, only good for one or two playthroughs if you wanna go for secrets/achievements. Pretty clever how the game lasts just over the refund limit on steam.For the amount of time and effort they put in this game it was suprisingly short. You would be better off watching a non-commentary playthrough on youtube or just waiting for a sale as its more like a strange pixar film than a game.But still, the gameplay itself was really quite good, puzzle design was unique and things stayed fresh. Animations were beautiful and fluid. And the atmosphere was pretty good."
,Recommended,304430,29578392,Posted: 29 January,all,Eliteneo,"I don't know exactly what I just played, but I do know it was freaking amazing. #BALLforLIFE"
76561197965282243,Recommended,304430,29600185,Posted: 30 January,all,Hatch,"This side-scroller is like playing a silent story.  There's no dialogue or text and the game just throws you in and you just go.  It plays a lot like Limbo and if you liked Limbo you'll love Inside.  You play a boy exploring or possibly escaping what appears to be a science lab or shadow government secret where they're ""playing God"".  The game doesn't tell you much but that's what's fun about it. The story is kind of subjective.  This would make for an interesting conversation if two or more players who have played this talked about it over coffee.   There's some parts of the game that's like a puzzle but not too difficult.  There's also hidden orbs you can find but for the sake of spoilers I won't say more than that.  It's an easy to play game and pretty short but very worth it.ProsGameplaySimplisticSubjective storylineCreative puzzles but not too hard to figure out.VisualsEasy to backtrack using load menuHalf puzzle, half running for your lifeThere's a secret endingNeutralShort - not a long game but appropriate for this titleConsThe ending is bizarre which is ok but then...anticlimactic."
,Recommended,304430,24240875,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zlaya Kotleta,"Ты хочешь, чтобы я ЧТО сделала с этими цыплятами?Сумасшедшая игра.Лимбо в декорациях портала с психоделом сайлент хилла.Однозначно рекомендую. 3 часа, которые надолго останутся в памяти.10 мясных шаров из 10"
,Recommended,304430,24210583,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sprsclr,"INSIDE is a game which integrates the platforming, adventure and puzzle aspects into a slickly animated package with beautiful art direction. There are no loading screens and transitions between areas are completely seamless. I can understand the comparisons to Limbo since you're once again playing a young boy, the puzzle mechanics are similar and the checkpoint system is the same. The difference here is that the environment lives and each element in the world is very realistic; as one would expect since the entire story is based on everything that you see / hear / observe in the environment as you progress.Note that the game does NOT have any dialogue at all (or hints for that matter).Personally, INSIDE reminds me of Deadlight - the early sections are similar; and Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) - beautiful art direction and short. As a reference, I finished my first playthrough in 5 hours and took another 1-2 hours to get all the achievements.Some of the puzzles are very clever but ALL of them are amazingly integrated and realistic too. At no point did I feel that a puzzle made no sense. The realism is uncanny as you will find that if you treat things in the game like game objects, the game will surprise you.I come away from INSIDE with the feeling that one would get after watching an interesting movie and wanting others to experience it themselves. Even after completing the game, it's still difficult to conclusively say whether it's a good or a bad game. What INSIDE is to me isinteresting."
,Recommended,304430,31447999,Posted: 29 April,all,єммα,"""1984"""
,Recommended,304430,26470831,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,A7medAG..,This game is one of the amazng indie games iv ever playedThis game provides many things that are rare to find in modern games :- Amazing Sound tracks- Physical thriller- Great gameplay- Challenging tips- And simple and amzing graphics and enviromentNegatives :The only negative of this game is that after finishing it no new contentHope the developers focus on that <3Game Rating9.6 / 10Hope this review helped <3Its A7medAGGoodbye <3
76561198029040262,Recommended,304430,24172462,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,cooper_tone,Easily one of the best indie games of 2016. Fantastic story. Amazing soundtrack. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,304430,32132966,Posted: 2 June,all,粘豆On your knees mortal.,"Do NOT buy this game if u are under 25 . U ll be feel nothing fun but bewildered.But u ll feel something unspeakable but always want to yell out if u are no spring chicken.Politics, humanity, dominate, slavery, intimidation, repression, fear, unity, give up, redemption......All men are equa is just a wishes and supplication,  only solidarity and violence can let us touch free and fair.For kids : 1/10For adult: 10/10BTW , i still cant get the point of LIMBO."
76561197970649654,Recommended,304430,28114692,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SarcasticGamer,"A rare masterpiece, replayed it 5 times."
,Recommended,304430,24242687,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TheGameTutor,"Back in 2010 Limbo arrived during the much missed Xbox Summer of Arcade and immediately stood out as an innovative and atmospheric 2D Platformer.I am going to be as spoiler free as I can in this review and all clips are taken from the first half of the game but all I will say if you are on the fence this game is every bit as good as Limbo and in many ways even better. The game begins set in a deeply lit forest and immediately upon our young boy protagonist appearing the similarities to Limbo can be seen. You proceed to travel right and begin to investigate a large facility set in an Orwellian Society.The forest is soon left behind and eventually you stumble upon a research facility where the true nature of the game’s story begins to show itself. There is no dialogue, no cut scenes or audio logs to find yet the story of the game is told through the environments that you explore. Sure the game is not always crystal clear but that is what adds to its charm and the insane amount of speculative threads already littering the pages of Reddit.The puzzles in the game are fantastic ranging from physics based puzzles to some with more logic based solutions. The gameplay however remains fresh throughout and at not one point in the game’s relatively short 3 hour playtime did I feel bored or look for other things to do.The game is 2D but is set in one of the most beautiful 3D worlds I have ever seen in a videogame. The atmosphere on show and the life given to this world are simply stunning. This is a game that solidifies the argument that games can well and truly be art. With Inside there is no comeback.As well as the gorgeous visuals and excellent camera the game just simply plays perfectly. Not once did I ever feel that a death was caused by anything but my own mistake. This game really is polished to such as high level… and then polished some more. As you play you really feel like every little point in the world has been thought over and crafted with such high care and detail.Its hard for me to say much more without giving away spoilers but Inside is by far one of the best inside games I have ever played and is definitely a contender for Game of the Year. A wonderful game that I would recommend to anyone that calls themselves a video game fan.You can check out our original video review here:http://www.thegametutor.co.uk/videos/game-tutor-grades/160711_game-tutor-grades-inside"
,Recommended,304430,24178988,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ʀიⅆიⲋ,Limbo+Black Messa+The Human Centipede
,Recommended,304430,29340256,Posted: 18 January,all,"2,4-DNPH","A 2.5D adventure puzzle game. This game doesn't have a lot of texts but the graphics tells much of what is happening.Just like LIMBO, another adventure puzzle game by playdead, you have to find your own way in order to survive and reveal the secret.The ending is pretty funny but sobering. You have seen the sun again."
,Recommended,304430,25034688,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,gerharar,"Holy f#cking sh#t.EDIT:I see people complaining about the length of the game. *shaking head* You people need to get your sh#t straight. Consider this: I've played INSIDE for 5 hours. I've also played Skyrim -- a very popular and very long game -- for around 120 hours. Comparing these two games in terms of pure satisfaction received, I'd say I've got much, much more overall satisfaction from INSIDE -- let's say it was 200 abstract Satisfaction Points (SPs) total, while I've only got around 60 SPs total from Skyrim. Now, if we divide the total satisfaction by the hours spent getting that satisfaction, we'll get 40 SPs (200SP/5h) per hour ratio for INSIDE and 0,5 SPs (60SP/120h) per hour ratio for Skyrim. See what I'm getting at? Yes, I got much more value (both overall and per-hour) from a 5 hour game than from a 120 hour one.I'm glad this game is only 4-5 hours long, because my time is the most valuable thing I have and I'd rather play a very impressive game that gives me tons of satisfaction in the short period of time, rather than waste countless hours on an average game with a lot of average content (and most ""sandbox""/""open world"" games are guilty of this). That's why INSIDE is one of the best games I've ever played -- not only it has great gameplay, fantastic atmosphere and amazing narrative, but it also gives you a highly concentrated dose of gaming high without wasting your time. I never felt the game dragging at any point, and there was not a single boring moment. Frankly, I don't particularly care about the cost of this game -- it gave me a lot more in terms of impressions than most triple-A titles, and I didn't have to slog through dozens and hundreds of hours to get these impressions. If you value your time, buy this."
76561198121621195,Recommended,304430,24535832,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bernaut,Mind-Blowing!
,Recommended,304430,32269027,Posted: 8 June,all,Offline,記憶をなくしてもう一回やりたい。
,Recommended,304430,24342965,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Platinum,It's better than Undertale.
,Recommended,304430,24207374,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Karayao,I HATE DOGS!
76561198057313502,Recommended,304430,29751843,Posted: 6 February,all,novice_brewsmith,The world in this game feels oppressive and evil. It is unnerving in a way I haven't experienced before.It's really something special.
,Recommended,304430,24190093,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Fossegrim,This is art.
76561198031275593,Recommended,304430,29619598,Posted: 31 January,all,bloodfiend,great ambience like its predecessor and very intriguing storyline
76561198242197914,Not Recommended,304430,28768307,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jack,Pros- Neat puzzles- Great atmosphere- Kooky story- OriginalCons- Shortest game ive ever played- Dumb ending- Overpriced- Weird glitch where I can't use the steam overlay while playingI really dont know why this got so much praise its so short and doesnt even have a satisfying ending I hope i can get A refund get this one on sale or not at all.
,Recommended,304430,24175227,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,alm6rfyyy 💖✨,<33
76561198263366267,Not Recommended,304430,29734007,Posted: 5 February,all,tsorfz,"The game is extremely short (less than 4hrs going blind) for the price , gameplay is bland, repetitive and disappointingly easy, the aesthetics on the other hand are cool and the world and ""lore"" for lack of a better word is interesting and lets you try and figure out whats going ondon't buy unless it's on sale or you don't care about gameplay"
76561198046715830,Recommended,304430,27413118,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr.Joneck,"Во всём новый перфоманс студии Playdead лучше своей предшественницы — LIMBO. Некоторым может не понравиться сильный уклон в антиутопию, но никто не станет спорить с фактом художественного совершенства INSIDE.Переход в третье измерение привнёс нескончаемое количество возможностей для передачи сюжета и значительно повлиял на геймплей. Безмолвное повествование преобразили действия на периферии, освещение и объём окружения помогли создать превосходные визуальные контрасты, а каждая из механик игры теперь напрямую служит раскрытию главной составляющей — истории.И если на LIMBO можно было посмотреть со стороны будучи втянутым в процесс и переживая разыгрывающуюся картину с той же силой, что и играющий, скрупулезная работа над вовлечением игрока в атмосферу мира INSIDE через каждый из аспектов игры отнимет у праздного наблюдателя всякую сопричастность с происходящим. В то же время, геймплейное кредо со времён предыдущего проекта не изменилось: через “культ смерти” познаются боль и бремя -- но не опустошенной фантазией оставлено данной клеймо, а тем, что это единственно подходящий путь для мрачных, антиутопических игр Playdead.Как не иронично, но попытка аккуратно задеть главную составляющую игры -- историю -- станет преступлением по отношению к не игравшим. Она по-прежнему наполнен глубокими, местами слишком мрачными идеями, смысл которых и в этот раз каждый игрок постигнет для себя сам или найдёт его в ходе продолжительной полемики о посыле INSIDE с другими выходцами из этого душевного лепрозория Playdead.ИтогЕсли вам хоть на йоту интересны истории со смыслом, покупка INSIDE станет лучшим вложением средств."
,Recommended,304430,25309609,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},love it
,Recommended,304430,24261215,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Abolla,"This is a great game. Subliminal, this game is full of immense sadness. I don't know if I'd play it again."
,Not Recommended,304430,33544944,Posted: 14 July,all,NoriMori,"Playdead's talent for making games is matched only by their talent for anticlimactic, unsatisfying endings. I want to recommend this game so badly, because it's beautiful and well-made and fascinating, and it had so much potential. The ending destroyed every last shred of it. And no, the secret ending doesn't help.No matter how good INSIDE is in every other regard, I can't recommend a game that builds up so much potential and then throws it all away. It's the worst when this happens with a really good game, because there's this sense of loss. Like you had something great and it was just taken away."
,Recommended,304430,29969444,Posted: 16 February,all,TinaONPC™,Beautiful atmospheric game. too bad it reminds me of Real Life . I adored it .
76561198220493676,Recommended,304430,30228592,Posted: 27 February,all,rufozc,Very dark and creepy game. Artistically excellent but gameplay could be boring to some since you just walk forward most of the time. Good puzzles. A must play.
76561198038434528,Recommended,304430,30370203,Posted: 7 March,all,mmmpek,"I wasn't sure if Inside was going to be able to live up to the awesomeness of its predecessor, Limbo.It did. Not only that but it is brilliant."
76561198045164333,Recommended,304430,29989223,Posted: 17 February,all,DWIG,This is a must buy for everyone. Don't read anything about this game just buy and play it.Hats off to Playdead for this one. They topped Limbo and then some.
,Not Recommended,304430,29198726,Posted: 11 January,all,castavernas,"Great look and feel, great mood, decent story with a cool ending, but in the end this game is a puzzle game and the puzzles aren't interesting.  Its also extremely short.  I feel like the people raving about this game value form over substance.  At $20 for a 3-4 hour game I expect great gameplay in addition to a great look.  There is little to no replay value, even the glowing reviews of this game all show < 5 hours played.Most of the puzzles involve very straightforward ""pull this switch then push this block"" kind of stuff.  The only times I got stuck came from it not always being clear what object you can interact with and what objects are scenary.  This is largely due to the 2.5d nature of the game where the world looks quite 3d but you are limited to moving in 2 dimensions.  Some of the objects that are in the 3rd dimension are things you can interact with and others you cannot and most of the times that I got stuck it was due to not realizing a box was draggable / a rope was grabbable, etc.The game is only a 3-4 hour game so I think given the puzzle quality and the short duration there are better value games out there.  While the art and asethetic are awesome I feel like this game doesn't have the most important element of a puzzle game which is of course fun and interesting puzzles.The fact that this game has better reviews than a game like Braid that costs less, has 4x the content, has better puzzles, had at the time revolutionary game play mechanics, is also beautiful and also has a great story is completely unfathomable to me.  This even has reviews on par with Portal 1 which again, costs half the price had a great story AND ground breaking gameplay and 3x the content.  Putting this game above something like portal and braid is honestly ridiculous.Similarly I'd say Ori and the Blind forest tells a better story, has 10x the content, has much better gameplay, is as or more artistically beautifu (definitely much better music) and costs the same amount.  This game really seems to just offer a small fraction of what any of those other games offer."
76561198084704299,Not Recommended,304430,26064789,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,aurouradream,"I don't really know how to say it well, but, this game let me down.The opening is amazing. The atmosphere, the darkness and the mystery of your surroundings. It all sets up for something amazing to come. And the buildup is great too. Going through, see the strange things, the often horrfying things happening, continues to build that mystery and that sense of impending doom.But...it just kind of...fizzled out for me at the end. I understand this game is supposed to be about interpreting it for yourself, but I feel as if the creators had such an amazing concept and idea going on but they didn't really want to share it. I just kind of feel...jipped. Like I was presented with this amazing cake and I got to look at it, smell it, blow out the candles, but when it came time to eat it, the creator pushed it off the table and then started doing intepretive dance on the ruins of the cake.The gameplay was fun though. So there's that."
76561198001861219,Not Recommended,304430,34490663,Posted: 25 August,all,SupremeSkill,"Inside is a platformer with rather simple puzzles without any accuracy required to pass them, only some logic. The game has mystic and captivating atmosphere that draws you in, but it doesn't have much else going for it.After couple of minutes you start to wonder what this game is about and of course it is telling you some sort of story, but you probably won't make anything out of it for how mysterious it is.This game might be an okay buy for a very cheap price, but it's not worth the hype around it. This game is only for those who enjoy strong atmosphere over gameplay, but not for those who want any level of engaging gameplay."
,Not Recommended,304430,28548104,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Qzik,"I don't get it.INSIDE is a boring game. The platforming is no challenge whatsoever, the puzzles aren't particularly interesting, and the ""experience"" falls off roughly an hour into the game. It starts off well, with the player ""exploring"" (in the context of the story, not the gameplay; you're just running linearly to the right pretty much the whole time) a desolate and oppressive world while hiding and running from masked assailants. Eventually they just sort of disappear, though, and the player is left to platform and puzzle their way through a facility relatively uninhibited for a large portion of the game. This is the worst part. There are a handful of standout scenarios throughout this time, but for the most part it's mind-numbingly boring. The climax of the game is shocking, but it happens about twenty minutes before the credits start rolling and by that point I was pretty much over it.A large portion of INSIDE consists of hiding and/or running from enemies. Just about every single one of these sections is trial-and-error. It's hard to explain what I mean without spoiling any scenarios; if you want to know what I'm talking about you can check out Joseph Anderson's review on YouTube. He and I share many of the same thoughts on the game.The story is dumb. The game does an alright job conveying its theme and I was intrigued during the first hour or so, but the game isn't long enough (roughly three to four hours) to have satisfactory explanations (or in some cases any explanation at all) for everything and there are only two moments I can pick out as memorable plot points. The game doesn't so much tell a story as it does just have things happen and leave you to try and figure out how it all fits together. In most cases it's a good thing when a story leaves you asking questions, but in INSIDE's case I don't even really care what the answers are.There are a lot of critically-acclaimed games that I don't personally like but understand the appeal of. INSIDE isnotone of those games. The overwhelmingly positive rating is an enigma to me; I have an incredibly hard time believing that the majority of people (95% positive reviews as I type this) finished this game and said ""Hell yeah, that made a lot of sense and was very enjoyable."" I paid about $13 and I absolutely do not recommend the game at that price point. Hell, I can't really recommend it at any price point because it's just not a good game.When it comes down to it, I can sum up INSIDE in one word: pretentious."
,Not Recommended,304430,34625861,Posted: 30 August,all,kylethabeast,"This is a good $5.00 game, an okay $10.00 game and a terrible $20.00 game.The good:-Good art: it's very atmospheric and has a nice dark ambience. The backgrounds in the game are very cool. Seriously, this game is very good at capturing the feel of a dystopian society.-Good music: it's subtle; just enough to aid journey. This is how music in games like this should be done.The bad:-The game's length: it is very short. I beat it in 3.8 hours.-The puzzles: they are way too easy. There was only one great puzzle in the game (you'll know it when you get to it, it's bigger than the other puzzles). Many of the puzzles are more annoying than anything else. Furthermore, many of the enviroments surrounding the puzzles leave you asking ""why would anybody engineer the building this way?"". I get the concept of suspending disbelief but some of the puzzle enviroments seem too absurd to ignore. Example: having the button that unlocks a loading bay 20 feet above the ground, attached to the ceiling. I know it's a puzzle and all that, but that just seems too stupid to believe.-The visual narrative seems inconsistent. The theme is cool, but the game leaves a LOT to be explained. You will have way more questions than answers at the end of the game, and not the good, thought-provoking kind of questions that make you think about your life, but the questions like ""what on earth is the point of having so many flying boxes on poles?"".-The ending is just outright stupid. I know a lot of people like it, but it provides absolutely no closure to the game or its story. Seriously, this is one of the worst endings I have ever seen.Don't be fooled by the ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews. This game is all art and no actual meat. I expected this to be an amazing game judging by the steam reviews, but was left very disappointed by its miniscule length, lack of clarity in story, and its terribly abrupt and closureless ending. Would not recommend for a penny over $10.00, if that.Edit: changed the suggested price from $5.00 to $10.00 because I do feel like this game would be a good value if it went on sale for $5.00. $10.00 is still pushing it and $20.00 is still way too high though."
,Not Recommended,304430,30049263,Posted: 19 February,all,razerocksxd,"I cannot understand why this game gets so much praise. The only redeemable factor of this game is the atmosphere. Sure, it controls well, but it isn't puzzling or difficult, there's hardly a story at all, and my play time came in at 3 hours. You can tell me all day that the ""secret ending"" is what you're supposed to shoot for, but I was not nearly satisfied enough with the core game to want to play it again, and going through it again while meticulously searching for secrets to get another ending is just fake length.I honestly feel robbed of my money. $20 is truly outrageous for such a product as this. Don't get me wrong, the intro sucked me right in. But once you get into the facility, everything just looks the same, puzzles are repetitive and not rewarding, and there is nothing to hold my interest. At the end, I said aloud, ""Is that seriously it? That's the end?"" I couldn't believe it. Limbo was far superior. If you think you'd like this game, watch a playthrough on YouTube and go buy Limbo instead. I'm terribly disappointed."
,Recommended,304430,24169482,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Duck Overlord,It's like the bathhouse in Spirted Away
,Recommended,304430,24674920,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,suger röv,I N S I D E I S I N S A N L Y C O O L
,Recommended,304430,29797234,Posted: 9 February,all,DustyKnives,"While $20 for ~4 hours of gameplay may seem like an arm and a leg, my recommendation is to roll with it when it's on sale."
76561198142642234,Recommended,304430,29962028,Posted: 16 February,all,IREY,"Didn't think PlayDead would be able to surpass Limbo, but they more than surpassed Limbo with this masterpiece"
76561198281365784,Recommended,304430,25811694,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Squeak Reaper,That's a 10
76561198064682364,Recommended,304430,25445162,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Arby's Money,"INSIDE is a scrolling 2D puzzle platformer made by the same people who made Limbo.This is a neat, quirky and often beautiful and fascinating game.Puzzle solving can also be tedious. Solving the various puzzles often involves repetition and backtracking.If, like me, you really do find puzzle solving tedious and generally don't care for puzzle games, I suggest either avoiding it or getting it for really cheap.If, like me, you can get throught the tedium of puzzle solving, there is something interesting here."
76561197973734759,Recommended,304430,24526981,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv\Fubar84,This game is a masterpiece! Check out my full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNCNbWkA2yI
76561198015614771,Recommended,304430,24232826,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dont taze me bro,"I can barely put this game down. It's an absolute gem of a game unlike any other I've experienced. The best relation I can make is that this game is like Deadlight meets The Swapper. It's a gorgeously beautiful and atmospheric side-scroller that's littered with ingenuitive and unique puzzles, and one of the best eery, sci-fi backdrops I've ever seen.The way it tells a story without actaully telling a story is this games greatest strength. As you go from lef to right, up to down, sideways, and inbetween, a story unfolds all around you. One that keeps you engaged and guessing the entire time! I've yet to beat this game but I'm sure I'm close. I had to write a review because I want you to play this game! It's worth it. It's creative storytelling and gameplay worthy of applause and reward.Oh, and Steam controller works great with this game. I reccomend using one if you've got it. Now go play!!!"
,Recommended,304430,24173310,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Narc Twain,"A very strange, very hypnotising game. I sat down to try it out for 10 minutes and ended up playing for 2 hours. I love it. It's atmospheridc and incredibly different. Cannot recommend it enough."
76561197970993783,Recommended,304430,24199526,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,99,Not better than LIMBO but still very good.Worth the money.
,Recommended,304430,25717518,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Blu3Flame,Incredible.
,Recommended,304430,30457254,Posted: 11 March,all,faSh`,nice game.many small riddlesnot too challengingbreathtaking atmosphere (including visuals and audio)can only recommend.
,Recommended,304430,24542490,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Aigis,10/10
76561198134369820,Recommended,304430,24573065,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Aodyssey,Quite fine.
76561197970494263,Recommended,304430,24287799,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,benythepooh,A masterpiece of its own genre. Must play.
76561198050799312,Recommended,304430,24307846,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CounterSleet,Absolutly in awe by this game. Unbelievable what the human imagination can come up with. 10/10
,Recommended,304430,30268275,Posted: 1 March,all,Matto,"Pros:Good artworkReally, really weird storyCons:Same gameplay as Limbo. Don't expect any new innovations.The game is short. I finished in a little under 3 hours.The puzzles aren't particularly difficult. I got hung up on one or two but was still able to figure them out after some trial-and-errorIt made a good casual afternoon distraction, but dont expect a challenge. I'd recommend picking it up during a sale."
,Recommended,304430,24505822,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,S T I R N E R,"I think this is my first review of a game. I remember paying LIMBO on another account and got so invested in the story, I shed a tear when it ended. This game is no different and in face an even better sequel than I could have hoped for. You need to play this. It's terrifying, beautiful, and clever all at the same time. I recommend this game to anyone. I mean anyone. I don't care if this is your first puzzle/platform experience. This game is truly a work of art."
,Recommended,304430,24544426,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MaxG3D,"I wish I could put into words how beautifully amazing this game is. But let me say just this:This is the most polished game I've ever played. Aboslute masterpiece, 10/10."
76561198076464385,Recommended,304430,24547836,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LowJacK_604,"Beautiful game, it's only weakness is that it is terribly short."
76561198340382231,Recommended,304430,30263998,Posted: 1 March,all,acschiacheekeong,nice story
,Recommended,304430,24209505,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Azbolg,Blob simulator 2016
,Recommended,304430,32331577,Posted: 10 June,all,Namuskeeper,"After playing Limbo (by the same developer, Playdead) I wanted to give INSIDE a shot too. I have only played around 15 minutes and I can already tell you that the developers of this game are purely genius and talented individuals. Definitely, one of the best games I have played so far!"
76561197992560185,Recommended,304430,32319229,Posted: 10 June,all,Jumpyflash,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game, price is irrelevant"
76561198058145185,Recommended,304430,24169834,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,blackdaemon,"So original, so refreshing, fun gameplay. Wonderful graphic, dark atmosphere, clever puzzles.Reminds me ""Another world"" game."
76561198003418779,Recommended,304430,24170738,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,VectorVictor,"This game is very similar to Limbo, so if you didn't like Limbo you may not enjoy this game. INSIDE is a very short game with only a few secrets along the way. A lot of the content is very morbid and depressing. Many of the things that the game presents is not given a clear answer and much of the plot is left in the dark.If none of these things bother you (or even may appeal to you) I highly recommend you play INSIDE. Just be ready for a beautifully muted color palette, a highly disturbing world, and... flesh."
,Recommended,304430,32247760,Posted: 7 June,all,Rip LagSwitch :(,"Materpiece, don't hesitate just buy it"
76561197960545068,Recommended,304430,32276551,Posted: 8 June,all,N3XT,"If I could define a ""Hidden Gem"" for the games of 2016, this would be it."
,Recommended,304430,27376068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Majeztyk,"Im not good at writing so ♥♥♥♥ me for not trying to go all 'Stephen King' on your♥♥♥♥♥about this game.The bottom line is ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT!It's worth the money.The game is FANTASTIC! But dont take my word...go on the Net, google the reviews and see/hear/read what people say.Thumbs up from me! :D"
,Recommended,304430,26664457,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ragathol,A very special experience. Do yourself a favor and spend 4 hours of your life playing this. You will remember it a long time.
76561198311306086,Recommended,304430,32592719,Posted: 20 June,all,Henry,WoW! Just WoW!
,Recommended,304430,32595890,Posted: 20 June,all,zeusse_leow,"This game let me know I'm not stupid. I can finish it without any walkthrough. Yay!LOL Alright, let's talk it seriously, everything in this game was breathtaking especially the storyline. I felt something and I can't explain what it is after the end of story. Surely, it's a great masterpiece of 2016."
76561198081638616,Recommended,304430,24501553,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Paradoxical Squid,"Utterly amazing, if you dont like puzzles dont worry becasue the compulsarery puzzles are very simple, however if you are a hardcore puzzle solver try find the alternate ""ending"" and no watching youtube vids, thats cheating ;)"
76561198059359135,Recommended,304430,24510842,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Stopnswop,My brain is ♥♥♥♥ing fried right now.
,Recommended,304430,28142805,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Anfia :3,"Another successor from PlayDead games... LIMBO...INSIDECompleted in 5.2 Hours in single running game after first installationWhat I feelsTHIS MOAR FOKIN AWWEEESOME THAN LIMBO!Moar longer than successor oneThe story is very-very creative and modern enough with minimum color scheme usage.The visual is very nice and beautifullyThe audio is very awesome and very thematic than successor LIMBOPerformance... Even now this game is not using Denuvo anti-piracy... Still this game has getting some laggy in several area with lots of animated objects... Still with my old Intel Core 2 Duo PC Specification.. Normally in clean area I got 30-60 FPS stable... but with several animated objects, it's dropped significant... to 10-15-30 FPS... The one area is very unstable is pulse area...Even that, I still able to play that until the end...100/100THIS GAME SHOULD BE THE BEST GAME DESIGN OF THE YEAR 2016 !SUPERB AND G G W P PlayDead, G G W PThis game is totally worth, especially for indie, hardcore, or even designer and multimedia gamers :3Plus, this game can be your reference for making your own games :3Welp, because this game is builded by Unity Game Engine (although the successor LIMBO using custom game engine, only this game PlayDead using Unity for faster development)For newbie, I recommend to buy LIMBO + INSIDE Bundle for best experience and story :3"
76561198054234829,Recommended,304430,24169549,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tibarnius,"Price payed, $20Time to completion, 3hrs.Graphics, absolutely beautiful. It's got a simple style but the lighting system really makes things look amazing regardless of their textureless appearance.Sound. WonderfulGameplay. It's a lot like limbo, theres two buttons, one to jump and the other to interact, so the gameplay is pretty simple, but they've got plenty of variety of challenges to keep it interesting.Story. Well, I'm not entirely sure this game even has a story. Theres no text, no dialogue, no narration, but we've seen games before that tell the story through gameplay rather than traditional ways, like Brothers Tale of two Sons. This game however, I have no idea what the hell was going on, and I felt really disappointed in the end.Overall, I'm not sure if its worth the price, and I'm not even sure if it was worth my time, but I guess I had fun, so I'll just give a thumbs up in lieu of a ""neutral"" option."
,Recommended,304430,29747679,Posted: 6 February,all,General Cummins,ART.
,Recommended,304430,31275586,Posted: 21 April,all,DOGGYSTYLER²,When you invite a girl to your house if you wanna appear deep and toughtfull show her this game and she will show you how deep she is .
,Recommended,304430,24168731,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Metatron,Fun game with some terrific atmosphere and challenging puzzles.
76561198009224350,Recommended,304430,24230156,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Combat Wookie,"like Limbo, get INSIDE. It's just gorgeous!"
76561198009094932,Recommended,304430,24230252,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Oddkins,There are no words...Only this Wonderful game and its Magnificent last level.It's Limbo + Journey + ICO + A Perfect World + I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream....Just BUY it NOW.This is Game of the Year material.And I will never forget this experience -- it does what good Art is SUPPOSED to do.M  A  S  T  E  R  P  I  E  C  E--fin--
76561198033526231,Recommended,304430,24230318,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,vr.vijay06,Awesome game :)..need more games like this in steam
,Recommended,304430,28857470,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CrippledArms,The blob/ meat mass at the end is me in 5 years.
76561197970490498,Recommended,304430,24204792,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sliderh2o,Amazing game! The art design is brilliant!
76561198148399927,Recommended,304430,26221271,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Anukis,5/7 would recommend! ;)Seriously though: it's a great game! Loved the dark and disturbing atmosphere!
,Recommended,304430,30298615,Posted: 3 March,all,SNIG,after this game my mind would never be like it used towhat the ♥♥♥♥ just happened!?danish people are ♥♥♥♥ing insane (in a good way)
,Recommended,304430,24210009,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rhaegar Targaryen,you can swim on this game11/10 better than LIMBO
76561198096320930,Recommended,304430,24494252,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Captain Penguin,"This game is amazing. I have zero complaints. The puzzles were unique and fun, the game looks great, the end levels were very interesting as was your character at the end. 10/10"
76561198046681814,Recommended,304430,24173284,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Shampoo,What in the fu......Do yourself a favor and buy this!
76561198038334143,Recommended,304430,33865168,Posted: 28 July,all,Sleven,"I just gotta start with saying: This is THE best game I've ever played. There I said it.Other than that, there's not really much to say about INSIDE, it's something you have to experience yourself and boy am I glad I did. Initially started watching a playthrough but quickly realized I had to play this myself. The makers of LIMBO dive deeper into the lovely world of plattform puzzles with this spiritual sequel. Also needs to be said that they've only released 2 games with this. Quality before quantity I guess, but man I want more! It's relatively short and I think I played it through in two days, but it should suit people like me that easily get bored of huge quest-inflated RPGs.The visuals are stunning and haunting, the sound effects are incredible (really incredible), the story is really overwhelming and the puzzles satisfying to say the least.This needs to be played!10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24287676,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ParallaxScroll,"I bought this just from watching the trailer and it was a great choice. Game fkin owns you should try itIt's made buy the guys who did Limbo and has kind of a similar style, but this is way better"
,Not Recommended,304430,29012411,Posted: 4 January,all,Count_Zero [DK],"Even though I love the gameplay and puzzles in this game, I honestly can't recommend it. The sheer lack of any meningful beginning and absolute anti-climactic ending, makes the entire game just feels flat and unfinished. Also almost $20 at full price for a game that lasts 3,5 hours is just a ripoff. Don't buy it unless it's on sale."
,Recommended,304430,24188332,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,KILOswiss,"It's short but beautiful, strange, brutal and gets weird towards the end.The games mechanics are self explanatory.No need for hints, tutorials or tooltips, just start the game and begin to play/explore.The game is extremely well designed (even thou the puzzles are very easy), and has tons of nice details added to its weird world, but the sound is what makes this game really immersive.It's a little masterpiece.9/10 Would go INSIDE again."
76561197972123482,Recommended,304430,30844542,Posted: 30 March,all,Panic Pregnant,If you like video games and art just buy this game.
,Recommended,304430,24258211,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,xMameshiba,"Inside is better Limbo in everyway, Inside Amazing."
,Recommended,304430,29824036,Posted: 10 February,all,Khallighanm,A very interesting short game.
,Recommended,304430,24266286,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JocketRump,Did you enjoy limbo ? Imagine a game x1000 awesome than this masterpiece... and you have INSIDE
76561198045760783,Recommended,304430,24265771,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,King of the flamingo,This game is fun but it has only a bit of replay value in the collectables is it worth the value ya i would say i just wish there was more gameplay.
,Recommended,304430,24331202,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,XpandoObject,"Well, it's probably not art. It's not actually that deep. Probably doesn't mean anything. But it is a lot of fun!! The atmosphere is fantastic and there's lots of surprises. The puzzles aren't trial and error like Limbo, they aren't obvious and boring like Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. It reminds me quite a bit of Another World. Yeah it's good!NO SPOILERS: A very important part is the ending, for which you should not spoil yourself, but my review is imcomplete without it. All you need to know is that you WILL NOT see it coming and it WILL be something your interested in. It's not that the protagonist picks up a rifle and shoots himself, or the protagonist was Albert Wesker all along, or any of the dumb crap that passes for a plot twist in video games. You're gonna love it.OK HERE IS THE SPOILER:At the end you turn into a giant scrotum monster made of several dozen human bodies. You go on a rampage, breaking windows and smooshing people A lot of the other reviewers found this very sad and disturbing ;_;. Personally I was laughing my butt off. It's such wonderful stupid trash, I love it!"
,Recommended,304430,33576707,Posted: 15 July,all,Itzel,"This game is by no means a bad game, it's just over hyped. The story will make little sense and you'll never have your questions answered, and they'll only ever get bigger. You can call this game a beautiful masterpiece, but in my perspective it's just a nice arcade game that will never have any true meaning. Buy it on sale for no less than 10 dollars, because you'll finish the story in 4 hours if you're sight seeing and 3 if you're on the ball. Don't expect any complex puzzles, don't think there's any hidden easter eggs for you. The whole thing is very straight foward with one clear direction even though large spaces might lead to you to believe in the contrary. Overall, it's an alright game."
,Recommended,304430,24279698,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,$moc,"I loved this game, the graphics are amazing on a 1440P monitor 144Hz, I 100% reccommend this game to anyone wondering, it's extremely immersive, best played without background sound and and in the dark.-SPOILERS-My theory is that at the start when you see the pigs in the dirt with the small worm like things inside, I think these worm things are either aliens like in the movie 'The edge of Tomorrow' or a human-created type of AI that has taken over the world and control some of the 'semi-dead', for example in the water upside down are kind of like the second layer of intelligence, like the main must be the large ball of mushed up people suspended in water. I thnk that must have like tiers.That's all, amazing game."
76561198018476373,Recommended,304430,29868011,Posted: 12 February,all,riv3rbird,"I do recommend this game but on the following provisions:- You played the demo and loved it. It is solid throughout but doesn't get better than the opening.- You liked Limbo. They are very similar both thematically and in gameplay.- It fits your budget. NB I was gifted this by a friend.- You are a completionist. The plot and thought provoking aspects of the game are very much enhanced by the content unlocked through finding all of the secrets (which are not that hard, especilly with all the guides around should you find the need)."
76561198107092604,Recommended,304430,29977147,Posted: 16 February,all,Axe Body Spray,"Just finished playing and I LOVED this game. Everything about it, from the music to the graphics to the gameplay, made me more and more immersed in the game as I continued playing all the way to the end where my mind was blown. Seriously, AMAZING."
76561198052032850,Recommended,304430,32723125,Posted: 24 June,all,bounding star,just buy itthis game is an experiance like no otherabsolute perfection
,Recommended,304430,34052948,Posted: 5 August,all,Jett,"SPOILER ALERT! Upon reading this you must buy the game the very next second AFTER YOU READ THIS.I've played it, I liked it, you get to be a boy, who's life is in danger of kid killing basterd going through a 'zombie' factory. HehTHE END! NOW GO BUY IT!Blob of sorts :D"
,Recommended,304430,24412202,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Traeger,"From the same makers of LIMBO, I expected a lot from INSIDE, and was definitely satisfied in the end. INSIDE is one of the games you wish you could do another first playthrough of again. The game doesn't explain anything at all. You can interpret the story any way you want to. Like LIMBO, the simplicity of the design turns out to be a good thing as you play through the really creative mechanics and setting of the game.Extremely short but easily worth the low price. This game is a must buy."
,Recommended,304430,32310035,Posted: 9 June,all,Calhoun,"Good but not worth the price tag.Inside feels like a cross between Portal and Abes Odysee but doesn't deliver what made either of them great.Points of interest:Wonderful graphics and art styleImmerseive audio and ambienceSoundtrack and visuals combine well tocreate atmosphereEasy on the hardwareLaptop friendlySimple controlsController recommendedAlternate endingNo multiplayerVague storyVery little replay valueToo shortNot a good value for money experience (19.99USD at time of review)Inside is a dark and interesting distraction, unfortunately it's not much more than that. While it is a fantastic, deeply ambient and immersive side scrolling platformer  it is ultimately marred by its short length, vague story and high price tag.Would recommend to fans of side scrolling puzzle games, if only to keep them entertained for a short while.7/10 - Good ""game"", pick up on sale."
76561197993501028,Recommended,304430,24169679,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,G1,Jaw-dropping. Litteraly.
76561198297137120,Recommended,304430,24573719,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,V_nesh,Best Indie game ever after Limbo!
,Recommended,304430,33494167,Posted: 12 July,all,The Lone Knight,Fantastic game!!! Definitely worth the money regardless of length. Unforgettable experience.
76561198261701494,Recommended,304430,24503344,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LOST,"В начале игры, мы появляемся в каком-то лесу. Играем за мальчика, кто мы? как мы тут оказались? что мы должны сделать? что тут происходит? - Неизвестно... Повсюду ходят люди в масках, устанавливаю какие-то странные машины, отлавливают и перевозят зомби - марионеток. бешеные псы, готовые перегрысть глотку нашему ГГ...Проходя через лес, идём по кукурузному полю и поподаем на ферму... Мёртвые свиньи... Цыплята... Дождь... И через город марширующих зомби... Очень атмосферно.Одна из немногих игр, которую я хочу забыть и перепройти.Замечательная игра, покупайте обязательно...10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24186874,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dole nem tole,MEATBALL!!!!
,Not Recommended,304430,31123048,Posted: 13 April,all,fineapple,"Whilst beautiful the game is half the length it ought to be, the puzzles are simple and at no point challenging & the ending is abrupt and ruins all of the atmosphere that the game had built up.I suspect that something terrible happened in developement and the game had to be rushed out of the door, if this is not the case then we can only hope that playdead hire someone capable of finishing a story arc, that seeming to be anyone other than playdead themselves.Unfortunately I spent four hours playing this game, a time in which I could have done something productive such as hanging myself to avoid any of their future releases, which if Limbo and Inside are anything to go by will be like a perfect date ruined by an earth shattering bowel movement that forever taints your understanding of love until your dying breath.TL;DR It's not very good, play something else."
,Recommended,304430,24722500,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,{Cuban}Gentleman,"Confusing. Foreboding. Unnerving. Hopeless.A journey to uncertainty with an unclear goal and an unredemable conclusion. Inside is the question that every man is afraid to answer. The end will come but it will never leave you, for it will forever be within you."
76561197981134427,Not Recommended,304430,32226071,Posted: 6 June,all,IntelliN,"After really enjoying Limbo, I thought this game would fit between the other games I like. The story is really interesting, but I didn't like the ending of the game. No hard feelings when a game does not tell the entire story, but there should be some sort of reasonable ending. It felt I didn't play the whole story, that there is a part 2. On the other hand I liked the atmosphere in the game, the really nice backgrounds and visuals, really well done. Puzzels, meh, not that interesting. At the end it felt like I did some of the puzzels twice. Don't expect too much, and really go in for the visuals."
,Not Recommended,304430,31180739,Posted: 16 April,all,alex.arthimea,"I just think limbo was better, I did not like this one so much."
,Recommended,304430,29075420,Posted: 6 January,all,a chaser of ball,"The gameplay is really easy, except for the secrets. You never have to really stop and think, and if you get stuck, it's likely because you tried to interact with something slightly off and ran off thinking it just wasn't activated yet.The game is all about atmosphere. Really similar to Limbo, except even less challenging and more beautifully eerie. This can't really be explained without sounding pretentious and meaningless, but it's really beautiful and that's about it.It's expensive for a short experience, but I don't feel cheated having bought it at half price."
,Recommended,304430,32324102,Posted: 10 June,all,PicÆ LEO [I Like Me Better],I love this game!
,Recommended,304430,24233118,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MygodStudio,Buy it if you like LIMBO. Its gameplay is just like LIMBO + more and with a different story.
76561198014308827,Recommended,304430,33853431,Posted: 28 July,all,mr ultraviolent,This is one of the absolute best titles I've ever played.Nuff said!
,Recommended,304430,34404943,Posted: 21 August,all,Brachiosaurus,"For a super dark game, this one's pretty L I T."
76561198043151341,Recommended,304430,25831433,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Madman Badfriend,Buy if on sale.
76561198129419770,Not Recommended,304430,30384294,Posted: 7 March,all,votehart,I rarely write a review but after just finishing the game I thought a review potential buyers. Wait for it to $2 or $3 bucks. This is a very short game (4 hrs) and very easy puzzles to solve. Certainly fun but I was expecting more.
,Recommended,304430,24244624,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,poroto,the dogs made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants several times.
76561198085323294,Recommended,304430,25677358,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FagMuffins,"its a great game, and it has a good story."
,Recommended,304430,24166553,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Freeman,I don't think there is a review that can adequately describe this game. Rest assured though that this game is unlike ANYTHING you've ever played before.  You just need to PLAY IT!
,Recommended,304430,24205259,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Equation™,"Perfection.You can tell alot of love went into making this game, the art style, fluid movement of character and objects are fantastic, the music is subtle but effective... The atmosphere of this game wins me over, As I was playing this game I was getting the same kind of vibes I did as a kid playing Flashback or Out of this World, I was truly emersed into this hauntingly beautiful world!Some say the length of this game puts them off buying it (I have completed it with all achievements and the alternative ending and spent 4.8hrs) I honestly think the length of the game is perfect, it doesn't outstay its welcome or become stale in that time.10/10 Just buy it, even full price. Masterpiece!"
76561197982535822,Not Recommended,304430,26036459,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,deeaa,"Well I don't know what to say....it is genius in many ways, and unique....I thoroughly enjoyed it but  can't really recommend dropping 20 bucks for it unless you really know you like weird games...good, but with caveats. If you don't mind spoending a 20 for 3 hours of unique gaming, go for it."
76561198283106377,Recommended,304430,35211148,Posted: 25 September,all,ArjabRoy,"This game is a true Masterpiece according to me, after playing LIMBO the previous game made by the same devs inspired me to play this game and they didn't dissapoint a bit. They made a far better and polished game this time, the well known dark atmosphere of this genre is great as always.Overall the story is about a boy trapped in a dark project, no more can be said as it'll ruin the player's adventure.Conclusion: If you want a jaw dropping adventure with top notch gameplay and great story get this game with your eyes closed."
76561197999823564,Recommended,304430,24247397,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,An Individual,"INSIDE is an absolutely fantastic game. At once beautiful, atmospheric, surreal, tense, and horrifying. It's the kind of experience that will stick with you long after it's over."
76561198033058963,Recommended,304430,24299970,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SAUCIBOI SPAGETT,very gut
76561198042251139,Recommended,304430,24362097,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,dodgee_brummie,"Play this game! Play it right now! Takes everything good about LIMBO (no, you don't need to play that to ""get"" this) and makes it even more weird and wonderful. I had a blast playing this.  You will too."
,Recommended,304430,24247740,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Khaos,I am juast 'gaming' on my laptop right now so I prefer games that are not too graphics intensive and don't rely on split second timing. As a puzzle/platformer this game is great and hits that spot perfectly. It is a lot like Limbo and has a lot of 'Oh Wow' moments while playing. Totally recommended.
76561197970545091,Recommended,304430,24223407,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rockford,"Very simple to control platformer.Ooozes atmosphere, and the production quality is top notch.Fantastic game, but absolutely would not recommend for kids.Very dark."
76561198043937730,Recommended,304430,24256618,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Father Moosen,what?
76561198141085183,Recommended,304430,30931807,Posted: 3 April,all,Broseph21,This is the kind of game where you play it and almost instantly after want your friends and family to experience this masterpiece of a game!
,Recommended,304430,24164323,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TriggZ,I spilt my cereal playing this.
,Recommended,304430,24708684,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ftGander,Did you like Limbo? You'll love this.
76561198228420308,Recommended,304430,32274858,Posted: 8 June,all,Bosko caserandom.com,"It´s to expensive. Don´t get me wrong , it´s a great game. But the playtime is to short.WAIT FOR SALE"
,Recommended,304430,31041961,Posted: 9 April,all,Mittens,WTF did I just play
76561198025659076,Recommended,304430,24994707,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Simon,"I don't use the term masterpiece lightly.  In fact, there are only a handful of games where I'd even consider using it.  But this is certainly one of them.  The level of art, creativity and polish in this game is astounding.  Other superlatives I could use are breathtaking, astonishing, perfect and I could go on.  Do you get my drift?This game is visual storytelling at its finest.  It's an exploration of light and dark, but mostly dark since almost everything in this game happens in the shadows, and the lights are often dangerous.  It has a stark feeling with a subdued, almost black and white colour palette that emphasises the play on light and shadow.  Every frame of this game feels like a finely crafted black and white photo taken with a Leica film camera.The themes too are dark and it doesn't shy away from that.  The animations have a rawness and realness to them which is disturbing.  I don't recommend this for under 10-12 year olds as it's a little too dark and disturbing for young children.  If you like dark themes as I do however, then you will love this game.This is a game I'll return to often to experience true craftsmanship at the highest level.  It deserves as many BAFTAs as it's eligible for."
76561198002810540,Recommended,304430,24176739,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Drakeso,"Well worth the money, epic game. Loved LIMBO and loved this one even more!"
76561198116367924,Recommended,304430,24169169,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DaemonX_HUN,"First of all, sorry about my English. It isn't my native language, but I tried my best to wrote a good and understandable review.Intro:PlayDead's Limbo is one of the best videogames I've ever played (I completed nearly 600 games to this day). It was the game that showed to me (and to lot of others aswell) how good an independent and smaller game can be. Limbo had an amazing atmoshpere with an intelligent, layered, visual story-telling with a bit of symbolism, and had awesome puzzle and platforming sections... and a touching, cathartic ending.6 years after the release of the mentoined cult classic, PlayDead's new game finally arrived. Inside builds upon the foundation that made Limbo great, so there's a lot of similarities between the two games, but at the same time, they are completely different from each other.Story:While Limbo was a much more personal experience, Inside's story is more about the possible future's society, the importance of our consciousness, and it's a critics about today's brainwashed people too in a very interesting way - at least in my interpretation. If you seen The Matrix, Dark City, Abre los Ojos, Equilibrium, or any similar movies, you must be understand a little bit more what I'm talking about. This is one of the many aspects that make this game great: there's a lot of room for different interpretations about it's story.Art Design / Visual Style:The other important difference between the two games is the visual style. While both games have a very distinct art design, Inside has much more details, and a little bit more colors too compared to Limbo's black and white dominated landscape.  But maybe the most important change in terms of the visuals is the 2,5D nature of Inside. This thing alone makes the game's world much more alive - at least for me. There's a lot more things happening in the background, and it usually affects the gameplay too in an interesting way.Gameplay:Well, if I mentoined gameplay, I want to talk about that too. It's very fun and addictive, but it's definitely more straightforward this time, at least I didn't really stuck anywhere in the game. The puzzles - most of the time - were pretty easy to solve. On the other hand, it was a lot longer than Limbo, it took me 4 hours to finish it. (By the way, it hasn't got any achievements -maybe because the developers wanted you to play the game for the game, so you don't need to play attention to these distractions... they can break the immersion and the general focus sometimes.) My bad, it actually has achievements.Atmoshpere:The atmoshpere is top-notch, and not just because the excellent visual design. Very few artists can use silence in an effective way (few honorable mentions: Stanley Kubrick: various movies, Christopher Nolan: Interstellar - sorry, I'm a movie-freak too), but PlayDead can - they already proved it with Limbo, and they proved it again with Inside. There are very few sounds, or music through the game. But when they are playing, they are very, very effective.Verdict:If it wasn't obvious enough, it's a masterpiece. If you admit that gaming is an art form, and if you aren't a guy with an IQ of 70 or less, who socialized on commercial trash, like CTRL+C/CTRL+V repetitive open-world games, borefest grind-shooters, dumb Hollywood movies (made by the lowest common denominator kept in mind), or ""music"" loved by the mass - so in other words, if you are an intelligent human being, you are going to love this.A final advice:I think in order to really appreciate Inside, after you completed it, days need to past, and you need to think about it, what was this amazing journey is all about. Don't worry, this game makes you think anyway. Day by day, slowly you can realize the meaning of the story, and at the same time you can slowly understand the important messages and symbolism too."
76561198044277212,Not Recommended,304430,32369556,Posted: 12 June,all,Crazy Uncle Ducky,"The newest game from the makers of LIMBO, INSIDE fails in many ways to live up to the standards set by its predecessor.Pros:- Beautiful art and dark atmosphere. The art style is simple yet elegant, and the use of colours, such as the boy's red shirt or the bright orange flames of a torch, against a largely grey-scale background are striking and beautiful.- Sound design is excellent as well. Changes as simple as having your footsteps echo when entering a large room serve to improve the already impressive artistic atmosphere.Cons:- Confusing story. As the game begins you are given no context as to who you are or what you're doing, discovering very soon that you are being hunted. Gradually, you'll start piecing together the context of the game as it gives you more questions to consider. Unfortunately, many of these questions remain unanswered at the end of the game, and I have not yet come across an explanation for them that was not full of holes.- Incredibly unsatisfying ending(s). The ""normal"" ending is ambiguous and in my opinion a cheap way out of having to explain anything by leaving it up to the player's interpretation, and the ending itself is anticlimactic and feels incredibly disjointed from the pace set by the rest of the game.- Some puzzles rely on trying to time certain actions very carefully with a set of controls that don't always cooperate with you. It's frustrating when you know exactly how to solve a puzzle but still have to attempt it several times because rope or box mechanics are unreliable.- Some puzzles are simple enough but require lots of moving around which just serves to waste time. For example, one particular puzzle has you use an elevator to travel between 3 different floors, and having to sit through the animation every time you go up or down (and no, going from the 1st floor to the 3rd is not one animation, it is two) is frustrating. For such a short game, it would be a good idea to limit the time spent on unskippable animations, as it makes the game feel, for lack of a better word, bloated.- Adding onto that, some of the secrets (bonus objectives which also give you achievements) rely on very careful timing, and have ambiguous mechanics that lead to a lot of frustrating and unnecessary deaths (I'm looking at you, Pack Mentality).- No options for changing graphics quality. Come on, guys.Overall, I must say that INSIDE is an incredibly disappointing experience. Though it boasts a beautiful art style and gets off on the right foot, the clumsy mechanics, nonsensical plot, and anticlimatic ending (#2deep4me?) all pale in comparison to the standards set by its predecessor LIMBO. It you consider yourself a REALLY big fan of the genre, I would wait until the game gets heavily discounted before buying. Otherwise, just replay LIMBO, which hopefully won't disappoint you as INSIDE did me."
,Recommended,304430,24172400,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DonnieDauntless,"2-3 hours of gameplay. Creepy, fun, interesting, suspenseful. Didn't disappoint.No real ending from what i could discern, unless alternate endings are available, but decent.8/10"
,Recommended,304430,24172377,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bigglermon,I have been waiting in Limbo for this game. Now its here and In the few minutes I've played I am sucked into another world once more.
,Not Recommended,304430,29156801,Posted: 9 January,all,Golden,"I think it's safe to say I don't get it.I finished it, I understood what the ending meant, and I know that the actual plot was left vague so that everything could be left up to interpretation...but I just didn't enjoy it that much.Gameplay was decent, but the amount of times you die to things you would never see coming on a first playthrough is  insane. There were a few genuinely great puzzles, but they were often placed between long sections of walking back and forth, pulling boxes to things to climb other things, repeat ad nauseum.Stylized graphics were fantastic in the opening forest area, then took a dive and spent the rest of the game fluctuating from ""pretty good"" to ""low poly nightmare.""The dark tone is consistently solid and well done, even if does go a little off the rails at the end.I really wish there was a ""maybe"" option for recommendations. It's not terrible, but it's not great either. Honestly, I've never seen a game which is ""just ok"" get so much attention.I have heard that it's similar to Limbo, which I've never really played. So I guess if you liked Limbo, give it a shot."
76561198115642205,Not Recommended,304430,29415733,Posted: 21 January,all,BananaJuice,"Don't let the critiques overhype you about this game like it did for me !The game didn't deliver as much as its critiques say. This game wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either.. It was just okay and in my opinion, way too overrated which might ruin the game for you. So here's my bit of negativity !The puzzles weren't much challenging and often placed in large areas where you need to do a lot of walking which becomes annoying when used to fast-paced games. The puzzle also lacked of anything original and felt repetitive in a way. There were few good ones.The environment was dark, very detailed and atmospheric throughout most of the gameplay. It's best part of the game. I feel tough all this work done is wasted as it lacks actual interaction. Its a 2D game that doesn't feel nor look like one, which feels restricting in a way.The story didn't catch me. It's intriguing at first but it becomes confusing. It also ends without answers and leaves you wondering the many possibilities of what it could mean, which is something I personally dislike."
,Recommended,304430,24236753,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Inside is one of the best video game experiences I have ever had.  As far as I am concerned, it is absolutely flawless.I enjoyed Play Dead's previous title Limbo, however in my mind it wasn't as perfected.  It was incredibly atmospheric and beautiful, but I felt the pacing was a bit too long as well as repetetive in parts.  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely adore Limbo and it really kickstarted the ""indie"" gaming movement and is a classic.  Anyways, back to Inside.  Actually, before I say anything about Inside I need to talk about another short 20ish dollar title which many people really enjoyed.Firewatch.  So I was MASSIVELY disappointed with that game.  I am all for games that rely on imagination and the preconceptions of the player, HOWEVER the FW ending to me felt unbelievably forced leaving virtually no room for interpretation at the end.  See, Inside doesn't have a perfect ending with a bow wrapped around it.  It leaves the story and the impact it has on the player, well, up to the player!  This is why I absolutely adored it.  There are already a RIDICULOUS amount of interpretations from the game that have popped up online.  As others have suggested I HIGHLY recommend every player finds the alternate ending as well, it adds some very interesting elements.Aesthetically the game is stunning, with this bleak artstyle that is hauntingly beautiful.   The animation is some of the smoothest I have ever seen and the particle effects are outstanding.  The visuals always conjure up feelings of unease and can at times be quite disturbing.  I am at a time in my life where I work and go to college and don't have alot of time (or frankly the will power) to get immersed in a massive game.  That being said, I completed this game twice in one sitting.  I fell in love.The gameplay I feel is where this game ticked all the right boxes for me.  This is very much a visual narrative, similar to Limbo.  However, the puzzles are much easier and don't require a whole lot of trial and error.  I believe this was very much intentional because of the length of Limbo.  I was also amazed at the pacing of the title.  It clocks in at around 3 hours but it felt like 30 minutes.  Along the way there are certain simple mechanics that are introduced.  If this were any other game made by another studio the developers would have abused said mechanic to ""pad"" the game.  Each new ""shtick"" is introduced once and used, only once.  This was utterly refreshing to me.What will make or break this game for you is what you desire out of a title.  Do you want a solid story with a satisfying conclusion?  If so, I suggest you wait for a sale as you will be disappointed.  However, if you want something truly unique and thought provoking I highly recommend you give Inside a shot.  Whatever you do, DO NOT watch any videos or read anything about it.  The story goes some truly fantastic ways that I do not believe should be spoiled for anyone."
76561198037081715,Recommended,304430,28398846,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,theetompster,Wow.  Quite frankly one of the best games I've ever played.  Perfection.
,Recommended,304430,29598354,Posted: 30 January,all,grimdar,"It's hard to find words for this game. It seems so simple, but it pulled me through a symphony of emotions.- The game design, along with the puzzles, are superbly done. Multi-layered and rich. It's not just a puzzle platformer, it makes you think philosophically- The art direction is unbelievable. With such a limited color palette and basically no textures, I found myself gazing in awe at every room/area. The atmosphere is heavy, the animation is top class. Smooth, fluid, layered.. just impeccable. I've been an Art Director in the gaming industry for almost 8 years now. These guys have nailed it for what they were trying to convey.. and that is typically very difficult to do for a game studio. They must run a very tight team and crew.I absolutely can't wait for another game from Playdead. These folks can make a game that has lasting memories."
,Recommended,304430,24187931,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LivingTrash,It's hard to write a review after playing a game so breath taking.
,Not Recommended,304430,29060242,Posted: 6 January,all,Lithium,"Maybe I missed something, but it felt incredibly short and had a very anti-climatic ending. Limbo was much better."
,Recommended,304430,30131266,Posted: 23 February,all,david3x3x3,One of the best games I've played recently.
76561198201727628,Recommended,304430,33614426,Posted: 17 July,all,#OVERWATCH,IDK WTH I JUST PLAYEDIM GONNA REMEMBER IT FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE
,Recommended,304430,24695523,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Abuki,"Indie game with AAA production values. Great storytelling, movie-like camera movement, and composition. Excellent and surprising in so many aspects."
,Recommended,304430,31048411,Posted: 9 April,all,Kronberg,"Full Game Walkthrough with Review:https://youtu.be/-vJR_FiXVaUText Review:+ (STORY) Without text or talk, you'll have to use yourimaginationto form the story through this game, wich without doubt makes an unique and well made story!+ (GRAPHICS) The stunning atmosphere comes from the very beautiful world you run through, its filled with mystique and untold stories, they just keep surprising you with the amazing looking world they have created.+ (CONTROLS) The mechanics of the games is working smoothly and you'll almost get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you pull a lever in this game.+ (SOUND) Not to forget, the sound effects is just stunning!This game is WORTH it."
,Not Recommended,304430,33541292,Posted: 14 July,all,TARS,"I don't really understand why Inside got all the acclaim it did, its essentially just a colorised version of Limbo and despite the fact that I loved Limbo I'm not really a fan of calling a game ground breaking when its essentially just a slightly improved version of a previous game. I can't honestly recommend this game due to its price, short length and striking similarity to Limbo. I'd honestly recommend saving your money and buying Limbo if you haven't yet or just replaying it, its essentially the same game from the same developer.You can find the full review over here:http://thelpq.blogspot.com/2017/04/inside.html"
76561198013102971,Recommended,304430,24287349,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Snare,GG
,Recommended,304430,30241619,Posted: 28 February,all,hidersnake,I'm now terrified of water in-doors.
,Recommended,304430,24699854,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,"Well Well Well a game that got me hooked on it until I ended it wow, it’s been a long time since I hade that felling to be obsessed about a game ,loved the game it was interesting , weird & annoying, I ended the game then I went back to collect all the orbs to unlock the hidden secrets and the alternate ending that’s how hooked I was with it (I Went Back) but both ending sucked A$$ (I will not spoil it) ... but there is no satisfaction with the endings only ,everything else is just perfect the puzzles ware great the suspense was amazing the story was weird as hell I still don’t know what the F@&K is going on but it was very enjoyable lol.I give this game 9 out 10 because the ending sucked A$$ but I do recommend it, enjoy your day .I will upload my gameplay for this game on my YouTube Channel (Hovacone) this is the link check it out :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlKagMd5IBk&index=1&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mVxQtdgzBsB3eLYjDn87vRIP.s: I have unlocked all the game achievement’s 100% now that’s an addiction to this game ;)"
76561198053233446,Not Recommended,304430,24493665,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NIL8,Amazing art. Decent puzzles. 20 dollars for approximately 2 hours of gameplay. Zero replay value.
76561198303803686,Not Recommended,304430,24305669,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Q1,"You might get four hours out of this game if you take your time with it and then it just ends in the dumbest way possible. If the attempt here was to be edgy and provacative and do something unexpected, they failed, and instead created an extremely short puzzle game with no replayability.For those that argue that the fact that nothing is explained, particularly the ending, is to leave it ""up to the player to make their own determination"", that requires something to work with and in the case of this game it just feels more like they themselves didn't know what was going on so they just ended it."
,Not Recommended,304430,29697928,Posted: 4 February,all,boog,this game makes you think it will have a cool ending but then the ending isnt good
,Not Recommended,304430,24762271,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Emotive Stasis Accelerant,"Inside is being called “Super Limbo” by a pretty large portion of the gaming community, and that’s not an unfair claim. It shares many of the mechanics of Limbo: environmental puzzles, loose and simple platforming, and a protagonist who’s constantly at odds with the gloomy, depressing world around him. Inside is extremely similar to Playdead’s past hit, and that ends up working to its deficit just as much as to its advantage.Inside’s focus on authoritarian industrial complexes hits the right notes, holding strong comparisons to the sinister conglomerate puppetmasters of games like Oddworld. When you have a searchlight hovering above, simply waiting for you to screw up and reveal yourself to them, it’s strikingly intense. Inside is at its best when it makes you feel watched, making you sweat bullets and succumb to an environment drenched in surveillance and suffocating order. Sadly, this feeling wanes considerably in the second half, which awkwardly shifts to much less interesting level construction.Limbo suffered from its pacing about halfway through its brief length. Once you moved past the forests and got into the factories and giant machines, the puzzles began to lose their luster. Inside is no different: its Achilles heel is also its pacing. The transitions between setpieces are jarring and awkward: nothing in Inside appears where it is for any discernable reason. You’ll move from a warehouse to an underwater section within minutes, but why? In fairness, Limbo had this same problem, but Inside is supposed to be an evolution of Limbo’s design. This should’ve been a lesson learned.And that comparison is the biggest issue with Inside: it’s just more Limbo. It’s a hesitant evolution of Limbo’s mechanics instead of a grandiose one. Mechanics are near identical, many of the time-based trigger puzzles and platforming segments are ripped right from Limbo’s book. There are so many retread steps in Inside and that’s not something that should be happening after Playdead set the world on fire with their previous game. And the moments where Inside DOES do something new are just not that good. The underwater sections are absolutely terrible; they’re slow, drawn out, and uninteresting. The puzzles where you mind control a group of humanoid characters aren’t plentiful, despite their exceptional design. Inside is too much like its predecessor to provide the spark that it goes for, and it simply ends up looking like spinning wheels instead of a tuned ride.Inside lacks a lot of the artistic nuance of Limbo, with a character design that lacks the mesmerizing eeriness of Limbo’s. The graphic design in general doesn’t have that shadowy pop as its predecessor’s, and while I have to praise the excellent weather effects and lighting, Inside just doesn’t look as artistic as Limbo. The grayness wears on you in the second half, which sticks to sterile indoor sections. Much like Limbo, Inside’s graphics show their best cards early, with the woods, fields, and farms entrancing so much more than the dullness seen in the later half.Inside costs $20 US, and for an adventure that’s barely a few hours long, that’s pretty inexcusable. While the secret items and rather intriguing hidden ending do offer some curiosity, I simply cannot recommend Inside at the current asking price. It’s too short to really evolve its mechanics and ends up as a style-over-substance case, letting its atmosphere and hidden meaning crux up its simple gameplay, and when you’re charging that much for a product, that’s just not enough.Inside is Limbo in all but name. Aside from some brief moments of curiosity like moving humanoids to solve puzzles, there is nothing in Inside that couldn’t have been accomplished in Limbo. Playdead stuck to their guns in Inside, for better or for worse. While Inside does retain many of the better elements of Limbo (and in some cases, refining them), it also retains many of the worse ones. Its inability to earn its own identity ends up making Inside feel like more of the same. If you loved Limbo, you’ll love Inside, but I’d still recommend waiting on a price drop before picking up this indie journey and diving in.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2e6F1_r6lLQ"
76561198018329330,Not Recommended,304430,28504058,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Primal Fear,"After my my first rage implied review bacause of the feeling I wasted a not quite small amount of money for this game I'm now going give this a second fair review after looking through calm eyes and watching a Let's Play of it until the part to where I have played to myself. Unfortunately that just opened my eyes to even more bad things and I still didn't find anything good.Most of the time in this game I was totally bored. The puzzle parts that don't directly kill you every time you make something wrong are too easy, there is no real mind challenge. The calmness and the abscence of actual music (only like sounscapes) is causing me like a soporific feeling in these none action areas. The only game that made me more sleepy was Coma: Mortuary, but luckily that came with a price that would be a fair one for Inside too.The only moments that pulled me out of that boredom, unfortunately just with annoyance, were the situations were the game chased me into certain death to tell me that I should have doing something different here  just that it is already to late now to change anything about that. Something like that is just a clear indictment for bad gamedesign, as in a platformer you should have at least the theoretical chance to react in time so that can be called ""difficulty level"".And that brings me to my next point, the dying or rather killing animations. They are too realistic, too brutal, too detailed and too lenghty for a platformer, I simply don't want to have to see that again an again. From normally in platformer games I would expect to be able to step back into gamplay asap after a really brief animation and not having to ♥♥♥♥ myself up about having to see that gruesome♥♥♥♥♥♥again. But no, Playdead has to torture their customers.Sidenote: These last two were the the only critic points in my first review, even though not so thoroughly formulated.Everybody talks about impressive graphics and a great story, well the monotonous graphics (yet compared to Limbo or Monochroma) did just add for me to the soporific feeling and I don't see a story at all in this game. Yesit somewhat reflects our real world/the system we live in/a likely future, but I don't need a game for telling me about these problems and I certainly don't find that creative.I got it for 13,49€ and I regretted to have paid that much money in a way I never did before if it comes to video games. And I even regret even more having made the decision (thinking about it for eleven days), after playing it for 1.6 hours and absolutely not liking it, to give Inside another chance instead of asking for a refund because so many people claim to so absolutely love everthing about this game. My impression of it is just like, ""Lets take everything that was bad about Limbo and multiply it for our new game""."
76561198036935996,Not Recommended,304430,29908893,Posted: 13 February,all,"Approximately 64,695 Shark Fins","Definitely not worth the price and a rather uninspired ending. The game raises a lot of intiguing details about the world but doesn't really explore the questions it raises. I'm not saying a game has to whack me over the head with it's storyline, I'm all for show don't tell, but this game barely shows at all. Might be worth $5-10 but definitely not 20."
,Not Recommended,304430,31716096,Posted: 12 May,all,The Lewtz,"REALLY glad I got this in some bundle. I almost bought it multiple times, but boy am I glad I didn't.Other than art style and atmosphere... this game is just boring, tedious, and unimpressive.First 15-20mins...  This is neat, interesting.. let's see where it goes.Everything from 20min up until the last 10-15mins.....  Jesus when will this end?Last 10-15min...HAHA neat.Ending... Really?  That's It?  @##FE@#@#$%SDSDKnow what this game is like.... that Netflix Show OA.  Honestly, that's how I felt at the end.Like I had wasted my time.  But hey, not I can make sure to say, yep... played it... nope, not impressed.Honestly the middle was just tediously long.  The repeating and running back and for.. and the tedious ""puzzles"", none of which were really puzzly... they just felt forced.  I think the game would have been better off with no ""puzzles"" and just letting you do the run/ jump. part.. back and forth.. that's it.  Could have shortened it up, told the exact same contrived story, in half the time.TL:DRGood:  Art, Atmosphere.  SoundBad:  Everything else.... story, gameplay, puzzles, etc"
,Not Recommended,304430,34094406,Posted: 7 August,all,budder,The first 80% is boring. The last 20% is just strange.
76561198011828738,Not Recommended,304430,30965793,Posted: 5 April,all,sockgnomed,"The game is short and the puzzles are lame and easy.  Limbo at least had me scratching my head or getting stuck occasionally.  Aside from a few areas that were kinda neat, most of the game is just the same crap over and over.I wouldn't pay more than a couple bucks for this.  I've downloaded free games that were more entertaining.I'll certainly never get the time I wasted on this back."
,Not Recommended,304430,32370504,Posted: 12 June,all,HUAMOT,Limbo was good; This is not.
,Not Recommended,304430,31867373,Posted: 20 May,all,Zur13,One word: booooooring!I was so bored that at some point in the middle of the game I thought why I torment myself with this boring gameplay. After almost an hour of play there was no puzzle that required even minimal effort to solve. Some letters in simple hideouts? I regret that I believed reviews about tricky puzzles and other cool stuff.
76561197977314227,Not Recommended,304430,28665123,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GRAPE,"A copy of Limbo that has a very short playtime with many puzzles that are less fun and dynamic than it's predecessor. I played the game till the submarine part, got a refund and then watched the walkthrough on youtube. Overall the environments are unremarkable, the puzzles are easy and tedious, and the story is non-existent. Some postive aspects of Inside are that the animations are fantastic, the attention to details is impressive, and the character controls are good."
,Not Recommended,304430,28644232,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,macskeptic,"essentially a ""hold forward simulator"", a complete waste of 3 hours of my time"
,Recommended,304430,24731219,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,OMG! thats amazing
,Recommended,304430,33154599,Posted: 2 July,all,sivajimsingh,Great game. Was longer than I expected it to be.9/10
76561197974793790,Not Recommended,304430,28814347,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YotsuMD,"It's Limbo 2.0, basically. More polished, shinier, darker, yet samey and more pretentious than a french art movie. As far as I can tell, it's a story about classism this time, and not about dead boys in purgatory. The style is neat, but the puzzles are barely an obstacle, in this neverending journey to the right, which takes about 3-4 hours to complete. It didn't feel rewarding to complete, and the ""intentionally obscure"" angle felt like a cop out in order to make a dark game without explaining anything. Buy it on sale or something."
76561197989073833,Not Recommended,304430,25278438,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Foxaramar,"Lovely concepts, and very atmosheric. Shame the ending is total nonsense, and the creators lost all faith in their own idea, and in the intelligence of their players. Seems so clever and poinient at the start, but the game makers show themselves to be creatively bankrupt by the end hour. They may as well have given the player a giant screen with a middle finger on it. Very disapointed."
,Recommended,304430,24192487,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SpinCrash,Limbo was incredible. This is better.
,Not Recommended,304430,28904496,Posted: 1 January,all,Cinnamon,"Spoiler-free review.TL;DR not a satisfying game. Play LIMBO instead.So going into this game I was very excited because LIMBO, developed by the same people, is one of my favourite games of all time. I knew I wanted to experience another game like this. So:Pros:In a technical way, this game was beautifully designed. Graphics were incredible, sound design was incredible. Music was more part of sound design and didn't really perform a music function, but it added to the experience in a really impressive way. Gameplay was smooth and I enjoyed the puzzles.Cons:The entire game leads you through and you have an expectation of having answers at the end of the game to all the questions you wanted answered. There were so many cool and interesting things. Why was this happening? Why was that happening? What are they doing here? But at the end, you don't get answers to any of those questions. Instead, you get a kind of confusing non-ending that doesn't answer any questions at all.In all I found it really not satisfying overall. The gameplay, atmosphere and general experience seemed great and so well-polished, but the overall result? Bleh. If there had been an ending that made sense of what you'd just played through, I would have been happy with this.So in all, don't bother with INSIDE. Play LIMBO instead."
,Not Recommended,304430,28883870,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kalthios,"Beautiful visuals and sound that builds an immersive atmosphere but fails to deliver a story.The story begins in media res. As you play you learn about the setting but there is no exposition about how you got where you are or even who you are. The conclusion lacks any revelations of what is going on, who is who, or what is what. There is a middle of a story, but it lacks a beginning and an ending.What is there to push a story is simply handwaving, creating an illusion of there being more to the story than their really is. There just isn't enough content to draw any objective conclusions. The player is left guessing.At the end of my three hours of playing the game I was left wondering if it was actually over, Just suddenly I couldn't move any more, no idea why, and then the credits rolled. Not a satisfying conclusion.While the gameplay was fun and I enjoyed exploring the setting, the game just ends too abruptly without enough of a story for me to recommend: it is one-third of the game it should be, missing a beginning and an end. The game uses edginess and cliche to hide the fact that it simply does not have a complete story."
,Recommended,304430,30948968,Posted: 4 April,all,γυɴɡооɴ,ur moms ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961517049,Not Recommended,304430,28622953,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The_Rapt0R,"Meh, played it through in like 3 hours. Watched the ""secret"" ending on tube.While I like the atmoshphere, immersion and sound design, I must say, I didn't get it. It's a nice linear jump 'n run, very easy and surely fun for one play-through, but in the end, what is it supposed to be about? What consequences for that world did the boys' actions have? How would the story continue after the ending?What is ""the message""?Overall, I'd describe it as an interactive short story. ""Short"" also meaning literally short, as there isn't much depth to the story.I won't say I wasted money, but also, buy only if you want to support indie game devs. I would expect much from the game itself."
,Not Recommended,304430,28966617,Posted: 2 January,all,Donkey Weekend,"its limbo, but better. limbo still sucks and so does this"
,Recommended,304430,24587484,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Pity Pit,The most perfect thing ever made holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it was so polished
76561198042120701,Recommended,304430,24179793,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,l.,"what the ♥♥♥♥ just happenedits good btw, really good."
76561198250544344,Recommended,304430,24173308,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,VarChar,"Limbo is one of the greatest puzzle/platformers of all time, yet Inside, its spiritual sucessor, manages to surpass it.You're a boy fleeing from some misterious perils in the heart of a forest.You must use everything available in the environment to either hide or escape from whatever's hunting you. As you progress in your journey, you begin to realize what happened in the world, and why they're after you.Pros:+ Sophisticated puzzle mechanics.+ Impecable puzzle design.+ Amazing visuals.+ Rich backstory supported by a subtle narrative.+ Challenging action/platformer sequences.Cons:- Too short (3 hours).Stop reading and start playing.If you're still not convinced, check out my playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgHU4eRLTOI"
,Not Recommended,304430,28711354,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Captain Internet,"Not my cup of tea. Some simplistic trial-and-error puzzles mashed together with pointless brutality towards a small child.I can see why people enjoyed it. The animation and sound is lovely, and there's some nice art (although there's a very heavy debt to Portal 2 in places). For me, however, it's mostly just dull, repetitive and unpleasant."
76561198074632190,Recommended,304430,24176218,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ShadDaMan,Art.
76561198312709436,Recommended,304430,24308070,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BrownEyedGirl81,good game while it lasted
,Recommended,304430,32434483,Posted: 15 June,all,me llamo carlito,wow
,Recommended,304430,32363753,Posted: 12 June,all,Migi,Nice.
76561198032063888,Recommended,304430,32362896,Posted: 12 June,all,GhillieDogge,Amazing!
,Recommended,304430,24171430,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,cSynapse,Enjoyed every single moment of it. Wish I could play it blind again.
,Recommended,304430,24171100,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Snugglepuff 💘,Aesthetically pleasing in both audio and visual.A very well made and long awaited successor to Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,24304885,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lil Pump,Kawaiii
76561198044802687,Not Recommended,304430,35130080,Posted: 22 September,all,Towe1ie,"Aside from excellent atmosphere, game is really boring. Puzzles are way to generic, easy, with way to much walking around, pressing buttons, pushing boxes etc. Limbo was much more challenging."
,Recommended,304430,24190592,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,304430,24164240,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Anas Peerzada,"If you feel like you don't have brains, play this game.(There are times in this game where my review can get literal ;) )"
,Recommended,304430,24167606,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Prinz Kasper,"Am Confused, would confuse again."
,Recommended,304430,29326654,Posted: 17 January,all,Lars Ohly 1337,A god damn masterpiece.
,Recommended,304430,30957631,Posted: 5 April,all,Vaalvehl3,"If you have access to money and a working brain, buy this game."
,Recommended,304430,24193194,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Saint Satan,"It's a decent game.  I'm guessing 90% of the people that are interested in this played LIMBO so you know what to expect gameplay wise.  The main problem I have is with the ""story"".  It's just a bunch of random♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown together.  The ending was pretty cool at least."
76561198123379944,Not Recommended,304430,31302972,Posted: 22 April,all,Lamanite,"I have no idea why this game has such good ratings. The game was slow and boring, and the puzzles were dull. Sure, the game looks neat, but aesthetics can only entertain someone for so long befre the game gets really repetitive and dull."
,Recommended,304430,24415533,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TOMKHAN,Nice game. Maybe not worth the money (20E) for a game so short without a story. But nice visuals and art style. Would maybe buy again if time travel were possible.
,Recommended,304430,24215200,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,IDNLW,"I don't get it, but it' cool, but i don't get"
76561198113610816,Recommended,304430,24171281,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ozzysfang,"47 min, into INSIDE and loving it. more later."
,Recommended,304430,24234674,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Banderwalk,"If a 4-hour masterpiece is worth $20 to you, buy this game. It will make more of an impact in 4 hours than most games will in 500.Pros:-Story like Shyamalan and Cronenberg made the best movie of their careers.-Beautiful, disturbing setting and sound-Very tight, simple gameplay-Varied, logical puzzles-Might haunt your dreamsCons:-Short (~4 hours)-Can complete everything (all achievements etc) in <10 hours.But, for a single-player game these are not really cons to me, and I still intend to replay the game several times just for the experience.If you're interested in the game, I would recommend watchinga playthroughof the first 5-10 minutes, I think you'll be hooked.10/10 Would be horrified again."
,Recommended,304430,24172422,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NeighBuR:>,Mind blowingly amazing experience.
76561198024301834,Recommended,304430,28794923,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheronGodspeed,"Too Short. $hit Ending (both of them). But, I thoroughly enjoyed it, until it was over. I guess they ""left me wanting more,"" which is good, but I'm not sure they ever gave me enough to justify the price (even on sale). The storytelling just wasn't very well done. We don't learn enough based on our (the boy's) efforts to learn them. Ironically, OUR (the player's) efforts are very minimal. The game is just way too easy.Ugh. But somehow, I still give it a thumbs up...but barely. And, I almost don't know why."
,Recommended,304430,24514742,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,nintendude794,"(Contains no spoilers.)I merely liked it at first. Enjoyment. I love it more the longer I play, but also have more downtime to wince at the weaknesses. Both come and go in waves.Some performance issues, such as slight framerate dips. The sound (albeit well designed otherwise) is all over the place, and far too quiet overall. I also had to crank up the brightness in-game while playing, on both my Macbook screen and my external monitor.The puzzles are usually more time-consuming and unforgiving than genuinely difficult or actually challenging. (Perhaps like Ocarina Of Time, among many others, in this sense.) Occasionally it might ""make you feel like a genius"" but it seems more interested in making you feel like its creators are geniuses. LIMBO didn't have this exact problem; LIMBO might've been worse in this regard, since its puzzles are probably even more obtuse on average.Might've been overhyped for me. More intricate and grand in scale and scope than LIMBO, it seems. (And with some subtle winks and nods and references too.) But I'm not sure whether I'd call INSIDE ""better"" either. INSIDE is effectively ""Super LIMBO!"" or ""Limbo X"".First game I've bought brand-new full-price in years. ($20 in this case, but still. For me and my budget, even Humble Bundles are considered splurges...) I don't regret it yet.I sound harsh on it, but it's truly rather above average in matters of execution. As far as I can tell, this developer deserves your money. We need more games like this."
,Recommended,304430,24170560,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,vex,"As I'm writing this, I'm still absolutely astonished that Playdead have done it again. I finished this 5 minutes ago and I can tell you they've done something quite different to their previous outing; Limbo. But in terms of quality, the bar has very much been met.As I mentioned in my Limbo review, they strip their gaming experience of complex story telling, of vibrancy and hope, opting to focus entirely on the puzzle element which they then drench in a gloomy, spine tingling atmosphere.Inside goes against the grain on this one. It's not as technically complex nor puzzle focused as I feel Limbo was, it has more story, more meaning surrounding your journey throughout the game. The focus of Limbo was the synopsis. Find your sister. End of story. Inside offers something different, it's not a case of 'what's going to kill me next', it's a series of drawn breaths as you stumble upon new intrigue, as the mystery of your world unravels, and before you know it, changes to something completely different again. Inside is definitely worth a go and I believe the ending will completely flatten whatever expectations you have. It's a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,304430,24544485,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,dewie! [wi],seriously a masterpiece. one of those games that transcend genres.limbo fans will also find this very enjoyable10/10
76561198123360100,Recommended,304430,30115216,Posted: 23 February,all,BubberDucky,I like
,Recommended,304430,24227406,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Greg,WTF did i just play??! But in a good way.
76561198062866715,Recommended,304430,24229087,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,rehkirsch,Just stop whining about the price and the few hours it takes you to finish the game - just f'in buy it. It's perfect. Thank you.
,Recommended,304430,30700373,Posted: 24 March,all,FockinUppity,Oh baby this game speaaaaaaaaaaks to me
,Recommended,304430,30719194,Posted: 24 March,all,Cheddardust,One Hell of a Ride.
76561198158589614,Recommended,304430,30720944,Posted: 25 March,all,Oraculus,"(Ignore the hours played, i played this entirely offline)So i got this game on a chance .... great reviews so why not?!I was addicted within the first few minutes.This limp little faceless kid has a story to tell and oh boy does he tell it. There is so much going on behind the focus here its incredible. I found myself forced to drive on and find all the hidden gems.This game is great. Surprisingly emotional and a challenge i wasnt expecting. Leaves you with questions you never saw coming. 4-6 hours of game play the first time. But there is more to do and an alternate ending to hunt down.Recommended?!?!    Without a doubt.10/10Would control minds again."
76561197967189373,Recommended,304430,30720256,Posted: 24 March,all,Sly Thai,we need more games like this!
76561197995726375,Recommended,304430,30729268,Posted: 25 March,all,[SLOW]ner Jolly,"Slow paced, easy puzzle, atmospheric and marvelous.Simly loved this game and its 4 button system (which differently works).Mody from start to the end, and even has some twists and gameconcepts rarely seenTotaly worth it! Enjoy and GG"
76561197967283870,Recommended,304430,30735245,Posted: 25 March,all,TRipP!N BA||S,"Cool game! Didn't take long to finish though (under 2 hours). Then tried to beat my time by playing again but lost interest..Some puzzles were very cleverly constructed, some not at all. The ambiance was super cool and dark but I was left scratching my head at the bizzarely unsatisfying ending (imo) to the story as it was the least inspired part of the entire game.Overall not bad but this is likely a 1 time play for me, so I am very disapointed that I paid full price (missed the sale price by a day!)."
,Recommended,304430,25817034,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,deskboard,"Brialliant, flawless entertainment."
,Recommended,304430,30719757,Posted: 24 March,all,Nasigil,"Memorable experience, but really too short."
76561198259036495,Recommended,304430,24740888,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Davim832000,A very good indie game.
,Recommended,304430,24740187,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ricardo Raffaello,"It's epic,"
,Recommended,304430,24743612,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,GS,Very good game.
,Recommended,304430,24166919,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DeliciousButthurt,"A brilliantly executed masterwork drawn in a single, continous line, ""INSIDE"" condenses so much of what can be said of mindless social conformity and the perils of individuality into a simple, powerfully memorable experience that, in a better world, would be as much an educational requirement as reading fundamental Orwell."
,Recommended,304430,24916297,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JDPoZ,"Dark, stylish, strange, and has a major left turn it makes in the last 1/3 that will have your head spinning.Don't bother with doing all the work it takes to get the secret ending. Definitely has some implications, but is very simple and short considering all the extra effort to get it. Just YouTube that part and enjoys some of the great theories it brings up regarding the nature of the game and what it meant to play it."
76561198178054177,Recommended,304430,25169559,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,fuzzmonkay,10\10 would become meat sack again
,Recommended,304430,24885520,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Voodoo Dragon,"This is a gem, one of those games that I inadvertently start thinking about again and again. It takes you on a beautiful journey and I would say it's a masterpiece in its genre. With an aesthetic that looks similar to something we've seen before, it still manages to add an extra bit of ""quality"" that sets it apart from most other games. It's an experience that shouldn't be missed."
76561198023524039,Recommended,304430,24808929,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,εϻεττ,"Great game, although the price is a bit steep."
76561198179412423,Recommended,304430,25172539,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ramtin_h97,This game is actually pretty interesting. Requires thinking and the puzzles are fun and not too hard to solve. I would definitly recommned this game to other people due to its unique play style. The perfect sounding makes this game 10 times more enjoyable.
76561198261758447,Recommended,304430,24453863,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,量子玫瑰,"Abosulotely it is an excellent game that contains brillant background music,frames as well as deep thoughts which are easy to search for but hard to comprehend.Why would people kill the boy when he is only a boy but helped him when he transformed to a monster?Is the fear the only reason?Why would the zombies(you know who they are)follow the boy at the beginning but swallowed him in the end?the little boy ,in my opinion,is our initial pure soul,which attempts to avoid been polluted by the complex and dark society but failed.And the consequence of revolt,is a monster.Of course its only my opinion and there is certainly much different comprehension which is waiting for you to look for.This game is called INSIDE,and i believe that everybody's inside is different."
76561198225326356,Recommended,304430,24452045,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TuniTheSwan,"Good game, thought Limbo was slighty better but overall i had fun and would def recommened this."
,Recommended,304430,24510462,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CthulhuBear,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198040073015,Recommended,304430,24505882,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MrEngly,"as LIMBO fan, this game is awesomeworth 20$ in my opinion"
,Recommended,304430,24535577,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Moby,Loved this game. Very creative and mysterious.
,Not Recommended,304430,24406038,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,"What did you mean, da Vinci?","i had a hazy notion of what the game is about back before i bought it, but now that i'm through i say you give it a wide berth unless the price drops a tad or some friend agrees to chip in. i bet the game triggered a massive response because of its designer thumbnail but other than that i feel like it has nothing to offer at all. it's largely confined to holding down the right arrow key and an occassional about-face while knocking about some labs or a dull countryside. though i liked some of its atmosphere and how everything feels as creepy as it can get, and i would sometime during the playtime ask myself questions along the lines of 'oh wow, am i actually penetrating enemy lines wow?? or could I be escaping? interesting!' but then when i stumbled into a somewhat more demanding encounter i got sick with the vagueness  the plot is served with; yeah, maybe after all the devs couldn't be arsed coming up a with a decent plot and ended up pulling off a good old 'YOU INVENT YOUR OWN PLOT' scheme. the game isn't entirely as bad as i might've (un)intentionally picture it, but for all i know the price is a crime in a broad daylight. steer clear. for now."
,Not Recommended,304430,24567833,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DeadAtTheScene,"I was a big fan of Limbo but I feel like this game doesn't do much different. It is eerie, odd, and uncomfortable and it makes for a really strange and beautiful game. The puzzles and platforming seems to be pretty average and I was extrodinarily bored after 2 hours. The deaths and the struggle are interesting in the same way Limbo was, but it quickly gets overshadowed. Maybe I'm stupid, but after getting stuck on one puzzle, I didn't feel like continuing any further. Nothing drove me to finish the game. I'm likely in the minority, but I'm disappointed by the game overall and would have preferred a lower pricepoint for this experience."
,Not Recommended,304430,24599469,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,:*,"Don't get me wrong the game is fine, I just think that $20 for something this short isn't warranted.   Pick this up if you like/are interested in puzzle games with light amounts of platforming.  Although it is on the easier side it still is pretty neat as a game, I just wish there was more content and harder puzzles.  If you played limbo before and liked it you will most likely enjoy this game."
76561198003403321,Not Recommended,304430,24639847,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,mstawick,"Too short, too easy, too expensive. Otherwise nicely done. Wait until some steam sale, but don't pay more then 5euro. Seriously feels like I played some demo version."
,Not Recommended,304430,24853711,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rohit,Good atmospheric platformer but the super short gameplay and vague story is not worth the money at all.
,Recommended,304430,24999854,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,KingsCake,"If you Liked Limbo this game is right up your alley; amazing experience!The only con is how short it is, you can beat it comfortably in 3 hours."
76561198028145158,Recommended,304430,24996017,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MaxHoemilian,"Creepy, Intriguing, and overall Beautiful.  Inside is a great successor to Limbo.  Loved it.  I wanted it to be longer but when a game is good it's rarely long enough. Very worth the $20."
76561198205592391,Recommended,304430,24991389,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Babu_Bhatt,Excellent game.
76561198190786343,Recommended,304430,24971227,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,wheytogollc,I wanted closure!!!!!!!!!!!  Loved everything else though.
76561198041142544,Recommended,304430,24967587,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Reverbed,Playdead has done it again! ... except slightly weirder this time.
76561197970318146,Recommended,304430,24985018,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CaptnEvilStomper,"this game takes about 2-3 hours to finish. you might think that it's a bit short for the price tag and i won't argue because it is true.that being said, this is one of the best game i've ever played.if you liked LIMBO, you will absolutely love INSIDE.INSIDE is amazingGet INSIDE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561197972718105,Recommended,304430,24990338,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,pinkGrendel,Fantastic animation and gameplay.Be warned the ending is cryptic to say the least.
76561198257823820,Recommended,304430,24994196,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,76561198257823820,MASTERPIECE!
,Recommended,304430,24990594,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,lusidity,"So, wow. I don't even know what to say. This game was one of the most beautiful puzzle platformers I've ever played, and that is saying a lot considering how much I loved Limbo. Everything is so well done and so perfectly executed that I can't begin to imagine the amount of polishing they did to get this final product.And seriously... the last 15 minutes of this game will just make your jaw drop. I have no idea how they came up with something so awesome and actually made it work in a game engine so seamlessly. Absolutely a masterpiece."
76561198067922875,Recommended,304430,24291949,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AfterShave,"Pretty good, would recommend."
,Recommended,304430,24201064,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Oxcorp,"This is now my all-time favourite game. though It's hard to define it as a game because it's equal parts game and animated movie in the feel of it all. INSIDE has the best animation and visuals I've ever seen in a game and it constantly wows you as you play it. The game starts off a lot like LIMBO and plays very similarly but holy crap does this game look good and I have no idea how they managed to do all of the transitional animations. The game gets super super weird and twisted and becomes the most messed up thing I have ever seen. 10/10 because the gameplay, story, atmosphere, music, ambience, animation, visuals, and mechanics are all perfect. I am super excited to see what these devs come up with next because both games are sitting at positions #1 and #2 on my list of favourite titles I've ever played.In this case I highly recommend you to buy the game as soon as possible, waiting for discounts is a common practice these days but considering the amount of time and money that must have been poured into this project to make it as amazing as it was, the current price is more than fair enough even considering it's only about a 3-hour experience."
76561198030399306,Recommended,304430,24300464,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fundamental Baptist,"I've just finished the game and boy am I disappointed. I've paid 22$ for this game, and I've finished it in 4 hours. The gameplay is good and the atmosphere is amazing, but I've got one problem with it.The puzzles are fun (not all of them to be honest, some are tedious just because of the character's walking speed) and the environment is breathtaking. It's a well designed game. Throughout the game, not much is explained and the story is left to your imagination.My problem with it is the ending. I expected some kind of revelation, or some kind of moment of clarity, but my questions about the story are still unanswered. There's something about becoming a big ball of humans that really got on my nerves. I don't know anything about his past, or why exactly he was in that situation. Why were the people in the ""à la Fallout"" underground vault experimenting with human genetics or whatever it was they were experimenting with? Were they humans? Why was there upside-down water? When exactly does this take place? Yes it had good gamefeel, good atmosphere, good everything, really, but I still feel disappointed with this. There's something missing, I feel.Who knows, there might be DLC or something soon. It's a good game, yes, but I don't think it was worth 22$. I was expecting a bigger game for that kind of money, but whatever. Maybe that's just my inside jew kicking in."
76561197968176549,Recommended,304430,24232687,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[Blue's]Lagged_Newbie,"This game is only about 3 hours long, but is an immediate classic - 10/10.Don't spoil the game in advance of playing it; it is a lovingly crafted game with a little boy, puzzles, no interface, escalating levels/gameplay, and a question at the end.If you like Limbo, play this.  If you like puzzle games, play this.  If you like good games, play this.  If you need a game to show non-gamers to get them into gaming, show them this."
,Recommended,304430,24232688,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,m4ndr8k,"A few hours in, and I can say - *BUY THIS GAME*.The art style is akin to a bit more colorful Limbo - a bleak, washed-out dystopian feel that conveys a sense of depression or hopelessness.Mechanically it is a sidescroller with a 3D-feeling parallax. It is a physics puzzler that trades difficulty (nowhere near the title  'Swapper') for story.Storytelling is reminiscent of one of the most creative and emotionally evocative games that has no dialogue and uses environment to convey a story - Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons.20 Bucks very, very well spent."
,Not Recommended,304430,28928059,Posted: 1 January,all,Hoffhiem #4,"Outstanding visuals, great puzzles and fantastic physics.But unfortunately I can't give this game a positive review, it's just too short.I played the game for a total of 3 hours and I idled for a good 30 minutes yet I still only ended up with that amount of time.Love the game, love the story, love the puzzles.But there's no way this should be $10 if it's only 3 hours long.Now that isn't to say they didn't put a massive amount of detail into the game, loved every second.So if i'd have to score the game it'd be:Gameplay 10/10Puzzles 9/10Story 10/10Replayablity 5/10 (You already remember how to do everything!)So it would be around an 8.5/10 in math terms, because the game is great, but like I said, this shouldn't be the price it is.Even though the devs did great on it, i'd have to actually give it a 5/10Thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,304430,24216260,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,(λx.x)🔪,"""What if we made that Heart of Darkness game but good"""
,Recommended,304430,24240166,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jimmy Cage,Six years after their first title LIMBO the Danish indie developer team PLAYDEAD has released their second game and it looks like they got another masterpiece on their hands. It's only 3 hours long and the gameplay is nice but not revolutionary. So why is it that I played with my mouth wide open for many scenes? Well INSIDE is a very intense and absolutely beautiful gaming experience with one hell of an ending!Here's my game review of it! (no spoilers)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU0zZPBRQsY
76561198023843644,Recommended,304430,24172954,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Velkin,"It'll be very short review.Can't remember enjoing a game so much.Very, very good game."
76561198018626613,Recommended,304430,25298649,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bigdadyblood,my brain hurts...
76561198043180663,Recommended,304430,26947347,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brown,Great Game
76561197971143351,Recommended,304430,24183440,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,oli_broughton,'tis Good
76561198045437142,Recommended,304430,24249413,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,AlienUnicorn,An extremely hard but fun game.AND ITS WEARD AS ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198037391800,Recommended,304430,24871812,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,j.henrikb,A breath of fresh air
,Recommended,304430,24877832,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NoahTheGoodra,I played and 100% beat this game in one sitting and damn i felt that was 6 well spent hours. At first i thought this game was a bit pricy but the expirence pays for itself.
,Recommended,304430,24877961,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,A Single Sanity,"The amount of work on this game deserves the cost.In my opinion, I just don't understand why people brag about the expenses on this amazing gameplz don't kill meeven though I asked you to"
,Recommended,304430,24192527,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CryptiK,"INSIDE is a great but short game from the creators of LIMBO - Playdead.I reccomend it to everyone, an astonishing experience."
76561198043052871,Recommended,304430,24228766,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GabenOnlyKnows,TEKELI LI
76561198038233014,Recommended,304430,24165911,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Backo,This game is one of those that will make you think. The only downside to the game that I would say so far is that it is fairly short but still such a great game.Would crush another human(?) again. 11/10
76561198144784296,Recommended,304430,24241475,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Doniy,It's a big WTF from the land of I dont have any ♥♥♥♥ing idea of what in the hell I just had played
76561198153959773,Recommended,304430,24224759,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rustler of Jimmies,This game is like Inception. You need to play it three to four times before you finally understand it.
,Recommended,304430,31445207,Posted: 29 April,all,undef__,.
76561198047565854,Recommended,304430,33542906,Posted: 14 July,all,UncleRuckus,"INSIDE is an exciting dating sim, that features an adolescent player searching for love in all the wrong places. When you finally meet the one, the game ends with you and your love enjoying the sunlight on a beach.8/10 for a no-loose-ends, happy conclusion."
,Not Recommended,304430,28896174,Posted: 1 January,all,Vingeta,"Disappointed...TL;DRLIMBO is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better, just watch a playthrough of this game, not worth paying for this game.My two cents...The ending wasn't even an ending. It's like they started making this with real ambition, and then got bored or confused or something and just wanted to finish making the game, only focusing on trying to make it feel freaky, without any real clear goal in mind. There was no consistency within the game itself(example in spoiler below)*Start of Spoilers*Like for instance, when controlling the zombie peeps, it was great that you needed to ""connect"" to them, regardless of the lack of explanation as to why, but it was ok, at least it was consistent. But towards the end, it was like screw the logic they created, the zombie peeps will just help you out anyway... -_-edit: Nevermind! I read about some stuff I guess I missed, so there ARE explanations, just not obvious.Then there's other stuff, like in the very beginning, the mind/butt-controlled pig? That was the only thing of its kind throughout the whole game. Not that I wanted more or less, but it just felt like they were trying something out and totally forgot to follow up on it, whether it would be to remove it or keep it. The worm thing you pull out of its butt(?) reminded me of the limbo mind control things. So I figured they'd do more, but nope.Really, just everything in the game felt more like a testing playground for different game mechanics and what not. Nothing really fit or flowed together. You kind of just go on from one test chamber to the next.*End of Spoilers*So bad; I got this on sale, AND got limbo for basically nothing, and I still feel this was not worth it.And the puzzles weren't even challenging, so even as a purely puzzle based game I'd say it failed. Look at my hours spent in this game, and I was really trying to take my time with this game. ( ._.)But seriously though, wtf was that ending O.oIt's not the good kind of wtf, its just... wtf -_-"
76561197970585058,Recommended,304430,24728524,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Varkster,"Most +ve Steam reviews about Inside seem to take the form:+  blah blah graphics and art blah+ Control is so crispyschmishty whatever ramble+ Oh spipspip animation! blah+ Story is boingintastically <something>+ Ending wtfamazeballslol111!11!oneThe very weird-parallel-dimension thing going on here is that I actually totally agree with all that. Have Steam reviewers completely taken leave of their collective senses? Like, actually making sense, an' all?It's far from perfect.- Some sections just irritated me immensely. For example the water bit, when you eventually perfect a fairly long (timing critical) section only to get to the end of your knowledge with absolutely no idea what to do next. (=Death and restart from the beginning. Guess another route at the end. Rinse, repeat.).- A few puzzles where the background really doesn't seem part of the puzzle. Or the perspective just looks so wrong you don't even consider it anything other than scenery.Edit: I didn't think there was a chapter select either; which was a big omission. But if you select 'Load' at the main menu, you can re-open previously locked chapters. Ty KD for making me look again.Overall I loved the experience. And I'll definitely come back and play it again. But I'm guessing exactly the same things will annoy me, and without the carrot of finding out how it ends, I'm not sure I'll stay with it next time."
76561198064094462,Recommended,304430,24525157,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,IGoHam06,"Playdead caught my attention with Limbo and then cemented my love for them with this game. I just did the entire playthrough in one short sitting, which kind of sucks, but the game is so immersive that the short timeframe wasn't an issue.The puzzles are fun, with some being a little nerve-racking and impossible, but that just adds to the feeling of the game. A must buy if you had a good time with Limbo. I'll definitely be playing this again to see what i missed on the first instance!"
76561198011351873,Recommended,304430,24232445,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,madmaxx,"Im unsure what I just played, but I loved every second of it.The game is failry short, but that is not necessarily a bad thing. It flows very nicely, there is no boring second, and it is the perfect length to play through in one sitting, which you should.Artistically and technologically the game is extremely impressive. The way the animations are done, especially at the end, is just amazing. The quality here is higher than that of a lot of AAA-games. I don't think all the animations are pre done, it looks like procedural generation in the end, which is super impressive."
76561198260294087,Recommended,304430,24233018,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CQR Takumi,Very good game 8/10
,Recommended,304430,29395667,Posted: 21 January,all,wideshut,contents is too short..
76561198118496466,Recommended,304430,24451144,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gino,Huge limb ball trying to escape a brainwashed facility. 10/10
,Recommended,304430,24211726,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OutoMaisteri,Mix together RuptureFarms from Oddworld and Aperture Science from Portal and throw in a little boy and that's pretty close to the level of weird you can expect from this game. It's highly engaging and well designed all around - definitely recommended.
,Recommended,304430,24203471,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,leXith,So uh... yeah... just finished and... well.. huh...that just happened..............O.o
,Recommended,304430,24204318,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Carry,Wow is the only thing i can say about this game 10/10+
76561198050590527,Recommended,304430,25857535,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ikillu1337,"Wow, that was fun and a perfect gameday. Much better than Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24725602,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Method Van,It is one of the best games of the last 10 years.Just play it. Don't read up on it. Don't watch Streams. Don't watch videos. Just play it.
76561198033654741,Recommended,304430,24978039,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,pascal,This game is Limbo 2...but worse. The graphic style is not as original as in Limbo. The puzles are much more simple and less interesting.
,Recommended,304430,24762845,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,AGGILLS,this game is Mind Blowing good story same limbo
,Recommended,304430,24183459,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,m4rgin4l,My review of Inside? *Expletives*. Game of the year.
,Recommended,304430,24226926,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,daijo,This game has one of the most mind♥♥♥♥ endings to any game I've ever played. A Masterpiece.
76561197970665890,Recommended,304430,24278910,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Jimbob,A story about a boy and his epic 4 hour journey to become a meatball.
,Not Recommended,304430,24315067,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,A/C,"Finished this game on my own within 2 hrs...... A great indie game,but that's all it is... NOT WORTH BUYING IT FOR $20"
76561197972447556,Recommended,304430,28743295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,richardsaz,Incredibly creative game...  clever and stylish.  Among the games that stay in your cherished memory after you complete!
,Recommended,304430,28627515,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,YuhakpaShining,Sick Game after Portal Series.Must Play Game
76561198104463740,Recommended,304430,28630986,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Skovronski,...
,Recommended,304430,28565816,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jimz0r,"♥♥♥♥ me, that ending."
76561198010361442,Recommended,304430,28625534,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,UnholyUlf,"Great game, ominous and suspensful!"
76561198321242789,Recommended,304430,28628403,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FALCON,This game is amazing
,Recommended,304430,30109834,Posted: 22 February,all,Aquatico,"Unique, challenging and beautiful. Some interesting game mechanics here and there, and plenty of original yet challenging puzzle set pieces. However I must admit I wasn't a fan of the last few levels of the game. People who have played it through will see where I am coming from. Controls were clunky and it went a bit too weird with no warning."
,Recommended,304430,28745076,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Lolicon Special,"I played this game in one sitting, it took me two hours to complete, and it was worth my 14 dollars. It was immersive, mysterious, and intrugining. It was great to be forced to adapt and learn without tutorials, its been so long since I played a game through without using the internet or played a game all by myself. I felt so alone that i needed to pause every time I would find animals. The gamehas one big scarebut it kept me on my edge all the way to the very end. This game made me feel alone, intelligent, and most of all proud of my abilities whenever I would progress to the next challenge. I garuntee that anyone who is not tired to the point of exhaustion could spend another three hours completing one run of INSIDE. If playtime is what draws you to a game, this is not the choice for you, but if a captivating theme, eerie settings, and challenging puzzles are what you are craving? Look no further."
,Recommended,304430,24247329,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CBO,Post Hillary Clinton simulator 201610/10Would control mindless albinos and pull worms out of pig asses again
,Recommended,304430,28324338,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Charlie W,Awesome game very much in the style of LIMBO with gorgeous visuals. However the game takes a total nosedive of weirdness in the third act. 420/10
,Recommended,304430,24203839,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tournamentrules,"+ The sound engineering (this is levels above mere ""design"")+ The incredibly tense, hair-raising moments+ The gripping and mesmerizing atmosphere+ The satisfying puzzles that don't get in the way of the game's world+ I have never been in awe more times playing any other game+ So much told and described, with literally no words and simple game mechanics+ More ""wtf"" moments than TotalBiscuit- I wish it was 100 hours longer"
76561198250351598,Recommended,304430,24169058,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cochise,"Simply Amazing, preordered without a second thought"
,Recommended,304430,29361805,Posted: 19 January,all,PoLoNsKi,overwhelming game
76561198058779004,Recommended,304430,28634807,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,int,I have a screenshot-slideshow of my entire playthrough on my drive.
,Recommended,304430,28943522,Posted: 2 January,all,Alexavier,"Just like its predecessor, LIMBO, INSIDE has yet again amazed me with it's visual art style/graphics, vague/confusing story and enjoyable 2.5D platforming gameplay! I highly recommend everyone who enjoys 2D platformers and or anyone who's into art influenced indie games to try this out! You won't regret it :D 10/10, Best Indie Game of 2016 (For me at least)."
76561198054889704,Recommended,304430,28575860,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,coin2028,"Thank you Playdead, I'm even more afraid of dogs now."
,Recommended,304430,27193931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wxpenpen,"If you like Limbo, you will like INSIDE. Just that simple."
76561198097018178,Not Recommended,304430,28871070,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,meer,Played thei game based on the the good reviews . I honestly think it has some great ideas and a good game but it is overrated for me. I finished the game just to see why it got all these praises . Without spoiling anything I am not satisfied with the game.
,Recommended,304430,27474980,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MUG,Mind blown. Masterpiece.
,Recommended,304430,24400847,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Freakzoid11,Inside what ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
76561198087232480,Recommended,304430,24253752,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,leanerjester,"Everything about this game is fantastic. The sound and music are best listened to with headphones for maximum experience. The graphics are great, yet they won't make your system choke if you've got an old comp like I do. I hope they make a sequel. Those that have finished this game will know what I'm talking about."
76561198160351430,Recommended,304430,28984251,Posted: 3 January,all,FudgeCake,Good
76561198271951219,Recommended,304430,27776218,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DEER GOD,this is the best indie game ever
,Recommended,304430,27196037,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Time Warrior!,INSIDE had me hooked from the start to the end. Finished in one sitting and is not an especially long game.
76561198169277230,Recommended,304430,24496809,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ziglet,"A very dark dystopian masterpiece, my jaw has been dropping throughout, proving games can be an artform with a great story - in this case, a worldess one. There is a tragic and moving story unfolding in the details, some of which you won't be forgetting in a hurry."
,Recommended,304430,28576758,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,leloiboi1,"Interesting, but not as good as Limbo, imho."
76561198064152652,Recommended,304430,24807377,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,스팀포트리스,Very mysterious and very fun.SPOILER ALERT:It's also very bouncy
76561197989507502,Recommended,304430,24187818,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bonifacy,Now I hate dogs. Thx game.
,Recommended,304430,24224844,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DG,It's good... that ending is f***ed up.
76561198071834999,Recommended,304430,31097608,Posted: 12 April,all,Sgt_Jono,"its good, its really good!"
,Recommended,304430,24370469,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,WETDICC,:3
,Recommended,304430,31006581,Posted: 7 April,all,Mr._Kebab,Mesmerizing and beautiful
,Recommended,304430,24175415,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Burger King,Just play it.  The less you know of it the more you will enjoy it.
,Recommended,304430,24268302,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Get Spooked,It's limbo but it looks and sounds better.Also meat blob
76561197972969383,Recommended,304430,24224304,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SlimJimbo,"Really enjoyed the game... It has an incredible atmosphere happening throughout that provided some intense moments.  But I have to ask, ""What is up with the people-blob-thing at the end?"""
,Recommended,304430,27780381,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gaestrix-Thenos,Didn't play much but still cool
76561198145137111,Recommended,304430,28777449,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kum Captain,This game is AMAZING but the cons are:Takes about 3-4 hours to beat.Sometimes the controls are kinda sloppy (SOMETIMES)The endingwas....ehh?Didn't really leave me pumped just gave me an ehh feeling.Not enough puzzles(maybe I'm asking for too much)But other than that I feel like the price of $13.99 IS WORTH this game but it feels like there could be SO SO much more. But this game is a must grab!
76561198296321792,Recommended,304430,31406304,Posted: 27 April,all,joeyjoeyjoeninja,Perfection. I was sad when it was over.
76561197991192866,Recommended,304430,32352867,Posted: 11 June,all,[82DK - XIII] Avitus (SL),6.5/10Decent and well put together puzzle game that has you on the edge of your seat pretty much from the outset.  Scenes are timed perfectly just to make your♥♥♥♥♥♥nip.The ending however was what lost this game points in my opinion.
76561197972369732,Recommended,304430,31938315,Posted: 24 May,all,tanelorn,"This game looks great, plays great and has some really unique puzzles.  I had a lot of fun playing it.The game is a bit short for the price, but it provides a gaming experience you won't soon forget.I'll give it 7 out of 10."
76561198043803136,Recommended,304430,32321320,Posted: 10 June,all,Emmi,Before this game I was a dog person
76561198009550335,Recommended,304430,32331416,Posted: 10 June,all,We meet again,One the best games I played in my life!We need a sequence please!
76561198032752949,Recommended,304430,32333243,Posted: 10 June,all,Pennywise,"what a absolute gem!not to difficult but still a nice little challenge you can smash through in one sitting.Turn the lights off , put some heaphones on and crack a beer for this one.an absolute joy to play. Inside is a work of art.10 out of 10!if you dont play this youre an idiot"
76561198063539317,Recommended,304430,24169761,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ottobac,"INSIDE is like a combination of Limbo (the hit indie game that came out 2010) and Another World for the sega genisis. It has the same eerie feeling as Another World and similair mechanics as Limbo. However further into the game you will really start questioning your morals. INSIDE is a beautiful game with intriguing puzzels and a compelling story. The story is very self-explanatory which is one of its many strengths. The game however doesn't offer much replayability, one or two playthroughs will be enough for most people. Although considering how it only costs 20 euro I can with all ceirtanty say that you will be getting your moneys worth. This is a game that should be played without any knowledge of it before, so watching a lets play of it will quickly ruin your experience since it relies so much on its story and shockfactor. INSIDE is definintely a 10/10 game."
76561198249380314,Recommended,304430,24169784,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AJtheGamer,One of the greatest Indie games of all time. 10/10
,Recommended,304430,24169657,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cook66,"This game is a masterpiece without equal. I highly recommend playing this game and going in fresh without reading or looking up anything else about it. All you need to know is that it is amazing from beginning to end.Inside is a  game from the developers behind last generations Limbo. It looks very similar at first glance, but it becomes clear after a short while that this game has much more to offer and it keep delivering on that promise until the credits roll. The art, graphics and audio design is amazing throughout the game. The game play, physics and level design is great as well.I played it in four sittings of less than an hour each, taking a little break if I got stuck or simply needed to wind down from what can be a very intense game at times. The only caveat I have is that as a short game the price might not be right for everyone, but for me it delivered more than I thought it would even after reading raving reviews about it beforehand."
,Recommended,304430,32721182,Posted: 24 June,all,FrankRabbit,"............ what did I just witness? I do not know what it is, but I like it. Amazing sound design, intriguing setting, and interesting story told with no words. The ending just blew my mind... I totally recommend this."
,Recommended,304430,29070982,Posted: 6 January,all,Anthony,"simply put it's a very intruiging, interesting, and thought provoking game. It drops you straight into the game without so much as a starting menu and gives no context, no dialogue, no explanation, no motives, and leaves you to answer any and all of your own question raised throughout the game from start to finish. The game was very enjoyable from beginning to end, and I would say its worth the money. i will say, the ending is not particularly satisfying or dissatisfying to me personally, though others may disagree, but I was left wholly bewildered during the hours i spent completing the game. none of the puzzles are mind bogglingly difficult to finish but they are not easy, and do take thought and trial and error for the most part. highly reccommended."
,Recommended,304430,33203006,Posted: 3 July,all,tengliu99,Yet another masterpiece overall.
,Recommended,304430,27909178,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yanthrax,Can I make the entire game my wallpaper already?
,Recommended,304430,25721664,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Aiceetic,ตื่นเต้นฟุดๆๆๆ TT
,Recommended,304430,30478659,Posted: 12 March,all,Fazerina,"Fantastic, overwhelmingly atmospheric and captivating story that I just had to play through on one sitting enjoying the time spent immensely <3"
,Recommended,304430,31104688,Posted: 12 April,all,Seddyt,Great game a little weird but aweome at the same time lol. Would be awesome if you made a 3d game
76561197995364531,Recommended,304430,33549136,Posted: 14 July,all,Noby,Game that keeps suprising your after every move ;)I'll buy you a cup of coffee if you manage to get past this game without dying in first run ;D
76561198318148391,Recommended,304430,26102340,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,butaemon,4.5/5Playdead là một lũ dã man tàn bạo.Vô nhân đạo.
76561198180668757,Recommended,304430,32737502,Posted: 24 June,all,Venomous,"After Limbo, PlayDead Games has once again out done themselves - someone needs to pay this company 80MIL to make an ultimate scroller adventure.  Puzzels reminiscent of the old Prince of Persia scroller with more depth, diversity, and emotion hidden in the background which periodically peaks out at you.  This is the type of games that keep fans of all ages interested in gaming, this right here.  Beautiful work of art, and not overdone."
76561198152653025,Recommended,304430,26099933,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fitz,Simply brilliant
76561198023696725,Recommended,304430,30294286,Posted: 3 March,all,The Van-dammage,"Rich and atmospheric visuals, with particular kudos going to the sound design and lighting keeping you wanting to explore the story and feeling like a real world you've been thrust into to discover."
,Recommended,304430,30298450,Posted: 3 March,all,Nico,"While relatively short, this game is simply beautiful. Much like LIMBO, the gameplay essentially consists of navigating through a series of small puzzles. However it rarely gets frustrating and never stops being entertaining."
,Recommended,304430,30298217,Posted: 3 March,all,EViLBites,"Thick with atmosphere and filled with subtle details, developer Playdead has created a beautiful experience albeit one filled with a tension, foreboding and existential dread. INSIDE builds its world without a single line of dialog and tells its story though thoughtfully crafted details, seemingly simple models; clever lighting and carefully designed soundscape."
76561198092965410,Recommended,304430,24787132,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,jbecks35,GAME OF THE YEAR!-Level design is incredible-Sound design is perfect-Game mechanics are flawless-The puzzles are well thought out-The game is beautifulEnjoy
,Recommended,304430,30297207,Posted: 3 March,all,Nova (2),This game deserves a 6 star review. Absolutely worth every penny.
76561198174794157,Recommended,304430,24392397,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,傻逼李潇,great game.
,Recommended,304430,24392739,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,R X🌙,DOPE GAME
76561197978652303,Recommended,304430,24168714,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dreamwork 'I Eat Ass' Teamwork,"Very fun, about only about a 3 hour game, interesting and disturbing. Fun puzzles. I'd recommend it but dont expect to get much more than 3 or 4 hours out of it."
76561198031903307,Recommended,304430,28617121,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pha cops,"Ceiling pool of self-reflection;Above a lung-locked lever;Next, sedition switches and melodious mutants--INSIDE is the innovation, is your intrepid ideal."
76561198030597998,Recommended,304430,32691578,Posted: 23 June,all,james.cradock,"This game is beautifully surreal. Its pretty simple to play and the puzzles are quite easy to solve, but the journey through the strangeness is worth it."
,Recommended,304430,32695523,Posted: 23 June,all,Spickard,"An interesting game with great atmosphere, high-quality animation and intriguing plot."
76561198066296707,Recommended,304430,32692263,Posted: 23 June,all,Spud 夢想家,Definitely the games to be played!
,Recommended,304430,32697602,Posted: 23 June,all,[Rx]Nubs,Uh... what?  I have no idea what I just played but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,304430,32699694,Posted: 23 June,all,Damarlı31cm,could've advanced the gameplay since limbo. otherwise heeps of fun. artistic af
,Recommended,304430,24195095,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sigvatr,This game is like all my previous relationships: You blink once and then it's gone and have no clue what happend.
76561198102555060,Recommended,304430,29046837,Posted: 5 January,all,Krakenmor,*Applauds*
76561197970539589,Recommended,304430,29050217,Posted: 5 January,all,natelroot,Holy crow... what a stunning and weird game. I had trouble putting this one down. Sort of like Kings Quest and Out of this World. But dark as hell.
,Recommended,304430,24230909,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Halstorm,Probably best indie game of 2016
76561198240917276,Recommended,304430,24231188,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RangerDanger88,Indie Masterpiece
76561198228780212,Recommended,304430,24231378,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mattinjapan2004,Extraordinary game
76561198132684298,Recommended,304430,24246894,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[DFS] Whollyspokes,The ending is ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting.Still worth 20 dollars.
76561198071869908,Recommended,304430,24178166,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cirius,"Absolutely amazing, well worth the money if you like supporting the devs and loved the interesting story from their other game, Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24210832,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,S!LVR boom-case.com,AMAZING!!!!! I LOVE IT 10/10!
76561197960576760,Recommended,304430,24210728,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,J.J.,"Feels like it could be set in the Half-Life universe somehow (though it's clearly not though). Not since Half-Life 2 was I glued to my seat and could not stop playing. Finished the game in one sitting.Graphics are fluid and really well done. You get a real sense of the universe it's set in. The camera flows really, really well on your character. The attention to detail is awesome. The animation is lovely.Puzzles are, for the most part, not overly hard. A couple of times I was stumped, but I think having things not super hard doesn't stop the flow of the game and is a better thing.The game keeps moving, and for the entirety of the game I was constantly asking myself what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening? Who are these people? Why am I being attacked? What. The. ♥♥♥♥.I had recolections of a really early on favorite of mine called Another World. You are in an Alien environment (this game you aren't though) and there's no talking, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you just are there in this beautiful environment with puzzles and you have to survive.I won't give anything away. but you are dropped into the game and that's it. Make what you will of it as you go.I absolutely loved this game. It's absulutely brilliant.The dogs scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
76561197984857067,Recommended,304430,24210928,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,"5,6,7,8's",Amazing. It took me four hours to complete and I did not have a pause once.
76561198008853942,Recommended,304430,24210705,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,kronos,"A really polished and cohesive game. The style, the story, the puzzles all fit together. Playdead might very well be Lars von Trier of videogames. One thing about the puzzles that I particularly liked was that they never required you to guess what what the designers wanted you to do. Instead you just had to observe the rules and figure out how you could use them to achieve your goals."
,Recommended,304430,24210911,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Potato,"man, ♥♥♥♥ dogs."
76561198045894466,Recommended,304430,24168653,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,bamf,"This game looks good, feels good and is entertaining, though short I definitely didn't get bored, took me 3 hours to play through and man, it goes to some weird places. Worth the time, I recommend it."
76561198052694259,Not Recommended,304430,26416205,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,buzz_act,"This game has a great atmosphere, great visuals and a great silent story and some great symbolism.  If these things are all you're looking for then you'll have a blast!However, whilst I appreciated all the great stuff in the game I came here primarily for the puzzles - which I felt should have been the core game play mechanic.  Limbo's puzzles were fiendishly challenging and more than once I had to walk away from the computer, think about the puzzle or do other things before coming back and solving it.  Solving a Limbo puzzle left me with a real feeling of accomplishment.  In contrast INSIDE had me scratching my head once or twice for a minute or two before I figured out a solution to a puzzle but mostly I just breezed right through the entire game.This game is not challenging at all, which after Limbo, I find extremely disappointing.  Maybe this game could have benefited from a modes system where players that wanted harder puzzles could have had them?There was one thing that happens in the story near the end which is fantastic and which almost had me changing my mind about whether or not to give this a positive review... but ultimately, for me, INSIDE falls very short of Limbo as a puzzle game and I don't feel I can in good conscience recommend it."
,Recommended,304430,29293313,Posted: 16 January,all,Dehumanize,10
76561198021785342,Recommended,304430,28200891,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ommadawn,"From start to finish, exceeded my expectations.  It's one of those games that got better and better.  The puzzles were interesting and varied.  Graphically even my non gaming girlfriend said how impressive it was.  Easaily one of the best games i've ever played and it will stay with me for years to come."
,Recommended,304430,28197437,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,St. IGNUcius,"An insanely atmosphereic puzzle/platformer that I enjoyed from start to finish. The maticioulously detailed envirnments, perfect sound design, and realistic physics makes this the most immersive platforming game I've ever played. Too bad it only lasts for 3-4 hours."
,Recommended,304430,30284595,Posted: 2 March,all,Woventone,One of the best games I've played in awhile.
,Recommended,304430,32349455,Posted: 11 June,all,Lo Pan,Everything about this game is great. It goes from being dark and creepy to abstract to disturbing and crazy. Worth it at full price. Buy it and finish it.
76561198121477390,Recommended,304430,25050914,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CAPTAIN USOPP,it gud fam
,Not Recommended,304430,29126539,Posted: 8 January,all,MinasMorGhoul,"It almost pains me to give this game a ""Not Recommended"" Rating.The thing is. The ending ruined the whole game for me.I love the atmosphere, the art style, the way everything moves,it's just overall amazing and you feel the love that has been putinto all kinds of details of the game.I enjoyed the game, but I was looking forward to how the bizarrestory would unfold at the end, but it just didn't.The game just stops.And not in a good way that leaves you thinking about what happenedand you'll eventually figure something out for yourself. Nope.It just ends."
76561198023319313,Recommended,304430,25087960,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kaiser Killhelm,Very creative. I highly recommend.
,Recommended,304430,25107068,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,flipndestroy,WHAT
,Recommended,304430,24260635,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Muldjord,"First I was like ""woah..."" and then I was like ""Woooow!"". And then I was like ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WTF!?"" (and you will too)This is probably the most dystopian and creepy game I've ever played. If depression was a game, this would be it. It's about conveying a feeling of... being alone I think. Being alone and wanting to get out. Feeling trapped and powerless in a scary world where everything is a challenge (so basically life). But the cool thing is that even though you don't have much in the way of brawn (you play as a little kid), you keep pushing through it, and in the end, there's light. That's all I'm gonna say. You'll love it, I promise.The game has some intricately clever puzzles with mechanics that I've never seen before. It's insane how creative these guys are with the design. It was adequately challenging, although the game is very short. Too short? I don't know actually. If I look at it as art, I think it's adequate. If I look at it as a puzzle game, I'd say it's a bit on the short side.Either way, you should play this game."
,Recommended,304430,31059921,Posted: 10 April,all,.Cry,Got to play as a giant meatball made of people. nice.
,Recommended,304430,24183618,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,TurtleFaggo,"After being ripped apart by dogs, chloroformed, and drowned alot i give this game a 10/10 good secret ending and was pretty dank"
,Recommended,304430,24188161,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rash,This game is a god damn masterpiece. Gripping from beginning to end.
76561198060623700,Recommended,304430,24273214,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Hullabaloo,"Atmosphere, narrative, visuals, sound, all brilliant. 9/10"
,Recommended,304430,24166683,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,badjester42,"Too much water 7/10 - IGNJust kidding, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,304430,24167099,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Tra La La,Long-haired sea person scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. 10/10
76561198040736427,Recommended,304430,24167352,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,novaboy,cool beans
,Recommended,304430,24167363,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,vinterenkommer,i just...
76561198006206714,Recommended,304430,24169358,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pulsar,"you acctually ""play dead"" in this game"
76561198027205839,Recommended,304430,24169396,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fret2buzz,Good game.
,Recommended,304430,24174616,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,bakamono,LIMBO 2: INSIDEI hope you like swimming.
,Recommended,304430,34925432,Posted: 13 September,all,TIIMMYY,Dope
,Recommended,304430,34939334,Posted: 13 September,all,sirtanner,"WutThis game is visually stunning.  It has just the right amount of stylization to ensure that it’s not going to be aging anytime soon, almost entirely due to the top-notch lighting in this game.  INSIDE has one of the best lighting I’ve seen in a game.  Atmosphere is eerie and surreal.  Subtle details in how the main character acts, looking at objects (usually interactable), gazing over a ledge to the depths below, crouching at certain times really add to the immersion.  Sound design is excellent too; from the heavy foot steps to the panicked breathing of our character.  It all feels visceral.The world Playdead has created is one of mystery and intrigue, and it’s a shame none of the questions it raises get answered.  Who are we?  Why are we going to this facility?  What are they doing exactly?  What in the name of all that is holy is THAT thing (you know, THAT thing).  What’s up with the killer mermaid?  Ect.Puzzles could stand to be more difficult.  The only one I got stuck on wasn’t because the puzzle was difficult but rather the slightly weird controller scheme (I highly recommend you play this with a controller).Speaking of puzzles.  The world seems to be built around the puzzles themselves.  Very few puzzles seem like a result of the environment.  Buttons are in places that wouldn’t make sense in the real world, for example.  Sometimes that I can take you out of the game and make you question, “Now why would they build it like that?”I wish this game was longer.  I beat it in only two days (3 hours).TL:DRAmazing world with excellent visuals and lighting.  Attention to detail adds to immersion.  Brings up many questions but doesn’t answer them.  Puzzles are a bit easy the game favors controllers over keyboard + mouse.  Environment seems to be created for the puzzles, rather than vice-versa.  The game is a bit shorter than I’d like."
76561198198261447,Recommended,304430,29281384,Posted: 15 January,all,sanitarium88,"It's just awesome. From the environment, to the music, the graphics, the story (being told without A SINGLE word) plus it's an Indie game. It's worth every penny.The only thing that would be wise to improve just a little bit is the game duration. Other than that, it's just perfect."
76561198122132211,Recommended,304430,31799112,Posted: 16 May,all,Steve Harvey,holy mollley
,Recommended,304430,28974413,Posted: 3 January,all,M0TI0NLESS_OG,Not really sure what happened in this game but it was a great little experience
,Recommended,304430,29410224,Posted: 21 January,all,Smiless,Beautiful.That's all I can say.
76561198116855937,Recommended,304430,34495977,Posted: 25 August,all,uabadmo,Super amazing.
76561198059843340,Recommended,304430,24994817,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,frippertronic81,"Inside is a rare gem of interactive poetry. The gameplay sometimes seems to be there just to keep the story going, but art direction and writing is at the highest quality levels."
,Recommended,304430,29107774,Posted: 7 January,all,FarewellVHS,"Basically a 3 hour living art piece or music video for the ambient genre. Every shot is beautiful and use of light and sound is excellent. Attention to detail is stunning.Puzzles take no more than 3 minutes each but are artisitically presented and yes, lots of trial and error and a story that seems to have tons of plot holes and what ifs used to try and make sense of anything. You can look up ideas on the story, but the reveals are very obscure clues only screen captured stills would let you notice and I don't care to go all inception on this game. It's an interesting world that seems to either be meant to be understood differently by every person or actually just pretending to be smart but actually absurdly vacous."
,Recommended,304430,24245578,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CPU - Coward,Best movie watched this year. Would won 17 Oscars if on screen.
76561197996782444,Recommended,304430,29496461,Posted: 25 January,all,Peach Cobbler Soup (idle),"Simple gameplay, easy puzzles and a brilliant game. This kind of game isn't meant to be long, it can be played right through in one sitting and thats a good thing. Didn't drag or get boring. Top notch game IMO."
,Recommended,304430,24494002,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,athryn,"Alternate title,A Boy And His Blob 2: Electric Boogaloo"
76561197977383179,Recommended,304430,29333288,Posted: 18 January,all,chooks_one,"What an awesome game. It just hooks you in right from the get go and for me, I had no idea of the twist and turns. So refreshing and a joy to play the whole way through."
,Recommended,304430,26603661,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Wamparius,"This game has a subtle but deep story, a chilling soundtrack, and eerie visuals. It's a game worth checking it out, but you might feel a little gloomy when you're finished with it."
76561198021869033,Recommended,304430,28383296,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nice_And_Intimidating,I've never quite played a game like Inside. Definitely going to stick in my mind for a while.10/10
,Recommended,304430,24606080,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Space Guy,...
76561198082186048,Recommended,304430,24678282,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ser Podrick the Pussyslayer,This game is a masterpiece. Play it now.
,Recommended,304430,24225473,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DANK_PEWDIEPIE,"This was a great game! A cool art style, creepy setting, beautiful (and eerie) 3D environments, and surprisingly satisfying and intuitive interactions between your character and the environments.10/10, in my opinion."
,Recommended,304430,24182489,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Osto80,"Short, moody and wonderful.This is one of those games, that asks of you to soak in the atmosphere and follow along. Gameplaywise it is fairly simple, with just a few puzzles leaving me scratching my head, before figuring them out fairly fast.It doesn't work all the way, with a few sections overstaying their welcome, and the ending is... well.. lets just say, you might feel a bit suprised when the credits starts rolling.But its still a wonderful ride, and I recommend you try it."
,Recommended,304430,24683882,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rept,It's just a much better LIMBO.  Scroll back up before you spoil yourself.
,Recommended,304430,24178984,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,[RIP] UncleJames,Beautiful.
,Recommended,304430,29012731,Posted: 4 January,all,sblantipodi,"This game is amazing.It's a trip in a fantastic universe, you can argue for hours on the lore of the gamebut at the end no one will be right."
,Recommended,304430,34892860,Posted: 11 September,all,Ciynah,"Truly, one of the best games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,304430,34872296,Posted: 10 September,all,Llythe,What the f***!?
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,304430,31108099,Posted: 12 April,all,Kecoey,"Constant save bug where it isnt' able to save. You can't manually save either. So you have to quit if it happens, or you'll lose all your progress since the error.If you're going to have autosave only, then make sure it ♥♥♥♥ing works.Edit:Just finished it. I was expecting some life changing ending that had some sort of message or something. I was sorely dissapointed. There was no meaning to any part of the game whatsoever. Just a gross story.Maybe it's unfair to judge it based on my expectations, but everyone else acted like it was amazing. Get it for the puzzles, atmosphere, and story (I guess), but outside of that, it isn't anything special."
76561198391434747,Recommended,304430,34408055,Posted: 21 August,all,l.yogesh,GREAT game! Well done Playdead !!!
,Recommended,304430,24204586,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,GRipley,So attractively sinister!
76561198076489103,Recommended,304430,24209282,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BearvsGiantbear,"Thoughful and atmospheric, brilliantly crafted with a real attention to detail. Even if you don't like things like this normally it can be completed in about 3 hours and will leave a lasting impression, very much worth the £15 price tag.  I recommend doing it in one fantastic, absorbing, surreal session."
76561198022241634,Recommended,304430,24209571,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gozzle,"Having completed it now, I can confirm this game is weird. And disgusting. And awesome.If you like any two of those descriptions, go ahead and play this weird awesome disgusting weird game."
,Recommended,304430,24222433,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,wundertunge,"This game is like a piece of dark magic. Atmospheric, moody, dark. Played it through twice so far, and both times it gave me chills.It's worth noting that this game has rather simple game mechanics. You'll use your head more than Gone Home, as there are actual puzzles in this game. But if you're looking for a ""hardcore"" experience with unlimited depth of mechanics, this isn't your game.If you're someone who appreciates high art style, awesome technical achievements in both sound and graphics, in a cinematic, interactive medium, then check this out.And yes, people are expressing their disappointment at the length of the game, as well as their dashed expectations. To those who criticize the length, I think they're really missing how so much time and effort was put into building the experience, frame by frame, scene by scene. It's elegant and subtle.Recommendation: play this game at night with the lights off and headphones. Inside is one of those games that demands full attention and immersion. You'll get more out of it that way."
,Recommended,304430,24479142,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Agent Ash,"A spiritual successor to LIMBO, very similar to it and yet entirely different. INSIDE has it all: absorbing eerie atmosphere, suspence, a way to always surprise you. Get it, play it, analyze it. It tells an amazing and scary story in few words.My only minor nitpick is that puzzles felt less challenging than in LIMBO. But to me it didn't diminish the quality of the game in any way."
,Recommended,304430,24166258,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,raven,"Amazing, Simple and Unforgettable.Pros:You wont forget this game. This game is simple, you move to the right and something to the left solving puzzles that   obstruct your progress. But everything around you and what you discover is truly unforgettable. There are things in this game I have never seen before.Its  heavy on atmosphere and style.The last 15 minutes are Truly Unfrogetable, WOW!Cons:Some puzzles can become frustrating due to repetition of trial and error.(On a side note, If you ever think of playing this game. Dont watch any trailers or stream or even screenshots. This gamehe Wonder of discovery and there are Amaxing things to discover here.)"
76561198096326376,Recommended,304430,24418269,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,suprapunk,"This is a game, a movie, art, and everything positive you can think of."
,Recommended,304430,24651379,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,hoohex,what the ♥♥♥♥ mate
76561198025168139,Recommended,304430,24361339,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,oeFun-IanDunlop,Amazing atmosphere and experience. Puzzles are logical and not frustrating - i.e. they make sense. Visually stunning game.
,Recommended,304430,24247589,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cat.gif,Better than Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,24232306,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Your Sister,Brilliant
76561198054594484,Recommended,304430,24299616,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Databot1,The atmosphere and creeping horror in this game is absolutely masterful.  10/10
,Recommended,304430,24246267,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dios,Great game but way to short... left me wanting more.
76561198029845108,Recommended,304430,28619234,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ESonix,"One part haunting beauty one part wtf, a masterclass in artistic and engaging game design!"
,Recommended,304430,28605084,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tchrin,"Amazing game, easier than Limbo, but very similar in style. Beautiful animation and gameplay."
76561198155047037,Recommended,304430,25170782,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DeathArch,"Disclaimer| This is my 1st review. So you want to read another one. Go. Go on now.I played 86 minutes. Well, you may already know that but since you got past the disclaimer I feel I'll waste more of your time. I found this game by typing ""stealth"" in the store search page. Not actually ""stealth"" but stealth. My intention was to find a game where I could sneak around and is atmospheric. INISDE was on the 1st page, so after watching all of the videos of the potential games above, I watched INSIDE's trailer. In this, and reading a couple of actually helpful reviews, the trailer succeeded so I purchased it.For $21.99 it seemed expensive for what seemed like a basic side scroller, but look at the reviews. Look at them! So I install it and it runs beautifully (notice I haven't giving any specs about what im running) and for 86 mins it's a wonderful, captivating, atmospheric, dark, and fun experience. I was truly startled at times, honestly. Then I remember reading that one review, saying it took them only 3 hours to beat the game. And the way the game progression felt didn't help my already doubtful mind about its expensive price.To make a long story short, I stopped playing it and got a refund. And all those great things I mentioned above are true about INSIDE but just not worth $21.99 for only another potential couple of hours of game play.I must say if the price lowers to something reasonable I will purchased this again and finish the game.I rate this review 1/10"
76561197970384883,Recommended,304430,26170298,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,80%
,Recommended,304430,24644736,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,dydx,Good
,Recommended,304430,24644742,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,LOL,best game
,Recommended,304430,24240818,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DogVoteAdvocate,Beautiful and haunting. A minimalist storytelling masterpiece.
76561197970822591,Recommended,304430,24240602,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Parker,This is a very good game.
76561197960817851,Recommended,304430,24713075,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,psychodad,"The game is a masterpiece, it's dark, it's beautiful and also it is fun to play :-)"
76561198051843446,Recommended,304430,30992022,Posted: 6 April,all,thot carnage,"INSIDE is unquestionably, among the most intruiging and refreshing video games I have played in a very long time. I find that many games tend to have an incredibly explicit narrative, leaving only so much for interpretation. This is not necessarily meant as a critique- it's the most logical approach from the developer's perspective, if he/she wishes to convey a specific message. The explicit narrative can without question communicate interesting ideas, yet, because of its nature, it easily fails to integrate the imagination as a key component to contributing any understanding. In a sense, it can be somewhat discouraging. The implicit narrative on the other hand, tells a completely different story (I don't mean to suggest that games are either one or the other- the vast majority of video games are a combination of the two). Utilizing the imagination as a primary mean of understanding, will never quite leave us all with the same perception. This is really interesting, as it forces you to interpret what you're presented with. Simply by paying attention to the environment, a rich and beautiful story can be told- even without the use of one single word.This is where INSIDE particularly excels, somehow managing to present a beyond-memorable experience.During the entirety of the game, I kept wondering all sorts of things, some of which were huge questions, some of which were not. And while none of any of my questions will ever explicitly be answered, they certainly made me wonder- something so few games I play manage to. After having played the game, I don't necessarily feel as if my questions have vanished. And that is brilliant. In too long has it not been quite as satisfying to be left with nothing but questions regarding what I recently experienced. And I'm glad, I know nothing beyond just that- simply getting to sense INSIDE's godless atmosphere is enriching, and emotionally stunning. Supported by a fantastic soundtrack and design, the visuals are so delicately convincing.INSIDE makes me feel small and unknowing, and because of that, I don't wish to be left with anything but my interpretation. I cannot recommend this game enough- I enjoyed every second of it."
,Recommended,304430,27755714,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Forcetree,INSIDE pushes boundries and creates an engaging story without the typical crux used in most AAA titles of today.An unsettling combination of fear and intrigue will persue you through the demented world of INSIDE. Every step brings new light to the dark atmosphere as you weed your way to the center of... well towards the inside.Only 2-5 hour playthroughs and a total of 8 hours to find and unlock all the games achievments. Was worth the proce of a movie ticket for the incredible ride it delivers.
,Recommended,304430,28803679,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"It's dark, it's moody, it's mysterious, it's short yet full of memorable set pieces.It's not only as good as Limbo, I think it's even better. Especially the aestetics and animation. The game world is more coherent and the challenge is more fair. This is an experience you won't forget for some time."
,Recommended,304430,26638627,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Skarnini23,it's awesome! felt like LIMBO but more graphics added for effect
76561198156426668,Recommended,304430,26627317,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Amirisius,"Excellent graphics, mind-blowing atmosphere, smooth animations and stunning gameplay make INSIDE a fantastic game which you'll never forget for years to come."
,Recommended,304430,24191500,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Crover C. Crewe,One of the biggest WHAT? of the year.begining to the end just WHAT?!
,Recommended,304430,24280644,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Little Green Ghouls,"Another linear game with often dull and often frustrating game mechanics, with few exceptions, and yet I decently enjoyed it because it was visually beautiful and had an entertaining plot."
,Recommended,304430,25889383,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,talon |,"Recommended because of quality and a rich story driven by curiosity. I would wait for the price to come down to $10-15, because it's too short, to be frank. Good nonetheless."
,Recommended,304430,29596821,Posted: 30 January,all,wormpkeaton,"This is easily the most beautiful, well constructed game I've played. Like watching something you shouldn't be."
76561198152429459,Recommended,304430,29606875,Posted: 31 January,all,Twerkuleez,I simply cannot think of a single fault this game has.  The setting and atmosphere are fantastic- the sounds are superb and the small interactions the boy has with the environments are very well done.  The controls worked very well and were very responsive.  The puzzles offer challenges that will make you scratch your head every once in a while but not to the point of wanting to quit.  The secrets are tons of fun to find.I don't have the time to play games like I used to so I appreciate a game that really draws me in and I want to spend as much time playing as I can.  This one is worth every second and worth every penny of the $20.
,Recommended,304430,29619586,Posted: 31 January,all,Ariah,"Remember how good LIMBO was? INSIDE is better in every way: Art, pacing, puzzles, and story. Buy it."
,Recommended,304430,29620984,Posted: 31 January,all,Lord Nora,AMAZING!
76561198096099509,Recommended,304430,27996233,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eugene Harold Krabs,Uh.What do you mean?
76561198076035593,Recommended,304430,27985743,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Armandovich,I just can say that this game is a masterpiece.
76561197970385470,Recommended,304430,27987225,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,krazypickle,"great game, indie game of the year and as good as limbo"
,Recommended,304430,27991957,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Clamton,game was trippy at the least...
,Recommended,304430,26733426,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,semper_lux,"""Transformation is a process, and as life happens there are tons of ups and downs. It's a journey of discovery - there are moments on mountaintops and moments in deep valleys of despair."""
76561197970506816,Recommended,304430,28381271,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,glow11,"Probably the most amazing single player game I've ever experienced. It's not long enough, because I didn't want it to end. I pray this team develops more brilliant games."
,Recommended,304430,25443859,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,realm_01,Totally recommend this game :D
76561198079450397,Recommended,304430,24165686,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Trevjosh,"WARING!: This game is only 2-3 hours long and some people may have no motivation to replay it, so make sure the $20 price tag is ok with you before reading reviews.If you are ok with the price for how long the game is then BUY IT! I won't say anything else about the game since it is better to go in as blind as possible because it just makes the expriece so much more enjoyable."
76561198015508649,Recommended,304430,24380978,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Th3Jok3r,"Great atmoshpere and the visuals were amazing. Found myself staring at some of the scenes just becuase they were so awesome. Story is quite tense, although ending is more open-ended than some people might like. Defintely a great journey though."
,Recommended,304430,24189698,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MrUseL3tter,"A legendary work of art. Not only the game design is unique, but all the other aspects of the game will give you an experience incomparable to other games. 10/10"
76561198031816287,Recommended,304430,24189980,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ba(D)ud,Incredible game
76561198066723233,Recommended,304430,28110917,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rockstarr229,3spoopy5me
76561198031516922,Recommended,304430,24214252,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Darkzeta,Just incredible.
,Recommended,304430,26897825,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SocialGamer,"Short, sweet and satisfying.  I did a few playthroughs and still enjoy the collectable as well as the story."
,Recommended,304430,27281998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$TEAMEDWARLOCK,lovely game
76561198250953152,Recommended,304430,35492931,Posted: 5 October,all,Raging_Potato,uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh good game i guess
,Recommended,304430,29189623,Posted: 11 January,all,ShadowNeo,"An amazing game! My very first reaction when I started playing was ""wow, so smooth"". The respond of the characters commands are 10/10. The story is very abstract, it leaves plenty of room for interpretation. Biggest challenge is: find all the secrets by your own, some are obvious some are imposible to find. Overall this game is a masterpiece and I enjoyed every minute of the game.(I played much more this game but steam somehow forgot to count)."
76561198073915068,Recommended,304430,35461040,Posted: 3 October,all,December,Dafuq this i just play ?
,Recommended,304430,24193409,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rockie,"Another little masterpiece from playdead, same dark and disturbing atmosphere as limbo, but shorter even cause it seemed easier to solve some puzzle, you'll probably finish it in about 3/4 hours, but honestly that will be a very well spent time. Maybe more content for 20€ would've fairer, just this."
,Not Recommended,304430,24216330,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Postal0311,"Much like LIMBO, when ever you think the game is starting to make sense it stops making sense.I would rave about INSIDE and say how great it is, but I don't believe a 3 hour game that isn't replayable is worth $20.  Wait for it to be sale."
,Recommended,304430,24163481,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dr Fitz,An excellent depiction of what Britain will be like if/when Theresa May becomes Prime Minister.
76561197988535265,Not Recommended,304430,24392651,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rhade,"This game is vastly overhyped and is more of an artpiece than a game.  For those exeriencing a story of this type for the first time I can understand the awe, but in reality it is a just a derivative of Plato's Allegory of the Cave and if you are familiar  at all you will most likely be wholly unimpressed.  The story is also largely subjectively interperated due to the lack of narration and the majority of the concepts introduced left unexplored, with only the overarching story fully coming through in the end.Beyond the story, when you actually look at the gameplay it is simplistic to the point of boring.  Hold right until you get to a puzzle, solve, repeat ad nauseum.  The puzzles are not challenging at all and because of that, they turn into more of a chore as you are just going through the motions instead of having that ""Ohhhh"" moment.  Often there will be long stretches of just holding right, which give you time to enjoy the scenery but this gets old quickly.I am being deliberatly hard on this game to contrast the wholly undeserved hype this game is recieving.  However, this is still a well put together game at the end of the day that may be worth spending a slow day trying out, just not at the ludicrous price point.  This is a game I absolutely would not purchase for more than 5 dollars knowing what I know now, and even then it would have several games ahead of it on my wishlist."
,Not Recommended,304430,24207724,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Capen,"Inside is fun to play, but the incomprehensible story ruins all of that. The game is very open to interpretation, but also tries to send a strong message; thus the resulting game feels lackluster. It's certainly possible to be vague and make a statement at the same time, but Inside completes misses the mark. The 3 hour build up to the game's final moment is thrillling, it places a deep curiosity in the player, but it is spoiled as soon as the big reveal occurs. I really want to like Inside, but the interesting foundations of a story built throughout the game are squandered, leaving me disappointed. And the secret ending only makes the story less comprehensible and pokes more holes in the thin plot."
,Not Recommended,304430,24194386,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"Unfortunately Inside falls into the same gripe I have with Gone Home: too expensive for the lack of gameplay. If you really think you can play a game like this for more than one playthrough (maybe try to get some of the hidden things that I'm assuming exist since I only unlocked one achievement, not that I care about achievements) then pay $20 for it, otherwise I would only suggest buying it on sale. For $20 it just doesn't have enough gameplay to be worth a 3 hour playthrough (I mean come on, Stardew Valley costs $5 less and I got 2300% more gameplay out of it).There's also the other classic indie-game issue: there's no story. I have no idea who I'm playing as, why I'm running away from what seems to just be darkness, why the world is in a zombie-state, or why I have a reason to exist in this dreadful world and not end my life immediately. It's almost exactly like Limbo, which I liked a lot except for the story. I guess I hoped they'd be a little less artsy with the premise of Inside; I don't now why I keepg hoping that with indie titles.Still, there's nothing wrong with this game. It functions, had no glitches that I ran into, controls extremely well, sounds great, and has some neat but doable (and too easy) puzzles. They somehow managed to make the graphics almost exactly the same as Limbo yet make the world ten times darker, and many times I caught myself saying ""wat"". If you're into that, and a short experience, then Inside will be the perfect game. But, as I said before, I just can't justify paying $20 for a 3 hour experience."
,Recommended,304430,24227552,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,devour me,"Na-Na.... Na Na Na Na Na, Na Na. Na Katamari Damacy...."
,Not Recommended,304430,24495431,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,At Dawn We Ride,"Much like LIMBO, the opening is what people point to, but as soon as you reach the city section of the game INSIDE takes a nosedive devolves into Portal 2 with little context or reason.The game's 'arc' goes like this:opening = fantasticmiddle = tediousend = unsatisfyingAfter watching the trailer I was really hyped for Playdead's This War of Mine, which is what the opening is, but then the game starts spinning you around in circles until you reach the end and nothing makes sense. But it's deep because it's open ended. Jog on.At first I was angry, but then I remembered Playdead has difficulty spreading quality throughout their previous entry. So now I'm just dissapointed that they didn't amend that.Overall rating:opening: 5/5middle: 2/5end:2/5"
76561197976028334,Not Recommended,304430,27754365,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Get Burned!,"Inside is a disappointment. It's from the same people that made the excellent Limbo. Like Limbo, Inside is a side-scrolling puzzle adventure featuring a face-less young protagonist that moves right to advance.  I was hoping for Limbo 2.0, but instead it's actually Deadlight 1.5. The setting and atmosphere are almost exactly the same as Deadlight. Just take out the zombies and combat of Deadlight and replace it with a police state setting, removing the combat and you have Inside. The game play of Deadlight itself was derivative (as is Inside too), but at least it had a vibrant background with lots of stuff going on to distract you from the mediocre puzzles and combat. It gave the sense that you are in a large living world with chaos all around you. The environments in Inside are kind of sterile, mostly lifeless, and the aesthetic of the game is extremely forgettable. It's a bad sign when I'm feeling deja vu and nostalgia for a game that wasn't very good. The setup of the game is interesting enough. The protagonist is evading detection while trying to flee a police state. Detection means immediate death. Some of the deaths were gruesome indeed. There's a really funny scene where the boy has to march in sync with the rest of the slaves in a line while a suspicious drone watches. You have to mimic their movements exactly or get killed. Insert post-modern critique of the conformity of modern society here. There's an underwater part in the middle that is just tedious, boring, and the environment is especially drab. There was a part where water was upside down. It falls upward. It almost broke my brain. The end of the game almost saves the recommendation. Almost. At a certain point in the game, you take control of this thing and start destroying everything in your path. I don't want to ruin the surprise of one of the few unique things this game has to offer. It is quite the horrifying, hilarious, and sad spectacle all rolled into one. Really, the biggest disappointment of this game are the weak puzzles. There is virtually zero complexity to them at all. There's only one puzzle I didn't completely breeze through. The game took around 4 hours to finish. I do not recommend Inside."
76561198009334006,Not Recommended,304430,29774794,Posted: 7 February,all,Me Pie Three,"THE GOOD:The art, camera work, lighting, sound design, etc. are all excellent but if that's what you're looking for in a game, go watch a let's play.The last 20 minutes or so are very entertaining (though not in the way the reviews say).THE BAD:It's a puzzle game with boring puzzles.The story is absurdly overhyped.  It makes no sense due to huge contradictions in the behavior of the ""characters.""I'd recommend watching a Let's Play because then at least it'll be entertaining for the first 3.5 hours."
76561198055316137,Not Recommended,304430,24410738,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Katarack,"First of all I really wanted to like this game, Limbo was great and so I had high hopes coming into this, sadly my expectations were too high.  I have copy-pasted my refund request message as I believe it doubles as a review.Pros- I like the art style/graphics- well optimized (ran well on my now 4 year old laptop)Cons- What story?- Ending is awful (feels like it is the ending to a totally different game)- spends entire story building up to some great twist which was beyond crap (read above)The game really just isn't what (to me) it seems like it's trying to be.  I don't think I can get a refund for poor script design but I don't know, I spend 3/4 of the game trying to figure out what the story even was and I had played limbo so I was used to the way these developers make there stories but at the end of limbo it made sense.  Limbo reached a conclusion and made the events prior make sense.  This conclusion is something you would see out of a slasher type gore movie.  It doesn't at all fit with the rest of the puzzle based game.  It honestly feels like one person wrote the first 3/4 of the game and then someone who either belongs in a mental ward or is trying to be edgy and 'prove' himself wrote the last 1/4.If you could get back to me on this that would be great.  Also you claim that it may be shared with the developer/s, please do share this with them.  I would like to know what happened, because I greatly enjoyed limbo it's just this one missed the mark.  I honestly feel like it was a waste of 4 hours and $20, i would pay maybe $10 for this or at a stretch $15, not $20."
76561198029959543,Not Recommended,304430,29383423,Posted: 20 January,all,Carty,"Great game while it lasts, but £15 for around 4 hours of gameplay and no replay value? Really? Shocked by how short this game was. Won't be recommending it to anyone, although it is a great experience for a short duration. Solid atmosphere."
76561198072349333,Not Recommended,304430,31194749,Posted: 17 April,all,hualahn,"""how it feels to be fat""-simulatorusually to lazy to write reviews, but this game deserves a huge thumbs down review. Its short, boring and not in the slightest way challenging. It doesnt even have trading cards, simply because of that you can finish the game in under 2 hours wich means they wouldnt even start to drop at that time ;)This game, imo, isnt worth more than 1 buck, and thats only because you can get an easy 100% achievement completion (for whoever needs it - i do)So, in short, you are better off to invest your hard earned money in other games. There are way better ones out there.Its hard for me to understand from where all these ""overwhelmingly positive"" reviews are comin from. Possibly from the region this game is comin from.And sorry for eventually wrong spellin - i dont even have a region to live in :D"
,Recommended,304430,25669925,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Snurgelwaffel,Great game! 10/10If this dont get your heart pumping then you must be a genderfluid smithy
,Recommended,304430,24169688,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RhinoRidiculous,"This is going to be a long but informal review of INSIDE...I did not find  out about this game until a week before the release because of YouTubers that recieved the game early. After watching about 10 minutes of a video a stopped watching it because I really wanted to play this game for myself. I found out that the game was made by the same people who made Limbo which sparked my interest even more. I have not played Limbo but I have seen and heard of it's difficulty and artstyle. I Pre-Purchased the game for $20 and had pretty high expectations.Now I Installed INSIDE just a little while after it was unlocked. Did not take me long to download and install at all and in about 5 minutes was in the game.You are immediately in the game with no main menu which does not really bother me. What could bother some people is the fact that you cannot change the game graphically at all. In the settings there is only controls for Keyboard or Controller (Xbox Controller), Volume and graphics. In the graphics option there is only brightness, resolution and fullscreen option. I did not have an problems running the game since I have a GTX 970. The game ran at a smooth 60fps.Gameplay:Let me start out by saying that Playdead did an absolute magnificent job on the flow and movement of your character with the simple controls. No matter what pace you take the game it feel natural and smooth. BUT PLAY THIS GAME WITH A CONTROLLER! I played this game with a wired 360 controller. When I tried out the keyboard it was really was not the same expirence as I had with the controller but thats just my opinion.Also your character's animations are amazing when moving through the terrain. Jumping from platform to platform does not feel weird in any way. Even though the charaecter litterally does not have a face, you can see emotion along with other characters you find.The atmosphere is golden too. The setting of the game is something you understand more and more as you go on but there is a lot of unsolved mysteries after you complete the game.The best part visually of the game in my opinion is the lighting. The shadows are spot on with not tearing or glitching which is very cool saying that i got this game at launch. Underwater the light that penatrates through the water looks fabulous and there is even shadows of your charecter and the surrounding area under there too!YOU WILL BE TAKING LOTS OF SCREEN SHOTS :DThe puzzles in the game are very fun and a challenge which you get better at as the game goes on. All the puzzles in the game have their own uniqueness to themselves which is very important in a game like this to stop the game feeling repetitive.You will find a lot enemy's that you must avoid which brings some epic moments with really close calls.There is some vehicles in the game which is a very cool feature that does not feel like it does not belong in the game. You spend a lot of time with water in this game which I liked and blended well with the enviroment. (One of the vehicles is a submarine thing).Important:Now i'm seeing lots and lots of reveiws with people who have not completed the game yet and they're already giving this game a 10/10. The thing is, I have three big cons for the game that you can only see AFTER YOU COMPLETE THE GAME!The BIGGEST con for this game that many many people will not like along with me is how long the game is...I finished this game entirley in one sitting in a little over 4 hours...Let me tell you that I even played this game slow! I like to play game cinematically if that makes sence. I was not running through all the levels, I was actually taking time to search for secretes and take in the veiw of the scenery around me. Now I know this is an indie game and not a full $60 game but really after you play it you feel like you must have skipped some puzzles. A few more hours of puzzles and I would be very happy but that is not the case. Like I said I never played Limbo so I did some research and it seems like simmlar play times to beat game.  But even with that said INSIDE is just too short of a game for me too be 100% satisfifed. I loved the puzzles but when the game is so short even if you leisure through it it does not give you a satisfied feeling at the end of the game.Speaking of the ending... No Spoilers...The conclusion to this short story is not that spectacular. The ending does not make you mad or anything but more of an ""Alright cool..."" If your able to be emotionally connected a with video games then you won't be disapointed but for those who do not have a connection probably will be. The more I think about the ending the happier and more understanding it is so I am not as bothered as my initial reaction. It really depends, how you think about game is how you will react to the ending.Secretes?!...Another con for me is that there is no secretes in the game that you can really find. When you go into big open enviroments you really want to explore which the game allows you to do but does not lead to anything but the next section. When I say secrates I mean any references, unique rooms, easter eggs or anything that rewards you for exploring! I'll say it again, I never played Limbo so would not know references to that game but when exploring I found nothing that looked out of place or odd.So, is the game worth $20... I will have to say yes to that question.Now thinking about the game AS A WHOLE, I am mostly happy with this game. I do have to say I feel like doing the puzzles over agian for some odd reason because it really is a fun game. If you see a lot of more hours than Ive said the play time was then it's probably because I want to get some more screen shots (You will too) or i'm trying to do speed runs of the game which I'm excited for! I do not like to give ratings to things but for people who want one I would give this game a 8/10. I do recommend to get this game on a sale if you are interested at all in this game!WHAT THIS GAME NEEDS:More content!!! If this game had another 4 or more hours this game would be a 10/10! I don't want to ask for DLC since more puzzles should of been in the CORE GAME! But I did enjoyed this game a lot and would fork over $5 for 2 more hours or more of puzzles and maybe a little story since you did not answer many questions in the game. I know it is probably not possible but a level maker would also make this game 10/10. (Only If the level maker was good and the community was active.) The level maker is a little too much to ask I know but i'm just brainstorming what could of made this game the best it could be.This game is rated M but Mature children would enjoy this game. There is very small amounts of blood from your charater when he die which I guess gives it the M rating.Two things you should know about this game is that there is no loading screens which is very good for the expirence and flow. Also the game does save VERY often and there is no manual save so you don't have to worry about saving."
,Not Recommended,304430,31348454,Posted: 24 April,all,Danzanryu,"A good game, but disappointing to follow up Limbo."
76561197971385481,Not Recommended,304430,24416495,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TheReverend[Blizz2],"Too much platformer in my puzzle game. Sometimes the solution to puzzles can't be learned without dying.Beautiful art, excellent world building and atmosphere, worth it almost just for the experience but not quite."
76561198060332487,Not Recommended,304430,33637531,Posted: 18 July,all,_Solid,"One of the most boring game I already have played.The name should be ""Johnnie Walking"", because all you need to do is keep walking."
,Not Recommended,304430,24195896,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"I don't expect everything I play on Steam to have gameplay.  I don't expect everything I play on Steam to have story.  But I do expect one of these two things, which is why I'm not recommending Inside.I was a big fan of Limbo, like most people were, but Limbo worked in large part by keeping things fresh and simple and fresh.  Most importantly, fresh.  Sure, the game mostly consisted of walking right, but the obstacles the game threw in your path were interesting and ever-changing.  It felt like a good puzzle game with animated walking transitions.There was a story going on in there, something barebones and relatable about love and loss, but it didn't really matter.  Limbo was a solid game.  It had an ""it was all a dream"" ending, and I wasn't even mad.Enter Inside.  Clearly the developers thought they could make up for lackluster puzzle design by replacing Limbo's minimalist setting with a double helping of weird sci-fi.  Full disclosure, I don't go in for weird sci-fi.  I can write about crazy gibberish too if I don't have to explain it.  I can write crazy gibberish all day long.  It doesn't make a story.I toughed out Inside's repetitive play (walk right, encounter ledge too high to grab, walk left, find crate, drag crate back to ledge) just to find out what was going on in the background the whole time, and I was ultimately disappointed.It isn't so much that the ending is nonsense as the absence of an ending makes the whole game nonsense.  I've seen both endings -- neither one helps.  I'd go so far as to say that the secret ending is a slap in the face to anyone who actually bothers putting in the effort.  This game is a chain of three or four repeated puzzles playing in front of a series of evocative science fiction tropes with no ultimate meaning.  If you pick this game up, don't go in expecting closure.Ultimately, the game even fails at achieving what weird sci-fi is supposed to, which is to unnerve the audience.  Sure, the first time you encounter each new strangeness in Inside, you are unnerved.  And then you encounter it five more times and by the end of the game it's commonplace.You'd think that with all this repetition, Inside would have more internal consistency, but on no fewer than two occasions progressing in the game involves negation of things the game has taught you over and over again: adults want to stop you (except this once), and being attacked by Monster X ends the game (except this once).  Again, no explanations.I'm sure there's a story bible for Inside at Playdead.  I'm sure everything they've done here has meaning to them.  But if they don't communicate it in the game, it doesn't count.  And even if they did, it wouldn't salvage this lackluster walking-right simulator."
,Not Recommended,304430,28835169,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Big Dot,"Impressive but very very shortA very impressive piece of work. Elements of Abe’s Odyssey, but otherwise quite unlike anything I have played before.The game is dark and atmospheric but the puzzles are quite basic and there’s only a few hours of gameplay with little replayability value.Ultimately, Inside should be experienced for its artistic and technical value, but at £15 for five hours of gameplay I just cannot recommend it.Pick it up when it’s less than a fiver because it is a special game and I shall be very interested to see what the developers come up with next."
,Not Recommended,304430,25358841,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pier,"Although the art and the atmosphere are exceptional, it becomes boring pretty quickly."
,Recommended,304430,24230439,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gascoigne,Game of the Year
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,304430,29076605,Posted: 6 January,all,GaiaHero,"It's a real shame that smart puzzle loving players haven’t applied their logical skills to critically analyse this woefully pretentious story game. To put it succinctly this is another example of total vagaries packaged in a manner that on the surface seem rich with possible meaningful metaphors for the human experience we can all reflect on. Yet with some simple reflection there is so little that can be truly confirmed that the stories depth is totally defined by the meaning you ascribe to it aka this is lazy storytelling.The above is what truly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about this game that I picked up due to many game reviewer adding it to top 10 lists yet here we are with another example of pretentious game reviewers totally out of touch with gamers. Not only is the story telling lackluster the puzzles are consistently one of two kinds simple or cheap. You will find yourself either breezing though cliched logical puzzles or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with room which result in annoyance when you finally realise the mechanics work obtusely. Further examination reveals there was clearly little play testing that went into this game as several sections have odd inefficiencies that don't make any sense. Many environments in the game serve zero purpose even including background influencers to which you will wonder what is the point in this area ...?!If people are going to be honest the common criticism that this game is too short is misunderstood, I and I presume others don't have a problem with rich and compact stories hell movies are 2 hours also. In this case though the game was clearly rushed out and how anyone can’t see that is beyond me. There's is an obvious bigger vision the developers had and I'm sure for a fact if they release concept story ideas they will be far more epic in scale. Yet what pisses me off here is the seemingly lazy push to cut down on scale and keep things vague as possible in the hope that people presume depth without actually getting it. Even if this game was 10 hours instead of 2 it would not be worth the money, there's just so many things lacking here compared to other games for example the content rich OXENFREE story game.Try if you must given you can get through most of the game and refund it but I seriously warn you not to waste your time on this depressing version of a poor mans Abes Odessey. Lastly I'll note that most people haven't even finished the game yet have reviewed as such including the secret ending which is lacklustre just like this entire title.TL:DR - I hate this game but most people will just be bored..."
76561198045917087,Not Recommended,304430,24718724,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sawdat,"I get the appeal and understand why this game is so unique.  Its getting rave reviews everywhere and definitely will go down as a very memorable game.  So lets talk pros and cons:PROS:1) Great art style and unique animation/graphics2) Eerie and mind twisting plot/atmosphere3)... thats itCONS:1) The puzzles get old really quick,  Most of these puzzles seem so thought out to be randomly laid out in terms of their solution.  Eventually, the puzzles get old and I just want to move forward with the story,2) The story is too open to interpretation and the whole way you are wondering who the boy is, who the bad guys are, why are they hunting you, at some point I just got tired of wondering why things are they way they are and getting NO explanation.  Onve you finish it, you're gonna Google the ending explanations and digest whats there.  Not gonna spoil it, but it still left me disapoointed....3) There is absolutely no closure on the story in any way.  And I mean NONE.  I know they devs intended this but it just didnt set well with me.  And this is coming from someone who WORSHIPPED Journey, which I think has the same thought provoking moments that this game strives to have.All in all, its a decent game, but no where near the perfection Im reading from all these reviews.  It might sit well with you and knowing the type of games I like, I thought it was right up my alley too.  But the more I played it, the more I just wanted it to end...So I'll be the contrarian and say this game is unique and has its moments, but overall isnt a gem."
,Not Recommended,304430,24493750,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Junah,"If you liked Limbo, but thought it could use more water levels, then boy do I have the game for you."
,Recommended,304430,24164062,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GPriske,Its literally just perfect...
,Recommended,304430,24377342,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ravido,dafuq
76561197995221184,Not Recommended,304430,29554437,Posted: 28 January,all,taiyou473,You can't turn off antialiasing.
,Recommended,304430,29021626,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,well very gud but da end♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off cos i dunnno
76561197990219686,Recommended,304430,26775208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Screwby,If you don't buy this game you are an idiot.
76561198143446670,Recommended,304430,24718621,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,melmoth,Groundhog Day meets Billy's Baloon in the Twilight Zone.
76561197989130137,Not Recommended,304430,30327116,Posted: 4 March,all,Coll,"It's not a bad game, there's some goofy ""impossible game"" and ""hardest game in the world"" bs levels, but it's incredibly short. Came in at 2.5 hours and only missed 2 ""optional"" contraptions. Can't agree with the price for its length and there's some genuinely frustrating ""surprise you died!"" moments."
,Recommended,304430,27451006,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MaxOfS2D,"What if LIMBO was actually good?This is the answer.And oh man it is one of the greatest answers we could get. The world design, the animations, the art, the story — it's all amazing. I really wish I could get more into the latter but, any attempt to even start describing it would be a spoiler. It's best to play this blind as much as you can, kinda like UNDERTALE."
76561198000924671,Recommended,304430,28631154,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Toti ☭,<3
76561198262590383,Recommended,304430,28629420,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nestg00,GOOD GAME
76561198086355218,Recommended,304430,32355387,Posted: 11 June,all,LynnWellin,Great game
76561197970640416,Recommended,304430,24177003,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jasonbroesky_1,hope you like dogs :)
,Recommended,304430,24307747,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Java,Its great(9/10)
,Recommended,304430,29438949,Posted: 23 January,all,Tsuken,Welcome to Trump's America.
76561198028850175,Recommended,304430,24195370,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,usamasight,Taking 2D games to another level>>Pros :Great atmosphere ..Interesting Story keeps you wanting for more..Simple controls ..smart puzzles ..unique camera..super thrilling sequences ..amazing sound..Cons:No action and zero weapons..
,Recommended,304430,24413066,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jobert Panda Warrior,Running away from Dogs: The Video Game10/10
76561197968638937,Not Recommended,304430,28959690,Posted: 2 January,all,Sebi,"Well what the hell guys, the game is listed with 'full controller support', but my 360 controller does not work through steamlink. It's not listed in the minimum requirements so I bought it in order to play it in the living room.Not recomended until info is changed (made evident on store page: remove full controller support, etc..) or the problem is fixed."
76561198035245709,Not Recommended,304430,29546030,Posted: 28 January,all,Motig,"This game is art. As Limbo is.This game is beautiful.This game is worth playing.The reason I'm giving it a negative rating is because of the ending.The way this game ends is wrong. Completely wrong. It leaves you with the empty feeling that you have just wasted your time with this game.Yes, you will love it, you will enjoy it, you will wonder, you will be afraid, you will be amazed...Games like this...Inside and Limbo...they do not have a story, really, they just give you a sense of something...it's more an art, not really a game, and I believe the authors are sensitive enough to understand this.Without spoiling, the way this game ends is just wrong and it feels unfinished because of it. The story doesn't have to make sense ... but there is no sense of closure at all. The hints of the story...all the things and visuals you discover in this game, but it doesn't matter, really.The game starts one way and the last part of the game is something completely different, but this is NOT important as long as the game has some kind of...you know, unifying meaning.And games like this need to have this unifying meaning and it must be clear eventhough it is given to you indirectly.Like a sense of love, freedom, mutuality, family...something like that.INSIDE gave me just a sense of ""And now what."" at the end. Now I feel like I just played something random, just to kill time. And it's ♥♥♥♥ing awful because everything else is great in this game and it WAS great until the ♥♥♥♥ing ending which just degrades the whole amazing experience painfuly.Limbo had a sense of closure in it. The game ended well and thanks to this, the whole game was great.The last quarter of INSIDE is just ridiculous but I enjoyed it nevertheless. I really did, but in a ""Man, this is hilarious"" way, because that last part of the game really is like that. That's completely OK though, I do not have a problem with this at all, eventhough this last part is in incredibly ridiculous contrast to the beginning of the game.What I have problem with is that this game ends abruptly in this absurdity. The game starts as ""Oh man, this is so ♥♥♥♥ing tense..."", near the end it goes into an absurd horror which is not really a horror but an action movie in a horror setting. And then the game ends and nothing happens.What I have problem with is that they show you plenty of incredible stuff...but at the end it all feels like they aimed to do only this and nothing else. The game feels like they made the decision that ""Our players must love it, we must think of things that are successful"" instead of ""Let's make the game the way we want""...The uncomplete, meaningless, wasted ending♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. With it, the game feels unfinished (in a closure sense), random (thanks to the missing closure) and not worth the time."
,Recommended,304430,28856928,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kawaiian Pizza,I don't get it
76561198024291299,Not Recommended,304430,28714741,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Toolshop,"If you want to waste 2h on a puzzle game whit no story or lore what so ever this is the game for you.Sure the puzzles was uniqe and the sound was good but that's as far as the credits goes and it will not compensate to the huge amont of dissapointment you'll feel after finishing the game.save your money for another game, that's my recomendation!"
76561197988617780,Recommended,304430,24208231,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Brian Damegd,Great game but a little to easy and short. 8/10
,Recommended,304430,24168712,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,morten leed,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Cant wait for the next.this was absolutely insanely crazy good.scary, inspiring, weird, unexplainable, adrenalinfueling, gorgeous fun."
,Recommended,304430,24172817,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Grind,Strangest Beach Trip simulator ever.10/10 - Would sun tan again.
,Recommended,304430,28196725,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Asian_Glow,"This game is amazing, but don't buy it unless it's on sale."
76561198257901929,Recommended,304430,30794724,Posted: 28 March,all,Beaker09,"Finished this weeks ago, but the tears are still comingPlayed on my channel and it changed my life, 10/10"
76561198042399387,Recommended,304430,24230048,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,4wa,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198019546869,Recommended,304430,24249402,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Memetic,"Playdead once again knocks it out of the park with a riveting, breathtaking experience that is just as deep, complex, and confusing as LIMBO - if not moreso.INSIDE substitutes the dark, scary atmosphere of its predecessor with a bleak, creepy world, which the protagonist - once again a featureless boy - explores, affects, and suffers. There is an overarching theme of mind control, of featureless zombies being controlled by something or someone, it isn't very clear. While the tone is dramatically different than LIMBO's, I would argue the direction it takes is much more terrifying. Some of the best moments in LIMBO were the unsettling dismantling of the spider and the bleakness of the factory, and INSIDE nails the essence of those feelings and stretches them across a game almost twice as long.If you enjoyed LIMBO, calling this game a must-have doesn't do it justice."
,Recommended,304430,24415747,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,CPanda,"Better than FNAF, that's for sure.[ ✓ ] Angered the entirety of the FNAF community in just under 6 words"
76561198092447002,Recommended,304430,24792324,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Niiiiiathaniel,awsome game i just wish there was more to it
,Recommended,304430,24197147,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,hahabst1025,"this game is too sick to playdeath scene much more than Limboyou'll be regret to enter ""Inside"""
,Recommended,304430,24215046,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,helvetica hero,"ONE HELL OF A GAME. Stop reading about it, just play it for yourself."
76561198250694716,Recommended,304430,24381331,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mobi,perfect
76561198038899535,Recommended,304430,24200348,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,wonder_touti,WOW.
,Recommended,304430,30286632,Posted: 2 March,all,Nightgaunt,"Amazing linear 'Out of this World' esque platformer. Some of the most bizarre puzzle mechanics later in the game, which make every single one of them stand out. The story is interesting, the controls are top notch. So cool."
,Recommended,304430,29220035,Posted: 13 January,all,MrFlossberg,Amazing!
,Recommended,304430,30290444,Posted: 2 March,all,Botug,Really fun side scroller with a bizarre plot.
,Recommended,304430,25042439,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,M@r$$,I don't like dogs anymore.
,Recommended,304430,28881404,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zero Cool,"Inside is like a 2.5D successor to Limbo, though the setting and story is completely different. It builds upon an already amazing game, with more thought-out puzzles, improved graphics (though Limbo was all about aesthetics than graphics), great ambient music, and an even creepier and unsettling atmosphere/world. If you're a fan of Limbo, I HIGHLY recommend this."
76561198002585784,Recommended,304430,24583112,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Glaukovsky,"Well... This is one of the best games from 2016, until now. I know you cant please everybody... But it is strange see some people writing extensive negative analysis about Inside. Their lifes must be so awesome that this experience shouldnt affect them. Therefore, they shouldn't have time to talk about the things they ""think"" that is bad for this game so why bother? I am confused. Must be a boring existence."
,Recommended,304430,31168823,Posted: 15 April,all,Spaceman Spiff,great
,Not Recommended,304430,28090297,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Exploding_Potato,"I just want to start off by saying I did enjoy the game however,I do think the price tag is unreasonable.As far as puzzles go it was okay. Limbo was much harder to me.The story is... odd. It's one of those stories that means something different everyone.I don't think I'll ever play this again, not because it's bad, but it doesn't feel like there's anything else to do in it."
,Recommended,304430,24174894,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Super Yusk boy,"Didn't know I have bought ""A boy and his blob 2"" by accident.Btw, this game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,304430,24166307,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MC like a god church,10/10 would play LIMBO again
76561198100626542,Recommended,304430,26640991,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,nf0rcer | Vacum,Best video game ending/finale ...
,Recommended,304430,28613931,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jaro.pivarci,"A true visionary masterpiece!! difficult to describe, last 1 hour is so weird in a good way!"
76561198007193883,Recommended,304430,28616011,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Winterghost,great game
,Recommended,304430,24201198,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,pizzaboy199,It's good.
,Recommended,304430,32976177,Posted: 28 June,all,Doc Strange,"If you liked limbo or dark puzzles, this is pretty kool."
,Recommended,304430,24454818,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,enamel,"A gorgeous, atmospheric game, and a worthy successor to LIMBO. While the game is fairly short and the puzzles are not particularly challenging, the theme and environments more than make up for it's shortcomings. The artistry of this game is simply stunning, and like LIMBO before it, this is a must play."
,Recommended,304430,32386969,Posted: 13 June,all,one gigantic noob,"Started as a boy ended up as a sack of meet, sums up my life."
,Recommended,304430,24169599,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RockLOBSTER!#OnlyFail,"Oh boy, are you in for a treat. This game is worth every cent."
,Recommended,304430,24713399,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Windows 98,If you liked Limbo you will like this.
76561198011469485,Recommended,304430,24163306,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Staticated,"As a sequel to Limbo it's a worthy follow-up to Playdead's game(play)aesthetics, with subtle but still very noticeable improvements. If you liked Limbo, you'll definitely love Inside."
,Recommended,304430,24163347,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Vapre,"Funny, bright, optimistic - forget these words in this game.Melancholy is the right word for this art. You will feel it."
,Recommended,304430,28357155,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,xfnepzzz,GG
,Recommended,304430,30326057,Posted: 4 March,all,BadIronTree,WTF was that ? :D
,Recommended,304430,24232452,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Monte Cristo,Great game
,Recommended,304430,24232775,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gemini_Boy,Amazing
76561198058516418,Recommended,304430,31161331,Posted: 15 April,all,Salvador Salami,♥♥♥♥♥wont launch
76561197999686848,Recommended,304430,30286272,Posted: 2 March,all,Jonas72,"Atmospheric, weird, completely surreal in places... A fantastic game!"
76561198092171474,Recommended,304430,33037814,Posted: 30 June,all,PhanTasM,"Dude,.. if you like puzzle platformers ( in the spirit of Oddworld and Limbo and the such) buy this now,such a darkly cute game,.. the character's movement / intuition is amazingthe puzzles are more fun than a grind even if they are a little trial and error.the atmosphere is just superb, it has been a while since  i played a game in this genre and it welcomed me back heartilythis is a Gem on sale and totally worth its full ticket price"
,Not Recommended,304430,24215369,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Saninsince992,"While it is visually stunning and has a very unique style going for it, for what is basically a 2D Puzzle-Platformer, there isn't much to do here. The puzzles in here are some of the least original and easiest challenges you can find in the genre, and outside of them the game basically revolves around: Hold right and look at the pretty scenery.So, basically, the game has too many redundant and easy puzzles, offers no real story, originality, is overpriced on launch, is short (2 to 3 hours), and doesn't have much going for it outside of looking beautifully. And it is beautiful. But if you want anything more outside of interesting visuals, there are much better games that do everything better than INSIDE does."
,Not Recommended,304430,24554285,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hentai Hime,"Unfortunately not worth the $20 USD pricetag.It's a great game, the art is beautiful, the atmosphere is creepy, and the story is a wild ride, however after only getting max 2 hours gameplay, I feel as if the actual price paid doesn't measure up."
,Not Recommended,304430,24534106,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MooseBoys,"Overrated. Not bad, but not worth $20 or the 3 hours I spent of my precious little free time. The puzzles were all extremely easy and the ending was underwhelming. If you haven't played it, The Swapper was much better."
76561197971069766,Not Recommended,304430,24312488,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Magnuss,"2 hour game. It was interesting for most of those 2 hours, but not $20 interesting. Buy on super sale or watch a youtube video. It'll be the same experience."
,Not Recommended,304430,24192205,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ENIAC,Walk right for about three to four hours while solving intriquite and sometimes fun puzzles. Includes weird and unexplainable things going on all around that builds up to an ending that doesnt happen. Very gorgeus game but not worth 20 dollars.
76561197970889803,Not Recommended,304430,24533648,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Longnight,"Shallow, a nice presentation, classical 2D puzzle gameplay but very little substance.Limbo was much more poetic and enigmatic, Inside is a progression on tech and a set back in feelings."
76561197996523290,Not Recommended,304430,24233701,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SiiGz,"I was weary about buying this game for $20 dollars when I heard it was around 2-3 hours, but everyone was raving about how good it is, so I decided to buy it. I figured that the story would be great, the puzzles fun and challenging, and a dramatic ending. However, I feel that none of this was delivered. The story, while I understand it wasn't obvious, I found it completely underwhelming the whole time. The puzzles were way too easy, and really boring. Lastly, the ending was awful, I found no conclusion to the boring story. On top of all of this, there is absolutley no replayability. I expected more and meaningful content behind my purchase.Some food for thought. The Witcher 3: Blood and Wine expansion is also $20, the difference here is that it is and expansion and has way more content and replayability than this game."
76561197984564530,Not Recommended,304430,24267421,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,"Tea, Earl Grey, Hot.","I was a big fan of Limbo but not really one for this game. I didn't find that this game engaged me or kept my attention. I felt that the ending was lacking and incredibly bizarre. I think I understand where they were going with this story but I found it difficult to find the plot stimulating. I kept wondering when the game would get better, waited for a piece that would reel me in, but beyond one part that I found unique and very sci-fi the rest seemed like stitched-together pieces of concept art.While still maintaining a sense of the eerie, they went a very different direction with this game. This game was highly anticipated for years and I feel let down.I'm glad you're all enjoying it, I just don't see what everyone else does.My recommendation is to watch some gameplay online, maybe even spoil the ending for yourself and save the time and money."
76561198149084006,Not Recommended,304430,24625147,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Valandes,"This is an alright game, how ever I am not recommending it because of it's inappropreate price. The 3 hour gameplay only worth half of its price and the other half must has gone to the whatever anti crack system. I recommend buying it only during a sale."
,Not Recommended,304430,24353477,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,xab,"It's probably a love or hate thing, I ended up hating it. The gameplay was short, the puzzles were simple and while I should've felt something in the end, I just haven't (while Limbo had been one of my favourite games). As an allegory it's unclear and elusive, as a narrative play it's just short and not very successful, as a game it's a failure. The art style is beautiful, the animation and the sound design is wonderful - I really hoped for something as poetic as Upstream color, but it was nothing like that."
,Not Recommended,304430,24284515,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,WildCrd007,"Brief summary:It isn't that enjoyable and gets less interesting as it progresses. $20 Is too much to charge ($9.99 maybe). People who compare it to Limbo are probably focusing on basic gameplay and look. There is no story that would make playing the game again worth it or even finishing it when you get bored half way through. The same can be said for the achievements. I didn't recognize a story at all in the game. Some of the puzzles were interesting and fun though.More indepth review:I bought this game at full price from the reviews on steam and off. I was hesitant at first because to me it looked like a less intense version of Deadlight. While that's true, the 2 games aren't the same at all other than side scrolling and some of the puzzles. People have compared it to Limbo and I agree it is more similar to Limbo but it's not even close to a Limbo 2 if that's what you're hoping for.INSIDE isn't as difficult. Most puzzles are pretty easy to figure out without much trial and error. I had to take a break from the game in order to figure out one puzzle. I'm including avoiding / dodging enemies as part of the puzzles because it takes a minute or two to figure some of those parts out.When I got towards the end of the game I got completely confused about what was happening and why. The ONLY reason I kept playing the game is because I had to figure out what the purpose was. I got no answer, it didn't make sense and my first thought after the credits was ""For $1 more I could have gotten FF IX instead"".The only positive:I did get some enjoyment out of figuring out the puzzles but it wasn't much enjoyment because they were pretty easy."
,Not Recommended,304430,30953589,Posted: 4 April,all,[OKYPSO] toom87,"This game must not be for me.  I didn't like LIMBO, and I don't really like INSIDE, but it did seem a bit less annoying.  I'd say it goes from boring, to a little frustrating, to mostly gross, and generally unsatisfying."
,Not Recommended,304430,24730586,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Gabber,"4 hours long, game is good but ending ruined everything what this game was building up"
,Not Recommended,304430,24416522,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,a Smooth Criminal,"Alright. Did I enjoy this game? Yes. I enjoyed playing it very much. It was beautiful and suspensful without being outright scary, but it didn't deliever.And when I say it didn't deliever, I mean I didn't even know when the game was over. There was no indication (aside from the fact that I couldn't move anymore) that I'd reached the end. I only kept playing it because I was expecting something to tie everything together, but it never happened. I was wondering about the world while I played, but nothing was ever answered-- and not in the ""oh, how cool and interpretive!"" sort of way, more in the ""the ♥♥♥♥"" sort of way.I think the reason everyone is raving about it so much is because of the way it can be interpreted (I had to read three articles to glean a semblance of what was going on, and even then most of it hinged on the secret ending). ""So deep,"" the reveiwers said, ""we're the monster all along!!!"" << Kidding.The plot (???) aside, the game was beautiful. I saw people appluading the games soundtrack, which I'm going to argue with; it was very minimal. Was the sound design absolute excellent? Yes. The soundtrack? I can't remember a single memorable tune-- did the game have any music?Some of the puzzles stumped me, but I enjoyed solving them.Aboslutely NOT worth $20. Absolutely OVERHYPED. Absolutely UNDERDEVELOPED. Unsatisfying.If you're looking for a seriously suspensful experience with fantastic atmosphere and a VERY open-ended narrative, this is for you.When it's on sale, anyway.I wish I could return it.And I know people might think I didn't ""get"" the ending, but I'm not dumb. I understood the ending, but I feel like it killed the narrative cold."
,Not Recommended,304430,24387584,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,wormroom,"I love Prince of Persia (the old 2D games), Flashback, and all of the other gameplay inspirations for Inside. I think the gameplay for Inside is god-awful. The puzzles are frustratingly simplistic, and executing many of them once you know the answer takes too long. I'd often find myself thinking up elaborate solutions to puzzles that actually boiled down to ""have a running start when you press a button.""The game's aesthetic is neat, but the narrative it frames is delivered in an overly obtuse manner that opens the game up to many possible interpretations. Many artistic works utilize this device, but it doesn't really work here. There's a cool moment near the end that I will not spoil, although there was no ah-ha moment for me when I discovered the game's twist. It was mostly just weird and cool. Ultimately, though, there was not a single moment where I gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what I was doing besides walking to the right side of the screen.The game is worth $20, because video games should not be measured by length. It's pretty and the animations are really impressive.I didn't like it all that much. I expect that it will be quite popular within the YouTuber and games journalism communities, because it is easy to play and obtuse enough to make cool clickbait that copy/pastes forum posts from people who overthink the story. Personally, I wouldn't reccomend this to fans of the jump-around, one-hit-kill genre. I wish there was an ""Acknowledge game as good"" button, but there isn't so I guess I'll click the ""no"" button. Sorry to all who will downvote this as unhelpful as a result, and please continue to enjoy this game if you currently do."
,Recommended,304430,24414846,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Smithfield,"ENNotes:v. 0 -Here I am once again. Once again… disappointed. Beside that assertion being quite pretentious, if I had to attach one word to INSIDE, it would be “brilliant”. Nevertheless, one never gets to know a game for a single piece of art floating in the void. Critical point being that LIMBO already happened. Like you, I’m looking at INSIDE as a gamer with a past. I’m looking at INSIDE through your eyes, ones of its authors…I shall get to that later.Rarely can we witness developers having such an opportunity to care, to breathe quality into their opus. Even rarer, among developers having that opportunity, can we witness them capable of reaching such state of excellency.So yes, I did take the full measure of animation quality, of artistic consistency along the whole experience. Perfectly controlled voidness of sets, carefully tinkered range of color tones, to create never totally dark domains. A realm of gloom favorable to modern anxiety, societal anxiety.Yes, I do acknowledge the new “initiative” of the camera, as another flawless victory; despite it is barely moving around its axis, I could nearly speak of audacity as it emphasis a scene, a set or an action.  The same stands for the soundtrack, thoroughly matching the action as you, the player, unfolds it. Waiting for you, surprising you.Yes to all and not only. Allow me to tell you how that universe — partly set across the end of our reality; “where all mega plant get derelict at some point” and the rise of whatever supra-natural dystopian era — inspired me and fed my soul. It was like being in Portal 2 again — a compliment, yes. But allow me too to regret how minimal was that “Abe’s Oddworld” touch. Restricted in each direction by the scrolling. Level design pattern strictly denying any means for the player to linger, to wonder and to seize the mystery making it his… As for most puzzles, each times the solution gets imposed to you regardless of how reluctant you might try to be. You don’t get to solve a problem because you’re smart but rather because unknown factors are very limited, the number of things to try is limited (same goes for achievement).Such an exceptional imagination, locked in so called 2.5D. Why would someone create such a magnum opus universe and then refuses the spectator the right to fully apprehend it. Yes, it’s their medium, their mean to craft silent narration… I know. Anyway, if it’s the case, if scrolling progression is the best way to cast mysterious laconic mood, this only reason is not enough. Let’s not call Playdead “Salvador Dali” right away  still I hope the side scrolling model was maintained to guarantee strong identity rather than to be sure it could be easily ported on nearly any existing platform (especially because of control implied by side scrolling rather than 3D complexity) on any platform.What did change since LIMBO? Six years and still a kid, still a small step aside from our reality, still dark, gloomy, muted, minimalist…After LIMBO I was expecting you, Playdead, to shake my walls again. But you went for the no-risk option. Geniuses can’t afford to be satisfied without leaving the comfort zone. Now all you have is the insurance that at least, you confirmed your talent and skills at video game craftsmanship. A minor reward in comparison of your worth.th.bystander effect, Collective consciousness, compliance & disobediance, industrial complex, dystopy, life desecration, secret society, elite, body snatchercf.Feist, Sym, Oxenfree, Never Alone, Closure, Portal, LIMBO, The Swapper, Superbrothers, Monochroma, Machinarium, Oddworld, The Box (movie/book)- -Smithfield'in rehab.'"
76561197993264114,Not Recommended,304430,24359214,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Tedd,"For $20 I can't recommend this game.A good price would be around $5 or $10.Gameplay is sluggish, puzzles are pretty simple and overall story is only....eh.7/10, would not play again."
76561198027872110,Not Recommended,304430,24380132,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,whatabonus,"Visually stunning game with an interesting premise but honestly, I felt this was lacking something which is a shame because I really enjoyed Limbo. I was left feeling very unsatisfied at the end of the game, even knowing that it would the plot would likely be vague and up to interpretation. This wasn't helped by taking only a little under 4 hours to complete - and I was fairly thorough about taking in the sights. None of the puzzles were especially challenging (and some were downright annoying as I found often the difficulty came from timing rather than actually figuring out what was required) and certainly the ones during the finale were not up to scratch (though I will admit that terrorizing the place felt good!). All in all it's not a bad game but it didn't live up to expectations despite many glowing reviews and not really worth the money in my opinion - I've gotten a far better experience out of similarly priced games (some that are still in Alpha!) than I did from this. Sorry Playdead."
76561197995036317,Not Recommended,304430,33411202,Posted: 9 July,all,SAVCI,"In first ten minutes, I liked the polished game and was hopeful about the story. I hated the fact that they pulled a Bioschock. 5 years of development for this... Buy it on sale, never for the actual price. Also beware, people who love this game are generally hipsters who love to be the smartest person in the room by over - appreciating things that are not important"
,Not Recommended,304430,24785167,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,FuzzyPones,"It's a very short walking-simulator with ""some"" average difficulty puzzles (some of them i wouldn't even consider to be one). A lot of parts demand such an insane pixel perfect manouver that you just waste time while you almost got it, just were 2 pixels off or milliseconds too late.The story is none, you just ""be"" until the end and then left off to yourself to come up with something.It's not dark-soul-esque storytelling where you get hints and clues for the story it's just completely random.What it desperately needs is a bit more in-game cutscene, maybe even silent or just atmospheric but something to hold on to, establish the world a bit more. All those designed backgrounds and stuff feels completely wasted and frankly i can't even remember most of it.It's like a city bus tour with the guy explaining having his day off.For what it is, it's not worth 20 bucks but maybe 10 for the effort if you like artsy games which it definetly is.But i can name so much more games that are worth the money it's really hard to recommend it so i give it a ""No""."
,Not Recommended,304430,28083121,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Luprii,"Trailer made it look like a stealth platformer, rather than a puzzle platformer. While it looks good, gameplay, replay value, plot, and difficulty do not justify the price tag. The ending didn't help much, either."
,Not Recommended,304430,31189025,Posted: 16 April,all,rBST Cow,"20$ for a game that gives you 5 hours of gameplay and 0 replayability value. While the game may be fun, it's just way to overpriced for what you get. I would pay 10$ max for something like this."
76561197972025376,Not Recommended,304430,28296076,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,justintd,"This is Limbo with better graphics but easier puzzles. It took me 4 hours to beat it, and most of those 4 hours were simply running. This is not worth $20. I don't understand why this is so hyped. The ending is very anticlimactic too. Limbo is better."
76561197994496229,Not Recommended,304430,33885621,Posted: 29 July,all,Dexter D.D.,"Unique and stylish visuals, interesting game mechanics, but there is just no plot to tie it all together. Levels seem to be randomly put together one after another, games lor is never explained properly. Sometimes game hints player what's going on through a piece of background, but at the same time there are the whole sections and mechanics that are there purely for aesthetics and add nothing to the plot whatsoever.If you are just looking for a stylish casual indie game to play for a couple of hours, that's a perfect choise. Otherwise, you might be left disappointed."
,Not Recommended,304430,33620273,Posted: 17 July,all,Ub3rsoldat,"I am a big fan of Limbo and have replayed Limbo several times; this is not the sequal I was expecting.  There is only three hours of gameplay and the few puzzles are fairly easy.  Even though both games are linear, there is so little to do in each puzzle that this game felt too linear.  Three hours of this content is not worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,304430,31288095,Posted: 21 April,all,SkeletalCat,"This game doesn't explain much, and is not intuituve at all....interesting storyline, though."
76561198029782310,Not Recommended,304430,24514938,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BrianvTV,I had high hopes for this game but I've been let down.Gameplay is actually quite boring and repetitive in my opinion.Was hoping there was a clearer explanation of the game's story at the end. The artwork and animation is beautiful tho! I would definitely wait for a sale as I believe it's not worth the $20 price tag. It has been overhyped. 5/10
76561198337082467,Not Recommended,304430,28728313,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,carlabrowne_2,cannot get it to run or open.when i click on the game to open it i get an error and it says the game is already open. I can't play the game
,Not Recommended,304430,29413129,Posted: 21 January,all,serton,"I just completed the game. It was interesting and I did it in one sitting. I kept hoping against hope that the unusual setting and story would get a little bit more of an explanation as it went through. No it never did.In fact in my opinion the ending just introduces more questions, and not in a 'huh I'll think about that now' kind of way. It introduces the questions in a, 'well that changed my perception of the game from intriguing to contempt.'Contempt may be a strong word to use but when it concluded and those credits rolled I said, ""well that was♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Which is a shame as I enjoyed the experience, the graphics were enjoyable, the idea was good, some levels really stuck with me and the puzzles were never so hard as to leave me too stumped (except one involving a mermaid).I do not mind mystery, but there is a mysterious story and then there's a downright obtuse one. This falls in the obtuse category.So no, while it is enjoyable experience, I feel like a sour taste has been left and I can not recommend it.Also if you note my playtime at less than 4 hours to complete the game, I have to add that the price point really is not justified and it should be cheaper."
76561198032226696,Not Recommended,304430,24308547,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Vrom,wtf did I just play?
76561198025519479,Recommended,304430,24245000,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TenaciousToaster,"Great game, but wait for it to go on sale unless you are okay with $22 for 2.5 hours of content."
76561198032700487,Not Recommended,304430,29717757,Posted: 5 February,all,heyitsluke,"First, to get the basic review out of the way: $20 for 4 hours of gameplay is not worth it, especially with a game that is so little fun.My takeaway from INSIDE is that the creators have given us mostly a sort of montage of psychological affect and criticisms of society.1) The protagonist (the boy) spends the game escaping. Who knows from what and to where. He has exactly one escape route and there is no element of chance in his journey whatsoever. There are alternate routes everywhere to his left and right but they are completely off limits. This could easily be a statement on free will vs. fate if not due to the simple fact that this is a platform game. You get a sense of hopelessness and drudgery from his existence. The escape ends with the boy stuck in a giant mangled proto-drone blob. It's a cynical ""F you"" to the basic human drive for survival and to the player.2) The game world is one of these cold dystopian worlds where some masked upper-class society uses literal slaves, these being drones bred in giant tanks to serve them. This possibly ties in with the idea that we are all just slaves and really have no free will and what-not.3) Broads will chew you up and spit you out, unless you can outsmart them. That's the message of the ghostly water-girl that seems to try incessantly to maul and/or♥♥♥♥♥♥you in the dark deep abyss until she finally gives in and gifts you the ability to breathe underwater.4) The boy is a special snowflake in that he is the sole entity that is not part of either of the two groups in the game: the fascist technological elite and the slave drones. This character wants nothing to do with anything and gives you a sense of being completely alien and alone. Anything he does interact with that won't and can't kill him are just more drones.  Most players probably prefer a character with some meaningful connection to other characters.5) The player is always being watched. There's always a light in the distance or people standing around gawking at him. This is the primary motivator to get the hell out and get it all over with. The player feels very vulnerable the entire game, but fortunately the player is given a character that is a special genius who can escape any threats the high-tech dystopia can throw at him by doing nothing but running and jumping.6) The player controlling the monstrous proto-drone blob is great comic relief but might also reveal some insecurities of the developers. It's basically the fantasy of any kid who is perpetually bullied. The boy becomes an invulnerable hulk and society gets their comeuppance. The ""normies"" are shocked as he smashes and wantonly kills in an effort to escape them. Finally he runs out of steam and cries it out as the credits roll.This game isn't as confusing as people are saying. It is fun to come up with theories but the ambiguity is basically a result of the game being so short and providing no background. It's about atmosphere and mood. Once the four hours is over you'll be left with little but melancholy both from the game and from having twenty dollars less in your bank account."
,Not Recommended,304430,33582873,Posted: 16 July,all,Arawuusmies,"While the scenery, animations and atmosphere certainly are very nicely done, the game lacks in story telling, which in the end left me with more questions than answers. Because I enjoy good stories, this didn't deliver. And it wasn't 1984."
76561198072026241,Recommended,304430,28745175,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Sure
76561198105729422,Not Recommended,304430,31096567,Posted: 12 April,all,根据相关法律法规，名字未显示,"I like the LIMBO,but don't like this one. iIt's not logical,there are more spirits,and a little horrible.The big dog or maybe the wolf is so brutal."
,Recommended,304430,24332589,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Magic Johnson,Good gaem!
76561198039659613,Recommended,304430,24381463,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Soybean,Oh
76561198046164389,Recommended,304430,24182037,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OVER DRIVE,Good game but not worth $20...
,Recommended,304430,24170856,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,.Adriansun,Good game with suprizez here and there
76561198131059319,Not Recommended,304430,34957223,Posted: 14 September,all,moxious maneuver,"The begining of the game looks good and I love LIMBO however, my game video crashes every time I get to a certain point near the beining of the game right after the van with the search light passes by. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game and tried everything else I could think of but I can not get part that point without the game crashing."
,Recommended,304430,24249323,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,"Velkon,",Good game
,Recommended,304430,24693808,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gwaibean,fatmanballsss
76561198056110362,Not Recommended,304430,29807131,Posted: 9 February,all,ricehigh,"I found the puzzles to be way too simple, the story lackluster and the game way too short for the price(I am glad it was short because I wanted it to be overwith, but still a 20e game should take more than 3.5 hours). The universe is interesting and it could probably have some potential, but I did not enjoy it at all."
,Recommended,304430,24174438,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Joker,"This game is amazing. If you loved LIMBO, buy it. If you love amazing narratives told without any words and only with visuals, buy it. Actually no, buy it, period!"
76561198056431699,Not Recommended,304430,35504793,Posted: 5 October,all,Pirefyro,"This game, like Limbo, is nothing more than a timesink. Boredom sets in quickly."
76561198000978990,Recommended,304430,25624014,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Med,Cool
76561197994831077,Not Recommended,304430,24221229,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,A G H,"I am amazed at the near universal adoration this game is getting, which I think is far more reflective of the poor gaming offerings available than the strength of this game...Basically this is an overpriced Limbo clone that is SO REPETITIVE it's painful...the puzzles are simple, you'll use the same mechanics over and over and over and over again, which in a three hour game is inexcusable...at $2, I'd say this was a solid platformer...at $21 it's a joke. I wish I'd gotten a refund.EDIT - After finishing, let me say the last 1/3 of the game is terrible on an epic level. It may be the worst last 1/3 of a game I have ever played and I downloaded DOOM's shareware 1st section from a BBS! (yes, I have been playing games that long). The ending is terrible. Just terrible.Go play Limbo...give this a pass or, at best, wait until it's $3 in a Steam sale. Bleh"
,Recommended,304430,24233376,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Alina Kalenich,INSIDE
,Not Recommended,304430,24184180,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hargate.u,"While it looks amazing and is plenty of fun, I cannot recommend it at full price. Wait until it goes on sale for less than $10."
,Not Recommended,304430,26446757,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hyperspeed1313,"Other Games Offer Much More for Much LessINSIDEis a game all about the mystery and the suspense andthe scare. Unfortunately, I find myself asking all the wrong questions to be immersed in this game. The jump scares (that this game lives on) don't work on me because I almost expect them before they happen. The mystery about what is going on is overshadowed by how such a massive project could go unnoticed. And the big killjoy is that I can't see for the life of me a single ♥♥♥♥ing reason why this kid would ever keep going once the guard dogs showed up.This game is trying to build up its suspense in ever more elaborate ways, but I just don't get that vibe from it. It's an interesting storyline, sure. But it's not gripping, and this game is dependent on its storyline for your attention. The gameplay is a complicated puzzle-platformer style that, while challenging, wasn't very engaging. Most solutions are overly obvious and the few that aren't will only take you a couple of minutes to figure out. The true challenge of these puzzles is going through the somewhat tedious motions to get past them.I wanted to like this game, especially after the trailers and the unique style of gameplay it seemed to present, as well as that ever-captivating story it all seemed to promise. The problem is that the gameplay is generic puzzler, and the storyline just isn't that captivating. Perhaps if horror style games affect you more than they do me, this game may be for you. However, for the slow storyline and boring gameplay I'm getting, I would never pay more than $10 for this game. Sorry guys. It looked good and I know you wanted to share something, but there's not enough making me want to keep playing."
76561198032278862,Not Recommended,304430,24373196,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Virtualnsanity,"More of an exercise in art work than a game really. Can become quite tedious at times.Definitely not worth $20.00, wait till it goes on sale for 10.00 or less."
,Recommended,304430,24165122,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[funky electronic music],What in the hell
,Not Recommended,304430,27514365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SLUGGER,Looks good and plays well. WAY to short to justify the cost. Finished in 3 hours and I'm the type of gamer who rarely finishes games. Maybe worth 5 bucks. Giving a thumbs down due to short game.
,Not Recommended,304430,24326867,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tardis Prime,An intriguing world and artistic style that is ruined by bad gameplay and puzzle solutions that are way too tedious.
,Not Recommended,304430,24416884,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Disapproval*I'm gonna go against the stream and say this is overhyped. The lack of varied gameplay makes my right ring finger hurt. You just keep running right. The short puzzles are just not enough to keep the strain off my ring finger. After one hour of going right I had to stop. And no, I'm not getting a gamepad just because they can't be arsed to make a varied gameplay.The game is atmospheric, I'll give them that."
76561198034881213,Not Recommended,304430,27903300,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kj22601,The reviews I have read on this game were mostly good with some saying it is contender for game of the year. All I can say is are you kidding me. Unless there is a 2D game of the year catagory this game no chance of being game of the year. It reminded me of games I used to play on atari and on windows 95. Yes the visual effects were not bad if you like your game in shades of grey. The ending is like a bad movie ending leaving you going WTF.Maybe there are some who like this type of game and you are one. I am not. I have created games like this using Flash.It is not a complete waist of time. Some of the puzzles were chalenging. But over all. I wish I hadn't bought it.In a day and age with near real graphics and 3D play this is a throw back to a time when better wasn't available. Today it is.In 1998 this would win game of the year. In 2016 it doesn't even make the list.
,Not Recommended,304430,24225863,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NotJustin,"Honestly I'm all for story telling games and puzzle games I am really. Like I'm one of those guys who likes to even play walking simulators as long as there is something behind it. But I can tell you beyond a doubt I am VERY disappointed in Inside. I'm normally one not to make a review for a game; even if I REALLY enjoyed it, but I was just so disheartened by the outcome of this game. Although another thing I want to point out is I have never played Limbo before so maybe(?) it contributed to my disliking of the game because I am not used to the game developer's style.Okay so starting off the puzzles are kinda eh. I mean some take some time to really think about to solve but I felt that the puzzles were only there so you weren't just holding the left arrow for 3 whole hours. And there were some puzzles in there that I felt were only there for the purpose of making you go through that same puzzle multiple times. Maybe to some that might feel rewarding finishing it after so many but I felt frustrated by the amount of times I did it when I already knew the solution to the problem. Another thing not really puzzle related but more gameplay-wise was I found it annoying to go down ladders on an edge because it would never register me going down so I would run of the cliff, respawn, then go down the ladder and this basically happened at every downwards ladder.Another issue I had with the game was the ridiculous price. $20 for a 3 hour game (that was not enjoyable) was a very upsetting price for me I concluded after finishing. Thats $6.66 dollars an hour. One of my favorite game story game, The Walking Dead, (to atleast keep simular genres ish) was the exact same price except I was able to enjoyably replay through it multiple times over (where as Inside does not have that great of replayability) and spend 31 hours for the same price as just ONE HOUR of this game. This game is NOT worth the price whatsoever, and honestly neither were the hours I spent playing this game worth it.Okay the last part of my review and probably the thing I didn't like the most about the game: The STORY. I was hoping for SO MUCH MORE from this story than what I ended up getting. For a game IGN rated 10/10, I was expected Last of Us quality♥♥♥♥♥♥ But I was FAR from it. One thing I will give to Inside is its atmosphere and setting are really interesting. It's a pretty cool area to explore and has interesting ideas to it. And now the spoiler-free not so great part. The story behind the game is pointless. There are not even the hint of explanation of to why anything is happening at all. The game gives you 3 different story branches (none of which even remotely connecting in my opinion) and just never bothers to finish ANY of them. The game basically is like, ""Oh you wanted to know what is happening? Well it's pretty simple actually.. OH HEY LOOK A SQUIRREL!"" and then proceeds to chase after it for the next 20 minutes except you never even get a clue or hint to what is happening. The whole game I was just questioned the reasoning behind why literally everything worked the way it did but its like talking to a wall.And finally:SPOILER TALKThe whole plot was really dumb. Like really dumb. The game goes from a boy wandering into a factory for no reason whatsoever and begins using these mind control helmets to control maniquin'esk people. Okay, so from that alone MAYBE it would be an okay plot, but nope. The story takes two wrong turns in to the strangest, most bizzare storys I've seen. So after controlling people in the factory he somehow makes his way underwater were these aquatic demonic Troll Dolls live and for some reason have like the biggest urge to kill you until one at the very end desides to save your life by not ripping your organs until you float to this portal that gives you waterbreathing super powers and reverse water and land physics. Okay so its getting wierd, but still tolerable. THEN THE DEVELOPERS DECIDED TO GO ON LIKE A DRUG HIGH FINALE AND DECIDED THE BOY WENT ALL THE WAY FROM THE FOREST TO THE FACTORY TO UNDERWATER TO A LAB TO BECOME ONE WITH THE MANIQUINS INTO A HUMAN CENTIPEDE BALL OF LARD THAT ROLLS ALL THE WAY TO THE BEACH LIKE A BOULDER.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥. HOW IS THIS AN AMAZING STORY THAT LEAVES ""INTRUGE, WONDER, AND SHOCK ON TOP OF THOSE AND NEVER LETS UP"" AND IS A ""THOUGHT-PROVOKING AND MYSTERIOUS MASTERPIECE""???????? IGN WOULD YOU CARE TO ELABORATE. NOTJUSTIN 0/10 -WOULD RATHER SPEND $20 ON A HIGH FIVE."
,Recommended,304430,33140468,Posted: 2 July,all,Max,Just buy it
76561198037933211,Not Recommended,304430,25977674,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ambitious Minnow,"So far... I'm seriously underwhelmed?  I loved Limbo, and had very high expectations for this since they called it the ""Spiritual Successor"" to Limbo.  Mostly this game consisted of walking right, sometimes walking left or jumping, and then just dragging stuff to obvious places?  I don't think I really attempted anything I would actually call a puzzle?I think with enough time, a persistant 5 to 6 year old could get through most if not all of these 'puzzles.'  That's pretty disappointing from the Limbo team.  =(  This felt like some other posters mentioned, more like an engine demonstration than a game, and I'm not a fan of kicking out my money for that kind cr*p.Cannot recommend.  =("
76561197971119363,Not Recommended,304430,29424585,Posted: 22 January,all,Daki,"In this game you walk right for a few hours until the game ends. There are some very basic puzzles along the way, but this is barely even a game. It looks nice and the animations and lighting are very good."
76561198146217148,Not Recommended,304430,24945365,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,moderncrysiz,the puzzles where too easy and felt like the only challenge was holding down D do not buy unless on sale for 5$.
76561197999239858,Not Recommended,304430,25688721,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,EdgarMillen,"nice idea, but really poor execution, too bad because it looks great.  There is only one specific way to play each puzzle or interaction, therefore there is no real ""gameplay"", just a regurgitation of the way the game is meant to play out, and often you have to die a few times to figure out what the game wants you to do."
,Not Recommended,304430,24575080,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,awkner,"The narrative is great, the visuals are stunning, but the puzzles are so incredibly boring that they ruined everything else for me... If you didn't like Limbo because of the puzzles (like me), you probably won't like this one either. It's pretty much the same thing. They're very, very basic, and feel more like an unecessary complication of the path than a problem you have to think about and resolve. There's a very small number of crates you can push to climb on top and still have fun with in puzzles...I love Playdead, but man do I look forward for when (if?) they venture into other game genres."
76561198074322635,Not Recommended,304430,26194477,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,jwanaps,"The game starts of great, and is really thrilling, but it just becomes another Limbo. The game is overated. Don't listen to the hype, game has no good characters, and the puzzles, are a rehash of limbo. 5/10Art direction is great, about all..."
,Recommended,304430,24168648,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GiLneration,ArtThis game is artCan`t rate artCan't judge artArt is artArt/10
76561198295923785,Not Recommended,304430,24665720,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pulla!,"Nice like limbo but too short (3,7 hours from start to end), not enough deaths/traps and not enough puzzles. It could have been a lot better with more horror, fast paced action and/or hard to solve elements added."
76561198087007176,Recommended,304430,30933890,Posted: 3 April,all,bassjunkie64,awesome game please make more
76561197970465924,Not Recommended,304430,28312885,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Core2029,"While I can appreciate the complete ripoff of Eric Chahi's style from Another World/Out of This World, I've grown to detest games that repeatedly instakill you while you try and figure precisely what the developers intend you to do to progress.  It's like playing a horrible version of Simon Says without Simon saying a thing."
76561198066508438,Not Recommended,304430,34982588,Posted: 15 September,all,SQuarrels,"How to describe my likes and dislikes of this game is quite complex. The animation and movement of the characters is amazing. The puzzles were a lot of fun though not overly complicated. The sense of danger around each structure and through each puddle of water really adds a lot to the enjoyment of the game. They do a great job sucking you into the environment.That being said, there is NO way I can recommend this game. While the animation is somewhat cartoonish the content of this game is definitely not for children. If your character gets caught - plan on a gruesome ending, particularly if the dogs get to you. The ending is quite disturbing. I did play it through to the end hoping for some redeemable valuable - but nope there was none. If I could go back, knowing what I know now, I would not play this game. Play at your own risk, but if you do, be prepared for some grotesque details, and ultimately -- disappointment in the ending."
76561198131596550,Not Recommended,304430,24480639,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,H UNIT,"noooopethose type of games are my fav but its waaaaaaaaaaay tooo short without mega hard puzzles , recommend a walkthrough on youtube is more worth than buying it"
76561198120753682,Not Recommended,304430,25269102,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,IHateurCat,"This game had potential.  Good art, decent soundtrack and great suspense.  However, it is entirely ruined by a complete lack of information combined with a ""trial and error"" play mode.  The game gives you almost no information (barely even enough for an educated guess) on who your character is or why he is doing what he is.  This is a common style, however, so it wasn't too bad.  What really made me unable to enjoy the game was the fact that a lot of the 'puzzles' were essentially impossible to beat without dying while trying to figure it out.   This served as a constant reminder that this was nothing more than a game, and constantly took me out of the story.  The game was decent overall, but any game where you can't win unless you already know what to do is in my opinion very poorly thought out."
,Not Recommended,304430,25084250,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,DasWunderKind,"Inside is a game beautifully done on the outside but not so much on the inside.This is the second game made by the creators of Limbo a great title that created a lot of following back when it released.Inside hopes to pick up that following and be better and bigger than their last project.Unfortunatly Inside has some jarring issues that might take you aback if you are unknown of Limbo.First the good stuff, from the get go the art style is stunning as well as the use of sound and SFX, I really enjoyed my time with it, the puzzles never get repetitive or boring or too hard to do they all feel great and lots of fun.On the downside the story is left for you to figure it out with an horrible ending that is very hard to swallow or even accept.Altough its left for the player to interpret it I do feel it could have been done a lot better.The other huge issue I have with the game is the Price/duration...its $20 right now and as such just a 4 hour game MAX.I cant recommend this game with that price at all, its a short experience with no reason to replay except for the achievments.If it goes on sale below $15 I can say with all confidence to grab it, otherwise I highly recommend to wait.Score: 7/10Achievements: 2/10 all achievements are based in finding the secret areas which with a guide is very easy and in case you missed one you can start at any chapter to grab them."
,Not Recommended,304430,30414151,Posted: 9 March,all,maikel,"Did I enjoy it, YEAH, would I recommend it, NO! tl;dr: For 15 pounds I expected days of gameplay, not 2 hours and a half.Reasons:Positive:The puzzles won't break your brain, it's about timing, doing the right thing at the right time. It's easy and hard enough for you to complete it without help. Yet it is complex enough to be fun as well. The graphics are nice and the black effect gives you a lead of the areas you shouldn't explore because there's nothing.Negative:Poor mobility, appart from forward/backwrd that's it for most of the game. Inability to run, sometimes I just want the boy to run so i can quickly go back to where I know I have to go. Inability to make it slightly harder. Impossible to get out of the bloody bloob/meatball/limbsball whichever way you call it.The worst bits:The ending & the duration. For 15 pounds I expected DAYS of gameplay not literally 2 hours and a half. I feel ripped off. The game is good enough but it shouldn't cost more than 6 pounds. Do not buy until it's in offer."
76561198059941780,Recommended,304430,24167726,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lil svg,Buy it and play.
,Recommended,304430,28784792,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,madlarkin8,So strange. So worth every penny.
76561198293632554,Recommended,304430,30933628,Posted: 3 April,all,Ken[Z] :^),good
,Recommended,304430,24182150,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frederick Lembart,10/10
76561198070102706,Recommended,304430,31455071,Posted: 29 April,all,sumolagann,.
76561198085664630,Recommended,304430,24234407,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ramteen,"Masterpiece, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,304430,27588362,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zero boom,"Much easier than LIMBO.Personally, I don't think it worth my money."
76561198046275622,Not Recommended,304430,30209241,Posted: 26 February,all,BlackIce,"Overall I'd say get this game if it's like under $10. It isn't rewarding, not nearly as intriguing as Limbo, and it's only got like 2 hours of gameplay going in blind. It really was just repititive and the puzzles were mediocre at best. Nothing too diffiuclt or complex. I honestly don't understand the praise this game got. Maybe because it is like Limbo? That isn't a great enough reason to like or want this game. Perhaps I overestimated PlayDead and went in with the same expectations I had for Limbo. I don't write reviews often and I most certainly don't give out negative ones as well. Perhaps it's because I want people to see this thumbs down in a sea of thumbs up so people see what went wrong. By no means is it terrible but it isn't a masterpiece, it isn't a great game, and it isn't worth spending $20. Spend that on Left 4 Dead 2 or something of the sort. Way better purchase there then here. Otherwise if it's on sale pick it up. Not gonna go wrong with it being less than $10."
,Not Recommended,304430,24496856,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Game Daddy,"This game thinks being ""Weird"" equals being good. The puzzles are mind numbingly easy and the ""Story"" is non exsistant. You are never given any context to who your character is and what your doing or why you are doing it. And the end of this game is the most insane ending ive ever seen and i dont mean that in a good way. Its like they tossed a bunch of ideas into a hat and thats how they designed the game. The game has very little variety and what little it has coppied Limbo. Its lazy from begining to end.Its short, poorly made, and copies its game play from limbo on top of being VERY short. If you can get this thing for 5 bucks  then go for it but at 20 bucks its a rip off."
,Not Recommended,304430,24207948,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kal Al,"I want to recommend this game, I really do. It has an imaginative world and great style, fun puzzles and cinematic/terrifying moments. It’s just too expensive.I played through it in an afternoon, and when I was finished I was a bit underwhelmed by the story in general. It felt like the journey ended in a place that had nothing to do with where it started out, and the world itself does not really get any more intelligible as the game progresses. Everything gets weirder and weirder and weirder, and then the game is over. And that’s disappointing because I had become invested in the story and increasingly anxious to understand the game’s world. I got the sense that the developers wanted each new area to be more unbelievable than the last, but they never reached a point where they decided to wrap back around and make everything fit together.If this were a 10 dollar game, I wouldn’t have any complaints. It took me on a cool, fun ride for an afternoon and for that I would be satisfied. But I just don’t think the game has enough there for 20 dollars. Which is a shame to say because I know that the developers spent a very long time making it. I guess it just depends on the individual player and the sense each person has of how much game they expect to get for 20 dollars. Maybe 20 bucks sounds great to you for an afternoon of fun. Or maybe you will love this world and this story so much that you wish you could have payed 60 for it. I just don’t fall into either of those categories and for that reason I sadly cannot recommend Inside."
76561198317220487,Not Recommended,304430,24220282,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,zhucijar,i would not recomand this game. simply because it is too short. not woth for 20 bucks. but still a good game.
76561198068032928,Not Recommended,304430,28605124,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,1Piecer,"I been sold on the idea of a mystery Limbo game and what's inside. What do we get? The most laziest WTF is this Sh*t ending I ever seen in my entire life. Any ending is far better than this Sh*t, I wish they would say this is a dream, and that is an indication of how lazy the ending was.Don't get me wrong, the journey of the game was FINE and the puzzles are easier than Limbo. It's good, and people love it for that. But for people like me who tried their best to see the atmosphere of the world and try to imagine been a part of it, will seriously get a huge slap to the face with that ending. I mean WHY? Couldn't you explain some things likeWhat is that girl in the water? Why do people turn into mindless slaves that been controlled? Why you are the only kid there as one of the people who get hunted? Why there are dead or sick pigs with worms? Why is that normal to those people who hunts you down?; seeing them bring their own kids to that place as if this is the norm. Are the kid and those mindless people normal people and they are been turned into mindless workers or are they Dolls to begin with?What makes hunted people different than the people who experiment on them? Why when people go brainless they can get chopped and not die? Why can they breath underwater after getting injected? Why the fu*king Water goes the opposit direction of the gravity? What is the real ending? since I CANT EXCEPT that BS.Basically this video with a movie producer interview explains exactly what this game's ending is like: skip to 9:00https://youtu.be/B1jXYooEFg0?t=535Ending can be whatever we want it to be.I been sold on the idea of Mystery and what's inside, THE WHOLE GAME IS NAMED AFTER. I got none, in fact we as the players can even get a better endings to this game than the developers.We saw the Boy goes through a lot which draw a picture of Fear, loneliness, Creepiness, exhaustion, and most important of all SURVIVAL INSTINCT. What we get from that ending contradict the important part of the game which is the survival of the boy. If we would except that as an ending then the ending should be the same but at the end the boy crawl out of that meat ball and slowly goes to the sea since he can breath underwater. With that we can interpret it as him extracting revenge on those who hunt him down, by runing their research subject, their facility and killing their manager while surviving at the end. That is the only senario with that ending which won't undermine the whole journey of the game theme Survival.Or at least let him join those people society since they weren't notcing him at the end as if he was one of them.DONT NOT BUY THIS GAME AT FULL PRICE OR LESS THAN 50% if you are sold on the idea of the mystery. There is no mystery here, there is just BS and lazy writing. I loved Limbo, and during playing this I though this is Limbo but with a better visuals and story. I was shouting NO NO NO, Don't Not End it There, NO, Don't you Dare, And they did it. I would refund this and buy it when it is less than 50% because More than 50% in my opinion is far expensive to this game."
,Not Recommended,304430,25079233,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,wankbum94,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you cannae perk into destruction magic at all. ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time.
76561198009686106,Not Recommended,304430,29877529,Posted: 12 February,all,stevie.t47,4 hours of gameplay is not worth £15
76561197971591466,Not Recommended,304430,24342897,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Funkmeister,"Excellent aesthetic and atmospheric feel with a great deal of polish......but all in all, not an exceedingly satisfying game to play."
,Recommended,304430,24171448,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Logic,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!! WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW GOOD THIS GAME IS!!! I EXTREAMLY RECOMMEND CHECKING MY PLAYTHROUGHS OF THIS GAME! I ALSO EXTREAMLY RECOMMEND BUYING THIS GAME IT IS FANTASTIC! MY CHANNEL:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJQzuEmf6Zuwa6mxwooAAKQ
,Not Recommended,304430,24189122,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Icedcool,"The game is beautiful, artistic, creepy, and very atmospheric. The game leaves a lot to your imagination and interpretation, and the world seems intriguing.The puzzles are slightly challenging, but can be frustrating.Parts of the game are extremely interesting and I found gripping, and tense, but for the vast majority of the game I found myself bored and wanting some kind of interaction.I wanted to give this game a thumbs up, but .... I found myself pushing through so many parts, and annoyed at a puzzle or not very interested in completing it.Because of this, I gave it a thumbs down. Maybe as a steam sale I'd give it a thumbs up, but at 20$ for 3 hours of gameplay, I cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,304430,28966906,Posted: 2 January,all,monkaS,"right about when you think you're gonna get some juicy dystopian sci-fi plot ending, the game shoves a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥in ur face and basically says ""it was all a dream""♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561197992700150,Not Recommended,304430,30269923,Posted: 1 March,all,Infinitybreed,"Not worth more than $5. Was only 2 hours of game play. It was fun and inventive, but way too short to be worth nearly as much as they are asking."
76561198350098981,Recommended,304430,30934063,Posted: 3 April,all,mark,i love this game and keep on make more of this type
,Not Recommended,304430,24443446,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kaerdana,"I completed this game in 3 hours, I enjoyed it during the first 10-15 minutes of game play, as it was exciting and fast paced, you had to think on your feet.As the game progressed, the puzzles became harder and a bit frustrating, but there was always an answer, by the end of the game, it got ridiculous... I won't ruin it but not a way to end a game. Overall, I'd like my £15 back."
76561198060846233,Not Recommended,304430,24520240,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,WolfSpirit,"5 hour gameplay for $22???  It definitely doesn't hold up to the $1 /hour rule. However, the game is very entertaining and visually pleasing.  And the ""secret"" ending is impossible for the normal person to find unless they created the game and knew the exact sequence to enter into the door combo."
,Not Recommended,304430,29414651,Posted: 21 January,all,Krob,"-Pretty Art Demo.A game of pure tedium.I solve, yet repeat.-Deciphering any puzzle is mostly simple, but the ensuring banality is the actual challenge (of your patience).  The fact that this game is ""overwhelmingly positive"" makes me wonder the validity of Steam reviews."
76561197987674194,Not Recommended,304430,24901737,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,T15,INSIDE is a 3 hour game that is grossly over-hyped and over-simplistic. The storyline is inconsistent with the storyline breaking away from 'realism' near the middle.There are tons of 'close-call' situations and tediuous/monotonuous puzzles that make up the 'core' of the game. And I personally think this game is a 'close call'; barely fun but most of the time boring.I suggest waiting for a sale.
,Recommended,304430,24769275,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,cool
,Recommended,304430,24164664,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,МŐĂŶĂĎ,It's fun and challenging i love it <3
76561198288471701,Not Recommended,304430,28583809,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AntiseptikCN,Do you want to endlessly repeat the puzzles over and over until you manage to get that flick of the keyboard exactly perfectly timed? If so then this is the game for you...if not avoid this. The atmosphere is fantastic but even the simplist puzzle takes 4 or 5 attempts which gets old pretty fast. I can say this gaming experiance was short and frustrating!
,Not Recommended,304430,24267349,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,QM,Denuvo.
,Recommended,304430,24187428,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cheru,Pulled a giant maggot out of a pig's a$$ within the first 30 mins.10/10 would pull again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-GJqZa8gsY
76561198375344451,Not Recommended,304430,35432566,Posted: 2 October,all,Petri Dreams,Deaths do feel a bit unfair. Alright.
,Recommended,304430,31597987,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,304430,24259220,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MyMy,"This game is like 'Brothers: a Tale of Two Sons' making sweet-sweet love to 'The Last of Us'. All after playing Flashback and Another World. And watching too much of David Lynch and Lars Von Trier. If you are a developer or serious about games - stop reading and buy it.Excellent visuals. Some moments are well done on a magnitute I've seen only in some of the best games, including AAA. This alone makes it worth playing.Nice puzzles. The difficulty hits the right spot for me, it's between ""ok I had to replay for the fifth time - I quit"" and ""oh I've solved it after a few seconds of hesitation - good boy"". A bit too much of 'precise timing' and reiterative puzzles to my taste, but I'm not a huge fan of puzzle games by any means.I know that some people didn't get the deep idea of the game. Ok, here's explanation.It was all little dog's dream. Of a turkey rolling down the floor. And of holidays when it was lying on a beach, next to your calm and morbidly obese master who also looked like a stuffed turkey.I'm still torn between thumbs up and thumbs down for this game. And questioning myself if it's all for the sake of being contrarian. But listen, the ending was really a low effort one. It felt like the developers were tired of 5 years of development and were daydreaming of a vacation. Overall it's more artful and more masterful than a game like Undertale. But does it have the Idea and Integrity of Undertale or of Brothers?And after all they are asking for 1/4 of a Mass Effect's trilogy price, while not offering even 1/20 of content and gameplay value. Was 'Mass Effect 3' ending bad? Try 'Inside'. Yes, in all seriousness, get it now. It's the Art and a new Benchmark for indie games. Let alone the Controversy around this game - I guess we all need games like this in small doses."
,Not Recommended,304430,32352420,Posted: 11 June,all,Mainland Man,overrated
,Recommended,304430,24161586,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Drobile,"I played the game through on Xbox so don't let my playtime fool you. I bought it twice because I loved it so much.If you like artful games, like Journey, this is a must buy. This is a huge contender for games as art.If you liked Limbo, must buy.If you liked oldschool games Another World/Out of this World, Flashback, Heart of Darkness, this is a must buy.It even has a touch of the Oddworld games, but not much.If you're into creepy games -- must buy.If you don't mind paying $20 for this kind of 4 hour experience, get it! I sure don't because the production value is way high.Great storytelling through environment and game mechanics.Fantastic visuals, and animation. The sound is often quiet, but great when it's present.I'm a huge fan of what they accomplished with this game. Great work, Playdead!"
76561198054312163,Not Recommended,304430,24229662,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Snape,"I really wanted to give this game a thumbs up. I loved Limbo and even after the first 5 minutes of playing this, it looked like it must just deliver on my expectations. Very atmospheric, graphics and audio were great, the character control some of the best I've seen. But it took only 2 hours to complete and I don't see myself playing through it again any time soon. If the price was lower then it would have been okay, although still a touch disappointing for it to be over so quickly, but I can't justify £15 for 2 hours.For diehard Limbo fans or if it goes on sale for £5 then I would recommend it. Otherwise, not worth the money."
76561197972186684,Not Recommended,304430,24221221,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ralak,"A very short, but well made, action-puzzle game. The game features fast paced aypical challenges wich require a mix of skilled movements and critial thinking on the fly. The graphics are very smooth and pleasing to the eye. Even more satisfing are the characters fluid but realistic movements. Also the sounds should not be overlooked. It is extremely pleasant to listen to footsteps, the sound of jumping and landing, the sound of climbing chains and dragging wooden boxes along the ground.The game is very short and not very challenging. It can probably be completed in about an hour with little difficulty. There is a story but without digging deeper there is no discernable objective to the game. At first glance it feels a bit shallow. Although there is much to be said for what lies beneath the surface.Honestly, I am dissappointed with the game due to the hype. I don't have much to say about the game either way. I'd never play it more than once. It's a fine game but not quite worth the $20 in my opinion. I'm sure many would disagree and if you've played Limbo and enjoyed it, I'm sure you'd like to play this as well."
,Not Recommended,304430,24215916,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kwilco,"I had high hopes for this game after enjoying Limbo and hearing very good things about it. But pretty much everything about the game was frustrating.Tons of puzzles where you figure out the gimmick, but then have to repeat it over and over, and have to start over if you mess up. Tons of platforming challenges only made difficult by poor controls. A bland art style, and a medicore soundtrack. The locations make little narrative sense, they very clearly feel like video game levels made just for the player. Most of the puzzles were just tedious and boring.The game does a good job setting up a grim mood, and impending doom, but it never pays off. I left the game with more confused than when I started."
76561198033703726,Not Recommended,304430,24220560,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Daedalus Dingus,"You can probably see that I am writing this review having only spent 6 hours playing the game.  That is because that is all the time it takes to finish the game.  I found this to be a tad dissappointing. I guess I expected it to be longer than Limbo was, but if anything it felt shorter and less challenging.Overall this game does a great job of creating a creepy and immersive atmosphere.  There are hints to some mysterious backstory that never gets explained at all. Gameplay is minimalistic. (6 buttons total are used: up, down, left, right, jump, activate) And it is over fast.  I wanted a little more for $20."
,Not Recommended,304430,24182126,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dango,"Very atmospheric, but ultimately boring. The puzzles are very simple, consisting of button presses, pushing/pulling blocks, and the occasional timing challenge. The solutions are almost always immediately obvious and the only reason the game takes 3 hours is because the player character's movement isn't very fast.The game is reviewing very highly because of its visuals and mood, and it does look fantastic. Just be aware that it's a short experience that you probably won't feel the need to play more than once. You'd get the same experience if you simply watched someone else's playthrough on Youtube or Twitch, which is disappointing."
,Recommended,304430,33160897,Posted: 2 July,all,Spinjitsu Master,The ending is creepy.
,Not Recommended,304430,33076708,Posted: 1 July,all,Nemo,Spent 10 minutes trying to get the keyboard controls to work. Gave up
76561198192484749,Not Recommended,304430,26225614,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Big_D_McGee,"Good atmosphere. Decent puzzles. Good 4 hours of game play. Then it ends. That's it. No real replay value and the game is over after 4 hours. Might be worth $5 for the atmosphere and the easy but fun gameplay. Definitely not worth full price. Watch someone play it on YouTube. For this game it's basically like playing it, but it's free."
76561197984293558,Not Recommended,304430,24236176,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BigInJapanDan,"Right now, I don't recommend you get this game. For 20€ it just isn't worth it. I would buy in it a few months when its 60-75% off. Definitely a nice little game, but after finishing it in around 3 hours (see game time) you are definitely left with a sense of ""is that it?"". Not just because of how short it is, but mainly because there was a lot more potential for the game, and about a 1000 things left unanswered. Should really be a 6 hour game minimum to give you some sense of satisfaction. Anyway, this is my opinion...Just make sure you do get it at some point, because it is a great game overall, and for 5-10€ you won't feel dissapointed at the end."
76561198040755243,Not Recommended,304430,26302075,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,djc,"Interesting concept, but far too short, simple and (honestly) predictable for the asking price.  Don't pay more than £4 for this."
,Not Recommended,304430,29817769,Posted: 9 February,all,Polygon Cherub,This video says everything I have to say about the game better than I could:https://youtu.be/P4UwMDb6Z_cTLDW: Short yet overstays welcome. Irritating gameplay. Fantastic technical art trickery.
,Recommended,304430,24164986,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ImDonski,So. Much. Water.
,Not Recommended,304430,24274087,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Far Se,"The concept is interesting, but it was boring, and it felt meaningless.Finished in 3 hours, it's not 10% of Limbo, I was a fan of that game when it came out.A no from me."
,Not Recommended,304430,26744716,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Namikka,"Some unique ideas for the puzzles, great visuals and sounds, a creepy atmosphere with some truly disturbing scenarios, kind of an ""adult"" version of LIMBO. However, it's really short - 4 hours with a bit of trial and error to make it last longer - and imho, not enough challenge. I did kinda like that it left a lot untold, but at times it felt like they had just thrown random, ill-fitting ideas together. After LIMBO I expected more. Nice game, but I'd say wait for the price to go *a lot* lower."
,Not Recommended,304430,24329673,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,iwannatwirrl,"Very expensive for what, in the end, is a fun little extremely short platformer.It also makes *no* sense whatsoever and never bothers to attempt to explain anything either.I'm rather disappointed in it, despite usually enjoying the crap out of these types of games."
76561198047826057,Not Recommended,304430,24351086,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CHOPPER,"BEWARE! This game is only 3 hours long!It's a pretty good game, maybe not as great as limbo but definitely not worth the price. WAIT FOR SALE!"
76561198154029976,Not Recommended,304430,34131025,Posted: 9 August,all,The 9th,"From the creators of LIMBO...Yaaaaaaaaay.........How about no! I know people are going to hate me for this, but this game is just a mess of small puzzles with frustrating backtracking (which could be avoided) and it's simply put...BORING AF!Are you kidding me? I half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the game expecting it to become better and better but it only got worse from scene to puzzle.It just doesn't make sense why this game has overwhelmingly positive reviews. Yes, hate me all you can, but it's boring! Same♥♥♥♥♥♥different setting and don't get me started on story.""OH THAT MEANS YOU DIDN'T GET IT THEN""Oh no, I got it! What I don't get is why the ♥♥♥♥ a game so easy in its puzzles with idiotic backtracking and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ visuals (oh I fogrot we call these games Indie now) deserves these reviews. I almost dozed off at moments. At least LIMBO was original. INSIDE was a copy paste with colors and even more boring somehow.And the endings... BOTH OF THEM, are just... ♥♥♥♥ this I'm out!Oh yeah did I mention its awesome price? 20eu!!! 20eu for a game of like 3hrs and what you get is all of the above.♥♥♥♥ no!Overall DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY/10!!!"
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,304430,33001535,Posted: 29 June,all,Styx,"Pros : well scripted, well animated, very artistically presentedCons: WTF?I won't spoil it because its hilarious in its surprise value but seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ just ♥♥♥♥ing happened? It makes no sense at all.I hate games that dont bother to explain the story. I paid for a full game dammit, I don't want to interpret♥♥♥♥♥♥myself."
76561198189904075,Not Recommended,304430,24285967,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,mackyboy,"Its good, but not 20 bucks good. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,304430,24266388,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Todo Gaming,"Pretty simple platforming and puzzling. I didn't care for LIMBO but thought I'd try this anyway. I literally said ""♥♥♥♥in' what?"" at the end of this game.I dunno. If you liked LIMBO, probably get this. If not, skip it."
,Not Recommended,304430,24965699,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,...,"Does not work stuck on loading screen. I have run unity games on my Laptop before it is 64 bit and has 4 gigs of ram I can run gmod, unturned, who's your dady team fortress 2 etc. If it can handle those taxing games it should be able to run Inside just fine. I expect a fix for this common problem imediately or i will delete the game and put a stop payment on the card and not buy another steam game period. I refuse to waste good tender on worthless crap."
,Not Recommended,304430,24334027,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,duro87,"I have the same empty and robbed feeling, when i finally finished Gods Will Be Watching. #### the ""deep & make you think"" ending of this game. I hope i got my money back. If not, then shove your ending up with my 20 euros somewhere ""deep"". I rather buy and play Limbo 10 times then this XXXX, at least the last mermaid seen was cute. Congrats!(in hungarian)Ugyanaz az üres és megfosztott érzésem van mint amikor végre végigvittem a Gods Will Be Watching-ot. ####átok meg a ""mély és elgondolkodtató"" végét ennek a játéknak. Remélem visszakapom a pénzem. Ha nem, akkor dugjátok fel a játék végét és a 20 eurómat jó ""mélyre"". Inkább venném meg és játszanám a Limbo-t 10szer mint ezt a XXXXt, legalább az utolsó sellő jelenet cuki volt. Gratulálok!"
,Recommended,304430,24197949,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jacka24,11/10
,Not Recommended,304430,34995139,Posted: 16 September,all,StrawberryPlant,"Short, simple, almost no excitement, except dogs that are supposed to be a hairlength away from you before you can escape (watch a trailer). Just keep pressing the right button for too long and things will be alright.It feels more like scrolling through a very long animated wallpaper, than playing an actual game.Refunded."
,Not Recommended,304430,24261255,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Stinky Tofu,Do yourself a favor and watch a playthru on youtube instead of paying for this not-a-game game
,Not Recommended,304430,24193571,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Archbishop of Banterbury,"The animation quality and production quality was on point. Very atmospheric music and eerie environment/world design, however, but that's where the good points end.The game is very simplistic gameplay wise with only buttons being jump, interact(mostly grab) and move. The puzzles themselves are also very easy, I only got stuck on 3-4 puzzles that only took a few minutes to solve.The story itself is a bit vague and requires you to think about it to appreciate, this might be attractive to some but not for me. Additionally the game only lasted around 3 hours, and I wouldn't really say I rushed it whjich is much too short for $20.Overall, I would hardly call it a game perhaps more like a interactive, indie movie. Not worth the $20 in my opinion, don't hope on the hype train and wait for a sale."
76561198080713218,Not Recommended,304430,24330276,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,¤PsychoSky✯,very overhyped. not worth the price it is now.
76561198143303712,Not Recommended,304430,24215671,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Punisher,i finish the game at 4 hour but i refounded at start game was fun and awesom but at done feels like nothing you just died for nothing and no point thats really make me sad i expect something better
76561197993246149,Not Recommended,304430,24235165,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AestheticV3,"The games puzzels are really simple. I often felt like I was speed running the game because I never had to stop and think. The story isn't really explained. I was hoping by the end that the reason why so many were enslaved would be clear, but it never was. The ending is just frustrating. This doesn't even come close to how great Limbo was in my opinion. I cleared the game in 2.5 hours."
76561198049432309,Not Recommended,304430,24216628,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,gearhead,WTF have I just been playing? 3 Hours of George Orwell becoming a Human Centipede were not worth 20 bucks.
,Not Recommended,304430,24200234,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,NeoNevus,"First and foremost the gameplay is solid and feels great... the only issue is the ending. The story (In my opinion) is so vague and told so strangly that some of the parts really dont make much sense. It just seems like one of those strange art pieces that no one is truly supposed to understand but in game format... and to be completely honest its pretty meh.gameplay 8/10visuals 10/10 (great art style and setting)story? 4/10 (just my opinion. Your mind might get things more than i did... who knows)All-in-all i'd give it a 6/10Gameplay is great but it has been done before and its much too short for the asking price and the story is REAAAAAALLY hard to grasp and is probably just an artistic thing.(was asked why i thought the story was strange and had inconsistances so i added a few points that have spoilers so SPOILER WARNING!!!))Yea, i know my oppinion isnt very popular but i do still believe in it. And if you dont mind spoilers i'll tell you why i think the story is a bit off and too vague and more of an art piece than anything.1st: Where is the kid running to? Why is he being chased by people in masks when the people in the end didnt have any but he kills them anyways?2nd: The set pieces where diverse (slightly) but how they arrived at each one seemed VERY strange. Of course you can only do so much with setting changes in a 2D platformer but it doesnt change the fact that you should be able to go straight from a farm to the inside of a small factory then out a window and into a city in like 15-20mins... like what?3rd: Why did the swimming children that want to drown you help him at the last second as he was drowning? You spend a good portion running from them and all of a sudden for no explained or legitimate reason one drags you down to the ocean floor and, grabs a random plug from no where? and plugs you into it and swims away allowing you to breath underwater indefinitely now? Doesnt really make much sense.4th: When you get to the ""Supposed lab"" why does no one attack you even though random civilian looking (i guess monster people) choke you to death with no remorse if they see you for a split second and again why do they not have masks?5th: What pull does the kid have to swim into the tank with this horrid blob of human flesh that all the scientist people are all drawn to and try to unplug it? Morbid curiosity? What was his main goal??? No one can explain.6th: When you get sucked into the blob and start controling it why are the scientists helping you when you killed them and destroyed all of their work? Example, when you are about to get into the (supposed scientist leader's) office why do they pull the air pressure block for you when you throw it to them and then push it back to you to help you get to the office? And why did it seem so climactic when you killed him even though you literally knew nothing about this random unmasked (like the rest you've seen) orginization of scientist people? And the ending??? wtf is with the ending? Its like ""Oh yay, you finished rolling down a hill after escaping this random lab you found so lets end it where you just sit on this coast with the sun setting while ur just a blob with wiggling arms... thanks for playing"".So again, there really is no clear explination of the story and a few inconsistencies for me to give it a solid story rating. BUT if i somehow missed something please let me know. Those where just observations i found that threw me off."
76561197991845151,Not Recommended,304430,24243071,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vearn,Bought it and finished it in less than 4 hours. It's not worth 20€.Too easy and nothing makes sense.Limbo is cheaper and better. Just wait for the price to drop !
76561198028024441,Not Recommended,304430,24237252,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,david88,not much replayability. beat the game in 3 hours. $20 is a little much for so little game play.
,Not Recommended,304430,34944063,Posted: 14 September,all,rehawley2,"Heh.  I get it.  WE'RE the mindless sheep ""inside"" the game.There is no story.  There is no explination for anything in any way.  I hated every single character, including the main one.  It's a fun scorller/platformerish/puzzler.  Its a good way to waste a few hours.  $10 is the absolute MOST I'd buy this for.  I recommend the game at that price or lower, but compared to all the hype and the currentish $20 tag, I gotta give it a thumbs down.  Watch the end of the walkthrough and then confusingly scroll backwards looking for context.  There are no answers or reasons."
,Not Recommended,304430,24438588,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,BlackMamba24,Overrated. Simple as that. The only good thing about this game is the atmosphere and art stlye. The game however is not good. Wait for a steam sale.
76561198167804429,Not Recommended,304430,24280500,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,OXENFORD,"Visuals are great and the game feels like it's leading to something - a reveal which will make the game worth it. The reveal never comes, seriously. I hate using this word, but it's the only one to describe this game: pretentious. In the end the whole game is just moody for the sake of being moody. It's a fun ride while you think it's leading to something bigger, but the ride is over JUST after the 2 hour refund deadline (they made sure of that, it seems). To be honest, after all the hype and the 10/10 from IGN, I've been left feeling ripped off. Unless you're an anxty teen or indie-only hipster gamer, you'll feel ripped off too."
,Not Recommended,304430,29215837,Posted: 12 January,all,deadlyseven,"Meh. Puzzles are very easy. ""Story"" is lame. Extremely short. Art is cool for a while. If you can grab it for under $10 then sure."
,Not Recommended,304430,24292780,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bae,This games super weird
,Not Recommended,304430,24221687,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OpelxFrost,"game might be fantastic for the first 10 mins, but gets old really fast, Also, some of the puzzle really breaks the immersion level, for e.g. the part where you had to jump back and forth two side of a fence, getting chased by dog while you are trying to break a fence. It make no sense to have player repeat that action 3 times.if Inside cost 5 to 10 dollar, I would still recommend it, but not at it's current price."
,Not Recommended,304430,24192018,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Eeko,"If you liked Limbo, then this is a decent sequel. Otherwise, Limbo is better value for the money.I personally didn't like Limbo nor this one that much and wouldn't consider this to be worth the asking price. Puzzles are pretty good, I don't mind the shortish length (about 3-4 hours and I managed to find about half of the secrets.) The style is cool and there's some kind of plot going on too, but for me those were a bit of a letdown after all the hype. Reminds a lot of Another WorldE.g. Trines (1 & 2) or Fez are better puzzle platformers, Another World is still amazing, Brothers The Tale of Two Sons does the ""athmospheric puzzler with a story"" way better and Limbo is better value than this, so recommending this becomes hard.If you really liked Limbo, then this is good. Not recommended for others."
76561197960807559,Not Recommended,304430,24247492,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,bobioman,"Pros:The art/graphics/atmosphere are amazing.Cons:The gameplay is minimal, no replayability, the story drastically overhyped, and short at ~3 hours for a $20 game.Don't buy if:-You are short on cash and looking for something ""worth"" the current price ($20).Do buy if:-You think it's worth it for the art and don't care about interesting gameplay/replayability/short length.-You have cash to blow, and want something a little different to play.-If it's on sale.Summary:Would give it a ""maybe"" if that existed. Okay game, interesting, but not worth it for $20 - more ""art"" than ""game"", which I guess is fine if you're looking for that."
,Not Recommended,304430,24187820,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,daniel_cps,"Where are the so called ""puzzles"" ?!?! this is more like a walking simulator than anything else. The graphics are good, nice atmosphere, but that is it.. dissapointed."
76561197970566982,Not Recommended,304430,33095923,Posted: 1 July,all,Mogs,"Flawless presentation and thegiant blob at the endwas pretty great, but overall there's not enough here to justify the price tag, even at £8.99 I paid in sale. Worth it for under a fiver though."
76561198077041284,Not Recommended,304430,24219876,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ForrestL,This game crashes everytime i launch it. how can i do the refund.
,Not Recommended,304430,24243740,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,OB,"a great game, very pervasive atmosphere and intelligent puzzles, hovever it's extremely short at just over two hours and i really can't reccommend it for £15."
,Recommended,304430,30892787,Posted: 1 April,all,[Stylin] 1/1/2029,10/10 What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just play?
76561197979032396,Not Recommended,304430,24264277,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Power,"Crap ending, nothing is explained at all, looks nice, Wait for sale"
76561198196521454,Not Recommended,304430,31091931,Posted: 11 April,all,wanderwoman222,"5/10. Weird and Disturbing.I got this at half price, and I would not recommend paying more than $10 for this.  I got about 3 hours of gameplay during this (in case you're wondering, I left the game running in a window while I went to do other things--not a good sign). There's no story to speak of, and the ""why"" of the world and the people in it never becomes clear. You're in some kind of post-apocalyptic hellscape, but there's no backstory behind it (I am thinking of the awesomeness that is Portal 2!) and not much to do beyond move relentlessly forward. The artwork is pretty, but it's also gruesome and uniformly grey/black.  A lot of death and disturbing imagery, and there isn't much payoff to it. The puzzles aren't very challenging, either.  I'm not sure what this game is, but I don't think it quite fit what I call ""fun.""  Ultimately forgettable."
,Recommended,304430,24161731,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,maggs,"The Story is one of the best ones I've seenThis shouldn't be a long review, just a few thougts of myself.I just tested out the mechanics and the Graphics for today.It is an amazing game, and if you like LIMBO, you will love INSIDE!Probably this will become one of my most liked games for 2016, and forsure it is the best indie-game in my opinion.(I have seen the Walkthrough on PewDiePie's Youtube-Channel, so i know the story)Hopefully we are going to see some awards for this game ;DThe story is told in a breath-taking, extraordinary, but amazing way.Even if you think: I don't want to buy a 3hour-game for 20 Bucks, think about it.For me it was totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,304430,24211113,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Necronom IV,"The mechanics, sound, and visual style are mostly inherited from Limbo. The puzzles are decent but much too easy, and a few are even taken directly from the predecessor. The game feels too slow at times but mostly manages to stay interesting because of the intense art and audio styles. It is neither long enough (less than three hours) or sufficiently impactful (mostly Limbo's atmosphere with a weird twist) to merit the 20 Euros asking price, however, and after finishing the game, I wish I had spent my money elsewhere. Sorry, Playdead, but despite my huge appreciation of Limbo, Inside just falls short for me."
,Not Recommended,304430,24468222,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,gordun pls,"Beautiful game with NO story. Yes, no story.Seriuosly, no explanation of what's happening whatsoever and the ending is just disappointing."
,Not Recommended,304430,24199827,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Duo,"Inside is a *beautiful* refinement of the visual style pioneered with Limbo.That being said...It doesn't actually take that long to complete Inside and Limbo was a much more difficult game. The game is beautiful and has a lot of symbolism and hidden meanings to create its voiceless narrative, but I can't help feeling like I got to the end and was left with ""Thats it?""I started a second game just to see if anything was different the second time around. After playing through the first game, the second game was an incredibly easy walkthrough. There is no replay value.Impressed with the visual style, disapopinted in the overall game."
,Recommended,304430,24163600,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bear Safekid,one of the few games in which you can fall over a curb feeling a light to decent 10 on this thing
76561197985926345,Recommended,304430,24162505,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,=L=,Limbo meets Braid. Simply amazing.10 dead kids out of 10!
,Not Recommended,304430,24221416,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Shackal,Ehhhhhhhhhhhhh.Get it on a sale.
76561197971521407,Not Recommended,304430,24212884,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Able Baker,Eh sure it's pretty but it's just another boring 2D platformer with crap level desing. not worth $20
,Not Recommended,304430,29367236,Posted: 19 January,all,Goeli,"This game is like art, I don't get it.Honestly you're better of watching a playthrough than spending 20$."
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,304430,30184616,Posted: 25 February,all,Lone Shadow,"Very ordinary.Very disappointing.The controls are crude and clunky and very linear.It would be an okay mobile game but really doesn't make the most of PC hardware.Many of the so called puzzles are simply just run and jump as fast as you can.I haven't finished it yet as after an hour and a bit, it seems endlessly pointless.If it was a 10 dollar or less game, then maybe, but any more is a waste.Graphics are basic though okay, the sound is meh! Nothing out of the ordinary.Gameplay is the let down with this being primarily and wlaking or running simulator.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,304430,24223009,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,armyofchickens,"lags waaaayy to much, my computer runs fallout 4 perfectly and meets the requirements fo this game, but all it does is lag and crash"
,Recommended,304430,30928362,Posted: 3 April,all,Ozz911,"10/10 recommendedsuch a brilliant and awesome game , keep making more indie/2D games!"
,Recommended,304430,24165410,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Matt,What.
76561198356255670,Recommended,304430,30244039,Posted: 28 February,all,GoblinButt,.
,Not Recommended,304430,24742923,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kinan,"TL;DR: -50/10. Puzzles are often clever. Everything else about it is absolutely *the ♥♥♥♥ing worst*If you, like me, are a person with a very active imagination and an inclination to dislike horror that is trying to be funny (not Scream style, but rather a murder thinking he's funny because the ""exit"" instead drops a fleeing victim into a pit of spikes), AVOID THIS GAME.It's only redeeming feature are its puzzles. Everything else about this game is sick, wrong and dehumanising in the worst possible way. You are dropped in situations that range from morally questionable to downright disgusting and the very end can very well leave you with the worst feeling of dissatisfaction after all the♥♥♥♥♥♥you have just gone through.This is not a good game. It should never have been made."
,Recommended,304430,30903858,Posted: 2 April,all,Edenrim,10/10
76561197968510418,Recommended,304430,30914234,Posted: 2 April,all,I'm Tiny RIK!!,Amazing
,Not Recommended,304430,35034305,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,"Overhyped, pretentious, boring, repetitive nonsense"
,Not Recommended,304430,31641360,Posted: 9 May,all,ANGERY,first 10 minutes of the game you have to put like 20 little chicks into a woodchipper to make a bale of hay fall off of a raftor. i highly do not recommend this game because it does too much
76561197972766842,Not Recommended,304430,24426027,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,schnitzersa,This game was horrible.  I have no idea why people would enjoy playing a game with an ending that was so ridiculously stupid.
,Not Recommended,304430,25575080,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Pumpkinton,"Very disappointing, LIMBO was so much better."
,Not Recommended,304430,24223392,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,warham-sledlord,"Just started playing the game.  The resolution settings are strange not like other games..  They do not resize the screen per say..  Its not an issue but dont plan on playing it in eyefinity across more than one screen.   The reaon I am writing this is also if you plan to run in 7.1 audio the game gets really quiet, to quiet to play.  Dropping the audio to 5.1 seems to increase the volume to a playable level.   For now im going to give it a no but I will keep playing it and hope its playable despite those few things."
,Not Recommended,304430,26305887,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,gatherer818,"It tries to act all atmospheric and gritty, but the fact there's basically no way to tell what to do except die repeatedly until you figure out the script takes you way out of it.  Expect to see the little kid die repeatedly in a variety of ways - in my very short time trying to get into the game, I was shot twice, choked to death four times, drowned twice, and savaged in the crotch by a dog."
76561198114002617,Not Recommended,304430,24241664,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mknz,not too great ending is garbage
,Not Recommended,304430,30109979,Posted: 22 February,all,BlazKingEA,♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of limbo
76561198303735374,Not Recommended,304430,24206189,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Willllliam,"I first heard Playdead from Limbo (iOS version) and enjoyed it so much, and when I found out ""Inside"" is available to download then just purchase it instantly.Graphic is great, easy control, however the puzzles are all for beginners and I don't feel I ever use my brain to play this game.Besides graphics, I honestly prefer Limbo."
76561197970551066,Not Recommended,304430,31514994,Posted: 2 May,all,UniQ Raptor,The game was fun and intresting until I met a rope jump I just could not do. I tried for a long time but could not do it.The game has no way of skipping any puzzle.  So I am stuck with a game I can not finish. Money wasted.
76561197995667852,Not Recommended,304430,34767553,Posted: 5 September,all,Jarbis,A great game for falling alseep.
,Not Recommended,304430,24287581,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Zorginom,"I genuinely don't understand why everyone is pushing this game so hard. It's a generic puzzle platformer mechanically. It's incredibly dull visually, albeit with some nice lighting in a few spots. The ""story"" is left so open that it may as well not exist, and somehow people are saying that there's something incredible about it because of that whereas I see it as just poor writing. On the whole, I found the game to be dull and repetetive, with very few redeeming qualities, but maybe I'm just not the market for this sort of game considering that I didn't like Limbo either."
,Not Recommended,304430,24174808,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MarkT,"It's far harder to say something clear and meaningful than it is to ask rhetorical, open ended, nonsense questions. ""Inside"" says nothing and goes nowhere. Much like Limbo, this game just throws a bunch of creepy imagery at you and hopes that you'll assemble it into some sort of coherent piece of drama. So if you loved Limbo, you'll love this. But i personally think it's a con. Empty. Sure the visual aesthetic is cool, but that's as deep as this game gets. Superficial. Also, i finished it in less than 3 hours. Not at all worth the asking price, if you ask me."
,Not Recommended,304430,30272073,Posted: 1 March,all,Stephrius,I want to play this game so bad BUT.....  the game wont load. Says its already running but it is not. So disappointed.  /sigh
,Not Recommended,304430,24244289,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TripSin,"DO NOT TRUST ALL THESE POSITIVE REVIEWS AND THE FACT THAT THIS GAME IS #1 BEST SELLING ON STEAM AT THE MOMENTIf you are on the fence like I was and you don't have or want to throw away $20 on a 3 hour game, then I would suggest just passing on this. If you're super curious about the game, you can just watch a youtube run through of it because you won't be missing much of anything since the gameplay is extremely bland and uninspired. There were times I felt quite bored. A lot of holding right past pretty backgrounds. You don't need to waste $20 to look at the art, mood, and atmosphere of the game when you can just watch a playthrough of it. The game is too lazy to put together a coherent story or ending, but I guess some people like when a game doesn't have a real story because they like to pretend it's deep and make up their own theories about things.This should be a $10 game. If only I beat this garbage a little faster I could've gotten a Steam refund :("
,Not Recommended,304430,33624630,Posted: 18 July,all,unemployed black astronaut,And inside this game is a big load of crap.
,Not Recommended,304430,24173427,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,crab_f,"I completed this game. 3 1/2 hours and I got stuck on a few puzzles. It's pretty fun but it's not worth $20. Wait for a sale.edit: noticing the downvotes i should probably mention me getting stuck on the puzzles doesn't mean the game is bad, but rather it's really short. that is my gripe with the game."
76561197998426926,Not Recommended,304430,25649164,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,neil,I found this game to be too violent.   I couldn't continue with it after about 1/2 hour seeing the boy beaten to death or mauled or eaten by dogs.
,Not Recommended,304430,28880128,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MAGA,"This game portrays inhumane killing of animals it is DISGUSTING. THIS ""GAME"" IS SICK, REQUIRING YOU TO KILL ANIMALS AS PART OF A PUZZLE? THATS SO NICE! I LOVED LIMBO, WHAT THE F HAPPENED TO THESE PEOPLE? SICK."
,Not Recommended,304430,24217605,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bergström,?
,Not Recommended,304430,24832413,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ender,"games has 2560x1080 support yet doesnt actualy go to that resoultion, disappointing"
76561198050820188,Not Recommended,304430,24179391,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,creagh1986,walk from left to right enjoying background and solving the odd puzzle. meh
76561198050930881,Not Recommended,304430,24173051,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,JakeTheJake,"All the puzzles are either boring at worst or too restrictive at best. A specific example is when you have to press a button to flood a room. Eventually you get a case that your meant to use as a platform. I tried to used it flood a prior room by sticking it under one of the doors that close as the water floods. You couldn't imagine how sad I was when the water forcibly retracted back and opened the door for me to remove the case. Like I was an idiot for thinking the game would require me to be clever to get a secret. Instead the next secret required just pushing a box with God rays on it. I experienced this fun blocker on almost all of the biggest puzzles in the game. I constantly felt like the game was designed for people 10 years younger than me despite it's graphic contentWorld is visually interesting but there's no substance to it. I don't know how or why the world is the way it is, and despite my best efforts couldn't find and subtle visual cues as to why either. Leaving me to think there is no reason it's weird except for the sake of being weird. There being no recurring character of any kind doesn't help in that regard either. This all means there's no ""portal"" TO the world in any form. No protagonist to ask questions and help you understand it. No life mimicking propaganda signs like in Oddworld you can relate to. Nothing. It's just weird visuals covering up passable puzzles until the credits hit. I couldn't believe how simple it all was once they hit either. You escape but ""AT WHAT COST"" was the theme? How... normal. It was so ironic it was sad.The only part that had me at all interested was towards the whenYou became a big dumb ball of human flesh destruction. It was so absurd, silly, and mental, I couldn't help but laugh for several minutes while playing as the lard. Even that sadly got old after a while. I get it. I'm a test subject at this point fell into their trap or whatever. I miss Portal.Great sound design and incredibly fluid animations with just the right amount of resistant feedback results in a chilling atmosphere that really can get your heart pumping in ways that are legitimately impressive. These guys could make a fantastic old school survival horror ala Silent Hill. Unfortunately instead it's just cinematic platformer with too much reliance on the ""cinematic"" and not the ""platformer"". Even though beneath it's cover, the former is just as shallow as the latter."
76561198074715136,Not Recommended,304430,30331191,Posted: 4 March,all,RelaxedPossum,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!! I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  I am a huge puzzle player and this game is a joke waste of money and time super disappointed!
,Not Recommended,304430,24171987,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Frontier Proctologist,"This game, is like a picture.It's worth a thousand words.Depending on how fast you get by, it can be a short experience.One you can keep to look at later.It's a very beautiful experience, with a beautiful sense of Atmosphere and Animation,It's rather interesting!But it's missing something.It's missing something that would make it worth 19.99 for everybody.And that is length, replayability!There just isn't enough.If it were long enough, It'd be worth 29.99!Alas, it's not.Sorry.I'll see about changing my recommendation once the price drops!"
76561198258226191,Not Recommended,304430,24185471,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,一代道长,The Emperor's New Clothes
76561198143504253,Not Recommended,304430,24365247,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Messy hellcase.com skinhub.com,Bad
76561198042788644,Not Recommended,304430,24167455,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gastropoda,"A good game, well made, but with only 2-3  hours game play it isn't worth it for the money."
76561197976227590,Not Recommended,304430,24196792,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,phototime,"More outside then inside, the store page video clip shows the best parts of the game.  Short, can be interesting and fun in parts but also very annoying."
76561198027252999,Not Recommended,304430,24399901,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dartsy,Die and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retryDie and retry
76561197963567753,Not Recommended,304430,33147491,Posted: 2 July,all,osaka,Atmosphere is great. Visuals great too. Simple puzzles. Way too minimalist story telling.
,Not Recommended,304430,24171395,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NEUR0,I would say that Inside is one of the biggest wastes of time I have come across.  i don't think i have ever felt the need to write a review but truely consider how much you like a platform game with beyond easy puzzles for three hours before you spend $20 on this game.  Learn from my mistake...
,Not Recommended,304430,24170246,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Purpuran,"This actually needs to be $3 or something. The only reason I don't refund is because I left the game running while making and eating two CRISP quesadillas and unfortunately passed the 2 hour mark. The game can be finished in under that time and isn't worth it at all, anything about a quality story or gameplay you might hear are actually practical jokes carefully designed to trick you into buying this bad gameSeriously though, the game is way too short for its price and there is no argument about ""Quality > Quantity"". It's not that good that you need to buy it right now for full price. Wait for a copy to pirated, burned onto a disc, and then thrown into a bargin bin. Or a hefty sale."
,Not Recommended,304430,34805689,Posted: 7 September,all,old,"WHY YOU KILLED HALF LIFE ??? Everyone RIGHT NOW GO AND POST a review at every game you have installed with one. Simple. Question. ""WHY, VALVE?"". Thank you﻿."
,Not Recommended,304430,24173598,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,A game about killing kids?  No thanks.  I'll stick with Rocket League.
,Not Recommended,304430,28140361,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,radamant,Video games were a mistake. It's nothing but trash.
,Not Recommended,304430,24166991,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MaajiN,"This is a ♥♥♥♥ing scam, this game is all about trash i streamed it and we all fall asleep after 1 hour of gameplay ""gameplay"" i should say, you just always need to press your left joystick to the left and you can make yourself some cookies, we were around 50 ppls on the stream we end it in 3hours this is just a ""hey we make a game which looks like limbo but without the difficult part of it, the atmosphere and the ambience""Trash/20Sound 0/20 Almost 0sfx, No musicGraphism 15/20 GG limboDurability 3/20 (3Hours of gameplay to end it welcome back to 2000)Price 20/20 Kappa (Almost 7$/Hours gimme a ♥♥♥♥♥ next time)Game fully Sponsored by youtubers and gaming website.Expected ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198001280762,Recommended,304430,30618960,Posted: 19 March,all,Cattleprod,Great game.  Has some unexpected things happen that keep it interesting.  Took me just a few hours to beat...Only downside isthe ending seemed abrupt.
76561198096122568,Recommended,304430,30602050,Posted: 18 March,all,sijakret,get this game now!
76561197985892605,Recommended,304430,30612236,Posted: 19 March,all,Timmy,"A must play game, pretty much perfect. 13/10"
76561198008492035,Recommended,304430,30612211,Posted: 19 March,all,Maqsu,"For me this is the game of the year for sure, the sound and music design is amazing (especially if you have a subwoofer).Compared to their previous game Limbo this is the perfected formula with awesome graphic design and very believable physics. Depending on how clever you are and how much you like to explore each segment the time you spend on this game may differ, and i feel like i explored quite a bit and overthinked some puzzles but eventually got through the game in 3 hours with two sessions. I stopped the first session because i was eager to show my friends this game. but when i bagan the second session i couldn't stop. Of course i wanted the game to be even longer because i love the industrual world this is set in but storywise the length was perfect.And the choice to not have a title screen, no heads up display to clot the screen and no tips/hints or ""press this button to push"" made it a truly immersive adventure (i at times forgot i was playing a game because of the feeling of adventure)I highly recommend you play this game or watch a no commentary playthrough. And you must be able to have high volume and maybe a subwoofer or a good pair of headphones because you don't wanna miss out on the amazing sound and music design, and also one puzzle is rhytm based so sound helps..by the way my favourite section of the game is the segment i am gonna call ""The pulse""."
76561197972247094,Recommended,304430,30593268,Posted: 18 March,all,Dayman,"Played it again with a friend just to see it all again. Every time I thought I knew where the game was going it proved me wrong, and I love that, even if it did end up leaving me with more questions than answers. This game is relatively short but is so intuitive, intriguing, cinematic, and gripping that it goes down as a must play in my book."
,Recommended,304430,30592967,Posted: 18 March,all,TheManCallahan,"Fun puzzles, cool asthetic, and some of the smoothest character animation in any game I've played.  Had a real blast passing the controller back and forth with my SO."
,Recommended,304430,30606080,Posted: 18 March,all,minion,"Absolutely brilliant, it's so dark and depressing but somehow hopeful? what an ending.Pick this up with Limbo in the bundle and play in order."
,Recommended,304430,28155364,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Jojopeterjohn,"The visuals are so good, it's almost like a movie. There are many moments in the game where one notices composition on would expect from a film, and it's beautiful. It's everything that I loved about limbo, but so, so much more. This game had me saying ""Holy cow!"" nearly every 5 minutes."
,Recommended,304430,30603982,Posted: 18 March,all,Brolius,"What an awesome game...INSIDE manages to deliver a unique story throughout and amazing gameplay, a well-crafted level design, incredible art and so much more. I think I liked some LIMBO levels more than what these have to offer, nevertheless, this whole game feels right and is so much fun to play. Bought it on sale though, since I think the price is too high for 4-5 hours of gameplay. A game that you must play of course..."
76561198128745811,Recommended,304430,30623066,Posted: 19 March,all,Glados9000,"Inside is a 2D puzzle platformer from PlayDead the creators of the Indie smash hit Limbo. I went into Inside not knowing what to expect having not played Limbo and what I got was the most unique gaming experience I have ever had. I have played the game a total of 3 times now and I am still in awe of the world and the story that Playdead has lovingly crafted here, and I am still trying to put the puzzle pieces together in an attempt to understand just what is happening and why. Be warned this game is a journey that ranges from suspensful to terryfing to just downright beatiful. Inside begins like Limbo when you take control of a small faceless boy who appears from the left of the screen. It becomes immediately clear the world you inhabit is hostil. As you progress you are tasked with solving environmental puzzles in a wide variety of locations all while trying to fend off the masked men that will try to capture you and the attack dogs that will rip you to shreds. The puzzles in Iniside are nothing short of fantastic and strike a perfect balance between difficult but not punishing and extremely rewarding to solve. The puzzle's vary greatly in variety as well from your basic environmental puzzles to gravity manipulation puzzles and many more. Some of the puzzles even require you use mind control helmets to use zombie like minions to help you complete them. These are some of the most creative and rewarding puzzles I have played in a game since Portal 2. Believe it or not however the puzzle's are not Inside's greatest strength. Inside's defining characteristic is its world. I cannot even begin to describe how hauntingly beautiful Inside's world is. Every single area of this game will stick with you as a unique and also terrifying part of this games story. Because there is no dialogue the story is told through the setting and the events that unfold there as you make your way through the game. The art direction and visual asthetic of this game give Inside's setting a sence of place that is so unique and gloomy it is palpable and not something i will soon forget. Thank you Inside for this experience."
76561198046047783,Recommended,304430,30639146,Posted: 20 March,all,Nipples,Extremely immersive gameplay and ambience. I fully recommend it!
76561197970548518,Recommended,304430,30648269,Posted: 21 March,all,Stef,"A simple game, but well worth the money just for the art direction and atmosphere!"
,Recommended,304430,30668639,Posted: 22 March,all,torq,"I really enjoyed this game. If you liked Limbo this is a great follow up, building on the foundations and improving on story and visuals.The only downside for me is that it's a little short for the price. However the three hours or so of gameplay were fantastic."
76561197995313460,Recommended,304430,30760897,Posted: 26 March,all,psychopatata,"What wonderful storytelling! If you liked Limbo, I bet you will like this one."
,Recommended,304430,30758635,Posted: 26 March,all,Ender,"Haunting, beautiful, scary, surprising. One of the best games of 2016. I think superior to Limbo - the puzzles are hard but not impossible. The gameplay fluid, the story... perplexing but intriguing. I love games that are 5-7 hours.Also the perfect game to play on the big TV and sound system via  SteamLink (which is how I played most of it.)"
,Recommended,304430,30755636,Posted: 26 March,all,wbk,"Better than Limbo, and one of the most technically and artistically beautiful games ever made.  Some may find it too short, but really it is the length such a polished experience should be.A must play if you like puzzle platformers."
76561198184109977,Recommended,304430,30750223,Posted: 26 March,all,Pronna,"I bought the game beause it was mentioned among the best games of the year on multiple sites.It was an interesting experience for me to say the least.I enjoyed the blending simplicity or the controls and the game design.Although the theme of the game was pretty dark, in other ways I truly admired its beautiful & artsy looks/ moments.It isn't one of those games that you play and you feel great afterwards as it has a gloomy story and head scraching ending, but that's great too!The puzzles were not very difficult but still moslty felt rewarding to complete them.I won't play the game again (lasted 2-3 hours) but do not regret playing it at all, and would definitely recommend it.In many ways, I felt the same positive experience or emotions as I did with playing Journey back in 2012."
,Recommended,304430,30717659,Posted: 24 March,all,֎ Lambs ֎,"What I loved about Limbo, and now Inside, is the games ability to really capture this forboding, mysterious vibe. Not only is this game a ""Puzzle Platformer"", this game is an expeariance. Which can rarely be said about games these days. Sure, newer games have story and great facial expresions and all that, but Inside REALLY digs into the audiance."
76561198020742085,Recommended,304430,30658381,Posted: 21 March,all,Archon Phynesir,"This game has found a special place INSIDE my heart. I do advise getting this game on a sale however. Very good, but a little expensive for the amount of content."
,Recommended,304430,30674124,Posted: 22 March,all,Thnitch,Great
,Recommended,304430,30681265,Posted: 23 March,all,Andre Solo,This game taught me two things:1 - You can get even better than LIMBO2 - what?
76561197983045327,Recommended,304430,30685261,Posted: 23 March,all,Floro,"The best platformer I've played in a long while. It's clearly a successor to the developer's previous game - Limbo, yet it is superior is every respect: artistically, visually, gameplay-wise and even in terms of how it's written.Inside's ending and the whole final section of the game are surely one of the best videogame endings I've seen.Recommended for sure."
,Recommended,304430,30775897,Posted: 27 March,all,RyanSD_91,Trippy and creepy puzzle platformer. Barebones in terms of story but the environment and setting tell the story as you go. A fun distraction with a some cool game mechanics but nothing revolutionary. 7/10
76561198041590592,Recommended,304430,30780543,Posted: 27 March,all,Leax,"Beautiful and touching, with an amazing game design."
76561197970377774,Recommended,304430,30775647,Posted: 27 March,all,1928364785450382,"This is by far one of the most polished games I've ever played. Everything from animation, scene composition, and audio is near perfect. The content and puzzles are fun, challenging, and unique. Still on my top ten games of all time. Playing through it again and was reminded how much fun it all was. Great attention to detail devs, this is what makes a great game that will sell."
,Recommended,304430,30785470,Posted: 27 March,all,adrigore,This was insane and amazing all at once. I am in love.
76561197964687232,Recommended,304430,27940294,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,thrillhouse,"Best beginning to end game expierience of 2016 for me. Amazing visuals and animation, fun puzzles that blended seamlessly into the environtment and incredible sound design.I found myself audibly reacting to many parts in this game as well as grinning quite a bit while playing. I wish I could erase my memory of this game and experience it again and again."
76561197997099411,Recommended,304430,25122324,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,taiduc95,"Every once in awhile comes a new work that defines its own medium. This time it is Inside.Pros:Playdead treated their games with care, to a certain point where some would say they are overly meticulous. Yes there are moments where those care take time, like the 6 years development of both Limbo and Inside, I argue that everything was worth it. From the moment the boy in red sweater slid down the boulders as we start the game, every movement of that character was calculated and prepared to make it seems natural. Every step I take took weight. Every jump is a gasp for air, a tiny leap of faith, and every landing is heavier, rough and tough. The way the boy moves through the woods, the concrete, the stones, or stumbling and gaining back posture through puddles makes me experience the texture and the density of the atmosphere rarely felt through any other games or film or novels. Once a restricted medium, games elevates itself through titles like Inside to let the us touch and feel its story and its grimness and its heavy toll it takes each time our character dies meaninglessly and brutally.I am the aesthetic type, and I look mainly for such in games I play. How the wind makes the trees and the leaves rumble, how air feels heavy when we have to enter water again knowing what’s waiting below, how our character stops and exhaust after escaping the flooded elevator. And in this category, Inside deserves it. Everything was done well, and everything was done beyond expected.Story wise, I would say that Limbo had a clearer answer to all of its mysteries. Inside has too many questions need answering, a bit too many to the point that some claims it is meaningless, lazy or just trying to be cool or ambitious. I like going straight to fandom sites and forum reading discussions between players expecting to know more, or sitting through a bus ride wondering meanings and ideas suggested by the game. In this sense, I enjoyed the jam-packed ideas and subplots Inside poses.Cons:Puzzles mechanics are less challenging than those from Limbo, and unlike Limbo where puzzles were ways to introduce you to the mechanic of the game universe itself, Inside’s puzzle are a bit similar to each other at one point or another. This bring up the game pace quite a bit and certainly helps new gamers, especially ones that I introduced this game to.For movie-like experience or an art-house short game, Inside is quite terrific and beautiful. It is haunting, daring, and while a bit slippery some parts, held up solid and well-presented as one of the most stunning game of all time."
,Recommended,304430,27900649,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Meer,itsa very good! No but really i give it a 10/10
76561198221341668,Recommended,304430,30961581,Posted: 5 April,all,/\/\ICHUU,Outstanding
,Recommended,304430,27973827,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Holocene - Moving House,"""Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project."" Inside is an absolutely brilliant indie game. I love that it drops you into the game straight away and leaves you to play and enjoy. The keys are rebindable which is nice and the artwork and sound is excellently done. This game is incredibly immersive, and can be very nerve raking and intense at times. The game has decent puzzles which are of a fairly simple difficulty which keeps the pacing of the game on point. Really an excellently made indie game, one of the best I've played in 2016."
,Recommended,304430,27978123,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,charmingchalo,"Fantastic game. Limbo is one of my favorites, and this is right up there. Not that one is better than the other--they're both a joy to play multiple times through."
,Recommended,304430,27978414,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheBloke,"Loved Limbo, had high hopes for this game, and they were fufilled! Great mechanics and gameplay variation keeps things interesting as you progress in the story."
,Recommended,304430,27668265,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,odeghy,"INSIDE surpasses LIMBO in almost every way. It's a lot grittier and darker in tone, and I have nothing negative to say about it. I found the puzzles to be easier, but I'm unsure if this is the game's fault or if my ability to problem solve has improved since my initial playthrough of LIMBO back in 2010/2011.Also, there is a sequence in this game that caught me completely off-guard and I'd say that it's one of the most disturbing moments I've experienced in a game. I found that the experience of playing the game was oddly carthartic, too.Overall, I'd say that this is currently my favourite game to come out in 2016."
,Recommended,304430,27965270,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kaiju,Compelling story and gameplay. Only thing that stopped me playing it was the requirement of sleep. You can't finish a section without wanting to at least know what's coming next....cut to 3 hours later and you're still playing.
76561198053189521,Recommended,304430,27965657,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lou R'hapsody,"This is, if I can remember, the first game I watched the video presentation and be so intrigued by it. I couldn't wait but buy and play to it and even if I tried to wait to start it I can't stop playing to it. The more I got far in the story, the most I wanted to know what was happening."
,Recommended,304430,30963811,Posted: 5 April,all,Thermy,very good. I liked limbo very much. this is like an improved version of it in every aspect
,Recommended,304430,27973127,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pred,I have never play a game like this one before... (... and i have played a lot)
,Recommended,304430,24245659,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Keegs79,1. Beautiful Immersive World. Check!2. Ingenious yet subtle puzzles and obsticles. Check!3. Mysterious intriguing unknown objective. Check!4. Satisfying 19.99 spent. Check!5. One of the best games of 2016 so far. Check!
76561197976818323,Recommended,304430,27960980,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ideal_Du_Lecoanet,"An amazing journey, aesthetics, gameplay, animation and story have blown my mind. A must play, I had not been moved so much by a game since ICO and Journey.Mesmerizing."
,Recommended,304430,27956583,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KANO,Don't read any reviews. Just play it.
,Recommended,304430,27951465,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FNZ,Probably the most mind♥♥♥♥ing game to date. I liked it.
76561197996727944,Recommended,304430,27991320,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yter_se_,"One of the most atmospheric games I've played this year. Great gameplay, has some interesting game mechanics, unexpected plot twists, scary enemies and really good art style. The only downside can think of is that the game is quite short and easy unless you're trying to get all achievements. Or understand it's plot."
76561198029721667,Recommended,304430,27715197,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mr.mike.myers,Spookiest 3 hours of my life. A must play for everyone.
,Recommended,304430,27703007,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MajDroid,"Breath-taking experience.Playdead, you guys need to get the copyrights of Another World and make a sequel."
76561197972290598,Recommended,304430,27703201,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Threepwood,I thoroughly enjoyed INSIDE from start to finish. The game is simply a work of art. The graphics style complements the tone of the story perfectly and the animation of the characters is incredible. The game is chilling and left me speechless.
76561197975221620,Recommended,304430,25371545,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MrCapone O Mineiro,"The game is gorgeous, but unfortunately too short. Even being short, I really enjoyed it, looking forward to buy more similar games. You devs really deserves all awards you´ve got."
,Recommended,304430,25372112,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jim,"I enjoyed this game as much as LIMBO. I can't get over how clever the devs are with their puzzles. I'll buy anything PLAYDEAD releases in the future, as I know it'll be great."
,Recommended,304430,25373564,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Heckin Pupper,"Amazing. Just as good, if not better than Limbo. The atmosphere is perfect and adrenaline rushes are everywhere."
,Recommended,304430,25375569,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Brainsample,Wow this game is the definition of atmospheric. A great puzzle game that never seems like it's overusing an idea an introduces new mechanics at a pace that keeps you wanting more by the time you have finished. Highly recommend for people who like puzzle or atmospheric games.
76561198035005990,Recommended,304430,25380078,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,cottonsox,"Ever finished a game and thought to yourself what the actual ♥♥♥♥ just happened, but still liked that feeling. Then this is the game for you I've had acid trips less freaky than this"
,Recommended,304430,25377457,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,punkonjunk,"So you're a lego guy without a face, looking for one. Some guys with masks are really, really mad about it. You pull a worm out of a pig's brown eye, then you use the pig to jump up on stuff, because he's not mad if stuff isn't... inside him, I guess. Later, you just skip the butt-stuff and head straight for mind control. At one point, you just repeatedly endure some kind of bombs for like 20 minutes. Just explosions, constantly. Things continue, and then, about 2/3 of the way through, it becomes a john carpenter movie.10/10"
76561198049102549,Recommended,304430,25322635,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,nomnomnomphishtakos,"Really incredible, have gone through three times already, and I'm getting something new out of it each time."
,Recommended,304430,25338391,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,mburb726,"I thought Inside was a refreshing puzzle game to play. I looked forward to coming he to playing it,  however, I finished it after 3 days. I felt it could have been longer. Although I felt the game was a good challenge, there was never a time I thought it was near impossible to get through, which is something I enjoy in a game. I loved the graphics and the physics of the game. I liked the concept of the human experiment/mind control. I would definitely recommend this game, and the only disappointment was the brief encounter I had."
,Recommended,304430,25339643,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WATTARU,"This game has a fascinating gloomy world well depicted with proper graphics(endering technique, scenes, models, motions) and sound(BGM, SFX). This alone made this game one of the best games I've ever played in this genre. I guarantee you that your eyes and ears will be pleased while playing this game.However, there's a problem: the game is too short. It took me 5 hours to finish this game *twice*. It's partially because its puzzles are relatvely easy, but, on the other hand, the puzzles will not stop you from appreciating the surroundings.Also, the story of the game is too criptic that you literally have no idea what the heck the boy or others characters are doing. There are hardly any written nor spoken information, so good luck with figuring out what's going on.Though, I think, this one is a lot better than Braid. Braid has a story which is a total WTF and has no direct connection to the game mechanics nor environment. In contrast, INSIDE is created as a whole piece, and this makes the game much more immersive. In this game, you will have fun time running around beautifully designed environment.So, I strongly recommend you to place this game."
76561197965285141,Recommended,304430,25341178,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Frizzank,"Fun game, just stick with it till the end it pays off...."
76561198045715952,Recommended,304430,25330712,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Old Man Winter,"Solid game, great aesthetic"
76561198076282537,Recommended,304430,25335605,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,miltonbdm,speechless. short game but loaded with mystery and in my opinion brilliant!! worth the buy
76561198070735090,Recommended,304430,25332502,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JesseFresh,"I am not a huge sidescrolling platformer kinda guy, but INSIDE is really making me rethink that. This game is very simplistic, but my god, everything it does is done to perfection. I almost never leave reviews, but when a game gives you this much satisfaction it makes you want to let others know what they're missing out on.Done amazingly:AtmosphereGraphicsArt designControlsPuzzles/PlatformingDone poorly:When I say nothing, I mean it"
,Recommended,304430,25329302,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GORYOTEISHIN,Artin its purest form.Sound designremarkably implemented.Visualsdeeply engaging - almost monochromatic yet powerful and vivid.Puzzlesfinely tuned and really satisfying.Everything's Inside.It is not a game.It is an experience.And one of the best I have ever had.Playdead - thank you.
76561197972110793,Recommended,304430,25364380,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MrKharn,Possibly the most satisfying gaming experience I have ever had.  This game is a masterful work of art.  If you loved LIMBO you'll love this more.  If you haven't played LIMBO...  Go play LIMBO.
,Recommended,304430,25368012,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Hero of Canton,"So good, it leaves me with so many questions I wish could be answered. But I assume the devs wanted us to fill in the holes.I would highly recommend, I enjoyed every moment of this game. It felt more like a form of art than an actual platformer, that's what I really found worth mentioning. If you liked limbo, you'll love this experience.Edit: Loved the experience so much I bought it for my wife, who also is big fan of limbo"
,Recommended,304430,24452943,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kosuccu Kawajiri,"INSIDE is a 2.5d sidescrolling psychological ""horror"" and puzzle game by Playdead. I use the word horror in quotation marks as the game isn't neccesarily scary but, more eerie. You play as a small boy and traverse your way throughout the world using objects and entities in the environment. The puzzles are fair and I've only been stuck once or twice throughout the entire game. Not to say that the puzzles in the game are easy, the game just does a good job of not making you feel stumped. The game has very minor replayability.In comparison to Playdead's previous game: Limbo. The game is very much so a spiritual successor. Failing a puzzle isn't as brutal in this game and the checkpoint system is just as good.The game's sound and music are phenomenal and visual are great! In terms of performance as of 7/21/16 I've seen one report of shadows jumping from one location to another or not appearing all together. This did not happen to me personally. Be aware of the game's system requirements. I happened to have a laptop below these requirements and the framerate was fairly low HOWEVER, I went into the game's settings on the pause menu and lowered the resolution which raised it considerably.(Off topic for comparison to how my computer runs other games. If your computer can't run these games, wait till you get a better computer before buying.)TF2: Runs decent on medium quality, few slowdowns on startup, then it's fine. Laptop fan can get loud.Limbo: Runs Well and laptop fan only runs if there is some other program running in the background.Garry's mod: Slow on startup but runs alright after a while. The Fan is usually loud.Minecraft: 25-30 frames on a render distance of 7 and graphics on fast. Fan can get loud.(Back to the topic at hand)The game is good and and even better for fans of Limbo. As of 7/21/16 there is noSecret Levellike there was in Limbo that people know of yet. All and all, it was a good experience."
,Recommended,304430,25360560,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"I just started this game, and will play more in the morning. It's great so far, with the same feeling of intense dread as in Limbo; the premise of ""kid solving puzzles to run from some really ♥♥♥♥ed up people doing really ♥♥♥♥ed up things"" is even the same. I anticipate some mild depression by the time I finish.Also, I'm really happy to see Steamspy telling me that 166,000 copies have sold since the game's release in early July. Way to go, Playdead!"
,Recommended,304430,25360702,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,8,"Inside expands on the concepts and scope of its predecessor in wildly creative ways, and it's so immaculately designed and constructed from top to bottom that it almost feels suitable for display in an art museum."
76561198030155433,Recommended,304430,25351116,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LURKER ॐ,"So, I finally managed to buy this game. I Played it through today in one session and I'm still stunned.This is by far besides Journey (PS4) the most beautiful game I've ever played.It is just so well designed. Every little piece and every place you move through is just so beautiful, even if it's quite dark and eerie at some places.This is a 10/10 in my opinion and everyone who likes games like ""Journey"" or ""LIMBO"" will love this as much as I do.Shoutout to the developers of this game: You did a very, very good job and I#m looking forward to playing something like this again.Peace.."
,Recommended,304430,25416719,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,deadnuttz,"Wow this game had me invested from the get go, I never write reviews and had to come and sign off on this one.  I can't remember the last game I stayed invested in a game until the very end and completed 100% but Inside was just that well done. The game is not very clear on what the whole point is or why you are even where you are but I still loved every second of it.  I highly recommend for anyone, if you loved Limbo this game is even better!"
76561197985004560,Recommended,304430,25455450,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Take The Snakes,"Don't spoil yourself on what the game contains in way of plot and mechanics, all you need to know is this: the game is a masterpiece in storytelling and mechanical depth. It allows the player to experiment and learn freely. This ""hands-off"" approach to teaching the player how to play is carried through to the plot which gives you enough to figure out what is going on but doesn't ever directly relate its themes and narrative to you. It’s a wonderful experience and a must play."
,Recommended,304430,25452329,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lollers,"INSIDE caught me off-guard. I would describe it as a nightmare that is too interesting to to wake up from. Unlike most sidescrollers, it repeatedly reminds you that things that go on in the background are part of the same world as you. You are never really safe and everything is out to get you.The aesthetics are amazing. Emphasis is placed on lighting and animation. The simple looking models and textures fit perfectly with the lifelike animations, making the game feel especially uncanny. For its simplistic art style it displays an insane amount of attention to detail.It's creepy, very unsettling and terrifying at times, but curiosity keeps you going. It's rare that I finish games, even short ones. But this is one I couldn't put away. I recommend you play this when you have several hours to spare so you can play right through it all at once."
,Recommended,304430,25453821,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,plansci [ζ],"You know you've found yourself a good game when you've watched all the playthroughs 10 times over, spend hours reading up on all the fan theories, and can't stop thinking about it for months and months.INSIDE is by all means a spiritual successor to LIMBO, but is by all means as independent a work from it as LIMBO was from almost anything else available on the market at the time.Despite both of their strong focuses on never repeating a mechanic more than a couple of times, they manage to create an entirely new host of horrifying, complex, and intriguing new ideas, from creepy underwater hag monsters to swapper-esque workers that you control to do various tasks for you.Overall, it's not too often you'll find a game so developed and intricate that even now, more than 2 months after its release, people are still discovering and theorizing on parts of it. For me at least, this may be one of the best, if not the single best game of 2016.Oh, and if nothing else, at least stay for the ending. I guarantee you won't see it coming."
,Recommended,304430,25453876,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SammuelMiranda,"Oh my god!Great game again ""Playdead"", great game.I didn't get the ""secret ending"" - find it internet, find it ... but the ""standard"" one is good enought.Again, as in ""Limbo"", no dialogs, no explanation, nothing - you must have a twisted mind to get it, otherwise, like most, you'll pass throught the game saing ""WHAT?!"".People hunt the boy, throu dogs at him, drown him, strange small children with black ""hair"" try to pull him down from the water to his doom .. etc etc etc. Apparently everyone, except the ""zoombies"" (which are not really, since they are just ... walking people that ""lost their brains"" - better explanation i could find) wann kill him.Sick mad evil cientists, and ""apocalyptic"" world are the setting of this game...Great one again, ""Playdead"", great one."
,Recommended,304430,25487308,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GigaStoat,"A frequently stunning showcase for Playdead's twisted imaginations - by turns upsetting, funny, and surreal. The platforming is slightly tightened up from Limbo, although it's never that taxing - and I would've liked to have seen more imagination in the physics-based puzzling - but the late-game payoff (impossible to describe without spoilers) renders any complaints about the preceding few hours pretty much moot."
,Recommended,304430,25573208,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,tokphobia,"One of the best experiences of the year.Controls are excellent, especially towards the very end of the game. The visuals are amazing, as is the atmosphere and sound effects.The only possible downside is that the game is relatively short (finished it in about 6 hours) and not very replayable. If you find that too short for the price, wait for a sale but remember to pick it up at some point - it's worth it!"
,Recommended,304430,25584657,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MarkusO,Perfect!
76561198022816112,Recommended,304430,26305012,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,danmedown,:)
76561197988523193,Recommended,304430,26303002,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Alvar - Mr. Serious,Beautiful art and atmosphere!
76561198031236902,Recommended,304430,26280849,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Shrapnul,A short but beautiful puzzle game. I feel a little bit jipped that it only lasted two hours but if it's on sale ♥♥♥♥ing get it right now.
,Recommended,304430,26313702,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,big b0ss★,"Inside definitely is a good game, its artstyle looks nice, the music and general sounds of the game are great, it's very atmospheric and it controls nicely.However, I disagree that this game holds some sort of ""profound message"" towards the player.Some people have been calling Inside ""more than just a game"", which it's not.It's literally just a game.The story is pretty good, but the fans are going a little crazy over it.Tl;dr: Don't believe all of the hype, however Inside is a very solid game that deserves your attention."
76561198025243632,Recommended,304430,26323211,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,nerp27,"I just finished and I am in a state of WTF and wow. I enjoyed the puzzles and the loose story. A lot of love and other things went into this game and I wish it was a bit longer and we got into the story more. Still in a strange state of ""Wow?"""
,Recommended,304430,26321453,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,D3V0N5H1R3,This is an unique and entertaining artwork.
76561198015772400,Recommended,304430,26321733,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,timbohay,"a totally perfect game, its rare you get to play somthing this good, its a must complet game as the ending is just amazing 10/10"
76561198095082924,Recommended,304430,26301378,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,insomnimania,"This is a mixed review, for me. Don't get me wrong, the play mechanics, the sound, the atmosphere, the environments, the character animations and the general quality of this game are top notch.. However, I feel this game really jumps the shark by the end. I read tons of reviews that really established how polarizing the ending of this game truly is. I'm a very open minded person and the premise and general atmosphere of this game really reached out towards me, eventually won over and I eventually purchased it. I can't say I regret my purchase, but I do feel this game is overpriced and again....is almost the very definition of 'jumping the shark' by the time it ends. I will say that it held my interest strongly right up until the end. Inside is currently, as I'm writing this, on sale.. I'd recommend it now, but maybe not at full price."
76561198050294120,Recommended,304430,26311552,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ranst,Definitely one of the best games I played in the recent years.Everything is so beautiful and so intelligent... I'm glad some developers still try to amaze us.
,Recommended,304430,26311949,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kruddman,"I had a great experience with INSIDE.  When it was over, I didn't want it to end.  I'm going to have lots of long thinks trying to figure out what this game was about, and I kind of love it for that.  I enjoyed every moment of it.  The controls were always surprising and fluid in natural ways, making it feel like the characters are being brought to life by your control.  So many little nuanced animations just fill in the detail.I really appreciate that this game pulls no punches on delivering the intended experience.  It sells it all the way."
,Recommended,304430,26319366,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Potato Cat,"I really enjoyed this game, moreso than Limbo. Without spoilers, I feel the ending could've been slightly different and be better, but it didn't takeaway from the game overall. If you liked Limbo, you'll like this game."
76561198113983018,Recommended,304430,25702583,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,simon_kelly,Fun. Challenging puzzles and stunning artwork.
76561198019424810,Recommended,304430,24417153,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Doubleclick,"Essential game, which is great until the final part but then something incredible happens, which might be my favourite thing I've ever seen in a video game. Avoid spoilers. Why are you here reading reviews? I told you to avoid spoilers. This is the worst place you could be. Why are you still reading this? It's like you want to be spoiled on this. Actually, keep reading my review. I care about you not seeing spoilers, so this is the only review you should be reading. Don't look up or down at any other reviews. They might have spoilers. I'm going to keep typing in the hope that while we're both engaged with this, my brain will think of a way to make this review loop back to its own beginning, so that you just read this review endlessly until you fall asleep from exhaustion. When you wake up, don't read this review again. Just click ""buy"". And don't read any other reviews. They might have spoilers.PS i have failed on the moebius strip review thing. Please beat yourself over the head until you're unconscious."
,Recommended,304430,24424055,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jesse Ventura,"Worth every penny.This game absolutely blew me away. From the visuals to the sound, it is obvipous that there was a ton of passion poured into INSIDE. It feels more cinematic than most games but yet doesnt really have cutscenes. Just a top-notch from Playdead.If you are looking for a game that has platforming, puzzles and a dark, dark sense of humour, this is for you. I'll be playing this through several more times."
76561198015759316,Recommended,304430,24404775,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Antiohus,"The game doesn't fail to suprise every time, reminded me of Limbo and its clever ways, with even increased graphics,and a really strange world.playing this game made me feel unique, more clever than most games nowadays,at the moment I saw this game was out there, and realized it's from playdead, went ahead and got it straight away cause I knew I would be in for a ride."
,Recommended,304430,24244164,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Baxus,This is an amazing game! You really get a feel for the enviroment and they have some great puzzles to solve too.  The same team who made Limbo did an amazing job on this game as well :D
,Recommended,304430,24244441,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Knaves,"To be honest, this game has the best story and puzzles that I have ever seen. Comparing this to Limbo, this game looks better and acts the same way, gameplay wise."
,Recommended,304430,24756631,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ヘンタイＲＡＺＥ,Athmospheric beauty.
,Recommended,304430,24756678,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,IronTarkus,"Its like a short film that sweeps the sundance, bloody awsome"
,Recommended,304430,24238847,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Donny Brungus,"INSIDE is very similar in terms of gameplay to Limbo. It provides a dark atmosphere and sense of dread through the whole game, without relying on jump scares. The puzzles throughout are never too difficult and keep the momentum going all the way to a fantastic finish. INSIDE is only about 4 hours long, but well worth the $10."
,Recommended,304430,24238982,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,kpshadow89,simply the best indie game...
,Recommended,304430,24239194,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Solideven,"This was the sequel of Limbo I was waiting for! Amazing artstyle, interesting storyline, seemless transistions, smooth gameplay with challenging puzzles and don't get me started on the music and sound effects! 10/10 The most immersive sidescrolling game I've ever played."
76561198081418956,Recommended,304430,24239377,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SIMBAA,BEST puzzle game
76561198020287409,Recommended,304430,24239528,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Elia,masterpiece. There must be art works in game world.
,Recommended,304430,24239644,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,przyssawka,"Limbo on steroidsIt starts simple enough, but it kicks into overdrive really quick introducing new gameplay elements, and manages to stay fresh throughout the entire journey. Stunning visuals, amazing (although silent) worldbuilding and story. Short, but it feels like a proper lenght for this kind of story.Masterpiece of a game."
76561198185105146,Recommended,304430,24239715,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,T_,"It's short, but one of the best games you'll play in 2016."
76561198016003941,Recommended,304430,24239804,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jdgonzo82,"this game is utterly amazing...the world is eery and suspicious...the player's movement is so smooth, every animation is so subtle and reflects the environment around him. the pacing is perfect and the experience of running through one of the weirdest environments i have ever experienced will never leave my memory...the ending is superb and the sound design throughout is beautiful and moody. 10/10...couldn't be improved upon! :)"
,Recommended,304430,24239879,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,darkm0d,"A great game. Only negative thing I can say about it is that I just wish it was longer. I understand how that goes though, I would not list it's gameplay duration as a ""con"" I just wish it never ended."
76561198106668026,Recommended,304430,24757197,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,venra,"Kto lubił Limbo już gra. Każdy fan dorosłych platformerów powinien zagrać. Klimat, zagadki i stylowa grafika świetnie współgrają tworząc bardzo dobrą grę"
76561198015233775,Recommended,304430,24728819,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,CaptainKush,It's impossible to not care about this strong willed little boy who's all alone in thi dark world filled with mysteries. That's what will keep you playing the game too the mysteries. The puzzles are fun and nice and the physics in this game are great.I love this experience <3
,Recommended,304430,25258507,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,LucBlack747,"Fantastic ""sequel"" to Limbo.Borrows elements of Abe's Oddyssey and Heart Of Darkness, which are also both fantastic games that hold up pretty well by the way."
76561198116859657,Recommended,304430,25126951,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Aria_guy123,YO YO YOOOO okey i can say this is one of the best games I haved played in a very very long time. any one who is reading this should get this game NOW!!!
,Recommended,304430,24193594,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Broodje,"Pff, Them dogs! Dogs!! O, and the creepy water♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wauw! Need more!"
76561198040610627,Recommended,304430,24193720,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Royale With Cheese,"It took me 4 hours to beat it with all the secrets, was great but far too short. Best bought on sale."
76561197970498139,Recommended,304430,24194409,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Liitj,Beat it. Loved it.  Playing through again. :-)
76561198058908852,Recommended,304430,24194975,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jinstor,"Same formula as LIMBO; it's a platformer with simple controls, cryptic story, not a single word, makes you uncomfortable (but not in a scary way) and short. However, INSIDE is an improvement and not as frustrating."
,Recommended,304430,24195008,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dog Bandit,"I love this game, it's extraordinarily well-done. It feels inspired by the SNES classic ""Out Of This World"" in terms of art direction, trial & error puzzles, and a storyline that is not verbalized but told strictly through gameplay.It only takes 3-4 hours to beat, but there's a fair amount of secrets and hidden areas I've yet to discover--so it's good for at least two playthroughs."
76561198036441198,Recommended,304430,24197186,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Unbound Pterodactyl,"Absolutely amazing game. It is like Limbo (Playdeads Previous game) But so much better. I say that with Limbo being one of my favourite games, having the protagonist tattooed on my arm. I recommend this game to everyone!"
,Recommended,304430,24198258,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Harkman,"If you're worried you might not enjoy this game because it is too similar to Limbo, don't. I was hesitant myself but really enjoyed INSIDE. It's a neat little game that you can finish in one sitting but the ending will get you searching up theories online, which are super interesting. The wait was long but worth it."
,Recommended,304430,24198309,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,S0meSayImHands0me,Wonderful game! puzzles where almost to easy. and the ending was kind of dissapointing. BUT overall i liked it
76561197977314259,Recommended,304430,24198351,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dElAvA,10 out of 10 blobs
,Recommended,304430,24198572,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Moxd,"Oh boy, that was... something special. The less you know, the better. Buy it."
76561197967635545,Recommended,304430,24198900,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shabroky,"Good visuals, great job with the atmospheric soundtrack, challenging enough without any stupid difficulty spikes; if you liked LIMBO you'll probably like this. As some others have said, I too felt a strong feeling of ""that's it?"" at the end, but I still had fun. My only major complaint is the price. I feel like this is worth something closer to $10, maybe $15 tops. I finished it in about three hours, although I haven't gone back for all the achievments yet."
,Recommended,304430,24198980,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DarkSoil,"INCREDIBLE!My first review on Steam happens to be the most incredible game I have ever played since Limbo! The only downside to this game was that it took 6 years to make. I'd love to play their games more frequently. I couldn't believe what was happening most of the time, right before my eyes. Its like the developers at PlayDead actuallyplayed deadduring the making of this game for research purposes."
76561197999637531,Recommended,304430,24198985,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jextler,"Absolutely the weirdest game I've ever played in my life.  It started off a bit tense and scary, then progressed to creepy, then full on heeby-jeebies.  Then 'metamorphosed' into something I've honestly never seen before, and can't imagine ever seeing again.  Then roll credits.  It has a creepy X-Files feel; you are always trying to figure out what's going on.  The puzzles are super clever and fun.  You will be stressed out to perform them before your doom.  It's like doing Sudoku while being attacked by bees.  Good luck!If you are out for a tense story with a twist you've NEVER seen before, this is the game for you!  I really enjoyed it.  Now I'm going to throw up and go to bed.Enjoy!(Seriously.,,  Loved the game.  Big time creeped out.  Wish they had more titles.)"
,Recommended,304430,24198997,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JJVZ,"The puzzles were not really hard but had the right amount of challenge, although it was a bit shorter than expected.I loved the atmosphere and gameplay,the visuals were amazing.Definetly worth picking up on sale, cant really justify the price for the amout of gameplay."
,Recommended,304430,24199070,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Devin Williams,"I have no idea what I just played, but I think I liked it."
,Recommended,304430,24199095,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Grenchorne,"Very simple mechanics make this puzzle-platformer appealing to a wide variety of people. Beautifully-crafted lighting and environment serve as a the perfect vehicle for the all-engrossing plot. Slightly disturbing and at some times horrific, INSIDE will keep you on the edge of your seat."
76561198042654320,Recommended,304430,24199117,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SgtShrapnel,"Though a relatively short game, taking me just around 5 hours to 100%, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with INSIDE. It feels like LIMBO being a side-scrolling puzzle platformer in which a little boys dies repeatedly, but is greatly improved by its muted color, phenominal lighting, and ominous music.The puzzles can be pretty complex, but (to my overwhelming relief) never truly frustrating; I find this greatly improved upon from LIMBO. In fact, many puzzles are quite simple, but require a different approach than the obvious. This made the gameplay very satisfying, and a standout feature of the game as a whole.The visuals are ASTONISHINGLY well-polished, given its relatively simple style, and the lighting is superb! The atmosphere is consitent and at times suffocating, carrying the tone all the way to its (admittedly very confusing) completion.Should you buy it at retail? If you really want to but as with any game, there's no harm in waiting for a sale.If you do pick it up, I highly encourage that you 100% it as the reward is well worth it."
76561198080483306,Recommended,304430,24199172,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,exquire,Everything in Inside is open for interperation except how brilliant it is.Best experienced when you know nothing. It's intensity and setpieces are mindblowing. You'll be thinking about this game for a very long time.10/10
76561198214178372,Recommended,304430,24199316,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DOOMslayer,I like the game but i didn't like the ending
,Recommended,304430,24199363,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Carnal Sanders,"Fantastic story, slick presentation. You quickly get a sense of what the world is about without needing to be told anything. Absolutely bizarre and amazing toward the last bits.A very short game (I beat it in 3 hours), I'm not sure everyone could justify the $20 price tag, but then I honestly felt like playing through again right away."
,Recommended,304430,26006812,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,⛧Wabbits⛧,I honestly loved this.. I wish there was more to it but still great game!!! you're looking at this in debate if you're going to buy the game or not i bet... well go on... buy it.... no seriously buy it... F@#!ING BUY IT ALREADY!!!!!
76561198245912708,Recommended,304430,25923243,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Moose Out Front,"I LOVE this game. I feel it has a great storyline and outsanding graphics. This is the first platformer I have had on Steam and I and going to get more. The only thing I Disliked was the speed of the Dogs, they were to fast of swimmers and just annoyed me whenever I play back through the game. If anyone one knows, I would like the ending of the game to be clarifyed. 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,25928531,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,yaddam205,Brilliant game.  Every detail has been meticulously perfected. The physics and animation are second to none.  Will play through again.  Story will continue to haunt and puzzle me.Buy this game.
76561197964780780,Recommended,304430,25991117,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bugsy,"I haven't played a video game in close to 10 years. My latest console is a PS2 and the only game I play on my PC is Counter Strike. This game caught my eye so I decided to try it out. It sucked me right in, its really addicting. I completed the game in 2 3-4 hour sessions. It has really good effects/graphics/sounds/lighting, I recommend playing in a dark room with your sound up. After playing this I wanted more, I looked up the company to see what else they made and I found a special edition of Limbo with 3D glasses on Amazon for $15. I just ordered that on Prime and cannot wait to play it. Thos game has really great reviews for a reason. Worth every penny at $20, mind you it is a bit short but at the same time, its $20."
76561197983931021,Recommended,304430,25989698,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,HoPe7eSS,"Wonderful. Short game, can beat in one or two sessions. Still worth it, great puzzles, funny ending, very fun!"
,Recommended,304430,26016263,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Silvarren,Would walk through desolate wasteland dystopia with small child again. 8/10
,Recommended,304430,26055777,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jackson.emanuel,"I just finished my first playthrough. This game is a monumental achievement. The experience of being hunted is one that will stay with you. Although there is no dialogue or formal storyline, I had a constant feeling of discovery and coming closer to something my character wasn't supposed to see. The gameplay is simple, straightforward, and bug-free. The puzzle sections are also simple, but varied enough to remain interesting. Some of the stealth sections are genuinely terrifying. Although the playtime is short (only about 4-5 hours), the ending is one of the most unforgettable I've ever experienced in a video game. I highly recommend this game to anyone considering it."
,Recommended,304430,26101405,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MrTomatoBalls,"One of the best platformers I have ever had the pleasure of playing. The game doesn't take you by the hand, it lets you think in more ways than one."
,Recommended,304430,26065354,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TAyLOr,best game
,Recommended,304430,26081317,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Whelly,"Honestly one of the most polished games I've ever played. The puzzles are interesting and never repetitive. The visuals and soundtrack are incredibly atmospheric. The ending will stick with you long after the credits roll. It truly might be one of my favorite games of all time. I loved Limbo, and to say this blows it out of the water is no small feat. Recommended."
76561198083825837,Recommended,304430,26364697,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sacros,"A somewhat short, but incredibly well-made game.Pros:  -Short-Sound/Music-Easy gameplayCons: -Short"
,Recommended,304430,26379847,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Compu_Serv,"This game merges simplicity with depth and I mean lots of debth. The rules are simple and you got limited actions, but the story is deep. This game is not told by dialog or cutscenes, its an immersive experiance. The story is dark but it leaves huminity with an important message. Worth every cent and I reconmend this as an essential title for everyone."
76561198026962192,Recommended,304430,26395096,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,wildbilly61,Fantasic 2d platformer with haunting visuals and atmosphere. This will become a classic.
,Recommended,304430,27215018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,"This is a good platform and puzzel game. If you have not tried it yet, than you should buy it right now."
,Recommended,304430,27160066,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Novander,My review in video form:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6x91ydqQ4yg&
,Recommended,304430,27166376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SoFree,I LOVE THIS GAME !!
,Recommended,304430,24484851,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ArtCherry,"Just when I thought they couldn't make a game better than Limbo. This was a very enjoyable experience & very open to discussion. I did not hesitate at all to spend $20 on it, and it was very much worth it."
76561198091654869,Recommended,304430,27262431,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZzzZzz,"Great game following Limbo, amazing."
,Recommended,304430,27258516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WaxLion,Beautifully dark and disturbing game with simple and elegant gameplay. Hard to put down until the end. I just wanted more.
76561197980738239,Recommended,304430,27276716,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,traumas,"Limbo / InsideLimbo is the posterchild for the arthouse indiegame, utilizing its low budget to full effect and creating a game more beautifully crafted and captivating than most triple-A games. In truth, its limitations were not entierly apparant until Inside - its much improved successor - came out. Both present a dark and lonely world, where a young boy travelstravels through a hostile environment where everybody seems intent on causing his imminent demise. There is a lingering sense of uneasiness here, with hidden traps and monstrosities suddenly seeping out of the shadows to attack. Even worse are the other humans - with groups of older kids throwing spears and grownups pushing the child protagonist to the ground and strangeling him to death. Its the kind of thing that does not stop being upsetting, in fact watching it over and over again as you fail multiple times only makes it worse. What motivates them to such haneous acts? It is never properly elaborated upon, with endings that leave room for interpretation. Never the less they are highly engaging experiences, with Inside especially knocking it out of the park with its sublime endgame."
,Recommended,304430,24195148,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Drillur,INSIDE is gripping from the moment you hit Play in Steam. Seriously. An emotional 2d wonder. Discovering what's inside is entirely worth the $20. I've not enjoyed a short indie game so much since... huh... Limbo.
76561198013697341,Recommended,304430,24195340,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,bai_ganyo,"What a ride!Took me 4 hours, had to do it again.For me Limbo was right at the beginning of this golden age of indie games we're living in now.Playdead took whatever made Limbo great and amped it up a notch. THe atmosphere is out of this world, constant change of setting and puzzle design. No puzzle is hard enough to stop you for more than a bit. You keep running, the game is pushing you deeper inside.A remarkable tour de force."
76561198062898644,Recommended,304430,24195396,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Enormous_Rat,"The kind of game that makes you glad video games were created in the first place. Insane atmosphere, great ""storytelling"" through gameplay and observation. Definitely worthy of your time."
,Recommended,304430,24195409,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The Hurter(ing)er,What a great game! It captured me like the old school game Another World did. Seriously fun with a fantastic visual style. I highly recommend this.
76561197970281997,Recommended,304430,24195522,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,colossalsk8,Amazing game all the way through teh last hour was a technical marvel. Thought it was just more limbo at the start but it unfolded into amazing adventure.
,Recommended,304430,24195583,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Reindeer,"I cannot say definitively whether I like INSIDE or LIMBO better, but they are both among the best games I have ever played. If you like ambience, atmosphere, puzzles, horror, limbo, owellian dystopia or amazing visuals, get this."
,Recommended,304430,24195603,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,antisocial...,Men in jason mask tried to kill me.Then a dog tried to eat me. I just jumped a submarine over a hatch.Now im taking a break and taking some xanax cause that♥♥♥♥♥♥gave me a straight up anxiety attack. 1.4 hrs in and I already feel i got my monies worth.
,Recommended,304430,24195622,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,vladw,"A worthy follow-up to LIMBO and just like it's predecessor, a masterpiece in it's own right. Will be remembered."
76561197977430370,Recommended,304430,24195681,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,.rama,"It feels like this is the completed product and LIMBO was a prototype.Amazing graphics, sound and atmosphere. Good entertaining and often pretty creepy puzles.10/10 will definitely play through again."
,Recommended,304430,24195708,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cheg,I'll never swim again.
,Recommended,304430,24195774,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sparrow,"If you enjoyed LIMBO back in the day, then you will undoubtedly fall in love with this game. Although it may appear to be a little less grim than LIMBO, I can assure you it is not. This is a dark, sinister game and I could not express enough how incredible it is. This is a work of art and is damn near perfect. This is now without question in my top 3 games of all time. This is a masterpiece and for $20 it is a steal. I HIGHLY reccomend this to anyone who is feeling like a macabre platformer is what they need, and trust me, you need this game..."
,Recommended,304430,24172785,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AndeAlmighty,"Very much builds on all the platforming and mechanics found in LIMBO in a lot of interesting ways, if you enjoyed that game you will love this one.It's visual style is amazing to look at through the whole game, it feels like every screen was designed like a piece of art, as if you could take a screenshot of any point in this game and put in in a frame to hang in a modern art museum.Even though this game is technically as linear as it gets, it really does an amazing job making you feel like you're exploring an actual 3D space and not just confined to a 2D line, and I think that's the most impressive part of the game. It allows you to really be immersed and feel like you're exploring a world instead of riding a really slow rollercoaster. The story is told primarily through the environment as well, similar to FEZ, in how with every area you discover, you also learn more about the world and what was going on in it.This isn't really the greatest 2D platformer-puzzler games I've ever played, but it's a damn good one with some unique mechanics and fluid controls. The puzzles aren't exactly the hardest but provide enough challenge to keep me interested. I hate to keep comparing it to LIMBO, but it really is -such- a similar experience when it comes to the puzzles and movement, just done more in depth and better.To sum this review up I absolutely reccomend this as a game to just really get immersed in, enjoying the visuals and sounds, while watching a interesting story unfold and finish in about 3 or 4 hours. I think for the experience I had with the game, it was totally worth the 20$, I felt like the amount of time I spent was just enough to leave me satisfied, and wouldn't mind playing through again just to look get lost in the amazing visuals."
,Recommended,304430,24173361,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Patch,Great game even for those who have never played Limbo. The detailed animation work alone is worth the price. Definitely pick this up if on sale.
,Recommended,304430,24173380,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,nortonoantivirus,"So if you liked the platforming, puzzling, and seeing a young boy be evicerated or disemboweled in Limbo, its that but even better. Inside goes way beoynd Limbo, and when it gets rolling, boy does this game go places."
,Recommended,304430,24173407,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,dilly_dawg,"This game is why I play games. It's truly a unique experience and a work of art. Inside deserves all the praise it's getting from reviewers. The atmosphere, graphics, animations, sound design, and gameplay all compliment one another beautifully. It's short but I would not say that that's a bad thing at all; just means that the game is extremely polished and concise and says what it wants to say and doesn't smother you with filler content. All in all this is a masterfully made experience that you should play for yourself. PlayDead has made yet another masterpiece."
,Recommended,304430,24173474,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ŕάşţάмùғғίή,"Amazing feel for a platformer. Creepy aspects, beautiful visuals and sound design. Puzzles don't take long to figure out, and secrets are not impossible to find. The secrets too, had mini puzzles, and were definitely worth the find. Worth the money, however still wanting a bit more. Would recommend to anyone who enjoyed Limbo, or anyone looking for a puzzle platformer with a dark twist.P.S. You'll get a good 10+ hours out of the game if you take in the atmosphere and hunt for all of the secrets. Most of the reviews complaining ""I completed it in 3 hours"" took a speedrun and didnt appreciate the game's hunt for achievements.+SPOILER+Ending was a little boring, expected something huge to happen instead of the tumble. Also left with alot of questions, and slightly unsatisfied considering there was so much buildup throughout the game."
,Recommended,304430,24173686,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Keavon,"Even better than Limbo. The atmosphere is palpable, and the eeriness is incredible. Inside is a must-play."
,Recommended,304430,24173693,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,i'm a very rapid packer,"Amazing puzzles and amazing atmosphere.  A beautiful, spooky, detailed world.  I would recommend it to any of my friends on the fence about the $/hours concern.  It's worth it, even if it's short."
76561198043243225,Recommended,304430,24173733,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ToxicPiaf,"I now understand why this game got a perfect 10 from IGN.The games story, visuals, and puzzles are creative and have clearly had a lot of thought put into it. They all compliment each other. The puzzles are relevant to the pace of the story, the story is in line with the visuals, and the visuals play around with the puzzles in perfect harmony.I've taken so many screen shots because though this entire experience I was in owe of how they broke my own reality.This whole game is a dream inside of a nightmare, and a nightmare inside of a dream. I found my self tossed between being happy and creepied out, from frustraton to empathy.This is a great piece of art, it's cheap, why not try it out?"
,Recommended,304430,24173898,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,-|Sparky|-,"Graphics, music, sound, gameplay are all mindblowing. The ending left me asking too many questions though, but perhaps I missed some things."
76561198141106331,Recommended,304430,24705290,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,aronegal,It was the strongest experience from any piece of art that i had recently!
76561197995814747,Recommended,304430,24708489,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TooMuchData,Amazing experience!
76561198007025591,Recommended,304430,24706079,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,dragonbeard,A beautiful dystopian game. I highly recommend it! Very smooth gameplay and the puzzles easy to solve. Hopefully there will be a part 2 soon :)
,Recommended,304430,24764703,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KitKat,"I've never been able to finish LIMBO, the game crept me out so much that I just can't continue on playing it. It felt like the game was simply, escaping from death, solving puzzle and the rest is just the creepy atmosphere and objects.INSIDE gave me the feeling that it is so much more, though the creepiness remain more or less the same.Aside from the improved graphics, the art style is also very likable, a bit similar to how LIMBO was.This is one of the few games that I purchased without any hesistant and not during any sales, a short 5 mins gameplay video of it is enough for me to make the decision. There is asecret ending,which is a plus to me, things like these are just nice bonus. Definitely recommended."
76561198040834256,Recommended,304430,24814661,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,slewis2358,"I very nearly didn't buy this game but I'm soooo glad I did!!! This is weird and creepy and beautiful and very, very clever!Treat yourself to something quite special."
,Recommended,304430,24814811,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mack71,"Awesome and disturbing.....how can a side scrolly game hold so much atmosphere excellent animation lighting and sound kept me hooked start to finish, i find that a very rare quality in a game these days ( probably my age ;) ) but the story....left me feeling a strange, well you`ll find out if you take the plunge well worth it."
76561197960863178,Recommended,304430,24814886,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,maxik,Epic game
76561198116411122,Recommended,304430,24803866,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Earthboundftw!!!,"This was good stuff, you gotta buy it."
,Recommended,304430,24818182,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ionside,"So damn prettyAnd gruesome, Haven't finished the game yet, but loving the short time I've had with it so far. As an experience, everything fits so nicely; the audio is beautiful, the art is perfectly minimalistic, and the animations are wonderful. Everything ties together so well that I get a little giddy in the stomach each time I fail.Level design and gameplay has been thought out very well.Well done devs."
76561198022694448,Recommended,304430,24819756,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,- V-sync: fast -,"As everyone says, it's a good game but, for me, with big cons:- Too short to complete- The price is high for a too short game- The puzzles are relatively easy. This makes the game shorter- No replayability, unless you want to get the alternate ending or all the secrets without guidesI will give it a thumb up because is good but... god damn short.Take this in account and enjoy the game if you like this style."
,Recommended,304430,24936423,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CtrlAltDefeat,"INSIDE is nothing more than an achievement in todays over saturated field of accessable, not only indie, but video games in general. The level of story telling and narrative through atmospheric gameplay and world building alone is higher than many AAA games on the market to date, and in the 4 or so hours of gameplay, I felt completely immersed and captivated by the world, story, puzzles and mind ♥♥♥♥ery that goes on in INSIDE.The level of polish in this game is incredible, to the point where ever simple action I took felt like it had a direct impact of what would happen to me, and I felt a level of disturbance in playing this game that I have never experienced before. In a good way, that is. They managed to get an emotion out of me that I had never experienced in a video game before.So, to sum up, play this game. Play this game if you liked Limbo. Play this game if you never even played Limbo. Play this game if you hated Limbo. Are you playing it yet? Stop reading my review and just play it already...Jeez..."
76561198150793506,Recommended,304430,24951855,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tom Clancy,The amazing genre that was started by limbo.
76561198280042407,Recommended,304430,24952015,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,cthedawg,"This game was really well paced. The story line was well weaved and thoroughly enthralling. This was predominantly achieved through 2 fundamental gaming concepts: 1. appropriate, gripping music and 2. deliberate and stunning visuals. So where many saw Inside's art style as simplistic i thought that it was breath taking through it's Gothic appearance and soft, volumetric light. Now how it turned into a brilliant game for me was through the sound. An almost eerie hum filtered through in most scenes and only a select few other sounds would perforate this hum. Keeping the audio uncrowded and eerie really created an exquisite atmosphere.So i won't spoil the game in any way but i will say this as a summary. GREAT GRAPHICS. GREAT STORY LINE. GREAT AUDIO. GREAT PUZZLES. GREAT MYSTERY. GREAT GAME.IT MADE GAMING GREAT AGAIN... FOR ME. Please play it!! It is worth every cent!"
,Recommended,304430,24947789,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,AterNox,On recommendation from a friend I purached this game. Im not usually the follow along story types usually.This game is worth it. I cannot recommend it enough. I highly recommend using a controller of some kind.would buy again 10/10
76561198053378849,Recommended,304430,24948906,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Curuglas,"Pro:* Nice and smooth gameplay* Thrilling setting* Solvable riddles, never getting ""stuck""* Autosave after every solved sectionCons:* Very disappointing ending* ""Missing"" storyThough the price of 20 € seems a little bit high for a game of this complexity and duration, it is all together a nice and enjoyable game, at least until the final part. I guess the whole game can only be seen as a surrealistic work of art; everyone has to come to his own conclusions."
,Recommended,304430,24946742,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Theodore Roberts,"A great game, and some challenging puzzle with an interesting and mysterious story."
,Recommended,304430,24883599,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Cloud,This game is really fun! It had me intrigued as to what the story is all about!
76561198302543606,Recommended,304430,24912366,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,18201905907,"A super cool game. Playing this game is like immersing in a tragdy played and created by you.it is of course dark, but also provoking, applying a lot of beautiful dancing lauguage, and so much more which I cannot describe. It is not the smart puzzle impressed me, but the ""coolness"".Just play it."
76561198130960691,Recommended,304430,24912509,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,markhoworth1,3 Hours well spent. Well worth asking price.
,Recommended,304430,24923126,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,↑ncreaser™,A smart scroller that makes you think.  The game is short but it delivers a fresh experience.
76561198303750500,Recommended,304430,24940790,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fabioeferrer,"Unbelievable game, will leave you wishing for more. Awesome but confusing experience at all levels. thank you for a great game."
,Recommended,304430,24941476,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Lettuce,"This game is actually pretty fun, too bad it lasts short if you play seriously. I didn't quite get the story but I would play again 10/10. BIG BOB WOULD PLAY AGAIN"
,Recommended,304430,24942092,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ceptimus,"Simply incredible, INSIDE is top of the line within its genre, and another masterpiece from Playdead."
,Recommended,304430,24394956,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Immersion | Trip,"i know you really have too think about this game, but. ummmmm okay? thats the ending? didnt explain much just a wholebunch of puzzles. but im giving a thumbs up for intensenes and graphics are spot on! Story is kkinda hard..XC"
,Recommended,304430,24557137,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nevralgie,Holy sh...
,Recommended,304430,24559466,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,blazindogg,"Inside is a fine example in video game storytelling. Games like this, it's predecssor LIMBO, Shadow of the Colossus etc. prove that you don't need any dialogue or voice acting to convey a great story. The game is still a bit too short for the target price point, but the story and well crafted visuals and sound design more than make up for it. On the gameplay side, puzzles are very well done as well, giving me that ""ah-ha!"" moment many times, mostly because i was too dumb to realize that the solutions to most of those puzzles were right in front of me, but i couldn't piece them together.And that ending. OMFG. There's no two ways about it. You're either gonna love it or hate it. But it at least has some great shock value which would probably dominate your thinking of this game once you finish it. And it's worth it on that basis alone.If you're still unsure about the asking price, i would suggest waiting for a steam sale. But play it you must. Don't miss out on this experience. What Playdead studios have acheived here is nothing short of magnificent."
,Recommended,304430,24558229,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,mat0,Masterpiece. Best game I played in years.
,Recommended,304430,24659341,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mudokon,Amazing 8 hours!But grab for $20 bucks or less on steam.
,Recommended,304430,24659455,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,andyF,"Let me preface this by saying I have not played Limbo, although I watched a good chunk of it being played.INSIDE is not a game where the story is obvious or explained. It is very much up to your imagination to ponder what happens through the 3-4 hours the game runs for. Personally, that's not a selling point to me. I am a dumb old man and like to think there's going to be a little explanation here or there so I at least know whatever I'm thinking of the story as I go along is accurate or not.That said, I played through this in pretty much two sittings. On the one hand, the setting and atmosphere of the game is very captivating and I simply wanted to keep pushing on to see what I would see next. Other people better at words than me have drawn comparisons to the City 17 setting from Half Life 2, and I think that's fair. There is a definite air of mystery about everything.On the other hand, I was getting through the puzzles in the game in a pretty inexorable fashion. I read a professional review where the reviewer stated they had to go away for a bit, then come back to the game to finally get the 'a-ha!' moment on a particular puzzle. I feel almost proud that I never really got stumped for more than a couple of minutes and even then only on a couple puzzles. I put this down to my entirely misplaced sense of intuition :) but yes, it felt good to solve what I think others might consider frowny-face puzzles in only two or three quick attempts.This is quite a short game, giving the same sort of entertainment value per $ as going to the cinema in my terrible, overpriced country, but I did not regret buying this game, as the interactive medium of video game storytelling compared to the silver screen is so very different and enjoyable in its own right. The ability to stop and ponder the sights and sounds rather than be stuck on rails until the end never stops being a joy, and INSIDE has plenty of moments where you will want to stop and ponder.If you do value how much entertainment you get for your dollar / pound / euro, then maybe the short length of this experience will dissuade you. But if you enjoy a thought-provoking experience where you split your time equally between solving puzzles as you do trying to figure out what the heck is going on, then I dare say it's a must-have.I rate this game three bongs and one snoop-dogg."
76561198104200141,Recommended,304430,24659895,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Goot,Wonderful game.
,Recommended,304430,24656758,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,lookmumnohands,Love every minute of it!
76561198007904734,Recommended,304430,24658290,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DiegoDog68,"Awsome little game, but way too short and way to expensive for that much content.  My recommendation is for you to buy it....but wait for it on sale."
,Recommended,304430,24659147,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Cheeky,"This game has incredible animation just like limbo had, even though i didnt felt the puzzles where that difficult i enojyed this game a lot. It has good gameplay mechanics, its a good pc port and the creativity behind some of this puzzles its really good and i found the concepts of this game very interesting i recommend this game to anyone that likes puzzle games and enjoys quality gameplay and animation. And if you liked LIMBO you are probably going to love this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,304430,24680207,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,cAssino rOyale,"Several games can provide a good time and entertain. Few can truly make us entertained and thoughtful about what he just have played. Only a handful can give us a lasting wonder even when we're not playing. Inside is and has all of it. I completed the game and saw the credits. Felt compelled and obliged to press forwarded right after until I saw the credits again. I am replaying it ever since. The sense of dread is intertwined with quietness. The dangers often mixed up with peacefulness. Irrespective to whether I was finding my way or in dying, I felt rewarded. Therefore I totally recommend this game, hands down."
,Recommended,304430,24680256,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tristan,"Short, but definitely worthwhile experience for $20. The end was unlike anything else I've experience in a video game."
,Recommended,304430,24621464,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Father,the best indie game ever
,Recommended,304430,24621466,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,PenguinHDizzle,if you played limbo and loved it youll love this game
76561198040953695,Recommended,304430,24620673,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,euro_salamander,"This game was pretty short but very sweet. Incredibly atmospheric and moody, with environments that causes more questions than answers, and while there isn't a single line of spoken dialogue anywhere in the game, you still feel like you're part of a story.Pros:- Very atmosperic- Good controls- Story that you have to imagine yourself- *Really* weird final act- Fairly varied ""stages""- Very many narrow escapes that are pretty harrowingCons:- Fairly short, I finished it on my first try in just over 3 hours- No New Game+- Not much replayability- The ""secret ending""I felt was a bit disappointingOverall, I'd recommend buying this game, but only pay full price if either a) you don't mind playing a fairly short game, b) really loved Limbo, c) want to support the studio, or all three at once.Quick tip: Keep your eyes open for yellow cables."
,Recommended,304430,24622577,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Spaseman,Absolutely fantastic in every way. The game starts out interesting and ends unbelievable. First playthrough took only three hours and was worth every penny.
,Recommended,304430,24615902,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Master_Criskywalker,"If there was some doubt that games were art, this game is more help to dissipating that myth.Beautiful and dark game which tells everything with no need for dialogue, tutorial or GUI to guide the player through its story simply by using gameplay mechanics.INSIDE is a masterpiece and I can’t wait to play whatever these guys come up with next."
,Recommended,304430,24283566,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Iskandar,"Excellent mechanics and visuals, but the puzzles could have been more challenging. Coming from Limbo, this game was much simpler."
76561197976854078,Recommended,304430,24283809,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Hevige Tim,"Very cool game! Set in a weird world with outstanding graphics and animation!The puzzles are a little easy, with only a few which have to be timed just right.The game reminded me a lot of Deadlight, which is fine because I like that one very much as well."
76561198048566550,Recommended,304430,24285856,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,neteixeira,"One of the best games I've ever played, its fast pace, thrilling and scary, maybe a bit too easy but still it lets you fill good for your achivements. Only problem with the game is that it's too short only 3 hours of gameplay for 20€ I find it 10€ too expensive.Hope to see more games from playdead soon."
,Recommended,304430,24286091,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,finalxnoodles,so basically a $20 4hr movie ticket to some indie sci-fi movie with no apparent plotwould i recommend this game? YES!!! it was worth every single dollar
76561198048472457,Recommended,304430,24286092,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,LegendaryByakko,"I would like to start off by saying this is an amazing game, I had a lot of fun playing it. However, in hindsight i regret buying it now, i literally completed the game 100% in roughly 3 hours, so while i cannot recomend this game enough I would suggest waiting for a steam sale to lower the price. it is not worth $22 for 3 hours of content. and not much replayability."
76561198063812678,Recommended,304430,24280190,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Raging Munchlax,Buy. It. Now.
,Recommended,304430,24280222,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,n[A]poleon solo,Playdead did it again....They took what is best in Limbo and transform it into a whole new game :3 I cannot recommend enough
,Recommended,304430,24280329,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,gARY bAVARSKI,"Dude, so good. Seriously. The design in general. The sound design. The uniqueness factor. The fun puzzles that put a smile on your gamer face. Just buy it right now. Why da heck not?"
76561198037783025,Recommended,304430,24280428,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dr Funzo,"I loved this game. If you liked Limbo then you will like this game just as much or even more. The only thing is that it was not very hard. There are some hard puzzles but nothing to complicated. Overall, it is well worth the money"
76561198103614944,Recommended,304430,24280612,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Follower of Tzeentch,10/10 dark and creepy.
,Recommended,304430,24280425,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,.png,INSIDE's had a lot of hype so I find it utterly futile to add much more to this review other than to say:It's good.9/10 good.Might play it again in a years' time good.That good.
76561197970606429,Recommended,304430,24280915,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Will G,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NChpbtqSSygWhat is there to say that hasn't already been said?This is ART!Go buy it...Really even if you don't like going right most of the time you will still love it
,Recommended,304430,24276271,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tasty™,"It's quite a short game, if you don't mind paying £15 for a 3-4 hour game. It was a very good story, just like Limbo, made you think a bit. If you're a bit short on cash i would save it untill it's on sale. If you really enjoyed Limbo however, get this game asap! Loved It!"
,Recommended,304430,24282442,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,camscottbryce,"I definitely recommend this game. I won't spoil anything, because this game needs to be played without any knowledge about what is going on in the story. All I'll say is thatINSIDEis a perfect example of video games as a narrative medium. The game tells its story through interactions, visuals, and sounds in a way that many other games do not.The game will last you around three hours, but please understand that this is a game that is about delivering an experience through interaction. There are a lot of reviews on here that the game is ""too easy"" or that it's ""too short,"" but you have to understand that the developer is not trying to create a lengthy puzzle platformer game with a series of challenges likePortalor something. Nor is this a game where ""story"" comes first, and gameplay is left at the wayside. Instead, gameplay and story and meshed together in a way that benefits both aspects. Before you buy the game, make sure that you're okay spending $20 on that experience. The developers clearly worked hard on this game, and I believe they deserve that money, but there are plenty of people complaining that they didn't get their money's worth or something to that point. It's a $20, three hour long narrative experience that is worth playing."
,Recommended,304430,24282601,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Markus,Definitely a polished piece of art that makes you think. If you think you'll love this kind of storytelling and puzzle solving then get this game. Otherwise I would advise waiting for a sale.
76561197970491910,Recommended,304430,24282708,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Proteus505,Brilliant game. So simple and so engaging. Love the visual style. A huge improvement over Limbo.
,Recommended,304430,24282944,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,HeXadecimal,"Short (3-4hrs of gameplay), but every single second of it is flawless. Utterly flawless."
76561198140687574,Recommended,304430,24301754,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BeedingGiants,"Unbeleivably brilliant. As fantastic and wonderful as undertale... Genuinely, the best game I have ever played. Would definitely recommend reading up on some theories after you finish the game, especially if you were still left wondering at the end of the game ( as I was ;-p )"
76561198020962979,Recommended,304430,24301919,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MA-SIMON,+ Amazing Atmosphere. Stunning Animation.- The lack of a satisfying ending makes the experience bittersweet though.
,Recommended,304430,24302078,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,w7w7w7w7w7,"Pros:-a master level of craftsmanship-incredible haunting world-unbelievable level of artistic detail-great story if you like ambiguous storiesCons-only 3-4 hours-pretty simple puzzles-secret ending is silly at best-...possibly a bit too ambiguousI'd give it an 8/10 overall, but it's playtime to price ratio is a bit off. I'd say it's an absolute no brainier on sale and still a worthwhile venture if you have the money to spend otherwise."
,Recommended,304430,26599505,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ozymandiabish,"Played this after finishing the amazing previous game by this studio, Limbo. Went into it without the slightest knowledge. And finished it with an open mouth. In the 3.5 hours of my first playthrough I experienced some of the most terrifying, jaw-dropping, awe-inspiring things. Not many games have been able to do that. The amazing atmosphere, the perfect soundtrack and superb simple controls make this one of the best games I've ever played. Go pick it up."
,Recommended,304430,26546251,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,cyberi0n,"Inside is a masterwork! Totally mesmerizing and disturbing game, that has clever & creative game design and stunning visual effects."
,Recommended,304430,26985805,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Griffon247,"By the time I reached the climax (phrasing), I was left speechless."
,Recommended,304430,26989294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LeeFox,The hardest thing to do is say a complex thing in a simple way. this game has done that. 5/5 100% two thumbs up.
,Recommended,304430,26810422,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,langdonx,"INSIDE is a game that I wasn't sure I'd play.  This decision was entirely based on playing LIMBO way back when.  LIMBO was OK -- I loved the visuals and liked moving the boy around alright, but it never really spoke to me.  This isn't about LIMBO though, it's about INSIDE.INSIDE is/was awesome.  INSIDE speaks to me.  It's not that I can relate to anything that's happening in the game!  It's because the game is so incredibly well crafted and takes you to a place where you (or at least I) could literally never imagine.  It's not a great place, and not one you'd want to visit, but isn't that why fictional stories exist?  To sweep us away to the unimagineable?  INSIDE does that.Play INSIDE."
,Recommended,304430,26828468,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pH,"Fantastic game from start the finish. The attention to detail in the movements and interactions is impeccable. It may be short and linear, but it's a gorgeous experience from start to finish, all in one continuous take. Short and sweet."
,Recommended,304430,26962506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Juhanni,A beutiful game! Deep yet discrete emotional values!
,Recommended,304430,26964194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HTML_Earth,"If you don't like atmospheric games, you'll think it's boring. But if you do, you'll get a nice cinematic platformer with light puzzles that don't take too long to solve. You won't get any story fed to you, it's all in the environment."
,Recommended,304430,26942035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malus,Just awesome.
,Recommended,304430,26947444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChuckyT,Amazing way of telling a story without the use of dialogue.
,Recommended,304430,26945674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maya,Really good game!
,Recommended,304430,26948161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xobel,Amazing artwork and animation. Great atmosphere. Well worth the time.
,Recommended,304430,26946695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FrakTruck,"this game is rad, you should play it"
,Recommended,304430,26968122,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MAZ,Playdead just outdid themselves this time.
,Recommended,304430,27052358,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Plank,One of the greatest movie like games I have ever played. Played it 3 times and still loved it. 11/10!
,Recommended,304430,27041430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seravin,Eyegasm quality of art direction
,Recommended,304430,27004335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,its me spooky napkin,"The game while being a little ""dark"" is well themed music wise, ending was interesting"
76561198000602478,Recommended,304430,24196207,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jakeofravenclaw,"INSIDE is the only game that has ever given me nightmares.This game is about three to four hours long, and broadly speaking it's a puzzle-platformer, with a heavy focus on atmosphere and tone rather than traditional storytelling. If Limbo was too ambiguous for your tastes, you probably aren't going to like this one either. That said, it does improve on Limbo in several respects--the (gorgeous) visuals are more layered, with a lot more stuff happening in the backgrounds, and the pacing is excellent throughout. Also, where Limbo had a very sudden and understated ending, this one...well, you'll have to see for yourself. I've definitely never seen a game do anything quite like it.If you've come to the reviews section wondering ""Will I actually like this,"" it really should be emphasized that Inside doesn't have a traditional story--everyone will have their own interpretations of what's going on, but there really isn't a mystery to solve or a plot to figure out. You move ever deeper through a bizarre industrial environment, full of increasingly unsettling sights. That's the whole game. Personally, I totally loved it--for my money no one is better than Playdead at tapping into primal fears and using video game environments to create feelings of awe and dread. There are no jump scares here, and fairly minimal gore (some of the death animations are pretty gnarly), but the game is just relentlessly intense the whole way through. And the puzzle design is equally excellent--no one mechanic ever outstays its welcome, and many of them are iterated on in new ways as the game goes on.I could understand someone not wanting to pay full price for this--$20 for four hours is fairly steep. That's fine, throw it on your wishlist and wait for the next Steam sale, whatever. But there are a lot of video games out there that will give you hours upon hours of content, and then fade from your mind afterwards as though you never played them at all. INSIDE sticks around. INSIDE gets in your head. INSIDE knows exactly what it wants to be for every second of its runtime, and I think that's a rare and valuable thing.And that ending. Jesus. You may play a lot of other games in 2016, but you will definitely not play another one quite like this."
,Recommended,304430,27085050,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chapel,All I can say is that this is a game worth playing.
,Recommended,304430,27006883,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,uEgg Dwagon,"Best game I plyed in a long time! I hoped It was bigger, but nothenless, Great 10/10"
,Recommended,304430,24214799,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jammy,Original. Challenging. Brilliant.
76561197970649042,Recommended,304430,24213416,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mike,"Fantastic game! I really enjoyed Limbo, but I think I liked this even more. It's dark and twisted atmosphere is beautiful and terrifying to great effect."
,Recommended,304430,24213428,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fake Jake,"Great art, game, and soundtrack! The less you know about this game the better!"
,Recommended,304430,24213495,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Supreme Dalek,That was.... interesting!10/10
76561198040966889,Recommended,304430,24213500,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,A bloke called Dean,Beautiful game. Easier than limbo yet still challenging. About 3 hours to finish.
,Recommended,304430,24213585,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BEGONE THOT,"Its an ok game. Puzzles were too easy, so, not as good as Limbo."
,Recommended,304430,24213939,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Blame The Matchmaking,Just... Wow
,Recommended,304430,24213974,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ramin_div,Best Of 2016
,Recommended,304430,24214000,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Space Bear,This game is a weird & wonderful piece of art!Loved it!
76561197993767882,Recommended,304430,24214044,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tony1000,At first I wanted to play this game because of visual totalitarian style and setting.I get what I want but closer to last part of the game I start to get bored. All these move-objects puzzles...Unless... Well unless happened what I didn't expected.Now I'm under huge impression with the work that developers have done.Didn't been thinking that game with such quality can be done with Unity engine.9/10
76561197970385933,Recommended,304430,24214992,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheRec,"INSIDE is a great game, the story, the art, the game mechanics are just awesome and I enjoyed them a lot.The only problem I have with this game is that it was sold to me by many reviewers (and mainly GiantBomb) as something much better and longer than LIMBO and it was not. I remember having to think way harder while playing LIMBO to solve puzzles. The ones in INSIDE were really simple and thus the game felt way too short.In terms of content/replayability it is more of a $10 game than a $20 in my opinion. I hate to say this because I know the work it is to get such a polished game, but it really felt too short. So if you have the money go for it, it's a great game (again!) otherwise wait for sales.EDIT:  My playtime is not accurate, I roughly spent 3-4 hours playing, the rest was spent in the menu because I had to leave in a hurry and the game stayed opened the rest of the day while I was away."
,Recommended,304430,24216389,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,crainium14,"I'm a huge fan of Limbo, and I have to say I don't think Inside quite lives up to it. For me, I think it was the difficulty factor. Limbo had me seething, trying to figure out what the hell I'm doing wrong. But, Inside just fell a little short. It was too easy.Other than that, the setting was just as awesome as you might expect from Play Dead. I played through with a pair of Turtle Beaches and I can tell you the sound track is killer. You won't find better effects in any AAA title.I don't want to influence your decision by saying Limbo was a better game. They're two wholly different experiences, and they're both superb (among my favorite games ever). Yeah, $20 seems steep for a 3-hour experience, but trust me when I say those are 3 hours that'll stick with you for a good long while.Just buy it."
,Recommended,304430,24216681,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Atlas Missed,Great game!
76561198039644766,Recommended,304430,24216770,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Eek-a-Mouse,Immaculately crafted until it's not - with some puzzles being too 'puzzely' - it breaks down the natural design and flow of the world. Other than that it's on par (if not better) than Limbo.
76561198080263990,Recommended,304430,24216977,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PeyoteAsesino,"Amazing that there actually is developers out there who can really put thy're sensitivities in a video game format. Awesome game, would recommend it to the end."
,Recommended,304430,24215653,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nitroustyman,Fun Game
,Recommended,304430,24216037,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hutt Butter,"Exceptional 2.5D platform adventure game from the makers of Limbo.Pros:- Breathtaking aethestic and graphics. This game will show you things you've never seen before.- Atmospheric as ♥♥♥♥ and feeling very like a dark, twisted scandinavian fairy tale- Minimalist sound and music that reminds me of 70s and 80s horror.- Original and compelling mechanics that are intuitive and feel great- Just the right degree of difficulty for me- Deliciously messed upCons:- Obviously moar content would be nice but I suspect the pacing and the story wouldn't survive being stretched out- Um...- Er.."
76561197973481972,Recommended,304430,24215667,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JoeDjN,Excellent thought provoking game with plenty of secrets to find
,Recommended,304430,24217054,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DecayShow,Limbo was a Wonder... INSIDE is a Masterpiece.
,Recommended,304430,24217138,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,pez,"Excellent, excellent game!Very similar to their previous title Limbo, which is obviously not a negative!Also shares some puzzle game mechanics with another game called The Swapper, which having played that might have made any puzzles in this seem a bit easy, which would be my only gripe.Difficulty aside, the graphics, presentation & sound fx all come together to make a 3 hour long piece of art!Will be playing through again to pick up the secrets I missed along the way :D"
,Recommended,304430,24212931,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,digitalgoodtime,"I loved Limbo. They are very similar but the visuals in Inside are some of the most impressive I have ever seen in a video game. The physics and how the boy reacts to the world is very realistic. That being said, I just finished the game and it has been some of the most intense moments in gaming...death is around every corner and it's up to you to figure out how to evade it. The puzzles are not very difficult, but I did have to scratch my head a few times.   I was blown away by what happens near the end.  Let's just say the physics and modeling is really impressive.  It ended abruptly and I had more questions than answers, but I can see why they took that approach.  It was kind of beautiful.I say if you liked Limbo, you will absolutely like Inside."
76561197966105913,Recommended,304430,24212947,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Revixy,"Is this game worth the prize? Absolutely.Does it make sense the actual story? No, but that's not the point.Check out the game below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFXxaIwRzjg&index=1&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHz24HGELvHIg4AsNu_y7Ko7"
76561197981858254,Recommended,304430,24212963,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stjernekriger,"Hands down, it is the best game i have EVER! played..........Even tho the game takes rougfly takes 5 hours to complete (with the alternate ending), it is by far the best game.The atmosphere in the game is mind blowing, the gameplay is addictive, even tho you never wield a ""gun"".I wil highy recommend this game to everyone who owns a desktop PC."
76561198068219094,Recommended,304430,24213142,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Z-Boka,"This game is a masterpiece worth every penny! Its beautifully crafted story, gameplay and visuals will engross you to the point that you will not be able to stop playing until the end; and even then you will feel the need to play it again to explore all of the nooks and crannies you may have missed the first time through this highly detailed world. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,24196381,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Altares,Masterful game!
76561198057672156,Recommended,304430,24213329,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Adachi,"PLAY IT. No amount of describing can justify a game such as INSIDE. Playdead really out did themselves here and somehow made a much darker, much more opressive, and at times horrifying game than Limbo. The game's overall gameplay is much like LIMBO's. However, the puzzles feel more intuitive and interesting then they were in Limbo. The graphics are great. They match that dark tone the game is aiming for. These graphics are backed with even better sound design. From the boy's breathing, the music ques, and the sounds in the world, Playdead REALLY paid close attention to making this game sound as forboding as it plays and looks. I am still trying to make heads or tails of the game's ending, but I liked it for what it is. It leaves you something to think about for a while and try to make sense of it which isnt a bad thing for a game like this.  I will say that if you did not like LIMBO, you are not going to like INSIDE. However, if you did enjoy LIMBO, you are going to absolutely love this game from beginning to end; I know I did.FINAL VERDICT: 10/10BEST ASPECT: THE GRAPHICS/SOUND DESIGNWORST ASPECT: UHHHHHHHHH..."
,Recommended,304430,24213378,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KhenU,"The second game besides ""Journey"" I would recommend to people who never played any game in their live. It´s perfectly designed experience in a disturbing, but beautiful world."
,Recommended,304430,24191911,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BoAli360,لعبة رووووعة
,Recommended,304430,24191927,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dan,Short but sweet. Definitely worth the buy!
76561198136473410,Recommended,304430,24191931,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,sergi.gonzalez,Everybody who loves videogames should play this masterpiece.
76561198044854088,Recommended,304430,24191943,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,5th,Fantastic little Gem from the Developers of LIMBO.It's not very long but really unique and sometimes quite disturbing.In my Opinion it's worth the price.
76561197960349607,Recommended,304430,24219397,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DarkMortainius,"If you liked LIMBO, you'll like this game. It's even more twisted, and the ending is extremely weird."
76561197993243827,Recommended,304430,24219498,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Shosuro,This game took some unexpected turns. Started creepy and from there it went...places.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,304430,24219729,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,UAT Unk,"Just recently played Limbo through its entirety with my niece and man, Limbo is such a good game with an awesome atmosphere surrounding it, if you still didn't play it, you are wastng your time, go play it now!!!Why am I writing about Limbo in this review? Well, Inside has everything that made Limbo memorable + it expands on everything, what a game!!!!PLAY IT NOW!!!!!"
76561197975167907,Recommended,304430,24219767,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ommis,"Oh my god. This is one of the best games I've played. A real brainteaser. Every puzzle is unique, but not too challenging and the game just evolves and evolves till the very end. Absolute must-play"
,Recommended,304430,24219847,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,noel,"This game is stunning. Beautiful graphics, animation and atmosphere. Also a very interesting story. If you loved LIMBO then this is worth every penny."
,Recommended,304430,24220037,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,aeclasik,Worth it if you love atmosphere and simple puzzles. Would buy again.
76561198004959572,Recommended,304430,24218696,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Volteer86,"INSIDE (much like the game LIMBO) is a dark and sinister platformer that utilizes physics-based puzzles and tells its abstract story through the environment. The basic controls, carefully hand-crafted levels and stylized art style are living proof that a simple game can still be easily as enjoyable as any big-budget title.You start the game as a young boy that appears to be on the run from militants, who won’t hesitate to ruthlessly end your life if they catch you. The game contains an overall theme of oppression, seemingly inflicted by hidden corporate agenda. Your goal is to somehow find the purpose that drives the sinister machine that holds the lower-class population captive.The animation of the various characters and how they interact with each other and the world around them is almost flawless. The sound design is even better! It’s startling how effectively the sense of fear and desperation is portrayed from the player character’s body language alone.During my first play through of INSIDE, I was truly shocked to see some of the many gruesome ways that you could be undone. Some of the puzzles have pretty clear answers, others took a moment of observation in order to identify the intended solution. More than once, I was stumped and unsure of how to overcome certain challenges on the main story path. I expect smarter players would have less difficulty.Much like LIMBO, there are secrets lightly scattered throughout the game in the form of breakable “lamps”, which offers a small degree of replayability. The achievements associated with them all contain clues in their descriptions to how to find them, and are listed in chronological order of appearance within the game. It’s not too hard to find the general area where they’re located, but actually reaching the lamps requires some careful searching. There is also a hidden “ending”, which is only accessible after unlocking all the achievements, but finding it without a guide is only a couple of notches shy of Hideo Kojima levels of challenging: You don’t have to think like an “Augmented Reality” gamer to find it, but knowing where to go and remaining tirelessly observant is half the battle.If you liked LIMBO, you’ll like INSIDE. Its brilliant simplicity belies a level of depth that many developers still fail to deliver. You’ll be daunted, surprised and on the edge of your seat from beginning to end, and left with as many questions as you found answers, any of which could further colour the interpretation of the game’s message. It’s an abstract masterpiece and I highly recommend it to all mature audiences (so long as they don’t have a morbid fear of attack dogs).For Twitch streamers and YouTube gamers, this title is one that absolutely must be played without a walkthrough. For everyone else, buy it and play it for yourselves first! It’s worth the price of admission for an unspoiled, immersive experience."
,Recommended,304430,24218818,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Keyserchief,Your $20 gets you 3 hours of play time and 30 hours of ♥♥♥♥ed-up dreams. 10/10.
76561198099866171,Recommended,304430,24218882,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,evolvic1,"Stunning, creepy, surprising, gorgeous, short.Loads of fun, great gameplay elements."
,Recommended,304430,26858362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fqpl,didnt think they can top LIMBO. They did! this game is art!!
,Recommended,304430,26815628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sam Fisher,INSIDE !
,Recommended,304430,26847225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Griffonzo,"One of the few games that manages to outdo its spiritual predecessor, INSIDE does everything LIMBO did right and more. Its brooding atmosphere immediately draws you in, adding more spectacles and mystery with every bit of progress. The puzzles feel natural and enticing, often leaving you at the edge of your seat to barely survive whirlwinds of hostile attacks. Music in the game is organically mechanical, a score that adds just the right amount of ambiance to grasp the enormity of the world. And its art direction never falls flat, displaying beautiful compositions and lighting no matter where the player rests. Everything is thought out within the game, including a climax that completely floored me.Click that buy button."
,Recommended,304430,26879962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,poopooplatter,👍
,Recommended,304430,26610191,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,modest cat,"Creepy, mysterious, and beautiful storytelling along with challenging puzzles."
,Recommended,304430,26610630,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SpyderCanopus,"Unlike Limbo, this game is interesting and the puzzles are fun.  It's pretty short so I'd wait until it's on sale, but I will probably play through it once or twice more.  The ending is really cool."
,Recommended,304430,26622399,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,gazconroyster,"Mesmerising, beautiful. An almost perfect marriage of gameplay, sound and vision. It is fairly short but felt like it was the proper length for the curiously grim, yet optimistic dreamscape. This unique experience will linger in your mind for a long time afterwards. Everyone should play this. You will not be disappointed."
76561198118629966,Recommended,304430,26639222,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,IceBoxCake,"Absolutely fantastic, game! If you liked LIMBO (as I did), you'll love this one. Wow, what an amazing ending. The style, atmosphere, and sound are incredible. I definitely would continue to purchace games from Playdead. Something about this type of design just draws you in."
76561198012272736,Recommended,304430,26677234,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,BeersForFears,This game is wonderfully strange.
,Recommended,304430,26675812,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stat,"Even though there is no text or speech, the atmosphere tells the whole story. Solid platformer."
,Recommended,304430,26652740,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Samersam,"Nice, atmospheric and interesting to play game as a plus, but you will need to read story explanation after complete the game as a minus."
76561198021837860,Recommended,304430,26668571,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mostly harmless,"Amazing animation, sound design, imagination, and mood."
76561198343903967,Recommended,304430,26679454,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SNES85,It's amazig and totally worth the price of admission... the climax is unreal.
,Recommended,304430,26606391,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,cosmogony,your enemies are cruel and some parts are really intense so I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,304430,26619384,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ｌｅｅｖｉ,Amazing!
,Recommended,304430,26626651,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Just KaoS,"I was repeatedly and consistently surprised and in awe of just how amazing this game was from start to finish. I played for free on a friends machine, and had to purchase it myself just because Playdead really deserves my money."
,Recommended,304430,26630901,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Pertel,"One of the best games I've played in recent times.  It's so simplistic, and yet it makes you wanna paly more and more !  Loved every second of it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-SE0XnQKlk&index=8&list=PL-pfqbKB2d1tiY2g3ZUc2UhoSkLF_Oh6L"
,Recommended,304430,26626110,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SMURPHY,"INSIDE is an awesome game. I love it because there aren't any instructions, you have to work it out yourself, the graphics are amazing, and it makes you think. I hope it comes out on the App Store coz that would BEAST.Everyone should play this game."
,Recommended,304430,26623262,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dr.✪,This game got that feeling that you want to know everything in it.Great game I hope devolerpers will brings us more.Seriously a must to buy game.
76561198159554448,Recommended,304430,26549614,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,imperialgourd,"More like an experience than a game, this one is full of subtlety and emotion."
76561198070627260,Recommended,304430,27802439,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AsymMEtry,Shadow in the mind.
76561197994487261,Recommended,304430,27842976,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AdiS,Mpphhh arrrr auuuu mphhhhh aaaaaaaaa mphhhh murthuhmphumphgrthlmurph murthlgrmph Mrmph mmmrpph mmmrrrmph...........................................THE END!
,Recommended,304430,27892277,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Galuin,"First of all ... this game is a diamond. I also liked Limbo a lot, butINSIDEchanged the game...IntroductionThe Game is a two dimensional platformer and the main task is to solve puzzles which are seperatet into rooms, but the borders arent clear, because it's a story based game.Technical DetailsThe Graphics in this Game areawesome. The controls are so basic and yet so good and easy to get used to. You basically need direction keys and one interaction key.Every PC and even some LapTops should be able to run this pretty good, but I tried it out on my potato LapTop and I had to lower some settings, but after that it ran fine.I should add that you are able to play this one with a XBox™  - Controller and its more fun cause you can lean back and enjoy the game's Story and everything around it.ArtstyleIt's awesome. Deal with it.StoryIm not going to spoiler you, but the story is so interesting and weird. I advice you to try and find every secret and every bit of information about the story, it's worth it.ConclusionI really enjoyed the playthrough and I recommend it so much to you! Buy it and you wont regred it, even though it's ""short"". It's worth every Penny you spend on it."
,Recommended,304430,27892548,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RainbowGamer,A beautiful game with amazing animations and a great soundtrack. Definitely recommend it!
76561197963462318,Recommended,304430,27894540,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mr.jingles,"Awesome game, amazing attention to detail, great sound design and puzzle design. Through and through one of the best games I've ever played and I'm not even a fan of platformers generally. There's not much more that needs to be said, buy it."
,Recommended,304430,27767595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DFragmentor,Get this game today. It is a masterpiece!
,Recommended,304430,27767666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Devocracy,Short but sweet! An excellent game with beautiful visuals and a soundtrack that's very immersive. I would highly recommend this game who are looking for a unique experience!
,Recommended,304430,27765174,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skullker,just finished the game
,Recommended,304430,27889588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PooFinger,One of the most beutiful and ♥♥♥♥ed up games I've ever played. A worthy sequel to LIMBO
76561198025014516,Recommended,304430,27887419,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EpicIceMan,Truly a masterpiece as the world PlayDead has created sucks you in through their artistic mastery of creating an atmospheric world where you never know what to expect next.  With earch new level and puzzel you can feel the character drowning in paranoia and fear as he delves deeper seeking answers like the player to what is going on in this messed up world he inhabits.
,Recommended,304430,27888191,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DrKeo,Inside might be one of the best games I've ever played. Playdead can somehow create the most atmospheric worlds that suck you in and play on your heart strings.
,Recommended,304430,27881698,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ulysses S. Blunt,"Spooky, beautiful, unsettling, amazing, incredible, and fun. What an amazing game."
,Recommended,304430,27640749,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spudtatoe,I sat staring at my screen pondering life things when i finished. 6/5
,Recommended,304430,24697407,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,VeMeLoN,What a fantastic game! The end made me cry! 10/10 This game needs to win a Steam Award!
76561198175613759,Recommended,304430,28029882,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,◔◡♥ コリーン ♥,"A masterpiece in animation. Gripped me from start to finish. It's not a long game, but it is worth every penny. You won't be dissapointed. I played this over Thanksgiving and had the whole family in town clamoring to see what was around the next corner. Treat yourself and pick this one up. Can't wait to see what this developer comes up with next!"
76561198067345870,Recommended,304430,30967418,Posted: 5 April,all,Kingsley,"10/10A game with just enough shreds of a story to remain linear, leaving the rest up to the player to decide. This game shows that a big, complicated story doen't always need to exist. I found this game to be very beautiful and creative in design, in both its artwork as well as level design. The seamless world is filled with unique and interesting little puzzles, sometimes literally turning expectations upside-down. All of this, combined with the game's grotesque background, create a wonderful experience that I very thoroughly enjoyed.Having experienced LIMBO and now INSIDE, I am very excited to see what these developers produce next."
,Recommended,304430,30955214,Posted: 4 April,all,Callie,"I had a great time with this game, the platforming is tight and the puzzles are fun and challenging!I recommend getting this on sale though, 20 bucks is alot for four hours of gameplay."
76561198012987652,Recommended,304430,28026160,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ynanlin,"Inside is a atmospheric and enjoyable game to play. It started with a lonely boy being hunted for some mysterius reasons. Although I haven't finished the game, but I like the puzzles well enough-- highly recommended."
76561198062186934,Recommended,304430,28026419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DrawsPastTense,"A masterpiece in animation.  Gripped me from start to finish.  It's not a long game, but it is worth every penny.  You won't be dissapointed.  I played this over Thanksgiving and had the whole family in town clamoring to see what was around the next corner. Treat yourself and pick this one up.  Can't wait to see what this developer comes up with next!"
,Recommended,304430,28027376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CMX,"Spiritual successor to Limbo, and they are now two of my fav games I have ever played. Great stuff."
76561197972638345,Recommended,304430,24377250,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hosidax,"I still have no idea what drove this little boy to do what he did, but I can't stop thinking about it days after I've finished the game.Don't let the fact that you can play it in 4-6 hours bother you.   It's still very worthwhile."
,Recommended,304430,24377466,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NRG,"If you loved Limbo you'll love this.The Bad:No ultrawide support. I hope this is added later, but it probably won't considering how much of the game is probably very specifically designed to show a certain amount on your screen.The game--for the most part--doestell youwhatis happening. But, what I think is frustrating a lot of players is the game doesn't really answerwhythe events are taking place. You will definitely start and finish with unaswered questions. There is a lot left open to interpretation. There's good theories to read on the internet, of course.It is indeed a bit short. Finished in a little over 4 hours. Your duration will depend on how much time you spend taking in the sights or getting stuck in some of the harder puzzles. Whether it's worth the money will really depend on the individual.Some of the puzzles are repeated, but there is new ones being introduced throughout the entire jouney.The Good:The visuals, sound, and style are all stellar. Truly a step up from Limbo in all aspects of production. Moving from sprites in Limbo to an entirely 3D world complimented with proper use of post-processing, the game has fantastic visual depth. The attention to ambient noise and louder noises causing tension is very well executed. Sound gets far too little love in most games. A nice pair of headphones is recommended.The progression of the levels are perfect. Starting in the countryside, you work your way towards an increasingly industrial and cold environment. If you could step back and see the whole thing, I'm sure it'd look pretty awesome.It's fun. It held my interest throughout and I got really sucked in. It's an experience for sure. It's really that simple without spoiling anything."
,Recommended,304430,24377614,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Glymph,If you liked Limbo this is definitely the game for you.Thrown right into the game without any information.Super movielike game with an amazing environment.
76561197969752219,Recommended,304430,24377747,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Choogster,Mindblowing. A simple to describe this work of art. Buy it now.
76561198069911745,Recommended,304430,24377839,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Baranocte,"THIS. GAME.There's so much stuff that I want to say about it that I don't know where to start. Beautifully crafted and cinematic. Subtle details in the foreground and background create an environment that draws you in from the start and wouldn't let go for the entire 2-3 hour experience.Gameplay wise it is very similar to LIMBO, environmental platforming and puzzles, it may take several tries to figure out the ""trick"" of a particular segment.The story (if you can call it that) is really the big selling point of this game. You will be flooded with questions about the world and your place in it. I must have went through a dozen different possible explainations and scenarios before the game decided to throw the most bizarre twist. All I can say is, what you're expecting is not going to be what you get.So if you like analysing and dissecting ambiguous and very thoughtful plots, you'll definitely enjoy this experience.Overall, a very atmospheric, intense, thought-provoking experience, that will follow you long after the game is done."
,Recommended,304430,24381024,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mega Maniac,"Just incredibly good, every last bit of it just fits together perfectly.The puzzles are all fairly easy to get through which is a good thing for me as I dont like getting stuck with games like this. The flow of the game is just great and the physics in the end game are so enjoyable.Well worth the price of admission."
76561198068961948,Recommended,304430,24381293,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mafia bamboozler,Why did the mermaid decide not to kill me only after the 20938209320 times i diedstill 10/10 game tho
,Recommended,304430,24215449,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Hau5test,"Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db_SvMzLtrUTextPlaydead did it again.After Limbo I thought I will never see such an amazing game with puzzle and reflex challenges again while keeping a destinct artstyle and atmosphere that I will call other games limbo-llike.Inside is like Limbo times 100A truely masterpiece in itself.If you liked Limbo, you'll love Inside.If you thought Limbo was a typical indie-darling from the critics, well avoid this title too.Alright? Alright."
76561198103179122,Recommended,304430,24378224,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,gsus.rufer,Very good game
,Recommended,304430,24382322,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Sparky,100%'d this game recently and it's fantastic. Make sure to get the alternative ending by collecting all the collectables as there only 14 of which and makes for an interesting second play through and the ending is worth it.
76561197970327378,Recommended,304430,24379360,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,hovering crocodile,Art of game develompent as It is.
76561198055310688,Recommended,304430,24379640,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,deadendcrusin,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,304430,24379848,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Burnzynski,"I wouldn't say that this game improves upon LIMBO so much as it further explores its mechanics in creative and challenging ways. Definitely for those who play games for the atmosphere and/or enjoy surrealism.Bravo, devs."
,Recommended,304430,24382406,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NeCornilius,Super weird. Super pretty. Insane animations.
76561198033310640,Recommended,304430,24382614,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,stack,"Great game. Good atmosphere. You have to solve ""puzzles"" to progress.Need some logic thinking here and there.Extremely addictive, Makes you want to play it until the endin a single session, until you notice that it is already early in the morning...and you should go to work...Very, very good side scroller."
76561198046169390,Recommended,304430,24382872,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ZerXceS,"It will be hard to NOT spoil this but give a good review... but I must NOT spoil anything because there are many twists and turns that will have you enjoying the hell out of yourself!  This is the sequal to limbo.  It is it's own thing, but we have to face facts here.  The colors and 3D elements make it so much more though.  There are tricky puzzles that you need to be decently smart to figure out, but nothing as hard as late game portal 2 or anything like that.  I got it without cheating, but there were a handfull of edge-of-your-seat moments.  The environment and sound are king here.  Moody, engrossing, I damn near lost myself in many areas.  I thought the ending was something not everyone would necessarily be into.  But after thinking about the game as a whole, now I am thinking that the game is a metaphor for our lives, ""the machine"", our modern existance seen through some kind of dystopian lens.  It took like 4 hours but the game felt like it had some meat to it.  A ton of sci-fi tinged content and weird menacing situations.  A damn fine game by a team worthy of some praise!  I would highly recommend, this may be the most fun I have had for $20 in a long long time.  I hope this team does nothing but expand on this and keep rolling!  And damn you guys for the ingenious and devious teases you did in a few parts!  As the player you wanted to see what was going on so damn bad.  You evil scientist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!  Love you, thanks so much."
76561198131482698,Recommended,304430,24380323,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MrGophuckyerself,"Great game, it's just to bad that it is so short."
76561198128756985,Recommended,304430,24380329,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,r98farmer,"Really enjoyed this game, side scroller is usually not my thing but this game makes it fun. Great atmosphere and some really good puzzles. Play it you will like it."
76561198049125708,Recommended,304430,24464706,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,bobposey,"One of the best games I've played... an excellent successor to Limbo.  It's a dark game, both visually, and conceptiually.  Some of the game came across as a bit too simple, and there is a noticable lack of distractions (if there's a movable box in the room, then you know you'll need the box to solve it), but I found the game satisfying to play and solve, and loved every minute of it.  Highly highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24485356,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,crimsonneko,"The most disturbing and bizarre game I've ever played and I loved every minute of it. The thought-provoking story, amazing atmosphere and top-notch sound design make INSIDE an extraordinary and unforgettable experience that is worth the money and an absolute must-play."
,Recommended,304430,24486998,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,XenoMaiden,9.5 out of 10....my only issue being that I wanted this game to be longer. Don't get me wrong it was long enough but I NEED MORE!!!Became a creepy potato blob monster.......would play again.
,Recommended,304430,24503325,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ryan Ross,"Insanely good. Haven't played a game that hooked me like this since I was a kid. Don't watch videos of it, read about it, etc. The less you know about the game the better. Experience it. Best £15 you'll spend."
,Recommended,304430,24503328,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Simulacrat,"A spectacularly eerie and enjoyable little platform-puzzler. Looks and plays gorgeously, and with a macabre sense of humour to boot."
,Recommended,304430,24503873,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,AlexWrench,"One of the great cinematic platformers, following in the footsteps of Another World and Heart of Darkness. With context-sensitive actions, procedural animation, a staggering number of unique setpieces, and a surprising amount of subtlety, Inside outdoes Limbo in pretty much every way."
76561198317810082,Recommended,304430,24504013,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,daemonic,"Eerily beautiful, seamless, and atmospheric. I was hooked from the very start."
,Recommended,304430,24504296,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Smithel,"Don't want to say too much and ruin it, but this is a great game.  Takes abotu 3 horus to complete without getting every secret, but that isn't a bad thing.  100% give it a try, especially if you ever see it on sale."
76561198035465707,Recommended,304430,24502346,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,✪Traffic,"If you like atmospheric games and 2D puzzle platformers, I highly recommend this game.  Amazing art style, and the puzzle are satifsying to solve."
,Recommended,304430,24502891,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheTone79,"Fabulous, start to finish a breath of fresh air for gaming. Something unique and challenging that actually holds your attention. Great work from the developers for creating something so beautiful in a haunting style. Well worth the money for great entertainment. Thoroughly enjoyed and cant wait for their next creation."
76561198250961234,Recommended,304430,24274006,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,soulslayer,"amazing 3d game with a 2d mechanic, the story depender on how the gamer interprets it. i recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,304430,24274129,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,esyvin,"I decided to buy this game after I watched the demo and trailer. I like the the dark, mysterious and exciting atmosphere, and the game meets my expectation. It makes me think of a famous post-apocalyptic sci-fi short story called ""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"". It would be much better if it has more elements of horror. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,304430,24269252,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,LuLu,"""Wow, just wow... Beautiful and amazing. I'm hungry for more but what Playdead gave me is all I really need, I just need to digest the story better. The night you finish the game for the first time, go to bed with your thoughts lingering about what your brain just consumed, and think about how you can understand it. Mine tanker i stykker!"" 10/10 - Zuceleus (Also have my initial thoughts of the game on my YouTube channel)"
,Recommended,304430,24272586,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nativ_DoctorLya,I will never look meatballs the same way I did before... 10/10
76561198003864521,Recommended,304430,24271389,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Myster X,This game is art. Just play it.
76561198049769400,Recommended,304430,24271343,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ravioly,"""WORTH EVERY SECOND."""
76561198017733662,Recommended,304430,24269786,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr.Fox,"Hands down. This game sucked me right in. I felt the rush, the disgust, the constant questioning of "" what is going on ? "" and slowly i got to find the truth and i was amazed by the details of the plotline and the small hints.. this ladies and gentleman is a ducktastic game of massive proportions.I screamed and got my blood pumpin and special points and oh my god.. this game is detailed to the last.I reccomend this game if you are to great and funny puzzles to solve, action/horror, and to immersive yourself in this world.An amazing piece of gaming art that sucks you right in to its dark and yet interesting world."
76561198022381480,Recommended,304430,24275678,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Darkwarrior,"This Game Is Pure Perfection.I Loved Every Aspekt Of It.I will show this to everyone i can such a piece of art can´t be missed!6 Years ago i fell in love with Limbo.6 Years Later i fell in Love with Inside.Everyone Enjoy. It makes you think "" What the hell are all the other developers doing"""" This is how you make a game"" !"
,Recommended,304430,24326465,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,I T,"Why play outside, when you can play Inside?"
,Recommended,304430,24327664,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tobias Fünke,"Is it as good as Limbo?  No, I didn't think so.  The main problem I had with Inside was that the puzzles just weren't all that difficult.  In a game as short as this one, that's kind of an issue.  There were only two or three puzzles that took more than a few moments of consideration, and the game also lacks the skill-based platforming that made me love Limbo so much.  Limbo had some truly tough platforming segments that took quite a few tries to get through.  It never felt unfair, but your timing had to be impeccable.  That's not really the case in Inside, which doesn't have much in the way in difficult platforming either.Those are my two main complaints with the game.  Outside of a couple puzzles, it just lacked the relative difficulty of Limbo.  Limbo wasn't an incredibly tough game by any means, but Inside makes it look like Dark Souls by comparison.  The only difficult part of Inside is finding the thirteen or so secrets, although once you know what to look for they aren't bad.Inside does have its perks, though.  The game is absolutely gorgeous, and has a much better sense of scope than Limbo ever did.  It's also rock solid technically.  There wasn't a single hiccup to be found in the four-plus hours I played.  The world of Inside is wonderful as well, even if the game doesn't delve nearly deep enough into what is actually happening.  The story itself is left mostly up to interpretation.  I don't necessarily hate that, but a bit more clarity would have been nice.  Then again, Limbo lacked that as well.  The physics and animations are great as well.So would I recommend Inside?  Yes, I would.  However, I'd recommend you wait until it's on sale.  Twenty bucks for a three hour game is just too steep for me to give an outright ""buy it"" recommendation to.  Ten bucks would have felt perfect.  Fifteen I could have worked with.  Twenty is just too much.  For all the beauty of the game and the unique setting, there's just not enough meat on those bones and there's little to no replay value outside of finding the secrets.My suggestion is to wait for the next Steam sale and pick this up for 25-50% off.  It's a fun, solid game, but overpriced."
76561198311439059,Recommended,304430,24328032,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,HyLite,This game is really good. It is one of the most best Indie Games out there. Good graphics. Good controls. The game takes a fair ammount of time and it has good puzzles. After the game ends it makes you think about what happened with the story and make you try to answer the questions with your imagination for hours with no end.
76561198066350570,Recommended,304430,24328161,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,s3RTH,I had to pull a worm out a starved pigs♥♥♥♥♥ push it to one area so I can climb on it and attach myself to a mind control unit and control mindless humans to open a gate and that was only the first level.
76561197984075368,Recommended,304430,24399125,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Wandering Jew,"Within the first 5 mins of the game I said to myself ""Oh, This game is cool!""  The Music perfectly set the tone.  Saying too much would be detriment to the game."
,Recommended,304430,24402271,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Croc49,This is a great game
,Recommended,304430,24399543,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Linguni,Short but very well polished.
,Recommended,304430,24389892,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineINSIDE is created by the same people known as Playdead Games, who were previously known for LIMBO. INSIDE is the same as LIMBO which is a puzzle platformer and thankfully it isn't a very hard puzzle platformer but it certainly ain't easyLIMBO is known for its monochrome art sytle and I have to say it makes the game really pretty even though it's all black and white apart from some butterflies and the sun rays, INSIDE takes the completely different route giving us colour with a hint of grey. The colour scheme chosen for INSIDE made me think of a dystopian futureThe music and sound effects make this game the most atmospheric and believable game I've played in a while, it fits so perfectly with what the game is trying to place in front of you. There are many disturbing and unsettling things such as dismemberment, bodies being flung from side to side, dead animals and a thingy... not going to spoil itThere is a sort of story but isn't told to you through cutscenes or anything just you wandering through a deep dense forest then making your way into old and abandoned industrial buildings. You play a boy... that's it a boy and you have to venture through the game without trying to get yourself killedAs mentioned previously, the game isn't completely hard but it ain't easy either, you will die a fair amount. But LIMBO is more like a trail and error game, you do it once, you die. No problem! Try it again but this time with a different approach. The game also has a very incredibly fair checkpoint systemINSIDE is certainly much more disturbing and unsettling than LIMBO, although the game was ridiculously short, clocking in at only 2 to 3 hours, INSIDE still was an enjoyable game to play and I cannot wait to see what Playdead Games does next!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198048116323,Recommended,304430,24390767,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,watermelon_1234,Mind-blowing and amazing atmosphere. The most terrible thing you could do to yourself in this game is watch other people play it instead of playing it yourself.
,Recommended,304430,24393940,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,YeoRi,disturbing. 10/10
76561198289217025,Recommended,304430,24393986,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,scottcarney83,"A well put togther game. Fluid, good mechanics, good puzzles and a weird ending. what more could you want?!"
,Recommended,304430,24394147,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,srdaniel,"So much fun, especially the last 30 minutes or so...highly recommend."
,Recommended,304430,24395101,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Pedro,Unique and captivating.
76561197974473442,Recommended,304430,24187214,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Simply Barbra,Interesting but short game. The artwork fit the theme and the puzzles were pretty simple but the main attraction for me was the overall weirdness and wondering what the back story was. You never really find out and the ending seems a little disappointing for someone who likes definite answers lol. It left me wanting more which I guess is a good sign in some sense. I really would like to see a more fleshed out story in a first person perspective ala Half Life -- that would be awesome! There's some really good dystopian ideas here that would be even better explored in more detail.
,Recommended,304430,24397843,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Coca Peps,Amazing.
,Recommended,304430,24431908,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Rebs,Gunes girmeyen eve doktor girer.
,Recommended,304430,24434589,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Owlbear,A game i play to seperate myself from something more fast paced. This game is very interesting. I REALLY enjoyed it. Definitaly got quite the experience.
76561197961312276,Recommended,304430,24431525,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Generic Joe,"A dark, warped atmosphere mixed with brain-tangling but rewarding puzzles.An excellent puzzle platformer."
,Recommended,304430,24739875,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Jn-toFRZjY
76561198297036394,Recommended,304430,24713453,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Spruce,"AtmosphereThat is what I would use if I had to describe the game with a single word.For me there has never been a game that has set the atmosphere better than this game did.There were so many sort of jaw dropping moments, and not just out of some grand plot reveal,but out of the level/sound design, art direction, the scenes the developers have created for us. There is such an amazing feeling of depth, space, scale.. I cant even explain it properly.The sound design is absolutely incredible, the lighting and colors used set the mood well, the levels are mysterious and dark, some of them actually feel like they are from my childhood nightmares, something so eerily nostalgic about some of them, all of these things really immersed me into the game.The level design is clever, and it puts you in nightmare like situations that are actually truly horrifying and kind of rare to see in horror games these days, the game makes you feeluncomfortable a lot, and that is great. No jumpscares or over emphasis on gore to be found here as far as I'm concerned, horror done the way I love it.The puzzles I wont get into as I am horrible at puzzle solving, but I didnt have any extremely difficult puzzles where I could not go forward in the game without looking at a guide.The story was not too easy to understand for me, I have read many theories on the story, but I guess its up for interpretation of the player in the end.There are some hidden things in this game and apparently a hidden ending, so those might shed some more light on the story.Around 4 hours of length like others have said, and that includes me getting stuck 2-3 times in puzzles for at least 30 minutes total.So its not a long game, but it feels like the right length for a game like this.Expect a lot of platforming and puzzle solving, some stealth gameplay and horror, but its not strictly a horror game in my opinion.If you liked Limbo, please give this one a try if you have the chance.I dont even like puzzle games that much, but for this game I was more than willing to make an exception when I saw the first few minutes of the game, the setting was captivating.This is an absolutely amazingly crafted game, a real work of art...I am so grateful to have experienced this in my life, and it was definitely worth the price.If you want to learn more about atmosphere and immersing players in video games, please do try this game.. It might get you on the right track. If there is ever a Half Life 3, I hope Valve takes notes from this game.Well thats just my thoughts on this, for what its worth."
76561198252855186,Recommended,304430,24716531,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ThatGuyDave,"Very intersting and creepy the whole way through, with interseting but fairly easy puzzles and some great atmospheric horror. I thoroughly enjoyed this strange experience the entier time playing it."
,Recommended,304430,24716107,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Khos,"Amazing game! Made with Unity too. Just wow, recommend this to anyone. Every corner has puzzles, visuals are great."
,Recommended,304430,24716157,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,uc2612,Absolutely fantastic adventure experience!
76561198047135704,Recommended,304430,24490376,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BurnerReborn,I would like to start off by saying I thought this game was simply amazing and I recomend for everyone to try it atleast once. That being said I wish it was longer. This game was so good I decided to record a let's play on it you can check that out here:https://youtu.be/9-trstC83hsStrongly recomend this game!
76561198046332595,Recommended,304430,24493131,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Professor Why,Don't buy for 20$This game is gorgeous in every tiny facet of the world. It however is a 4 hour experience that even if you'd love to engage with long after you have left the game is paper thin in terms of the game play. I want to recommend this game and not feel like have become jaded but I truly can't say this game is worth 20$ for the average gamer. that said if you 20$ is a small or sum or the limbo and that type of genre does something know that this game wont disappoint.The world and themes and design are true marvels but the the rest is too empty.
76561198024989988,Recommended,304430,24493281,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Piper,"Do you have $20 and a few hours? You could use that to watch a stupid film, or you could play this. Play this."
76561197994484829,Recommended,304430,24489527,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,moose2006,Visually and aurally stunning. A dense experience well worth the $20 to support these amazingly creative developers.
,Recommended,304430,24481449,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Josh,"I've never played a game like this before. It was disturbing (especially towards the end), but the graphics were awesome, the gameplay was difficult (at times) and the mystery of it all was fascinating. There's no narration at all, no text at all, you just open the game and start walking. The submarine part was really fun. I don't even know what to say about this game. Just get it, or at least watch TheRadBrad play it on YouTube. Definitely worth the playing."
76561198080495828,Recommended,304430,24480809,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,thomsimonson,"90% Awesome:  I had brief but rewarding love affair with LIMBO so I was really looking forward to a new title from Playdead, and they didn’t not disappoint me (mostly).  INSIDE is a master class in atmospheric story telling.  The environments are amazingly crafted.  However, the transition that happens to the player character in the last 10% of the game so drastically changed my experience of the gameplay that it felt like a bit of a betrayal.  Perhaps the subtext of this was just beyond me, it soured my experience of the game as a whole.  I played LIMBO a few times because I loved the environment.  Not so much for INSIDE.  I’m glad I played it and certainly recommend it, but I won’t be going back for more."
,Recommended,304430,24480935,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dinche,"Insideis the next game from the studio that made 2010'sLimbo, and you can definitely tell. The team built offLimboin a few ways: the game again stars a kid in a scary, atmospheric world, and the platforming and puzzle mechanics are similar. Inside is twice as long as is predecessor, and has a little more of a tangible narrative. While the story is not concrete or straightforward, there's more to chew on, with recurring themes and concepts appearing throughout. It's also worth noting that weird games are often rough around the edges, butInsideis one of the more polished and smooth-running games I've played this year.As withLimbo, I don't thinkInsideis revolutionary, but its style and execution are excellent. Check it out if a strange atmospheric puzzle-platformer sounds like fun."
76561198066557137,Recommended,304430,24481203,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Coffski,"A densely atmospheric platformer with enviroments that takes you through the experiences of feeling hunted, isolated and alone..."
,Recommended,304430,24475712,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,XmattbeeX,"Some crazy moments. I enjoyed limbo, and this does feel very similar. Wouldn't say it's worth £15, it took under 4 hours to complete. But get it in a sale for sure."
,Recommended,304430,24475759,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Solus,"Outstanding game. It's a great blend of tense adventure gameplay, beautiful design, and a thought-provoking narrative. If you're someone who likes to think and theorize while playing a game, you'll love Inside."
,Recommended,304430,24477837,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Oskulock,"Great game, it's basically Limbo 2 in terms of gameplay and aesthetics.Only downside is that the game is literally just about 2-3 hours long. My total playtime is from playing the game through in one sitting from beginning to end.Definitely get this one from a sale."
,Recommended,304430,24478660,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ты девчина хороша,kleva
,Recommended,304430,24480650,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,the jews did 7/11,Deep and creepy. Will leave you wondering for a while.  The sounds are haunting.
76561198015419173,Recommended,304430,24612989,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,NEVER EVER,The horrifying socialist dystopia shown in this game is enough to make anyone want to not vote for Hilary.
,Recommended,304430,24579935,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,PlySteAls #=_-#REKT :E,"GOTY 2016, 10/10, ooooooohohhhhh i feel chills......"
,Recommended,304430,24580162,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Pablo,"Absolutely gorgeous with many different puzzles. As a huge Portal fan, I recommend this game"
76561197970561757,Recommended,304430,24609953,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rafen,"Atmosphere and loose symbolism are the stars for Inside.If you're into the style and like figuring out platformer puzzles, it's worth playing.Some puzzles are fun to figure out, some are tedious. Though I enjoyed exploring the game, some of the later puzzles take place in large areas with lots of backtracking as you figure it all out; there were a couple times this marred some of the otherwise well constructed pacing. Though things felt a bit slow in later sections, it had a strong finish that made the journey worthwhile for me.I have the feeling LIMBO may have been a slightly tighter game in terms of puzzles and gameplay (memory is a bit hazy, haven't played it since it came out 6 years ago), but INSIDE is an impressive improvement in Playdead's ability to take the player on a journey. If you liked LIMBO, you'll enjoy INSIDE too."
,Recommended,304430,24626990,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Valyrian,"The creators of LIMBO have struck lightning once again. This game has a very similar feel to limbo, but stands out on its own. The puzzles are fairly easy and aren't too frustrating, but I'm sure that'll change later in the game. This, just like LIMBO, is a game about tone, feeling, and environment and is just a pure work of art and a joy to play."
76561198252277544,Recommended,304430,24646656,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Red_Rooster,"Okay, so currently not too many people have played this game seeing as it's not the usual Triple A contending title. However, from the first 20 minutes of this game I was already certain it was the kind of game that was going to show up on many top ten lists and YouTube videogame countdowns for just basically taking your breath away. It simply delivers more than you expect. Much more. I finished the game in two sittings only becuase of a FEEBLE attempt to savour it for as long as possible. You just want to keep playing...I wrote to PlayDead myself, praising their masterpeice since quite honestly it's better that most movies I have watched. If you're a Limbo fan, play it. If you're a beautifully crafted puzzle type, play it. If you're a deep, rich and creamy story type, play it. If you're a video game type, play it.A young boy running from undescribed terror, seemingly fresh from escape. Through a mix of buildings, deep water, industrial complexes and goverment looking test facilities you interact with a variety of objects in your environment to solve elegantly crafted puzzles that require both timing and skill in many instances.To complement the brain teasers is an underlaying yet highly engaging and enigmatic story that shapes the nature of your environment as you progress.Superb sound and physics are used to bring the stunning characters and objects to life.I struggle to write a full review because firstly, I would prefer as much left to be discovered as possible for new players and secondly, because I would have to list atleast one con. In the case of the latter I can only say that I wish it was longer.All in all, this is a highly enjoyable cinematic puzzle game. I do reccomend you play it."
,Recommended,304430,24647988,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Modest Machina,"It's a lot like Limbo, except the atmosphere is stronger, the visuals are more surreal, the world is more intriguing, and the ending is...Oh my god."
,Recommended,304430,24787259,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Natsume Yuri,it's a good game. but not that engaging compared with Limbo. Too short.
,Recommended,304430,24802692,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Irish88,Visuals are stunning. I originally planned to sit down and play for an hour but I was compelled to play the whole way through. Stunning visuals and the audio is fantastic. Thought provoking ending too. One of the best games I've ever played.  Had me hooked from the start. Recommend playing alone with a good pair of headphones.
76561197961702650,Recommended,304430,24805447,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ashes,"A short game.  About 3 hours long, but I enjoyed it very much.  I read somewhere that there are different ways to go if you decide to play it a second time.  Overall a great game, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,304430,24805886,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,maddiesmusic,This is definitely one of my favorite new games to come out in a long time. It's incredibly clever and I appreciate the environmental storytelling that creates a rich world while still letting you draw your own conclusions. Don't let anyone spoil this for you--just buy it!
,Recommended,304430,24806433,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,B-Man,Awesome game and immersive world
,Recommended,304430,24810540,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RealityRift,I definitely know what my next nightmares are inspired from.
,Recommended,304430,24793555,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Bahn,"An amazing journey.INSIDE launches you into a weird, fantastical world in which there are many questions, but unlike any other game I've played (excluding LIMBO) Playdead's games tend to let you, the player, answer the questions for yourself. The strange happenings are not resolved. You, the player, are left to use your own imagination to fill in the gaps; and this is when true gaming magic happens.Brilliant, absolutely brilliant."
47459624578962145,Recommended,304430,24796354,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,[A]way,"Here comes the long awaited successor of limbo. This time in 3D, even if you are still only able to move right and left. The ambiance is still really oscure and filthy but truly unique. The puzzles are well thought but a bit too easy in my opinion, it doesn't really matter in this kind of game. Also, It's really short, but again it doesn't really hurt the quality of the experience. I wouldn't recommend this game to everyone but if you liked Limbo, Inside is a must have.8.5/10 lost a few arms and legs."
76561198025490083,Recommended,304430,24824661,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dexx,"Absolutely amazingly polished game with an outstanding atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and enjoy 3-4 hours of quality interactive entertainment.If the starting price is too much for a few hours of gameplay, then grab it when it's on sale. You won't regret it."
76561197963453958,Recommended,304430,24753967,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,theChillestChing,"Wow. This game is appropriately challenging, deliciously dark, and sometimes grusome."
,Recommended,304430,24772643,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MattGarland,"INSIDE is absolutely phenomenal.There isn't a moment wasted in this game.  Every inch is perfectly and deliberately crafted to create an atmosphere which is mysterious and achingly beautiful.  Over and over, I was surprised and amazed at what I found next - the game keeps throwing bizarre twists and turns at you.  So many tiny and subtle details.The visuals and incredible music and sound work perfectly together and blew me away time after time.  I love the feeling of mystery and being dwarfed by the intimidating environments - scary but beautiful.The puzzles are satisfying but not frustrating, just enough to cause you to spend time and consider the environments.Play with headphones on and immerse yourself."
76561198097979299,Recommended,304430,24771048,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Curcible,Talk about a mind♥♥♥♥. Who controls who?
,Recommended,304430,24734789,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,VirgoGoGirl,"Thrilling, simplistic and utterly gut wrenching.Easily one of my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,304430,24727138,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ParaGrim,This is a unique wierd and interesting game. The atmosphere is wonderfully crafted and I can think of very few flaws.From beginning to end I was invested trying to figure out the story. Every puzzle is interesting and clever.I highly recommend this game
,Recommended,304430,24727319,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Man666,Absolutely recommended.
76561197970397570,Recommended,304430,24728227,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,pr1005,"Wow! Talk about ""leave them wanting more"" . . . Shame it's only 5 hours long because I wouldn't mind another 100 hours. (Please Playdead, make the next one huge . . . I want to throw my money at you and play for a lot longer).I'm still in shock how this game has got under my skin considering there isn't a word of dialog in the game, yet I was drawn into it's story.The Artwork is mind-boggling. The imagary, atmosphere and sound of this forboding, grim, unforgiving world was so beautifully dark it'll be ."
,Recommended,304430,24683578,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ethrin,"Though INSIDE is a short game, it is deinifltey a game with high polish and really makes you wonder about the world and the point that it was trying to get across. The puzzles were pretty simple (for me), but I enjoyed them nonetheless. I think that I got my $20 out of this game, but I can definitely see people getting put off by that price tag for a game that is only good for the single playthrough.The biggest thing about this game is theorizing about its world and sharing that experience with others after they completed the game.  It's fun going on the subreddit and reading different perspectives.I enjoyed it.  Definitely not for everyone, but it is a must buy if it is on sale."
76561198017501113,Recommended,304430,24674893,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,charsi,Liked the game a lot. The story doesn't really build but it does have a enjoyble climax. The atmospherics in the game are just beautiful. Some parts do become back-to-back puzzles and irritate until you solve them!
,Recommended,304430,24681913,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MAN BEAR PIG,"very very short but nice , better to buy on sale"
,Recommended,304430,24681943,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KCPowerHouse,"Finished, and this is one of those games that you just need to play through. Very haunting in a very twisted, forboding way. Made buy the same team who made LIMBO. Short but sweet (around 2-3 hours) and the last 10 minutes are worth it for the mechanics alone. Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,24687107,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AbysmalAbyss,"INSIDE. What a game, easily one of my top 10 experiences and an example of a studio really pouring everything into their labour of love.Gameplay. A much more refined and varied take on Limbo style puzzles and environments. You move from left to right for most of the game completing environmental puzzles that felt perfectly balanced. Certain parts will make you pause and truly examine the environments but the clues are always there, just subtle.  I found it a very good level of difficulty, it doesn’t force you to bang your head against the wall so much it takes you out of the experience.Visuals. Played with on my 55” OLED at 4K and was quite simply blown away. It’s safe to say that visually this is as stunning as anything I’ve played, with attention to detail that blows many AAA games out of the water. Like a painting in motion.Audio. Haunting, but perfectly suited to the lonely and at times disturbing environments you will experience.Overall. This is without a doubt a MUST PLAY title and one that will live with you for a long time. Worth £15 and definitely worth 4 or 5 hours of your time. Please don’t spoil it for yourself, don’t read anything or watch any videos before playing."
,Recommended,304430,24598281,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ixobelle,"Don't read anything about this game, and just play it."
76561198120566051,Recommended,304430,24605157,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Papabunny,this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing greatness. its stuning.
76561198048199906,Recommended,304430,24601800,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lombardo's,probably a milestone for puzzle-platformers and i think it's a bit easier than limbo but still a better game. if you like dark and gloomy atmospheres in games you will definitely love it
76561198173434585,Recommended,304430,24601819,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Not_CJ,"After completing LIMBO, I was excited to see how Playdead would improve on their next game.The Visuals were extremely pleasing to the eyes of mine. It felt so simple yet so beautiful.The Gameplay kept me quite interested with all the different puzzles and environments they threw you in.The Audio was extremely spot! I could feel a rush of adrenaline when the music would all of a sudden get louder.Very amateur review, but i'd definitely say the experience was worth every penny."
,Recommended,304430,24564811,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,GatthewMore,"What an amazing game.Fk you Playdead for that ending. Mindfk artsy ending after an amazing puzzle platformer.BUY THIS GAME LOL :)P.S. VERY VIOLENT IN PARTS, AND THE PUZZLES CAN BE RATHER HARD TIL U STOP AND THINK THEM THRU HARD"
76561198027750522,Recommended,304430,24537532,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,nacazooloo,"So the game is about Mr. Unknown, going into the unknown, sometimes tampering with the unknown, while constantly getting screwed by the unknown, only to end being unknown.Well not exactly.Great game though. I love it's style and how it uses lighting, the animation is really beautiful, and the scenes are disturbingly interesting. My first thought when playing INSIDE is it feels like I'm playing a movie. It's cleverly immersive that way I reckon.Now it's not that challenging and it's pretty short. However, if you plan to find all the secrets, that may keep you very busy, and this can be very replayable for some too since it's so fluent and looks amazing.I actually prefer this over Portal. It's going on my special list of interesting game experiences. And yes, I do believe it's worth the price. Can't ignore something as unique as this."
,Recommended,304430,24538097,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Delxysic,"Another masterpiece by Playdead studios. After LIMBO I naturally had high expectations and I can safely say that this game does not disappoint. I don't want to mention anything about the game's mechanics or story as I'd myself want to figure it out on my own. The game’s core is similar to LIMBO, but it’s a completely different adventure.Everyone who liked LIMBO must buy this!!"
,Recommended,304430,24538466,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,You Just got Bamboozled,absolutely awesome super atmospheric and keeps your attention all the way through the game. 11/10 would recomend.
,Recommended,304430,24525622,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BloodAlcoholContentOperatinSystm,Yus
,Recommended,304430,24530655,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Close Call,That was ♥♥♥♥ed up
,Recommended,304430,24513243,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,IgnorantPrimate,Love these guys. Don't care if it's only 2-4 hours. Don't want it to be any longer. The atmosphere and story it tells are amazing. Now just want it on PS4 for trophies.
76561198045438700,Recommended,304430,24526396,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,HobieGames,"If you go into this expecting a ""game"" in the traditional sense, you may end up disappointed. I see a ton of people saying they don't think the play time was worth the money, but I whole heartedly disagree; You are not paying for a game, you are paying for an experience.I beat this game a couple days ago, and I am still thinking about the ending. It gnaws in the back of my mind, making me think maybe I missed something, maybe I wasn't paying attention, and in the end I think that's what makes this game so magical. I don't think there is one concrete way of interpretting it.It undeniably tells a story, (a really intersting one at that), but it's confident in itself enough that it doesn't have to hold your hand through it. Are conformity and control really all that different? If you witness something undeniably unethical, is it excusable to use it towards a positive means? The point is, it asks many questions that you may not know the answer to, and that's ok!It is so good at subverting expectation, so good at incorporating new elements in such interesting ways that fit the world so well, that the traditional arc of interest in a game is totally shattered. It keeps tricking you into thinking you have things figured out, that you finally understand what the main gameplay mechanic is, who the bad guy is, why things are happening, and then it pulls the rug out from under your feet again and again. It's that most enjoyable sense of discovering the world as you traverse it, and trying to determine what happened to this shadowy world to make it the way that it is.If you go into this hoping to figure everything out, it may drive you crazy. Smarter people than I have tried and failed. The ultimate point is, sometimes you don't always get all the answers. Sometimes, you have to let a piece of art tell it's story, and then step off the pedestal before you can ask questions, because that's what this game really is. Art.Buy it right now, and tell your friends to buy it too. Some of the most thought provoking discussions I have had in years are about this wonderful little gem. Do  yourself a favor."
,Recommended,304430,24526637,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,limitless,Terrific Game! Recommend to anyone who loves a good thinker!
,Recommended,304430,24618498,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,KRASHDOWN,An improvement over Limbo in every way that unfortunately ends too soon.
76561198040037985,Recommended,304430,24618578,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Marvin,"I never played a game like this. The artstyle and the atmosphere WOW!At some point you are more in the game than sitting in front of a computer.This was an overwhelming game, simply fantastic!With that said, I'll head out and play Pokemon go, man the atmosphere, so much oxygen!"
76561198127725263,Recommended,304430,24616929,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheAngryMonky,Amazing game both myself and my wife enjoyed it throughly.
,Recommended,304430,24619998,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Madfireshot,"Very good, quite short but is worth the buy. The things you encounter in this game..."
,Recommended,304430,24620101,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zyphyr,"Absolutely incredible.  Beyond the organic puzzles, dark aesthetics and chilling sound that were all wonderful, this game has an impeccable sense of being able to tell a story without words.  It's a story only you know inside your head, because every scene causes you to think of meaning.  Why is what's happening taking place and what is the meaning of it all? What does this symbolize?  I thought of several possible stories the devs wanted to tell, while playing.  If you're prone to finding profound meaning in art, this game is more than worth the money.  I went into it blind and didn't use any help.  I explored around and soaked up the atmosphere and spent a few moments here and there thinking about everything that was happening.In the end, I got 5 hours of playtime, first playthrough.  I will do at least 2 more, just to see what kind of ideas the game makes pop into my head.  While no single aspect of the game is ""better"" than you can find in some other amazing games out there, except for maybe atmosphere, this game made my imagination run wild.  It often seems like 99.9% of developers are afraid to let you actually imagine, and that is one of the true disappoints of the modern gaming age.  I highly recommend this game."
76561197969202428,Recommended,304430,24620354,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,guardian,Best game ever?? You must play this just for the ending you will never see it coming. Will be discussed for ever.
76561198155836474,Recommended,304430,24573331,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,A Gentleman Sniper,"Although the game is very short given the fact i finished it in two hours, it is very enjoyable and very well designed. I would definitly recommend it to anyone who likes brain teasers and solving puzzles. the story is a bit unknown but still a grand game"
,Recommended,304430,24571734,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Raviioli,"Don't really care to compare Limbo to Inside, but I do enjoy both games very much. The atmosphere is terrific, the music is fitting, the ambience is fantastic, the artstyle is minimalistic yet greatly detailed, which to me is almost anime-like in its presentation, but in a way that is mostly subtle. I occasionally dabble in puzzle games and this is a game where most of the challenge comes from some pretty easy puzzles that still manage to make you feel pretty smart. I don't know how I feel about the price since this game does't take very long to complete (one playthrough takes only a few hours even if you are slow) and the only reason you would replay after getting thru the first time is to collect the achievements. I say wait til this is on sale before you go out of your way to buy it just because it is new. I paid full price and I am happy with my purchase ultimately, but I can't get it out of my mind that this should have been priced at $15."
76561198156823600,Recommended,304430,24586734,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Funboat,"Incredibly atmospheric, undeniably thought provoking, cleverly designed, visually stunning, and impossible to forget. It's a cinematic feast for the eyes. If you liked Limbo, you're bound to like Inside as well, and if you're new to Playdead, I urge you to delve into this dark world that everyone is talking about, and will likely be talking about for years to come."
76561197984644084,Recommended,304430,24594928,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sehkola,"I have mixed feelings about this game. It has an amazing ambience, sound, look and feel, but much like Limbo, it was painfully short. The puzzles were entertaining though not particularly challenging. It is definitely a gaming experience worth having all the same, and I would recommend a play-through to all, but the £15 price still feels high for the content.All said and done, it's still a great game, I mostly just wanted more. Make of that what you will :)"
,Recommended,304430,24568116,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dmitrij,"With great visuals and heart-pounding moments as well as well paced puzzles, Inside is a capturing game that will make you think about nothing else. The journey is one of the best, if not the best, I undertook in a video game. The end sadly is a big let down."
76561198072635787,Recommended,304430,24602752,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Jebiwibiwabo,"One of the most interesting and deep games I have ever played, reflecting life today with many more underlying themes that truly make you think. That and its art style/ color scheme fitting the game perfectly, I recommend this game to everyone who isn't weak of heart. The only real issue with this game is the lack of replayability, other than that it is well worth its price."
,Recommended,304430,24580587,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,I'm gay,Now I hate dogs.
76561198057320854,Recommended,304430,24580763,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zatorus,"Atmospheric and engaging, inside tells a story without words and is full of creative and challenging puzzles.I loved limbo but I thought inside was even better10/10"
76561198047836796,Recommended,304430,24579374,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,R3jdiohlava,This is not just a game. This is art and philosophy for those who are willing to accept that the game has multiple meanings and it is open for many interpretations. It's only downside is its length. Otherwise I highly recommend this. Beautiful visuals and innovative gameplay for platform games.
,Recommended,304430,24624211,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Noobium,"INSIDE, also know as What the ♥♥♥♥: The Game."
76561198068548024,Recommended,304430,24625290,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,shadowq8,"It has a perfect and wonderful, I loved the game I thank you from work ....Laudable ... it sounds unbelievable, photos, landscapes and rain it even more fascinating ...Greetings"
76561197970292341,Recommended,304430,24624618,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Nathan Drake fan,"I really, really enjoyed the art and music.  Many times I wanted to venture into the 3D space, but of course that's not possible.  It's really very short, not worth the asking price.  A fun experience, but I'd suggest waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,304430,24589778,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,WineCannon,"Never change, Playdead."
,Recommended,304430,24596336,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[WiSE] jonRock,"This game is incredible. It was absolutely worth the money and my time. I just played through it all, and it was such an amazing adventure. It was programmed very well. The game looks fantastic and it never once dropped below 144 FPS. The movement and animation is also so very fluid. I couldn't get enough of the atmosphere in this game. It was so fascinating. I only wish that it was a bit longer. I can't wait to play through this again though. 10/10."
76561198035879686,Recommended,304430,24597448,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,alex,"Gorgeous graphics, fun puzzles and amazing atmosphere. Linear but never feels like it goes on rails. You always want to know whats behind the next door."
76561198083806185,Recommended,304430,24595287,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GolfHarris,"Wow!I have played games for many years and am rarely impressed with new offerings. I have usually seen it all before.However I found myself, with this game, muttering under my breath ""Brilliant"" on more than a few occasions. Well done.The only disappointment is that It's a bit short lived and I would have loved more."
76561198127624315,Recommended,304430,24183132,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,XXX,"I am very happy to find my Xbox One controller works with vibration after patch updating.Finally Playdead did something, the game is perfect for me now."
76561198091556372,Recommended,304430,24783812,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ThatHcDude,"Great game,a well driven and highly intersting setting. Don't really know what's going on but it's a sweet game."
,Recommended,304430,24782268,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AbstractList,Wow.. Amazing experience..
76561198119451708,Recommended,304430,24782639,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,aaronthepea,Mastapiece
,Recommended,304430,24782726,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AyyySB,And the award for the biggest mind-f*ck of an ending and a story goes to...
76561198042406128,Recommended,304430,25759785,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MarkDTS,"The only thing I can find to say negatively about this game is that it's too short. Beyond that this is a must play game for anyone who loves platform puzzlers. The atmosphere of the game is fantastic and the controls, while they may seem restrictive at first, play really well with the games rail based puzzle system.Even though the game is only a couple of hours long I can't express how much I enjoyed my playthrough."
76561197996991863,Recommended,304430,25792940,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bram,"Dark and richly atmospheric. The simple aesthetics are skillfully applied to create one of the best looking games of the year. The abstraction of the story is compelling and disappointing in equal measure, while clever puzzles will keep you entertained without getting you stuck for too long."
76561197994621647,Recommended,304430,25791477,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Eleven Robots,Better than LIMBO?  No.  Excellent?  Yes.
76561198100671578,Recommended,304430,25789555,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WhenBellsToll,"A masterpiece in every sense of the word. The minimalistic controls and the puzzles aren't the main focus, but are nonetheless entertaining and thought provoking. This game tells its story through nothing but visuals and gameplay. This game challenges developers to see how deep of a story can a pure game tell. Keep heading right.INSIDE"
,Recommended,304430,24203380,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tilleleleleee,a true ten !Game of the year 2016 for me.
76561198043667676,Recommended,304430,25788581,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,epernefferin,very good. yiss!
,Recommended,304430,24167808,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Spaced,"Instantly intriguing and continually rewarding.  Playing games for the better part of thirty years and I audibly gasped multiple times in sheer excitement.  Haunting, tense, gorgeous, surprising...it's just wonderful.  Grab a pair of headphones and play this in one sitting (3-4 hours).  Avoid all spoilers.  Go now."
76561197970317450,Recommended,304430,25821976,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,(*)Gung-Ho,Good but...definitely overpriced.  I get more from $20 at a 2 hour movie than you do from this game.  Was fun though and I enjoyed it but wait for a sale.
,Recommended,304430,25703564,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bunny1ov3r,"A great medium length puzzle-solving game that uses silent narration, and involves some extremely gruesome themes. Although there is no voice acting, the sound effects, BGM, and gluttoral sounds (etc. gasp) are done very well. The puzzle is creative enough that even a person easily bored with puzzles like me could enjoy it. The dark, foreboding atmosphere experienced throughout this game is excellent. The story-telling suffer from some drawbacks though, that it is quite illogical that the protagonist just happened to find a perfect way out as well as some key mysteries are not made clear by the end. Though, it might not be the main point of this game."
76561197967864145,Recommended,304430,25833867,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Devilhand,Highly reccommending this. One of the most innovative and atmospheric games I've ever played.
,Recommended,304430,25797202,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,David,"They took the ""inside"" part quite literally..."
76561198026934804,Recommended,304430,25759430,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jackal,WOW!!!! - an ending that promises more & leaves u wanting more.
76561197995706016,Recommended,304430,25828031,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Syrx,one of the best games ive ever played worth every penny enjoyed it for one day tho for 19 euros
,Recommended,304430,25828745,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,justpaulo,"Great game, love it!"
,Recommended,304430,25829417,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DJ Heady,"Someone might ask: What took the developers so long for another game? Well, after playing this, you will know :-)"
,Recommended,304430,25825097,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,gassyvassy,"LIMBO and INSIDE are absolutely awesome, addicting and weird games and I love them. The puzzles are challenging, the dark and creepy enviorment and music really sets the mood and the game is very well made. Keep them coming guys, ill be waiting for the next one."
,Recommended,304430,26024801,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,r. abdo,"Inside is just as good as Limbo, it's unique, it makes you confused about what's goin on and in the end it makes you speechless, but not in a bad way."
,Recommended,304430,24455037,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,deadindeeD,"HANDS DOWN one of the BEST games I've played in YEARSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you Playdead for yet another BRILLIANT piece of work, you guys have sculpted something truly magnificent I cant wait to share with my friend and family. Can't WAIT for anything next from your studio."
76561197970928223,Recommended,304430,25660876,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Hobosluz!,"Worth playing, awesome game."
,Recommended,304430,25665002,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,stack_smasher,"Brilliantly crafted and atmospheric. Puzzles were just hard enough to be entertaining, but simple enough to not disrupt the flow. If you liked Limbo, you'll probably like this.Well worth full price."
,Recommended,304430,24548234,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Game Sux,"INSIDE is one of the most awe-inspiring games I've played in a long time. It presents and fleshes out one of the most unique and interesting worlds I have ever seen in a game, rivaling Sevastapol from Alien: Isolation, Rapture from Bioshock, and Lordran from Dark Souls. The way in which the game presents this world is very similar to how Playdead's previous title LIMBO presented its own world. With no dialogue or actual storyline to progress through, you are forced to create your own answers to what is presented to you, which I absolutely love and is by far this game's strongest point. There are also two different endings to the game, which adds replay value.INSIDE, at its core, its a platformer/puzzle game, and it succeeds in both aspects. The platforming is very fun thanks to the smooth controls and you can really feel the weight in every jump, ledge grab, and successful landing. The puzzles are also a blast to play for the most part. They are all very creative with the way they use physics, crowd control, and weight. However, there is no breathing room between puzzles. Once you finish one, its immediately onto the next without any sort of break in between and it can get somewhat draining after a few hours. I would prefer if there were more sections where you just take in the games world instead of focusing on puzzles. Thankfully, the game takes a break from puzzle-solving for the most part during the fantastic final sequence.Overall, a great game with amazing world-building hindered by some overlong and repetitive puzzles. 8/10"
,Recommended,304430,25624082,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The Caitasaurus,"This game was not particularlypleasantto play through (lots of the content was spooky and more than a little disturbing), but within the first 10 seconds of game play I was already so intrigued I had to finish. The game mechanics were incredibly simple, and felt surprisingly dynamic for only having 5 inputs. It's fairly obvious that this game shares the same bones as limbo, but for how similar the games are in controls and mechanics, I was blown away with just how unique and new this game felt in every way. The game play and puzzles were fun, and the atmosphere was so incredibly oppressive and weird that I was in a fairly constant state of panic for most of the play through (but in a good way). I want to go on and on about the story and how masterfully the game taught you the answers to puzzles without dialogue or tutorials, but I desperately don't want to give spoilers, because this game is INCREDIBLY good at building suspense and forcing you to keep playing just to grasp for whatever answers you can get.Highly recommended.Go play this."
76561198013489529,Recommended,304430,25598675,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Void_Incarnate,"INSIDE is a lie. The game gives you a box. You have to think outside it, sometimes around it, and sometimes ignore the box and come back to it later. But don't think inside the box. That will get you killed.Great puzzle platformer with amazing ambiance and eerie sense of unease. It's short, but there are hidden secrets, ciphers and an alternate ending, which I haven't unlocked yet. Will I be playing it again? At least once more. Do I think about it and remember it long after I've finished playing? Hell yes.EDIT 09/24/17: Just unlocked the secret ending, loved the questions it raised. Very ambiguous and allegorical. It's not going to satisfy people who like closure, and who didn't like the original ending. For some reason getting it wiped 11 of my achievements, though. Oh well, c'est la vie."
,Recommended,304430,25845223,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Miathan,"Great game. It's good to see that there are still studios out there that understand the art of making video games. Not for mass appeal, not for raking in piles of money.  Just for making something... good. I was going to say something beautiful, but that's not the right word for a dark game like this.It's a rather short game, but still worth its price. The puzzles were mostly a good difficulty for me. I had to think and get better at it, but was never stuck for too long. (Except on one particular point, which I googled. It turned out many people were stuck on that one point.)"
76561198100236553,Recommended,304430,25846025,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,A Cup,"As a big fan of LIMBO I was excited to hear that Playdead was finally releasing another project. Upon seeing the trailer for INSIDE I was on board and quickly purchased the game. Now I must say, LIMBO is one of my favorite games of all time and quite excellently does what so many minimalist indie art games try to do. Frankly, I was concerned that INSIDE would be more or less aping off the success LIMBO had and would be a rather lazy formulaic ""sequel"". But it isn't. This game takes the style pioneered in LIMBO and delves deep into improving it. From the obviously massive amounts of care and effort put into the graphics and animations to finding new ways to explore the sidescrolling gameplay, this game borders on perfect.If you are on the fence about buying this game at all I strongly recommend buying it, the experience is worth your money and Playdead has certainly earned it. If dollars seems high for this sort of thing (which is understandable) keep and eye for it to be on sale and get it as soon as you can. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,304430,25844633,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,keiichi,"Inside is a really short atmospheric game. Not really difficult, but an amazing feat of storytelling with just the animation of the character and the world around it."
,Recommended,304430,25811981,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,aalpontes,Great game. WTF story and ending. But great game.
,Recommended,304430,25682247,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ultimojones,"A beautifully crafted game. The attention to detail in the visuals, animations, and sounds is fantastic and worth taking the time appreciate. The narrative makes you constantly change the way you see the world of the game as you move through it. A unique experience that pushes the boundaries of what a game can be and how a player can participate in the story."
,Recommended,304430,25680311,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Stray97,"Fantastic short game especially if you liked Limbo, however a bit too short for £15"
76561198118220680,Recommended,304430,25734865,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,wmcferren,"This game is very successfully unsettling, surreal, and vividly enthralling, with puzzles that move the story along without being too simple. It goes to prove that you don't need the latest Unreal engine to make a game that truly grips your senses. Playing this is like watching your favorite TV show on netflix; when you come back to reality, you realize that you were hungry about 2 hours ago and should have been in bed already."
,Recommended,304430,25730486,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,kl1lercher,Breathtaking!
76561198015080209,Recommended,304430,25731104,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,sarashinai,Ah. Maze. Ing.Well worth the computer upgrade to play!
76561198021295548,Recommended,304430,25731725,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lagspike,10/10
,Recommended,304430,24366160,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Intercourse,"A beautiful, deep and immersive puzzle platformer. A bit short, true. But for me it's worth it."
76561197975142481,Recommended,304430,24367767,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Shivershorts,"Fantastic.I really enjoyed Limbo, and Inside builds upon it in countless ways.If you're a fan of atmosphere and puzzles, this it the one."
,Recommended,304430,24368245,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Chip Dangercock,I bought this game knowing nothing about it and only needed to see 1 screenshot to get me to purchase it. I played it all the way through in the middle of the night and don't regret a minute of it.
,Recommended,304430,24368463,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Zeretal,There are no words to describe how insanely good this game is. Highly Recommend
76561198055913005,Recommended,304430,24368567,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,"First this game was scary, Then it became terrifying, Then it came to a point where I had to ask myself ""What the hell am I looking at?"", And then it was over.I have many questions, None were answered, I recommend it in spite of this. Strange game indeed."
,Recommended,304430,24368631,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GeeK_Kila,If you played Limbo and liked it then this is well worth the price.
76561198025351101,Recommended,304430,24371865,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,jharris812,"I don't usually enjoy puzzle games, but I loved Inside.Absolutely masterful. Cinematic without any cutscenes. Quiet and beautiful. Brutal and violent. Ambitious design executed flawlessly. The most incredible final act I've ever seen in a game."
,Recommended,304430,24372040,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Royce,MIND BLOWN
76561198317523097,Recommended,304430,24369522,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Gameover,nice
76561197993384819,Recommended,304430,24369712,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pikol,"This game should seriously get some award for the absolutely AMAZING animations. Like wow, going from, I assume, flash based animations in LIMBO, to this ? Ridiculous."
,Recommended,304430,24371078,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,bylin,9.9/10
76561197999263099,Recommended,304430,24371396,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,angupte,"Masterpiece..this game is perfection in every way.Gameplay, story and design results a near perfect gameplaying experience.Just get it."
,Recommended,304430,24367343,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SchultZie,"If The Swapper and LIMBO had a baby, this would be it. Beautiful art style, great puzzles, and incredible sound design. An intriguing, atmospheric title which never overstays its welcome. Highly recommended!"
76561198007603582,Recommended,304430,24366599,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dora l'empalatrice,"played a bunch of games this year, nothing comes near to this"
,Recommended,304430,24366713,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TitanGarvey,Very atmospheric. Puzzles were interesting but I never got hung up on any of them
,Recommended,304430,24403318,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Davidonabus,Superb!  Videogame art.
76561198024274857,Recommended,304430,24403804,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,MD Tron,"Best $20 I have spent on a game, I almost didnt buy Inside because of how short the game is, yet I dont think I would have spent 4 hours playing anything else.  The game left me wanting more, I fell in love with Inside.  I would say it is an experience that I will never forget."
76561198050877664,Recommended,304430,24404452,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,jeremyreagan,"This is my first review for a title. I can't really articulate clearly the immediate immersion one feels in the dystopian world.It’s brutal, brilliant, and poignant, without trying too hard to impress.It’s not often where you feel such a level of satisfaction in solving puzzles, or achieving basic hand-to-eye mechanics with such delight.The brutality of the game only adds to the immersion, and despite my constant deaths, it never feels frustrating to play.Truly Brilliant, and for anyone who loved Limbo, this is much further down the rabbit hole.A+"
,Recommended,304430,24268253,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zaheer,"Ok, I wasn't sure if it was worth to pay this much to play a 3 hour game, but dude, its 3 hours of pure ecstasy, just buy it, you'll not regret it!"
,Recommended,304430,24391920,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,shm0,"Great game.Great gameplay, great atmosphere, great art, great style - it's all excellent."
,Recommended,304430,24335974,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Vidar34,11/10 WTFS
76561198035551401,Recommended,304430,24336329,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TNz,"(Big fan of limbo)I really do enjoyed this game.The Atmosphere is terrific as usual as from Playdeads Earlier releases.Good controls and very soothing graphics.This game is exactly as creepy and bisarre as their first game.So i give this game a solid 9/10 for the the only reason that its a really good playdead and athmosperic game but a tid bit confused of the ending.Still doesnt know why its called inside, perhaps because its partly inside of a factory/building.. xd."
76561198027071207,Recommended,304430,24342225,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Luxmeal,"So, I am 38 yoand I have played for at least 30 years, starting from a commodore 64. to amiga, to an 8086 PC, to a Pentium, to several others, to an i-9 with two GTX970 in SLI and HTC Vive and all the things you want to have, including a 55inch PC monitor.So I have tried quite a few.INSIDE IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED.Thank you for putting so much effort into this game.I wouldn't even call it a game, more like another world. Ironically, I do have an HTC Vive but this game is the closest to the most immersive experience you could possibly get these days, despite not being a VR title.I love you developers, thank you for so much effort put into this."
,Recommended,304430,24342802,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nate Bauer,"Fantastic game! While I can understand a lot of people not understanding the storyline or ending, I don't think it's a reason to imply negative connotation. Similarly to the style of Limbo, it's a work of art and should be interpreted as such.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,24348505,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ｐ ｌ ｓ 　 ｈ ｅ ｌ ｐ,t r a u m a t i z i n g
,Recommended,304430,24350474,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,newagebegins,This game is something special. Very much like Limbo but even better. I think it has some of the best physics and sound I've seen in games. Remarkable atmosphere and overall experience. And what a surprise awaits the player in the second half of the game!
76561198041195124,Recommended,304430,24176970,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Arielroler,"INSIDE is a real journey and the end of it has left me confused and feeling bad for some hours.The game is amazing and i reccomend you get it full price, it will be worth it in my opignion."
76561198046088204,Recommended,304430,24349409,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Lil'BimBam,"As expected, this game is an amazing feat of visuals and sound. The animations are incredibly details and fluid, environments are filled with polish and the art style is striking and unique. The sound design is also superb, with very accurate sound effects, haunting ambience and sparing use of sublte music.As with Limbo, the story is very vague and unexplanitory, but is incredibly intruiging and keeps you playing the whole time. The concepts in this game are incredibly creative and eerie, offering a narritive.In terms of gameplay, the controls are very fluid and intuitive, which is helped along by the amazing character animations. The puzzles are a lot larger than limbo, not confined to one screen, and for the most part are engaging, finding a good balance of difficulty. Concepts never overstay their welcome, and you are constantly introduced to new gameplay mechanics.Cannot recommend enough"
,Recommended,304430,24352510,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Rilenz,"Great game with unique puzzles which can be a bit head scratching at times, but you'll soon figure them out on move onto the next: this gives it an excellent progression rate.Also, if you thought the ending to Limbo was ambiguous, wait until you finish this o_O"
76561198305607490,Recommended,304430,24346065,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Parkercl.cp,"Beautiful game. I mean, seriously.  I couldn't look away.  Inside is expertly crafted and that fact is evident in every frame.  I am very glad I own this now, like I am glad that I have a copy of nineteen eighty-four somewhere on my bookshelf.  The gaming world needs more of this.  Thanks Playdead.  Your little game made my weekend."
,Recommended,304430,24346631,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wesley,"Let me preface this by affirming what everyone else is saying: It's short.I also don't think I would have been able to handle it had it been longer, at least not the way it was structured.It's a twisted, weird, confusing adventure that makes your heart beat quick and your anxiety spike, and it's great. The sound is second to none, the visuals are beautiful, the animations are amazing. It's artistically flawless.HOWEVER, on a less fortunate note - it is just as inconclusive and airy as Limbo. The problem here being that LIMBO gave us just enough to theorize, but INSIDE really is too smeared about that I don't really care what the meaning is, if there is one. I put a lot more thought and effort into deciphering LIMBO, but I only spent about twenty minutes thinking about INSIDE before I just shrugged it off.All in all: BEAUTIFUL. You get what you pay for, no doubt. The short time span is intensely immersive and I don't regret spending $20 on it one bit."
76561197967486275,Recommended,304430,24346722,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Hop,"As of the writing of this review I'm only 2.3 hours in to the game. With that said; I'm completely enveloped by the world of INSIDE. So far this is nothing if not an outstanding followup to one of my favorite games of all time; 'LIMBO'.Both artistically and mechanically the game has exceeded my expectations for what a sidescrolling puzzle/platformer can (or should) be.This is more than a game, it's a new chapter in art history."
,Recommended,304430,25778355,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Roodieculous,"All of it--the setting, the sound, the beautiful art--builds to the discovery of the secret"
76561197961458844,Recommended,304430,25774626,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ChocoB34R,"Not as ground breaking, revolutionary, or emotion invoking as its predecessor (LIMBO). INSIDE doesn't improve upon their original formula but tweaks a few things. You'll see changes in color, camera angles, and puzzles which still makes for a beautiful game with more depth and color.I found that I died less than I did when playing LIMBO and that might be because puzzles were easier or that there are now less things that are out to kill you or maybe because having knowledge of LIMBO I already have an idea of how puzzles are likely to be solved.Still a fun, beautiful, game with pockets of excitement, nervousness, and enjoyment. Campaign is probably 4 hours long?"
76561198053777821,Recommended,304430,25774808,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ctlangford,Amazing!
76561198156097486,Recommended,304430,25690022,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,little_bigfish,An amazing game.It reminds me of the Portal series.
,Recommended,304430,24224573,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Harodan,"I have never seen a more poignant atmosphere in any other game I have played. This world is one of those that will grab you with its tendrils and pull you into its mass, enveloping you. I'll be thinking about this one for a long time.Fantastic gameplay and puzzles, breathtaking graphics and atmosphere, subtle and genius sound and music.As with anything this good, I only wish there were more of it."
,Recommended,304430,24224787,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Moclippa,Worth every penny. Inside does everything it sets out to perfectly.
,Recommended,304430,24224814,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheKey4427,"Beautiful, complex, intriguing, and overall entertaining. A game that will bring lots and lots of theories. A game that is 100% worth your time.(For better enjoyment, play in the dark.)"
,Recommended,304430,24224818,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Supermaxman,If you liked limbo you will love this. Atmospheric and intense.
76561197960825036,Recommended,304430,24227777,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ZatgunZ,"Pros.Atmosphere, game physics, art work, sound effects, animation. Good puzzles and the end sequence was nuts.Cons.Very short. The end."
76561197979086478,Recommended,304430,24227871,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ghostrails,"tl;dr: Highly recommended unless you particularly dislike puzzle platformers.Inside is an extremely atmospheric and inventive puzzle platformer. If you played and liked LIMBO (same developer) stop reading this review right now and go play Inside as it's LIMBO turned up to 11.The graphics and sound are first-rate, with incredible attention to detail. The game is worth playing for the visual experience alone.Difficulty is a very subjective thing in this sort of game, and your opinion of whether it's too easy or hard will probably depend on your affinity for puzzle-solving. In my personal view, the difficulty was just right. I generally find platformers that require quick reflexes and pixel-perfect alignment frustrating and was glad to find that this sort of puzzle was in the minority. Similarly, I was never left baffled by any of the puzzles for more than a few minutes (and I don't consider myself particularly adept at puzzle games).As other reviews have mentioned, a complete playthrough is about 3-4 hours, so if you think the asking price is too steep for that amount of gameplay...One last point is the plot which, like LIMBO, is mysterious and left unexplained. You play a nameless boy on a journey of exploration through a spooky science facility of some sort. The vibe is equal parts Orwell's 1984 and Valve's Portal. The ending is quite abrupt and enigmatic. There are many theories online already about what it might mean. My personal hunch is that the last part of the story is missing from the game because the developers ran out of money :)"
,Recommended,304430,24227893,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,★ Skye アディ,"An absolutely brilliant game. After limbo, I was expecting such a perfection from playdead and they surely delivered it.The beautiful atmosphere, the challanging levels, the hauntingly amazing ambient music by Martin.It is inspiring, that's all I can say.Just one aspect, the ending of Limbo was more beautiful. Doesn't make this one's bad but yeah, that made me tear up for a minute there."
76561198046467163,Recommended,304430,24227977,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,blackcrusade89,"Just finished it for the 2nd time and got all achievements now. Playdead ruled it once again after Limbo a few years ago. Without any explainations and introducing they are able to create an amazing atmosphaire while playing the game. New interactions and better animations and graphics - even if the details are (due engine stuff) minimal. I beg you to play this wonderful game. The only thing I can complain just a little bit about is that the game is about the same lenght as Limbo. It could be a bit longer, but it still doesn't ruin the game at all."
76561198133995509,Recommended,304430,24228013,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,sithious,"Buy It, Play it.It's an amazing dive into crossreferencing a persons motivation and free will. On top of that, you also get great puzzles, responsive controls and a gorgeous atmosphere."
,Recommended,304430,24228155,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shinigami,"If you liked Limbo, this is better in my opinion, although puzzles were a bit simpler overall. Very strange world and lots of surprised."
76561198027050638,Recommended,304430,24228193,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jasi,"Finished the game in 2 days, It was an awesome experienceidea -> InnovativeImage, graphics, environment, atmosphere are well done!U don't need high end graphics to enjoy a game which just simply catch the eye and brain for the audience.It was worth the money for this journey.Thanks developers for a great game :)"
,Recommended,304430,24227675,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BenTobith,An incredible experience. Will take your breath away before it blows you away. Insane.
,Recommended,304430,24229262,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NightFlying,"Beautiful materpiece, can't enjoy it more, breathe-taking."
,Recommended,304430,24229743,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,WNDL,"AMAZING!Made me realise why I like certain types of music, art, literature, movies and games.I like creative things that couldn't have been achieved in any other medium."
76561198285189904,Recommended,304430,24227211,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shirleyv7,"Took approximately 3 hours to finish the game, get all the achievements and a secret ending... I have to say it is the best game after Limbo, no matter in the perspectives of gaming atmosphere, handling, or story. The secret ending was so hard to discover that I have to follow some tuber's instructions. All in all, great game, and there are still so many mysteries. I strongly recommend this game."
76561198278304620,Recommended,304430,24228548,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,utkarshkathpalia,This game will haunt your dreams.A unique game with interesting things around every corner.
76561198062197497,Recommended,304430,24228558,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,gaben circulation,Incredibly disturbing from the beginning till the end.
76561198221687092,Recommended,304430,24228662,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Winterspark,Beautifully constructed but a terrible ending.
76561198077720710,Recommended,304430,24277801,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NixLegit,"Well worth the $20 price point and the 3.4 hours it took me to play through it could not have been any more satisfying. The game has me thinking in existential ways and has probably single-handedly convinced me to switch careers and become a game designer. Every frame is gorgeous, the animations are mostly fluid, the soundtrack goes hand in hand with the gameplay and should be played loud if possible. The story and game puzzles all stem from the same theme and provide a seamless narrative experience throughout. The camera placement and angle is thoughtful and insightful. The timing of the lurking danger is perfectly orchestrated for time after time of thrilling close-calls. The game is worth multiple play-throughs at least. I can't recommend Inside enough."
,Recommended,304430,24279713,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DirtyRa,NEED TO ACHIEVE PHD TO UNDERSTAND THIS GAME SUDDENLY ITS END.
,Recommended,304430,24677247,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,QuickMood,"10/10 Superb game, great graphics, refreshing gameplay and such a weird story but none the less well worth the money."
,Recommended,304430,24679503,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,psykl0ps,"This game was absolutely phenomenal! The art style, the atmosphere, and the lack of being spoon fed a story resulted in a fantastic game that I will look forward to playing again in the future!"
76561198020520456,Recommended,304430,24643783,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BloodBath52993,The only words I have to describe this game is beautiful and Wow....just Wow....
76561197961070988,Recommended,304430,24642603,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sigurd Cesar,This game is so well made it pisses me off. God damn...
76561197982749730,Recommended,304430,24642921,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,elflorro,"This game is amazing!I completed the game in just about 3 hours.But those 3 hours were filled with pure joy and exitement.Starting from the the first to the last second this game has stunning visuals, smooth contols and most importantly for me: an absolutely gripping atmosphere.Yes, it's ""only"" a puzzle-plattformer but it could also be an animated short movie. A real masterpiece!The ending is awe-inspiring!I love this game!"
76561198254094218,Recommended,304430,24642928,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hoop House Creative,"I played Inside in one sitting.  It was an incredible experience.  The developers of this game are masters of storytelling and captivating imagery.  Such bizzare yet beautiful landscapes and puzzles.  I kept thinking, ""why am I here?"" ""What is this ultimatley going to lead to?""  ""what don't I know yet?""  And those questions were easy to ask because the gameplay was fantastic.  You must play this game and experience it's wonders as I have.btw, one of the best endings to a game I have ever seen."
76561198087921403,Recommended,304430,24643042,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,minifrost,"Great game,but what the hell."
76561198055388062,Recommended,304430,24639255,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Horn,wtf did i just play10/10
76561198031500707,Recommended,304430,24640700,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,alitnc,This game promisses ultimate gaming experiance for a few money. Playdead rulez.
,Recommended,304430,24644110,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BennyB,"this was a great game well worth the 20$, the only critisiem i have is that i wish it was longer i finished the whole game in only 3 hours but other than that 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,304430,24639774,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Extra Thicc,Amazing.
76561198012696724,Recommended,304430,24642137,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zaego,"Short version: a dark, dystopic and cryptic puzzle-platformer from the creators of LIMBO. 5/5Long version: INSIDE is a spiritual successor to LIMBO, naturally from Playdead. While the latter was purely 2D, the newer installation has vastly improved graphics and color settings over its' predecessor. The environments feature 3D map-design and visual depth, but movement happens within 2D setting (controls consist of: up, down, left and right, and ""action""). This allows for stunning landscapes to serve as beautiful background to the exploration of the dark world of INSIDE. The game also has top-level music and sound design, both of which are equally subtle and yet powerful enough to create a wonderful atmosphere. The controls are pleasingly fluid.At deeper glance, INSIDE does retain some similarities to its' predecessor LIMBO, but while the latter started to lose its' psychological edge about halfway through the game, INSIDE keeps the tension high right unto the end. What has been gained within psychological tension, however, has been lost in the way of difficulty. Whether it is a trick of nostalgia or improved personal skill, it feels as though INSIDE is a teeny-tiny bit easier than LIMBO. There is not a low-death speedrun achievement to be found, either. Even so, this game keeps itself relatively fresh with the few tools that its' gameplay allows for, which is a true testament to the skill of the developers.Much like LIMBO, INSIDE can be played as either a puzzle-platformer only; or a puzzle-platformer with a deep story behind it. Either way, aside from the occasional achievement grind, there is little in the way of replayability, unless one desires to play the game several times for the sheer joy of it. Gameplay-wise one can expect from 3-7 hours of gameplay, depending on how much exploring or speedrunning one opts to go with.All in all, INSIDE is a definite gem within its' nightmare-inducing genre. 5/5."
76561198122366340,Recommended,304430,24641130,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,WHYWHEE,What I liked:Art styleLack of vivid colors (because when ou see them its very beautiful)AnimationsPuzzlesStorySoundSecret endingCollectiblesLightningCamara anglesOnly one crash (Through the WHOLE) sessionLack of controlsWhat I didn't like:(Nothing here... this is  a near THE perfect game)
,Recommended,304430,24641477,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,✪ L0gic,"I recommend this game to anyone! Very realistic, the graphics are amazing! Try the 4K Version. It only took me 3h to finish the game, but still a very good game.It's a very strange story, I still don't really understand the real meaning behind this game with the 2 possibility of ending."
76561198093336856,Recommended,304430,24649181,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ed up, just like the last one, and it was also beautiful as well and really gave me a message about society that i value very highly in a game of this magnum. was not as atmospheric as the last one but it is no less than steller. the devs have my money, respect, and compliance with future products.to the devs: please don't do another one of those episodes underwater with that creepy wank stain of a ♥♥♥♥♥ that is more terrifying than lauren when she finds out she just missed happy hour."
,Recommended,304430,24655328,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bassMonkey,"I played this game in a single sitting. Went over to my friend's place and made him play it just to experience it again.Absolutely Beautiful, Intuitive, Breath-Taking game. AMAZING art direction and even better sound direction. No explanations, no dialogues. Just a straightforward amazing experience. 11/10"
76561198201615539,Recommended,304430,24492245,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ragekilla,AWESOME GAME.... pls add more to it
76561198000811052,Recommended,304430,24488914,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,GrownAssManticore,"Among my top three, it has to be -- relentlessly physical and intuitive. Surprising. Beautiful! Anyone who loves the Oddworld games (and if you haven't, check them out!) will recognize the nod to that game, and have a love for the rich world the game creates. The use of proecedural animation is striking. Limbo fans will be overjoyed, as this is better in the best ways."
,Recommended,304430,24499635,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Veteran Aryan,"Incredibly beautiful game. The plot is very obscure which leaves itself completely open to interpretation and allows you to take in the scenery and horror of this game undistracted. The puzzles are fun, I don't think I ever got stuck on one (I actually did get stuck on the very first part with the fridge so scratch that), the developers did a brilliant job in highlighting objectss you need to interact with in the environment without giving you any instruction. Check this game out."
76561198319577809,Recommended,304430,24499805,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,borislav.n.georgiev,"An amazing game, haven't had so much fun with a platformer recently. It might be a little weird for some people but for me it was strange, refreshing and capturing. I had a ton of fun playing it and I couldn't get enought of it."
,Recommended,304430,24545784,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Makifun,"I loved Limbo so I had to buy INSIDE as well. 10/10 worth every moneys, could have been longer though.My wallet is ready for their next game!"
,Recommended,304430,24550852,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,zxjinn,"Stellar environment, interesting gameplay, solveable and fun puzzles. Got a little weird at the end there, but still a very entertaining game."
,Recommended,304430,24547806,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Begrimed,"Game recommended, HOWEVER.The game is gorgeous and in the later chapters, really makes you use your noggin to figure out some of the puzzles.  Coming from the studio that brought us LIMBO, I expected this game to be great.  And it was.  The visuals are stunning.  The physics are fun and the timing this game requires you to have is always enough to have you wincing at the thought of not making it to the next checkpoint.But back to the ""however.""  Every so often within the game, the screen will freeze.  After a moment, the screen will glow a bright white, and you can no longer see the game.  It is still running, however.  But without visual, you must restart the game.  Typically, the game will freeze at the exact same moment during play, time and time again.  This usually results in me 'rage quitting' the game for the day, and moving on to different things.  The next time I log on to play, the error has corrected itself, but only to happen again at a different point in play.  After a few days of struggling through these errors, the game is complete.Overall, the game experience is great. The environment alone is enough to hook me, and the mystery of the story is what keeps me in my seat 'til the end. Though, the price is a little steep, so keep an eye out for this to be featured on a Steam sale. Aside from the errors experienced, this is a solid title and a recommended addition to your library."
76561198043271298,Recommended,304430,24525575,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,atswag21,"Stunning graphics and interactive gameplay.  I love it so dang much.  BUT, sooooooooooo short.  Beat it in a day.  I suppose my knowledge of Limbo created an atmosphere where I knew those nuances that Playdead developers like to throw at you.  Simply wonderful game that I wish was 100x's longer.  Thanks for the play."
76561198066682233,Recommended,304430,24523077,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Salador80,Well.....what a game. took me a few sittings as i was playing other games but i found i was fully invested in this. you start out running.....you as the player are not sure what from. then things start to show themselves.....little clues. and the story opens up into a nightmare for 'the boy'. i would recomend this to anyone who loves a good yarn (story). the beauty of this game is it unfolds the story with no dialogue and no subtitles. you get it all through the background and what the boy does. i have watched the alternate ending. i wouldnt recomend you watch it till you complete the game. its not too hard. took a few hours at most but thats not the point. this is a gem and deserves to be seen. if you worry about game length versus money spent then get it in a sale but have it on your wishlist definatley!!!!!!
76561197964949983,Recommended,304430,24523325,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zeliax,"Entertaining and haunting at the same time.If you liked Limbo this is a must play!I would have liked it to be longer, but isn't it always like that with games like these!? :P"
76561198168192962,Recommended,304430,24521332,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ulysse32164,"Very good game, just a little bit short."
,Recommended,304430,24521815,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,WesleypUsa,This is one of my favorite games out there. Such a fun game to play and also 100% it will doing a play through on my channel. I really highly recommend playing this game.
,Recommended,304430,27326596,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skunt McGravy,"Beautiful, just beautiful. Don't let the price tag intimidate you. Even if you can beat this game in under 3 hours, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,304430,27296886,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rjorekit,Brilliant
76561198012549212,Recommended,304430,27296185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nich0.o,this game is as good as its predecessor. the game mekaniks are simpel and fun
,Recommended,304430,27296205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zsStalker,Stunning visuals with really great gameplay and storytelling.Also final chapter of the game is simply mindblowing!
76561198008670167,Recommended,304430,27368224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,silverchrome73,this game was simply amazing!!!
76561197991661292,Recommended,304430,27412965,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robbye_Kean,Probably the best indie game I've play up until today.
,Recommended,304430,26486152,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ribena,"I've waited months for this game to be on sale so I can finally play it and I am in awe. I resisted the urge to watch play throughs, with the exception of one when trying to figure out if I'd be interested in the game.The art, the music, the atmosphere created in each scene/section was amazing and I'm still not over it.I annoyingly found out that there's a secret ending? I could be wrong but I get to replay the game and I honestly can't wait.This has to be one of my ultimate favourites after undertale. It may be a little pricey, but it's worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,304430,26411525,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,teebs,"This game is phenomenal.  Don't read anything about it before you play, just go in blind and enjoy."
76561198281468520,Recommended,304430,26526453,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,学习使我快乐,I LIKE THIS GAME SOOOO MUCH!!! IT IS EVEN BETTER THAN LIMBO!The atmosphere is built with mystery and loneliness. Everyone around was designed to be your enemy. You are going to be the only brightness in this game (as other things and people are in black and white but your character is in red).The story is fully designed and it is very interesting and it also gives you the opportunity to think about the ending...The thing is this game is easier than LIMBO...at least dat's what I thinkOh I got it when it was on sale for halloween and it was so cheap!A GOOD GAME AND...PLAYDEAD...GOOD JOB
76561198337731021,Recommended,304430,26521124,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,sushibeans609,"Inside is definitley an indie title worth picking up. I paid full price for it and while I was a little lost on the playthrough (i'll explain later) i felt it was well worth the £15.00 its advertised for.First thing is Inside is from the same team that made Limbo, so we already know were in for a treat. However this is more polished and much more intresting to play. The best thing in this game is the lighting and level design. In the bleak world its set in, the developers have found a way to use beautiful lighting and atmosphere to set the tone. Honestly in all the games I've played this has some of the most beautiful lighting ever used.The levels are set into certain sections, each progressing to the next with a series of puzzles you need to complete in order to move on, sometimes on your own, sometimes with a little help. The puzzles arent brainbustingly hard but offer enough challenge to keep you thinking on your feet.The story (no spoilers here) was what got me. I knew a little about the game beforehand but even with this knowledge I never really understood what was going on. The further you get into the game the more you question things around you and I think certainly by the end you end up drawing your own conclusions to what has happened or is happening. I googled a fair few opinions of the games ending and each have their own version of what 'happened'. But suffice to say I drew up a completley different opinion. I think the best way to approach Inside is by knowing as little about it as possible so you can experince your own version of the story fully. I can't quite explain it further without ruining anything.The story is something open to personal interpretation, what you take from it you will but Inside has deep roots within the story that will leave you thinking about the subject matter long long after playthrough. So if your looking for a game that you will enjoy visually as well as keep you thinking as you play,  I suggest giving Inside a go. You may just, like me, love the experience it will provide you. This, amongst other indie titles is why I chose PC gaming over console."
,Recommended,304430,26589533,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,eugene.kiver,Love it
76561198012965462,Recommended,304430,26466371,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Filoppi,Poetry.
,Recommended,304430,26604685,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,HertzaHaeon,Strangely and darkly atmospheric. Mechanically simple with surprising gameplay complexity.
,Recommended,304430,26707142,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ReadySpaghetti,"This is a short game, in 4 hours you can finish it, 4 more to find all the ""orbs"".The ending and the secret ending just gives more questions than answers kinda like with Dark Souls where the lore is hidden and you only get tidbits making you contemplate as to whose/what is behind all of the ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥that's happening and their reason for making said♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ambiance and lighting is pretty great, really gives you the feeling of fear."
76561198128809288,Recommended,304430,26707225,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hoxton,"This was stunningly beautiful. I never played Limbo but I can get a sort of Limbo vibe.What I thought was interesting was that after the intro screen is shown, you just begin playing. No instructions, no goal, nothing. Just moving right and trying not to die.I would definitely play this again, maybe for the achievements. But again, this is very beautiful.Highly recommend to people who like platformer (not necessarily a platformer, but eh), dark games. Idk if this would be considered a storyline based game, because there are two endings, and the story isn't revealed much anyway.But still get if you're into dark, atmospheric games. 20 dollars isn't that bad."
76561197981370433,Recommended,304430,26477338,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Zeleboba,"Inside - OMG! It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! Short, intensive and yet highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304430,26495084,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Alitkfire,Perfection.The puzzles are fantastic and never so difficult as to become frustrating.The sound design is brilliant.It looks gorgeous and plays even better.
76561198129921987,Recommended,304430,26501029,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BO7AMMOOD,"Wow.... WTF!!!I'm not sure what has just happened, but I know for a fact that I won't be able stop thinking about it for a long, long time..."
,Recommended,304430,26498823,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Axxmann,"I really enjoyed the feel of this game - there were some really suspensful moments and some brutal ones.  The puzzles were fun and some of them took some time to figure out.  I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys a suspensful puzzle game that keeps you guessing as to where the story is going.  If you enjoyed LIMBO, you'll like this one too.  If you haven't tried LIMBO...get it."
,Recommended,304430,26509948,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,robinson.jack2000,"Up until now, Limbo has been my favourite game. This changes that. Every single element I loved about Limbo is better in this. The story, though it's barely tangible as with Limbo, is considerably quicker developing. The game play is very similar. You solve puzzles to go right. Here, the Puzzles are often on a much larger scale than Limbo.If anything, I found that this game was easier than Limbo. I think this could just be because I had already played Limbo. Though I think that the puzzles were as difficult, I don't feel as if I died as much. This is largely down to the game rather than my skill. Rather than dying every time you get something wrong, the puzzles here are much more complex.I absolutely loved this game. It was everything I wanted it to be!"
,Recommended,304430,26461230,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ch33p,"Ein sehr schönes Spiel, was auf Limbos stärken aufbaut. Spielzeit sind bei einem einmaligen durchspielen ~3 Stunden. Insgesamt ein sehr schönes athmospärisches Spiel, welches recht einfache Rätsel besitzt. Insgesamt sehr zu empfehlen."
,Recommended,304430,26530443,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shadron,"Great successor to Limbo. Wonderful example of Video Games as Art. Very beautiful. It's short, but it has high replay value."
76561198081768067,Recommended,304430,26527207,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PepeFEELS,"Simply amazing, kind of a weird twist at the end but still amazing"
,Recommended,304430,26497227,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Grimeton,Bought Limbo in the HumbleBundle back then and couldn't stop playing until I finished the game. Now this. Exactly the same. You just have to play and make it through. 100% addictive. As awesome as Limbo but IMHO not as complicated/hard. If you haven't played Limbo before you should get the bundle and play Limbo first.Worth every single penny. I hope there will be another one that is a bit longer and keeps me fascinated a whole weekend.
76561198188850429,Recommended,304430,26493695,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,specialgooseofdoom,"Very interesting game, definitely worth the price tag for anyone with an interest in the bizarre and surreal.  Controls are pretty tight and simplistic, just two commands jump and grab but there's about 397373838934928 things you can do in the same with them.  The puzzles are simplistic on the surface but can be somewhat difficult to figure out without being annoying.  Overall 5/5"
,Recommended,304430,25950588,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kremennik ♥,!!!
76561197988212088,Recommended,304430,25955400,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cruelus,One of the most visually striking games i've ever played! Great atmosphere and sound effects.
,Recommended,304430,24702683,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,nachochip,10% Luck.  15% Skill.  15% Determined power of will. 15% Charming. 15% Pleasure. 100% reason to remember the name.
76561198089045462,Recommended,304430,24698956,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,amnesiac33,Played the whole thing with a stupid grin on my face. Probably my favouite game this year.
76561198281139079,Recommended,304430,24698986,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,samanthap493,"Amazing visuals and Great gameplay, a Story that defiently makes the player think. Such an amazing game I defiently recommend playing it. But the death scenes are very gory, you have been warned."
,Recommended,304430,24636618,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Maverick,"Great Game! Doesn't take long to beat, just about 3-4 hours, but i still like supporting this small game studio that produces great stuff!If you enjoyed ""LIMBO"" then you will also enjoy ""INSIDE"".  If you have the cash, try the game out, or wait for a sale, either way you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,304430,24637110,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ghostface Q,"This game is gorgeous and intoxicating.  The animation is as fluid as I've ever seen in a game.  It sucks you into its world immediately, oozing in alternate a dark and sinister menace and forlorn melancholy.  The mechanics are deceptively simple - just two buttons and a control stick - but the gameplay never gets rote or repetitive, nor does any section overstay its welcome.  It reminds me a lot of Ico with the scope and majesty of its world.It's short, and $20 feels a tad high as an asking price, but this is a boutique game with unmistakable craft and polish.  You won't go wrong with INSIDE: it's an absolute joy."
76561198000593635,Recommended,304430,24634983,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,otacon38,This is a perfect little game for a lazy afternoonIf you loved limbo or SOMA then you'll love this one too
76561198134690576,Recommended,304430,24635627,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Punisher,;)
76561197963752920,Recommended,304430,24567913,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ChugsJetFuel,"A flawless masterpiece.  Amazing technical achievement as well.  Just phenomenal.  Left a lasting impression, that's for sure"
76561198017189036,Recommended,304430,24567985,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,superawesomethug805,"Wonderful game that built upon what had made Limbo special.It excels at both gaming and storytelling, traits that most triple AAA titles seems to miss and so desparately need.So pick this up, dim down the lights, and immserse yourself with Inside."
,Recommended,304430,24565149,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Zigmar,"Next time some idiot tells you video games are not art, just show him this freaking game. Piece of art is the best I can describe this. Beautiful, thought-provoking, inspiring, unsettling, surrealistic piece of art."
76561198020572386,Recommended,304430,24567356,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Prisoner006,Just finished the game and what a wonderful experience. The puzzles are carefully constructed with a good variety.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,304430,24564174,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Му-му,It's like Limbo but much much better. If you like Limbo you will love INSIDE!
,Recommended,304430,24263626,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,catburger1,"This game was great, 9/10 Ign needs more corporate schmuck squashing."
,Recommended,304430,24263666,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fernando,A masterpiece of gaming art
76561198009954734,Recommended,304430,24263679,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,novi,"There's already so much praise for this game, I don't know what I can possibly add... All I will say is - I can hardly wait for the next Playdead release. A true work of art."
,Recommended,304430,24401660,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Emerald,Things Playdead has sucessfully made me afraid of -Dogs (man's best friend)Water (the stuff you drink)Wearing a red shirtHippies
,Recommended,304430,24406837,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Tikaroz,Daum son.
,Recommended,304430,24415007,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Toomgis,"Absolutely phenomenal game, a beautiful example of story telling through gameplay. As a spiritual successor to Limbo it far surpasses the standard Limbo set for these types of mechanics, atmosphere and story telling. While I'd say it's easier than Limbo, I feel that's a good thing. The puzzles feel much more naturally integrated into the world while a few of Limbo's puzzles felt out of place, in order for puzzles to be difficult they generally have to be complex, but complicated puzzle structures don't feel like a naturally occurring part of the world. The tradeoff is worth it to me, easier puzzles for a more cohesive world. The narrative is amazing and I won't spoil a bit of it because it's all beautifully presented and paced and you need to see it for yourself.8.5/10I took half a point off for a few small time waster segments, they don't last long at all though and are not a huge problem, but could have been executed in a way that doesn't drag out the game length. The other point is taken off because the endingneeded something a bit more to it to be satisfying. The ending sequence is absolutely incredible, but it crescendos without tying together all the questions and tension that it builds."
76561198101884844,Recommended,304430,24414093,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ben Stiller,This is one of the greatest games ever.  Period.
76561197969935817,Recommended,304430,24184475,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Yzzyx,Great game! 4 hour playthrough for me (with achivements) but well worth the money. Most fun I have in quite some time. The game is pretty dark and disgusting sometimes so if you are sensitive it might not be a game for you. ;-)
,Recommended,304430,24412053,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Alcohollo,Amazing story and design. 9/10
,Recommended,304430,24394438,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Wildt,"My homies from Playdead have done it again. Inside is as close to a perfect game I've ever had the pleasure to play.Inside extrapolates the concepts from Limbo into a whole different league of polished wonder. The visuals have skewed from cartoonish to realistish and it's just drop dead GORGEOUS. Phenomenal focused artwork.Where Limbo felt a little too much like a forced sequence of disconnected puzzles, Inside manages to make it all come together as a more naturally flowing homogenous experience.In short, I'm just blown away. Fans of Limbo MUST play this. My only subtle micro complaint is that just a *tad* more ambient music could've elevated the mood in some of the scenes even more.I recommend you put aside 5-6 hours and finish it in 1 sitting, in a dark room as close to a big screen as possible, with the AA turned up as high as your rig will allow without framerate dips.If you have any intention of getting the achievements, pay good attention to the yellow wires.I sincerely hope Playdead are working on a VR title, as it's simply the only way of bringing this concept to the next level - and these guys have shown so much talent, I'm sure they'll succeed.98%"
,Recommended,304430,24434798,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dean Dingus,"Finally, PlayDead's successor to the critically acclaimed LIMBO. I started up this game with high hopes due to how much I enjoyed LIMBO and I'm pleased to say they definitely smashed my expectations with INSIDE. Fantastically written storyline with great pacing, Beautifully created areas with plenty of well crafted puzzles and PLENTY of tense moments kept me on the edge of my seat and fully immersed throughout the journey. INSIDE should be completed in one sitting if possible to keep your precious immersion intact. I certainly would have enjoyed this less if I had completed it in 2 or 3 different sittings. An experience I won't soon forget. 9/10, Would certainly recommend playing through this."
76561198078663180,Recommended,304430,24435258,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,zerobit,Excellent!
76561198193905165,Recommended,304430,24433441,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Troll Your Enemy,A subtle dark comedic ride! Who is controlling who ? I loved every minute of inside! Cant wait to see whats next from PLaydead studios!
76561198037962857,Recommended,304430,24224374,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spicy Goodness,"Well, after beating the game in one playthrough and witnessing the secret ending, I have a few things to say.I would give this game a 7/10.I played Limbo when it first came out and I loved it. It had plenty of replay value for the achievements and the game was overall pretty challenging. However, I don't think INSIDE was nearly as good as its predecessor.The graphics and audio are fantastic. The controls are simple and intuitive. The story is interesting and kept me playing to try to understand it all. However, I did not find this game very difficult at all. No puzzle truly had me stumped. I wouldn't even go as far to call them puzzles. They all felt a little tedious. It just felt like a lot of backtracking. Is that a bad thing? It depends on what you expect going into it. I expected the game to be similar to Limbo in it's difficulty, but unfortunately for me it was nowhere near as challenging.The game is good, but not the greatest thing since sliced bread. It's definitely an experience worth checking out, but honestly I feel as though I would have gotten the same experience if I watched someone else play. I think the price is pretty fair considering it's only about 4-5 hours of gameplay, depending on how quickly you progress. But it's not really worth replaying.TLDR:Graphics, Audio = GreatStory = InterestingControls = Simple, IntuitivePuzzles = Weak, not challenging (Compared to Limbo)Price = FairNot much replayability7/10"
76561198063370086,Recommended,304430,24423864,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,ndw86,Am I the only person that doesn't rush through games? Took me just under 5 hours to complete.Even if this game was was only 2 to 3 hours long it would still be worth $20.
76561198102747785,Recommended,304430,26213001,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ra,a must play fir everyone
,Recommended,304430,26252583,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,actatexas,Beautiful and haunting.
76561197963917731,Recommended,304430,26591911,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rage,Everything Limbo was an plenty more. So. freaking. good.
,Recommended,304430,26689854,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Joppe,This game was so much better than Limbo. Simply a most play for anyone who enjoyes similar games like Journey or Brothers
76561198044923621,Recommended,304430,26704334,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SpenceBot,"Where to even begin...This game is just absolutely incredible. Amazing story, graphics, and gameplay. I can truly recommend this to anyone. One of the best games I've played in a long time."
76561197976149747,Recommended,304430,26740042,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Metcalfe,Masterpice.
,Recommended,304430,26771137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hOSHI,Wow!!What a nice way to give a LIMBO fan a new experience!Just PLAY this!
,Recommended,304430,26967517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sednal,Amazing.  I Highly reccomend a controller for it though.
,Recommended,304430,26969658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,julioantonaccio,distópico... e sombrio...
,Recommended,304430,26969878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eroq,"Worth the price of admission. If you liked Limbo, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,304430,27014208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phatcatholic,"You want to talk about the ""Whooaaa, dude!"" award? This game wins it. By the time you get to the end, you'll run out of exclamatory phrases for all of the ""Oh $h!it"" moments you will encounter in this game. A completely jaw-dropping experience. I loved it."
76561197976877930,Recommended,304430,27012345,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JeSTeR¬DuckTales WOO-ooo,"As simple as this game is, it pulls off some incredible feats. It is the most perfect (polished) game I have ever played through, and I am talking strongly about visuals and animation. Controls are very basic and overall nothing is fresh mechanically but it all looks so damn good, and it feels good doing it. I did feel my attention and momentum starting to waine towards the end, but the game ends in such a spectacular fashion.What are you waiting for if you are still waiting to play this one?"
76561198028516142,Recommended,304430,27012824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rkkrydom,"Even though this game is sort like Limbo, there are many things in the background and in gameplay that will stimulate your mind. You will always be questioning this game and trying to figure out what the game means. It's all in the mind. This is a very good game."
,Recommended,304430,27023763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,polats,Nominated it for a 'Whoooa Dude!' Award!
,Recommended,304430,27005488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Polonium Breathmint,"Great atmosphere, great puzzles, great interactivity, and the controls work very well.  I found myself smiling at some of the puzzles that were out there.  Finished in about 3 hours, but quite enjoyable as an experience.  Not sure if it's a highly replayable game."
,Recommended,304430,26778606,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krrunky,I have no idea what just happened but it was amazing.
,Recommended,304430,26785900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malle Makker,Amazing art style!
,Recommended,304430,24220485,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Holdfing,Beautiful and brilliant game. You'll have to decide for yourself if ~3 hours is worth a 20 though.Now with 100% less Denuvo!
76561198016738151,Recommended,304430,26870060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LackOfCTRL,"Brilliant story, for me worth the money!"
,Recommended,304430,26162290,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Katharsis,"Amazing game (10/10).""This is not just a game a piece of art!""I would definitely recommend.I nominated this game for THE “WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!” AWARD."
76561198018330534,Recommended,304430,26864585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JonnyNecrotic,"Wah hahah, Gross. I love it!"
,Recommended,304430,26864878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zvon,A nice short game that has a story that you probably won't understand/see at all unless you google it. But that won't matter because puzzle solving is fun and the visuals are astonnishing.
,Recommended,304430,26885454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aronktz,Its Just captivating. buy it.
,Recommended,304430,26883176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-(aaK)-Devrij,"If you liked Limbo, you'll like this. Sinister and threatening in that classically quiet and disturbing way. Loved it."
,Recommended,304430,26883465,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NeNe_NB,The one and only game where one win equals to two losses.I rate 120/100
,Recommended,304430,24237271,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,.::GumGumKing::.,Great and beautiful game. You can see for sure it is the maker of limbo there have made this game.Nothing more is needed just play the game ! :)
,Recommended,304430,26884431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Breadman,"This game is incredible.The atmosphere, and storytelling blew me away.I loved everything about it and after I beat it I just started from the beginning and played all the way through it again."
,Recommended,304430,24843318,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sir Shiv-a-Lot,"Overview/IntroInside is a dark platform/puzzle game developed by Playdead, the same developers of the classic dark platformer Limbo (if you are a fan of this game, you will love Inside). The game has you play as a small faceless boy running in a single direction similarly to Playdead's previous game, meanwhile solving a series of different problems and puzzles along the way, all of which seem to get darker and more disturbing as the game progresses.However, I would definitely recommend this game as the puzzles and the atmosphere are fantastic, the game also adds a kind of dark comedy to some of the events making them more memorable and entertaining, which I will not spoil in this review.GraphicsFirst off this game has great visual designs, even though the majority of the environments are mostly made from low contrasting colours such as grey and black, the game uses them in such a way to enhance the immersion of the experience. Also I love the fact that this game is in 3D unlike its predecessor limbo that was 2D, this makes the game stand out more, and also adds extra depth to some of the puzzles. The 3D also allows for game to show more detail in the background sections of the game, which are often the main storytelling mechanic of the game.I found the frame rates for this game were pretty great, when I ran the game at 60fps it would often play at around 55-60 with pretty much no delay through the entire game, and this is on a average HP laptop as I don't own a high range gaming desktop computer.Gameplay/MechanicsOverall the game is relatively simple with the protagonist just moving forward and solving any puzzles that get in his way. There are a few enemies in the game (some of which are actually pretty dark), which involve the player working out a way of dealing with. I must say the design of these characters and the ways in which the player must deal with them are pretty unique, and sometimes tense and terrifying.In terms of difficulty let’s just say you’re going to die... a lot!! (especially towards the ending sections of the game).This is up there with limbo in terms of high death counts, however I found it to be more forgiving and easier to complete when compared to its predecessor. Luckily the checkpoint system is really good and will often put you almost next to the spot where you made a mistake to try again, plus there are also checkpoint chapters throughout the entire game.Although you will be seeing a lot of child death during the journey, trust me on that, and some of the ways you can die in this game are pretty damn dark.The soundtrack for this game fits the overall tone very well, however there could stand to be a wider selection of music tracks or for the music to be better in general. However, the sound design for the protagonist and puzzles (e.g. jumping off floors, or moving boxes etc) are great.StoryIt is quite difficult to follow this story as there is no dialogue in the game at all, and the ending is pretty weird and left me with almost more questions that I had at the beginning, but the parts making up the game in-between kept me pretty captivated. Overall I liked its dark and oppressive atmosphere, with a few added dark comedic moments. The boy seriously goes through so much hell though, and if I was him I would have stopped literally after like chapter 2.I am not sure if there is another ending to the game if some actions are performed differently but the one I got was pretty confusing, however the game itself satisfied me in its gameplay and puzzle design.ConclusionOverall Inside is a great dark platformer with satisfying puzzles, gothic graphics, and a dark gothic atmosphere and story. The graphics look pretty good for an indie game, and the gameplay should keep most people entertained and happy for a short period of time. The story is quite average and sometimes confusing, but mainly fits the dark atmospheric style of the game and the Playdead in general perfectly.The game is quite short and should take the average recreational gamer around maybe 3-4 hours to complete (faster for experienced puzzle and platform gamers), with maybe an extra 30 minutes to an hour to find all the hidden secret artefacts (for which there are a few excellent guides on the community pages).PositivesGreat platforming gameplay.Decent puzzle design.Fantastic dark atmosphere and immersion.Beautiful 3D graphics, art and texture design.Satisfying progression moments. (e.g. beating some of the harder puzzles).NegativesSometimes confusing storyline & ending.Average soundtrack.Personal Rating = 7/10Award Nomination: ""Best use of a Farm Animal""I also nominated INSIDE for the “Best use of a Farm Animal” award for The Steam Awards, due to the unique use of the pig in one of the opening chapters, and the encounter being one of the only times to make me nearly jump out of my seat this year."
76561198003032768,Recommended,304430,26905088,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sauerbumbi,So lovely! Best Puzzle Game in years for me!
,Recommended,304430,26905313,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deranes,Nicely polished game and very intuitive interactions and levels.
,Recommended,304430,26835690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MSeven,"Main nominee for the ""Best animation of a child pulling a parasite from a pigs♥♥♥♥♥quot; award."
,Recommended,304430,26835061,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,adrians,One of the most atmoshperic games I have ever played. This game is not very short if you do 100% without help.
76561198059107783,Recommended,304430,26836023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NOSE,Art! A must-have
,Recommended,304430,26856850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toastender,It's good.
76561198035653737,Recommended,304430,24280072,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Didntseemecomin,"great game. even though it has a ""short play through time"" i did it in 4 hours or so. I still enjoyed it and was money well spent. No need to worry if its worth the purchase because it is."
76561198161218616,Recommended,304430,24280101,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PsychoUP,"Perfect followup to Limbo, this is every bit a masterpiece as that was, and even more so in some regards.The game looks absolutely beautiful, every frame is suitable enough for a screenshot, and can protray the the game's atmosphere perfectly.The game doesn't have a set narrative, as it is interpretive in nature. That being said, the games setpieces evoke a sense of intrigue, wonder, and danger as it unfolds. Even after immediately finishing a playthrough, you are immediately drawn back in.Simply put, buy the game. Experience it yourself."
76561198071365654,Recommended,304430,24285977,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cavegol,"Awesome, awesome game... until the disappointing and abrupt ending. It just feels like if the developers didn't know how to solve the mystery they created. Still, great experience."
,Recommended,304430,24286724,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kugleburg,"Good game, great even, but incredibly over-hyped. People have been saying it's a 10/10 game of the year contender, and while I'd say it was a good game, it's also given me no reason to return and replay it again. Without spoiling anything I felt like the story became a bit predictable towards the last half of the game and while there were some cool reveals nothing seemed to have the same impact on me that so many reviewers had. Solid 7/10 and I'd recommend you play it if you liked Limbo, or other puzzle platformers in general."
,Recommended,304430,24287030,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Madbarron,"Fantastic atmospheric platformer. Best animation I've ever seen in a videogame.Game is pretty straightforward, not too challenging. Short, but I was happy with the length. Not appropriate for children."
76561198102212355,Recommended,304430,24287088,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,StayCalmAndBeTheChosenOne,"I didn't play limbo be4. But i decide to have this game in my library after watched the gameplay for first 10 minutes. Very surprising good. Nice puzzle design. everything is fine just the gaming length too short (about 4 hours ). Luckily the cost is not too high. U can assume you have watched 2 movie in cinema with the cost. Thus, recommand to get it if you would like to have different experience from other game."
76561197970774874,Recommended,304430,24283342,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Deluxius,"The atmosphere. It invokes the same feeling when I was a young kid (a long time ago) when there were no computergames but just dark fairytale books which I spent hours reading. This game is beautiful and a pure work of art. Stop reading this review, go buy it. This must be in your library."
,Recommended,304430,24288013,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,genericcoyote,"Probably the most immersive game I've ever played.Haunting and intriguing to the end.An amazing follow up to LIMBO with puzzles that are so clever and rewarding to complete.Aesthetics: Every shadow and spec of dust is purposely implemented to create a living environment.Sound: Compliments the gameplay perfectly, loud when it needs to be but also silent, creating chilling suspenseLength: Having heard this game was only 3 hours long I thought I might be a little dissappointed, but after playing I was extremely satisfied with the length, it was perfect (Plus you do have the added replay value of going for the achievements). Each puzzle theme is explored to such an exact extent that it actually makes the world more believable, and none of the challenges overstay their welcome.Overall an amazing experience, highly reccommend. You know a game is good when you feel like you are playing through an animated film the entire time. The game is so fluent that you can barely tell it is one."
,Recommended,304430,24286728,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Hu Jintao,What the heck
,Recommended,304430,24288214,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,KenReels,By far one of the best games I've played this year. INSIDE is game of the year material. I will not say anything more except play it. If you've played Limbo this will give you exactly the same type of experience. Only you will come up with your own theories as the game goes on. Just play it. You won't regret it.
76561198080517938,Recommended,304430,24288706,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Snoogykin,"Amazing game, if you've played LIMBO you will love INSIDE. I've already replayed it and had friends and family play it as well! Same game play as LIMBO and the artwork/design is stunning! I absolutely love how smooth and realistic the characer moves around. The only complaint I have with this game is I think it is too expensive for such a short game. I beat it in about three hours. Im still happy I bought it but wish it was cheaper or longer."
76561198127185087,Recommended,304430,24361963,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Knight Solaire,"this is a very fun game.it really gets you thinking things like""what happened to this world"". it is about 6 hours give or take an hour if you are decent a puzzle games.i was entertained the entire time and although the is not a word spoken,the world you traverse tells a whole story."
76561198003596091,Recommended,304430,24361989,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,xLordofmolotov,"Creepy, atmospheric, beautiful, haunting puzzle platformer that doesn't frustrate. Utterly mental ending, lots of questions completely unanswered. Downside - little replay value, and probably doesn't represent the world's best value for money option."
,Recommended,304430,24365129,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Geekanomicon,"Here, again, is proof that I can enjoy other's experiences with a game and then want it enough to experience it myself. It tis a game with everything: art, music, and story. And again, like Journey and Brothers, here is a game without a single bit of verbal of text dialogue. Yet, it conveys atmosphere and leaves the mind wandering to interpret what is going on. Last year I made sure as many people as I could played Undertale. This year (2016) it's Inside."
,Recommended,304430,24202158,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Durrdiss,"Delightfully insane. Crazily weird. All in a good way.I don't want to say more, because this is something worth experiencing on your own. Do it. Now."
76561198006405831,Recommended,304430,27063978,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kirennian,"Badge review... fantastic game, fully deserves its current overwhelmingly positive review score.  If only every game was as polished as this."
76561198044122858,Recommended,304430,27066334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☭ cethiN ☭,If you played Limbo you will most certainly like this game.
76561198022330965,Recommended,304430,27066734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tommy.172,"Inside is one of the most immersive and unsettling experiences that I have ever played.  There is a sense of mystery that keeps on going throughout the game, and I feel that there are enough pieces to allow people to come up with their own conclusions.  It's a joy discovering the strange and dangeroes situations that our poor protagonist finds himself in.  The puzzles aren't very tricky, but I see it as a good thing, since being frustrated in a game that is about the experience would probably spoil it.It took me about 3 hours to complete in my first playthrough, but this felt like the perfect length for this game.  Everything about the game (visuals, sound, setting, animation, etc.) come together to make something that you'll be thinking about long after completion."
,Recommended,304430,26920307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adamnation,I like the new mechanics
,Recommended,304430,26920365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wonzo,Subversive as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,304430,26918601,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Restricankilter,"This game took a very intense and spontaneous twist at the end and is definitely worth a playthrough. Quick, great art, great sound, great story."
,Recommended,304430,26893854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[SR]thelsdj,"This game does everything right in terms of design, teaching the player, having a nuanced take on an important subject. And it's fun to play!"
,Recommended,304430,26891630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nolan,"Inside is like an unpredictable dream, that always leaves you amazed and/or frightened. Inside is visually stunning, and well animated. It has a great soundtrack and a well thought out captivating story.The game is short though, it may only take some players 3-5 hours to complete. Some may think they won't get their money's worth, but to me it was worth every penny. Inside is my game of the year."
,Recommended,304430,26921584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PuntiTV -,"Very good game!If you liked the game Limboo, then i can assure you that you will like this game.I used 4 hours on it and it was all worth it.Really recommend it!"
,Recommended,304430,26922564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mogar,"Fantastic follow up to limbo, great one off exprience."
,Recommended,304430,26727315,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jboliunntt,"Are you an adventurous spirit beholden to responsibilities? Have you always wanted to trip acid, but life simply would not permit? Then this is the product you've been looking to find! While it may not be the best simulation of tripping acid, it certainly provides some insite into what a mind on acid is capable of doing! From the designers to the product testers, nobody involved in the creation of this game had an ounce of sobriety. And their dedication to illicit substances has certainly paid off!I played the entire game in two sittings. Top to bottom, this was a phenomenal experience. The visuals were simplistically stunning. I truly could not look away. However, they were not ""in your face"" or ""over the top."" They were subtle yet intricate. The music and sound... Wait... Was there music? What in the world did I just listen to all night? I was paying very close attention to the sound the entire time I played, but I can't remember what I heard for the life of me. Was there guitar? Drums? I have no idea, but it was excellent. The story line was very novel and interesting. Although, to call it a storyline would be a stretch. The game heads a certain direction, but don't ask me what direction it went. The gameplay itself was exceptional. Again, very simple but in no way lacking. For fear of spoiling, I won't discuss any other elements of the game. It would be a challenge to discuss much else without spoiling some element. You will know exactly what I mean when you play the game.It was absolutely worth buying. I would love to play it again. However, I will refrain from doing so for fear of entering a catatonic state. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go look at myself in the mirror for the rest of the night."
,Recommended,304430,24482218,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AYKO,Another great game from the masterminds behind Limbo. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,304430,26862634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PlasmaChemist,"I've nominated this game for the ""Best use of a Farm Animal"" award because of the numerous instances of a farm animal which I will not mention because it might be a spoiler.  Maybe a cow.  Maybe a goat.  Maybe a chicken.  Perhaps a sentient spider that leaves cryptic messages in its webbing... oh, that might have been a spoiler for something else entirely..."
,Recommended,304430,24832601,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Decompiled,"When people talk or argue about games being art they are referring to games like Inside. Visually it is very artistic, many of the screenshots would make wonderful desktop backgrounds, the gameplay is simple, the puzzles are finely crafted and the story is revealed slowly over the course of the game with many elements being left open to interpretation. I don't believe that being artistic makes something art as it was designed with a purpose and compromises were made for it to be sold as a product. Inside isn't art; It doesn't exist only as itself or in a gallery to be appreciated as art. But it is an amazing game that everybody wrestling with this argument should play. If you like your games short and sweet, this is an amazing find. I can also recommend Playdead's other game Limbo.5/5"
,Recommended,304430,24866133,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sin,"Short and sweet, took about 3 hours to finish.Exceptionally well done visually and atmospherically, however the ending is very strange and confusing (either ending).I wish it was a little more difficult at times and that was more of an explaination of the overall story.  The game didn't feel over when i was done, however it's hard to not recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,304430,24765866,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,kronb,dang this gud
,Recommended,304430,24765926,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TechnoProdigy,"Great game, but it's extremely short (less than two hours long) and has no replayability.Playdead makes some good games but they really need to work on making them longer."
,Recommended,304430,24776075,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,whenstorytellersplaygames,"Inside is a true gem. A wonderful art game open for interpretation. For us, we feel that the game puzzles and artwork talks about the dark side of humanity. The game has creative puzzles, beautiful artwork, and a deep meaning to it's art. Has some replay value because of multiple endings and secret passages.Game & Plot Review"
,Recommended,304430,24761964,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Wrath of Tron,"Stop reading reviews. Just drop everything you're doing and purchase this game right now. Honestly, that's all you need to know.There are only a handful of games in my lifetime that have left such a jaw-dropping impression on me, and Inside is definitely one of them. I have massive respect for Playdead, because they obviously care about their work to a painstaking degree. The amount of detail in this game is incredible. Every move, every second, every frame is packed with an absurd amount of detail that bring the game's world to life in ways that I've honestly never experienced.I can go on for days about my experience, and I will.Yes there are reviews that think $20 is too steep a price to pay for a 3 hour playthrough. I don't know why gaming always get's this unfair criticism. People will pay $15 to see a garbage studio film in 3D and not say a word, but complain when they pay the same price for an even more emersive experience that (in this case) is a work of art and a labor of love. Jesus, get some perspective.Long story short, just play it. Let's all hope Inside is the template that developers will to hold themselves to in the future.10/10"
76561198121583330,Recommended,304430,24761270,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Tackie Wackie,10/10
,Recommended,304430,24766541,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mr. White,"Perfectly executed. Not to often that games freak me out, but this one does. Great atmosphere, and really tight controls.If you liked Limbo, this game surpasses it in every way and is an fantastic followup."
,Recommended,304430,24768305,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Agnoka,"One of the very best games of 2016. Thank you, Playdead! Give us more!!!"
76561198076288815,Recommended,304430,24769834,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,✪lgn,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198042375567,Recommended,304430,24770703,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Alasco,"Pure Gold. If you enjoyed LIMBO I highly recommend this game. It's another game just like LIMBO in my perspective, a small Indie title that doesn't get anywhere near as much credit or the attention it deserves."
,Recommended,304430,25388396,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Krush,This is so great! Thank you for making this Playdead.
,Recommended,304430,25388689,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TheBlackClaw,nice game
,Recommended,304430,25387525,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,A Giraffe,I cant really explain why i liked this game so much....it only took me about 4 hours to beat it....but i loved the art style and the emotional connection i had with the kid you play as and the other npcs in the gamehighly recommend people atleast try this one out
,Recommended,304430,25401983,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Aristocrat,You see you fools. YOU SEE WHAT YOUR PRECIOUS SCIENCE HAS WROUGHT YOU!
,Recommended,304430,25472671,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,amateurgod,"creative, gorgeous and very disturbing."
,Recommended,304430,25435845,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Your Friendly Local 9-Eleven,Engages emotions beautifully
76561198150046738,Recommended,304430,25436126,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,stinky,worth every penny
,Recommended,304430,25449446,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,shutuptilly,"Hauntingly beautiful and probably the most well animated game I've ever played.It's so simple, yet very immersing. 10 out of 10 any day of the week!"
76561198071967865,Recommended,304430,25445408,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TheSafeOne,"Best. Experience. Ever.Seriously. I am the individual who is somewhat dissatisfied with any game out here, but INSIDE blew my mind completely. Ultra-polished gameplay with gorgeous aesthetics and animations. Wow. Just WOW."
76561197963553563,Recommended,304430,25432376,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bubble Bobble,Piece of art but expensive one.
,Recommended,304430,25459702,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,n0rr3c,"+++ dark theme & mood+++ visuals+++ sound design+++ detailed, perfectly handcrafted levels++ simplicity and minimalism-- easy- short- price (for some, personally I don't mind)9.5/10 must-play masterpiece =;]"
,Recommended,304430,25458540,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,smashouille,"YES ! Amazing experience !It is visually beautiful.The gameplay is simple and perfect.The animation is fantastic.The story is weird and cool at the same time.That's one of this game which leaves you with a strong feeling once you finish it (mine is confused actually, but that's interesting !).Totally worth the price even if it's short."
76561198028508981,Recommended,304430,25434132,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,snmatan,Great game!
,Recommended,304430,25469090,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mosh,"Beautiful setting, animations and lighting. This definitely feels like a step-up from Limbo. While at first I thought it felt too similar to Limbo gameplay-wise, I find Inside does a fantastic job weaving narrative into gameplay as well as bringing the dark and creepy undertones that Playdead is known for."
,Recommended,304430,26652300,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Virex ♛,Stop playing outside and go play INSIDE.(:
76561197961202905,Recommended,304430,26735760,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Laz2k,Quite simply a stunning expieriance. For such a simple game to turn into one of the most enjoyable and atmospheric games ive ever played. 10/10  Although my only gripe with it is its left me screaming for more. More content or a sequal!!
,Recommended,304430,26733057,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mothy,"This game is just perfect from all aspects [ Sound , ART , gameplay ...] it immerses you ! yes it was short , but it was incredibly fun...I was just trying the game on my TV screen to check whether it would look good , I moved the character a bit and baaam ! played for 4 hours and finished the game as I could'nt stop , started at 1am , finished at 4am and I had to go to work in 2 hours lol .. I wanted to see more and I wasn't disappointed by the ending as it was one hell of a fun ride :D !One last note , seeing this game nominated as GOTY next to big games , tells you alot ! it's an indie guys !!"
,Recommended,304430,26794820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,0x4B1D,Mermaids are evil!
76561197980424537,Recommended,304430,26809634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DakkoN,Just brilliant!
76561198092157353,Recommended,304430,24702046,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Faisal88,GAME OF THE YEAR
,Recommended,304430,24681820,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FatHeadedNoob,"Well lets get straight into it shall we. This has to be one of the best games I streamed this year. It is amazingly beautiful, atmospheric and playable with a few moments of wtf in this wonderous game. The only thing I disliked was it is a short game, but remember, there are two endings I wont tell you how you get them just there are so it has playability. For the measley price of 22 bucks canadian get it especially if you like limbo. I will be getting more into this review malarky especially for games that need to have you take a look. I would definately reccommend to a friend or not a friend, get it now."
76561198002537592,Recommended,304430,24683131,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,LordKevin,"Oh my god, this game is so short but so sweet. I really wish it was longer just because I didnt want it to end. It was amazing and the animation through the game was top notch. Although the graphics are simple, they do not skimp on the details when it comes to lighting and composition.This game is amazing and captures you with awe and wonder your first time around through mystery and darkness.9/10 (only reason its not 10/10 is because i thought the ending could be improved)"
,Recommended,304430,24683420,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Nazdrag,Best indie game I ever played!
,Recommended,304430,25046256,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Axe Raider,"Absolutely amazing. The puzzle design in this game gives Portal 2 a run for its money...it's that good. The atmosphere, the ambience, the narrative, and the pacing are all 10/10."
,Recommended,304430,25091476,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,papsphilip,"amazing game! amazing concept and gradual storytelling throughout the game. as you play you aqcuire more and more information on what happened and whats going on through subtle innunedos and clues...its a mystery! i really enjoyed it,really atmospheric, amazing sound and lighting gives you the creeps.But it was too short and lots of questions remained unexplored. i wont say unanswered because maybe thats better, but i would love to explore more of this world gone wrong, the people behind it, its history and more of its machines and monstrosities. for me this game is a work of art, like Machinarium or Limbo you want to pause and admire the work and then unpause to admire the story!!"
,Recommended,304430,25125015,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MapRoom,"This is one of my top games of all time. Beautiful and philosophical. It gets real weird. Great successor to LIMBO, which I also really loved."
,Recommended,304430,25062136,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,shuckedupfit,Playing it now- great game so far!
76561197970584742,Recommended,304430,24848000,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Subutex,"Great atmosphere, beautiful scenery, superb game mechanics.I really enjoyed this fresh take on the sidescroller genre."
76561197993268449,Recommended,304430,24848310,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,vama89,"First of all I'm a huge fan of Limbo, so let me just get my bias out of the way. Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥is this game awesome, especially the ending. I think what gives this game 2 thumbs way up is the simplicity of the thing. Movement and an action button. That's it! It's short and sweet, but god damn is playing through beginning to end worth it. Those last few minutes are ♥♥♥♥ing insane. I don't want to give any spoilers, but wow...just wow.#hailPlaydead"
76561197983567795,Recommended,304430,24919956,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Wild Samich,Loved Limbo. Love this.They built an amazing atmosphere. It's amazing how much of a story this game tells without using any words. $20 for this seems completely fair to me based on the quality of this game.
76561198112506507,Recommended,304430,24904936,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CharliesHead,If you love puzzle platformer games you'll have fun with Inside but only for about 3 hours. So depending on how much free time you have you'll easily beat this game in one go.
76561198002631766,Recommended,304430,24904981,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,srslyshinobi,This unbelievably beautiful game is a piece of pure genius.Incredibly simple to play and rewarding every step you take.It's like the Iron Giant and Stranger Things mixed together with no dialogue - with a scintilating soundtrack that compliments moments of game play just like a movie.This is a must buy - within the first 2 minutes you will not be disappointed.
,Recommended,304430,24905609,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Uncle Dick,"This game is pret- OH MY GOD, WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR FACE?"
,Recommended,304430,24906196,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,heavy_pulse,"Story: 10/10 - I haven't completed the game yet, however so far the story has got me hooked to the game and I am on the edge of my seat anticipating what will happen next.Graphics 9/10 - The graphics were great! The dark and moody textures combines with the great graphics to give a suspenseful atmosphere.Gameplay 9/10 - Gameplay was great. Everything is on a set track, but it doesn't need 3D control because the game is about solving puzzles which are difficult to solve even with these controls.Sound 8/10 - There wasn't any music in the game, instead the sound effects really emphasise the feeling of being alone which is excellent. Occasionally when something suspenseful happens the game plays a sound effect which is unnerving and makes the player feel uncomfortable. Great job.Overall 36/40 - VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
76561198092183091,Recommended,304430,24497675,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mynameisrabbit,"This game gives the word ""inside"" a new meaning. Kafka would have been proud. 11/10"
76561197968317090,Recommended,304430,25172933,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Synapse,Amazing game! The enviornment and game mechanics are truly amazing to witness.
76561198051873499,Recommended,304430,25170333,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,josh.jhanson,Wow.
,Recommended,304430,25165207,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Anixsson,6/6
76561197970133179,Recommended,304430,24568891,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,agent6488,"Mostly interesting small and multi-room puzzles, a few with obtuse elements. Some situations seemed like there were object-grabbing or traversal options that might be a way out, but weren’t interactable. Would have liked an option to widen/move the view in some areas. Encountered a handful of gotcha moments.Favorite elements were working with the automatons, and luring dangerous creatures around.Exploration a little hampered by slow movement and looming death from drops or drowning.Great atmosphere.Unspeakably strange ending."
,Recommended,304430,24562134,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Uzut3kis,"Amazing. Pure audio-visual experience like no other. I just can't put it away, although as in Limbo, the atmosphere of everything being asleep is around but it still makes you loose hours of your day or night. No idea how much creativity and ideas people that create such games have but I tip my hat to them. As an amazing book or a great movie this game takes me away and I forget where I am, what I'm doing and why is my soup burnt."
,Recommended,304430,24569461,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Graycor Satoru,"An absolutely stellar and superior spiritual sucessor to LIMBO. With extremely fluid animation, crystal clear sound effects, captivating visuals and the need to escape a bleak dystopian world; INSIDE ticks all my boxes for what a modern side scroller should aim for.I suffered no bugs and the puzzles within were not to difficult to distract from actually playing the game. It took me 3.5 hours to complete and do thoroughly reccomend this for anyone who can enjoy a atmospheric side scroller with no combat."
76561198057082578,Recommended,304430,24569699,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,TheNibba-Nator,"Inside is the follow-up to Limbo, coming from the same company. 2.5D Platformer with heavy puzzle elements.It's a really great game with a beautiful art style and feel to it. It's just a tad short, and exactly like Limbo, makes little to no sense in the long run. All in all, I think I'd say to wait for a sale, or if you just REALLY have nothing else to spend your $20 on, go ahead and pick this up."
76561198136568837,Recommended,304430,24570074,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TIT/\N,Much wowSo amazaeGr8 Ending
,Recommended,304430,24577815,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,drace,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing .
76561198067393128,Recommended,304430,24549794,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Robert Shmurda,Not sure what I just did but I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,304430,24553024,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,sp*♚,phenomenal.
,Recommended,304430,24583417,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,CVZΛHN,"I would highly recommend this game, It was ambient, thrilling and had such an atmospheric feeling all the way through. Although I completed the game in one day, INSIDE left many questions unanswered. I will be playing it through one more time very soon, to try to grasp the story more thoroughly."
,Recommended,304430,25737264,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,bartman.wiktor,This is a masterpiece of game art.
76561198205166575,Recommended,304430,25610556,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Griffioener,"Really nice game !! End of the game was a bit weird, but it suprised me."
,Recommended,304430,25615303,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,CrazyMikeComics,"Absolutely beautiful. I really enjoyed this game and there’s not much I can negatively say about it.The controls are great, the puzzles are interesting, the animations are fluid, the scenery and music are immersive. And the story… well I’ll let you experience that for yourself."
76561198084881775,Recommended,304430,25556422,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,happyhappysundays,I absolutely LOVED this game. Kudos to the developers. It's brilliantly executed.
,Recommended,304430,25622632,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,christopher_aaby,"The things you will experience and get to see and do in this game... you can complete it in a day, but you won't forget it for a long time."
76561197970800104,Recommended,304430,24503038,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CAL9000,"INSIDE is a spiritual successor to LIMBO that's equally as impressive as its predecessor.Unlike LIMBO - which used silhouettes to create interesting gameplay scenarios - INSIDE makes clever use of it's angled camera to introduce a variety of fresh gameplay and story ideas. The graphics are simple yet stunning and Playdead has created an incredible sense of scale and isolation. The animations are superb - especially on the boy - and the muted colour scheme aptly fits the dystopian setting and narrative. In terms of story, the world feels much deeper than LIMBO and there's alot going on in the background to keep an eye out for.Like LIMBO, the gameplay consists of physics-based puzzles and avoiding numerous means of death: ranging from hilarious to disturbing. The audio is simple yet foreboding with distant sounds giving clues to immediate hazards and upcoming challenges.My only gripe is the game is a little short; however, there's not much filler in here and there's also the possibility of searching for secrets to unlock a second ending so that should give enough reason to play through again.Highly recommended for fans of LIMBO or other platform/puzzle games."
76561198004225502,Recommended,304430,24623817,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GeneralBonobo,Probably one of the weirdest games I've ever played. Very immersive and thought provoking even though there is absolutely no dialogue in this game.
,Recommended,304430,24624128,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,sophia,"I'm pretty sure the studio that created this game didn't have a ""official"" version of the story, they just put a lot of things together to blow the player's mind"
76561197986309689,Recommended,304430,24629181,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Red lasers cant melt steel beams,One of the most beautiful games I've ever played.
,Recommended,304430,24629442,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,smileysil,"Oh, my. I just finished the game and all I can say is, wow.This is one of those rare games I would recommend purely on the basis of its atmosphere, visuals and it's abstract storytelling. That is not to say it is mechanically deficient the puzzle/platforming are solid (Not as great or challenging as Limbo though).The first ten minutes of the game had me worried, because of the stealth-speed-stealth-speed flow, beyond that the pacing felt perfect.Some people will complain about the length of the game but this game avoids unnecessary padding and I never felt frustrated/irritated during my playthrough. I value games by the quality of entertainment on offer rather than hours. If your purchasing decisions are made by dollars/minute then you probably should hold off and buy this during a sale.The ending of the game is a little bizarre and open to interpretation, I'm sure it'll be fun to listen/read multiple fan theories that'll emerge from this.Cons? My only gripe is that the puzzles and the game, in general, is not very challenging. In my first playthrough of Limbo I probably died at least thrice as many times as I did in this game. It also lacks some of the dark humour that made Limbo a lot of fun to both play and spectate.--------All in all, If Limbo was a dark reimagining of Mario, this feels like a very grim version of Journey (in terms of atmosphere rather than gameplay).9/10"
76561198013280884,Recommended,304430,24218965,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Salokin,"This game is amazing. It took my 5 and a half hours to complete it...and I did it in one sitting. I didn't realize so much time was passing. That's a little taste to let you know how good this game really is. I actually posted a video impressions video on it! In Summary, go and buy this!Video Impression:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JmIdYhI34A&feature=youtu.be"
76561198001046216,Recommended,304430,24218997,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"A great, dark-atmospheric platformer in the vein of Limbo (and by the same guys) which builds upon and transcends its predecessor in almost every way. 9/10 overall. Get this.Pros:> Very unique bleak-cinematic visual style with incredibly smooth animations and transitions> Carefully detailed environments> Tight controls> Intriguing story (much moreso than Limbo)> Well-designed checkpoint system> Sound is very well matched with the environmentCons:< Not a particularly long game (~4 hours)< Some puzzles could be slightly more challenging"
76561198316015509,Recommended,304430,24219005,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Showzab,"""the Inside"" takes you to the deepest moments of lonelyness. and because of the honorable background music and perfect audio effects you will feel the moment with your bones. and the story and gameplay just makes you have pure fun for 4 hours. and try to find all achievements to test your awareness. you can't find all of them. Ha Ha. but i did. thanks ""PlayDead's  Inside"". As perfect as ""Limbo""."
,Recommended,304430,24219131,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dr. PHP [PHD],Hah-hah!  Just finished my first playthrough.  Takes gameplay concepts from Limbo on a several-hour-long journey through a whole new richly realized world!   Buy this one-you're in for a treat full of unexpected surprises.
76561198020786797,Recommended,304430,24219217,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dank Souls,Good game. :)
,Recommended,304430,24219277,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lorna,"I feel conflicted, this might be better than Limbo!"
,Recommended,304430,24220931,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Taverner,Really far out
76561197970601334,Recommended,304430,24221434,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,the_mq,"just buy it. seriously. youre reading this review, right? just buy it. these devs deserve your $$$"
76561198041552159,Recommended,304430,24221444,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SpaceMun,10/10 scared and interested. Beautiful. Cool. I love it.
,Recommended,304430,24213973,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bolaum,Itreallymade me feel being part of a community.12/10
76561198325396699,Recommended,304430,25594943,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,james.d.hutton,"There is a wonderful haunting atmosphere in this game. When you die -- by getting savaged by dogs, choked, or dragged underwater by a mysterious pale creature -- it's literally spine-tingling. My spine actually tingled. The puzzles are great: challenging, but not overly hard so you never get stuck for too long. And the ending is really extraordinary."
,Recommended,304430,25569164,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BrorSnor,"Very atmospheric and nice looking game. I found it pretty easy, focusing more on momentum of the story than hard puzzles and gameplay. Good controls. I had no crashes and no bugs as far as I could tell."
,Recommended,304430,26122133,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,derrderrderr,"INSIDE is relatively short to play through (3 hours to go through to the end maybe?), however if you're into:- Dark Dystopian atmosphere- Puzzle/platforming- Some more cryptic (hidden) puzzles to hunt for post game perhaps- minimal stylised art style / arty subcontextThis makes a good weekened or long evening game.------------------------------------INSIDE has a lot in common with its predecessor: LIMBO, as it's a Puzzle-platformer using a simple, stylised art style and excellent use of sound to create a dark, gloomy atmosphere, so you can draw a lot of comparisons to it, but it's certainly excellent progress on what LIMBO achieved.INSIDE maintains a simplified art style, but there is a lot of detail on display with some excellent, water and lighting and some fantastic animation.While everything has to be discovered by experimenting (there's no on screen tutorial, prompting or speech), most concepts should come intuitively if you experiment.It's worth noting I played this with a controller (xbox 360) as this felt like the most intuitive input.In comparison to LIMBO the puzzling and platforming difficulty feels like it has been pitched at a better level, allowing a challenging but not impossible game to complete, while leaving enough of a challenge for completionists (tip if you want to avoid walkthroughs for collectables and want to figure it out on your own - the achievement names/descriptions are nice cryptic hints)."
,Recommended,304430,26126115,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pistol Pete,Beautiful experience. Played this right after LIMBO and was not dissapointed at all
,Recommended,304430,26151572,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,callumnightingale2,This game's beautiful atmosphere and dark perspective creates a confusing yet enjoyable experence. With interesting characters despite them having no dialogue of facial features. 8/10 mainly because it is a bit short.
,Recommended,304430,25969835,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,¨Solenya,"Bizarrely beautiful game. Thoughtful, challenging and captivating. Remember to take your time to explore and dont rush through it.... Unless youre being chased by dogs."
,Recommended,304430,24245343,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,kitcho,"Highly polished atmospheric platformer with well-designed puzzles. Puzzles never feel unfair, and always give you just enough to work with to succeed after a little bit of trial and error."
76561198019136969,Recommended,304430,24245416,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Great Justice,"Fantastic sound and visuals. Inside surprised me over and over again. Phenomenal attention to detail. Even the simplest of puzzles (such as a sequence that requires you to run, then stop momentarily, then run again) are executed so beautifully they are captivating to play. Puzzles are quite varied so it never feels repetitive, which is very good given the somewhat short playtime (about 6 hours). On one occasion I got momentarily stuck because I didn't realize part of the puzzle wasn't just part of the background- but I consider this only a minor complaint.An absolutely astounding evolution of Playdead's previous game, LIMBO. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304430,24245449,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BrothersINC,"This was one of the most emotionally affecting, perfectly crafted experiences I've ever played. I know that sounds like a tall tale, but it's one of those games you just have to play to understand. If it's not for you, that's totally fine - it's a bit of a slow burn, but there are moments and puzzles that send chills down your spine, and often.Please play this game."
,Recommended,304430,24245516,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Grape-Lookin' Slut,Excellent atmospheric puzzle-platformer with gorgeous art that is not afraid to be completely dark bizarre. This is a must-play.
76561198182745838,Recommended,304430,24202536,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RSO,That is why I bought my PC....
76561198142423674,Recommended,304430,24246027,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HououinKyouma,"This game is really good.  I know some people looked at this and thought ""oh look another Limbo"" but this game blows Limbo away in just about every aspect. I just wish it were longer."
76561198031101338,Recommended,304430,24243271,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cnygamer,"Well, that just happened.Inside is definitely a different experience.  I think it's worth a play through, but it's not worth $20, pick it up when it's on sale; I solved it in just over 6 hours of play and some of that was on the pause menu.  It has some cool puzzles and some of it takes a little to figure out, but overall the game is fairly easy.  There seems to be some secrets and I will probably play it a 2nd time to try and find all of them.Probably the best part of it is the story and the feeling of dread you get at times, also the feeling of wondering what this all means, but sadly you never find out and the ending leaves me longing for more with no ability to get more."
76561198008173993,Recommended,304430,24243445,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vanhorts,Amazing.
76561197962389820,Recommended,304430,24242620,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Al-x,"After playing only 2 minutes of this game i know I am going to savour every second of this masterpiece. The attention to detail is incredible. Its the same feeling I got experiencing Another World for the first time oh so long ago. I will be taking my time with this one.If your a LIMBO fan, get it now."
,Recommended,304430,24242695,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Neomass1,"Amazing game, gripping right until the end. Disappointing ending really ruined it all for me. Maybe it wont for you but your going to be left with more questions then answers. I'll recommend it but for $20 bucks for a few hours of game play and a sour ending experience you may want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,304430,24242783,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bratwurst,"Awesome, eerie, weird end."
76561197970357229,Recommended,304430,24236925,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Serrasalmus,"Well, what can I say.Fantastic little game, didnt want it to end.Beautiful graphics...amazing little touches that just add so much atomosphere.One of the nicest gaming experiences for a LONG LONG time, wont forget this game and would play through again.Dont hesitate, this an amazing game....just the right difficulty, some good puzzles and very simple controls.Wonderful !"
,Recommended,304430,24237183,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,periurban,"One of the very best games I've ever played - charming, engaging, grossly weird at points - but always captivating.The rest of this is SPOILERS.SPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERSI think the character is clearly not running from something, but towards something. The game is called INSIDE because the boy wants to be part of the creature.The mermaid creature, far from trying to hurt the boy, was actually trying to help him.The scientists also help, being fascinated to see what the ""blob"" can do now it has our hero inside it!In the alternative ending, down the pit in the corn field, you are destroying the power to the machine that keeps the blob alive.I reckon the sequel should pick up right where the blob lies in the sunlight, and it should be called OUTSIDE. In it, the blob attempts to become what the scientists designed it to be"
76561198025049519,Recommended,304430,24237220,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,tryond,10/10 Amazing
76561198275193126,Recommended,304430,24244043,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,igrec,"I am completely floored by this game... If you liked their first game Limbo, this.... this surpasses it 100 times over. some of the sequences were the most beautiful combinations of visual and audio design I have ever seen.. everything is just perfect... buy this game, buy shares of Playdead. I cannot wait for their next project.Imagine if Kentucky Route 0 was a puzzle-oriented sidescroller within a damp abandoned industrial landscape (I love KR0, play Inside and you'll know what I mean)...the visuals are... im not very good with complicated words but visual and audio ""onomatopoeia"" and ""phenomenological"" would be the ones I would try to use in this case... the sand on the beach IS the cold wet late summer night sand, you just feel it with your feet... the water (MY GOD THE WATER) is repainted from your memory when that one time you've sneaked into an old factory when you were a kid and watched autumn leaves drown deeper into some rusty industrial flooded shaft... And it's all achieved through an elegant low-poly minimalistic style. Can't recomend enough."
,Recommended,304430,24244738,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Wasteland Mage,"There are alot of video games out there, that's for sure. However, there are very few games that can draw you in and make you feel so many emotions and leave you with an unforgettable experience. Playdead has created a masterpiece not seen since Journey. Haunting is one word used to describe this game. Do yourself a favor and play this NOW"
,Recommended,304430,24244900,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Heropon,"INSIDE is a masterpiece, but only if you are willing to pay $20 for a short game."
,Recommended,304430,24245251,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Muja,"Hands down, best videogame in 2016."
76561198084611225,Recommended,304430,24245272,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,VotingChipmunk,"Oh what to say... this game is simply the greatest game I have played in a couple months. There is so many great things to say about this game.The physics are Top Quality, everything acts as the way it should if it happened in the real world.The MC's movement is very believable. His actions when falling a little too far, resulting in a roll forward is so fluid.For a Unity Game, it looks phenomenal.The story... oh my god is it ever confusing. At least at first. The ending was the most confusing and disappointing. I have heard of a secret ending that requires you to find 13 things or something, but I haven't done that yet.Also to note, there is an underwater part that literally made me jump, only time I jumped in the game. You'll recognize it when you see it.Overall, I wouldn't quite say it's worth the $19.99. It's just simply too short to justify it. What I'd pay for at most would be 10 bucks. That doesn't mean the game is bad in anyway.My final rating for this game, is a 9/10."
,Recommended,304430,24245287,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RTContent,"I don't usually post my thoughts about a game, but I feel compelled to do so after finishing 'INSIDE'. There's not much which can be said without spoiling what makes this game so great and unique. I can say that between the world class animation, lighting and sound design, this game certainly earned it's rank to be one of my new favorites of all time.If you're a fan of dark, twisted and mysterious themes. Just play it and thank me later."
76561198158400922,Recommended,304430,24247043,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DanielR,"plays at 280 fps, 10/10 would benchmark again."
76561198024999521,Recommended,304430,24246509,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,millipede,"INSIDE is crafted like a dream swiftly captured in a butterfly net as it seeped out the head of its dreamer. Institutions indoctrinate latent workers into hiveminds. An inanimate animalism corrals the physics of brutality and exploitation into a somatic mutilation. Physical and mental coercions bludgeon the player against the secret of their woeful errand.All while the laborious craft of game design is hidden seamlessly among animation state machines, volumetric lights, and fog without a breath of banding. What remains is a surreal sculpting in time, a prolonged, cinematic descent into the cages and compulsions of being. As the ashen world stages and plays witness to the enormous tragedy of the dream in the boy's bent shoulders.INSIDE will crack open your somnambulistic perception of humanity and drag you into the wellspring of an insatiable will to power. And through conscious and unconscious efforts, our mind forg'd manacles are dashed against the Face of the Deep."
,Recommended,304430,28704017,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,urban_avocado,What in the actual ♥♥♥♥A cool little puzzle platformer. Whilst pretty basic in terms of gameplay the atmosphere and art was awesome. Finished it in a little over 3 hours so it was pretty short but the last part of the game sure was ... uhh ... hilarious? Memorable? Weird as ♥♥♥♥?
76561198070549818,Recommended,304430,28663055,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,andy,fantastic game but i beat it in 2.5 hrs.. seems the norm is around 4 hrs but even so its a really short game.. super fun but wish it was longer / more challenging. cant help but recommend because it was a fun 2 hrs
,Recommended,304430,28678006,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Voyager00,It's short but it's still a great game.
76561198085653640,Recommended,304430,28677809,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ikane,"You don't see games like these so often these days. This little game is a masterpiece. If you've played Limbo before, then the concept will be very familiar. You start your journey as a little boy in an unknown place. Except it is SO much better than Limbo. It takes what was good from that game and makes it better. It succeeds in making you feel hopeful yet hopeless. It slowly creeps you out more and more, all the way to the end, when it becomes one of the creepiest things I've played. And you somehow feel pitty during certain bits but at the same time are scared of that which causes you that pitty. It's strange, but it's fantastic. The ambience created is amazing.I was left when playing Limbo with a feeling of not understanding at all what was going on or the world I was in. I didn't like that about Limbo. Inside gives you more clues as to where you are, but lets you use your imagination.Can I also point out the attention to detail. Every move you make, every jump, every step is smoothe and visually charming. I also love the fact that you can hear the protagonist breathing, which draws you into the story even more.Just a little warning: if you can't wait to buy this game because you adore puzzles such as the ones in Limbo, don't get your hopes up. Limbo was challenging. This game is less so. I'm not a smart person and found the puzzles to be very simple, I didn't have to think too much. At the same time, though, that's what makes the game flow. I myself don't like getting stuck. But don't mind me, maybe I'm just having a good day. I should point out though, as much as I found the puzzles to be simple, I also found them to be extremely creative.It's worth every cent, even if it is a short game.Trust me. Just buy it. Do it. Right now."
,Recommended,304430,28674036,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RejZoR,"Very interesting game I have to say. Amazing visuals with more artistic, abstract characters and world design, interesting but not infuriatingly hard puzzles, phenomenal audio effects as well as environmental effects. Make sure to play it with volume set very high. What I also love is how you only have directional keys, jumping and grabbing controls (6 keys in total), but everything feels so fluid from motion, manipulation of objects, the animation of the main character, I know graphics are intentionally simplified, but I don't think I've ever seen such stunning motion of any in-game character whether it's running, jumping, swimming, changing directions as you do all of these. Only sort of gripe I have with the game is explained under ""spoiler"" segment...SPOILER:The only thing that story doesn't explain anything. I absolutely loved the mystery of all the bizarre things happening to people and myself, was waiting so eagerly through the entire game to get at least some things explained and that's when credits started rolling. What!? I know leaving some mystery is also cool, like how Half-Life left so many things open, but at least some explanation would be nice, some information what was going on...Despite this, I'd highly recommend the game from visual and acoustical perspective, it was certainly an experience that really provoked my senses and feelings. You know, you can't really point at exact things, but you just feel like it was very satisfying experience."
,Recommended,304430,28680311,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,djgoober,"Go into this game blind like I did and you will be very satisfied. In 4 hours you do so much and see so much that it feels like you have been at it for so much longer. This is an experience that will stick with me. The only thing i knew about this game was that it was from Playdead who made Limbo which i also loved and kind of knew what to expect, cruel death scenes and some trial and error. But i also expected an immersive world with moments that would stand out like the spider scene in limbo and im extremely happy to say that these moments do appear and they will stick with you. It's bleak, depressing, mysterious and fun. If i say anything else it would only take away from the game."
76561198082684294,Recommended,304430,28680614,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kayak83,Resounding YES.
,Recommended,304430,28692137,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lazyduderino,Very intense and thrilling game. Maybe a bit short but the message that it delivers is very interesting. The controls are very easy and puzzles are not too hard.Real piece of art!9/10
76561197993533163,Recommended,304430,28693858,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nighthawk,DUDE. THIS GAME ROCKS. I still don't know what happened there. Must play again.
76561197970335358,Recommended,304430,28684414,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nils,"One of the best and most bizarre games I have ever played in my 25 years of gaming. Chapeau, Playdead!"
,Recommended,304430,28688781,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Its Doctor J,"Nice, short and breathtaking. An ambiguous ending that can show you where you are at in life."
76561197993280952,Recommended,304430,28688990,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sammstein,incredible. play the ♥♥♥♥ing thing
76561198033181604,Recommended,304430,28682709,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TonyStark,9.5/10
76561198028778954,Recommended,304430,28682941,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rezus,"outstanding piece of digital art , higly recomended"
76561198299047854,Recommended,304430,28663347,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WorldOfBeer,Amazing. A must play.
,Recommended,304430,28682021,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Helios,"Inside is a masterpiece of dystopian horror and an achievement in nearly every aspect of it's medium, with novel innovations in sound design, animation, visual storytelling, and minimalistic control. However, it's most notable achievement lies in it's intuitive puzzle design and how it richly informs overall narrative and player agency: the often morbid and unsettling solutions to the game's varied puzzles and encounters builds a compelling yet culpable sense of dread through your journey, beginning seconds after the game begins but staying with you long after the credits roll."
76561198001093563,Recommended,304430,28683532,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lord Hades,Wonderful animations and art direction. Interesting puzzles and a pretty crazy end. Play it!
76561198016308068,Recommended,304430,28683556,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Demure,"Yes it's short (2-3 hours tops). Yes, it assumes you don't like being taken by the hand (no UI, no HUD, no prompts). The presentation is phenomenal. Simple in its concept, technically difficult to achieve and the overall result is majestic. This is a narrative driven experience that sheds the tropes of modern story-telling such as voices, cutscenes, tutorials, ""look here"" buttons, leaving the player to figure everything out, layering strong moments that transcend cultures and tug at our human heart strings. Whether you're thinking of escaping Nazi in 1940 Germany, or making a run for it in a dystopian 1984 setting, we can all read something evocative in the way the story unfolds. The puzzles are well-thought out and even though I would have wanted to keep going, it ends in a magnificent way. A special shout-out to the animation team, animators, designers and programmers, that created one of the smoothest blend of animations I've ever seen in a game. There is so much intent and emotion in each of the motions that it borders on ridiculous. The attention to detail is exceptional too."
,Recommended,304430,28687378,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spacewalk,Interesting puzzle game with nice artwork and a strange storyline.  It's easy but enjoyable.
76561198064598898,Recommended,304430,28673633,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Robato23,"The danish company Playdead where i had never heard of before, really surprised me in a very positive way. So positive that this game and his predecessor LIMBO were one of my best game experiences i have had this year.in the 3-4 hours long journey you play as a child dropped in a very dark and grimly world. the story isn't explained and for you to fill up as you are constantly being rushed by the dangers this world brings upon you. In this 2D, sidescroll adventure it is For you as the player to puzzle your way out to outwitt the dangers.the visuals are somewhat limited in terms of colour (only using black, white and a bit of red) but don't let that hold you down, because it was a choise they made to boost the games world in terms of atmospheric and tense situations. Another stong suit of the game are the beautiful animations and the well finished production quality what brings this game for me to one of the highlights of 2016"
