user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,304530,34263807,Posted: 15 August,all,Rhawne,"While I am sort of enjoying playing this game, I cannot recommend it at its current price. Here is a list, that I will update while I play the game, detailing things I'm not happy with, or problems with the game. Most of this is opinion and therefore is subjective, but as a big fan of the Saint's Row series, and having bought this game due to the developer and their previous work, I am unfortunately disappointed. This review is a work in progress, however as I have reached my character limit within the Steam Reviews I have moved the most up-to-date review tohttp://raev.net/2017/08/18/agents-of-mayhem-review/Things I Dislike:- The dialogue, the characters, everything is maximum cringe. I doubt the same writers of SR wrote this.- The humour misses the mark, hard.- I cannot tell who the hell the demographic of this game is, the characters swear, but the game is ""safe"", in that a child could play it very easily without hassle, the game holds your hand a lot, the enemies are pretty simple, it is just not challenging, even if you crank up the difficulty. Sort of edit: the enemy difficulty and density gets better as the game progresses...but...so do you. You gain levels, and health/shield which better protect you from the many more enemies thrown at you.- There is only one weapon, an alternative fire for that weapon, plus a ""special"" attack per character. Unlike the weapon wheel full of fun guns SR had, you have to choose a different character if you want different weapons.- Weapons auto-aim. You cannot turn this off. Since some people say you can, you can switch it to disabled, and your camera won't follow your target around by itself, but certain weapons will still hit your target even if your aim is very off. Rama is the best example.- It feels like a single player third person Overwatch clone on the SR engine with its skillset independent heroes you can change around between on the fly. I don't dislike Overwatch, but I don't particularly enjoy it either. This feels like I'm playing that without any humans to actually challenge me.- When in motion, either on foot or in a vehicle, the camera controls snap back to behind you constantly, even though I have a MOUSE to move my camera around with. This cannot be turned off.- The Mayhem ability. It's your special ability and it's supposed to be super powerful and ultra useful. It is not. It lasts about 3 seconds, which lets you kill about 3-4 enemies (if they're spread out, which they usually are) and takes FOREVER to charge. In a mission you get a chance to use it once or twice maybe. On the other hand the ""alternative attack"" charges in about 5-6 seconds and it usually much more useful (e.g. being able to launch a grenade that splash damages everyone around it if you're playing Hollywood) Spending skillpoints increases Mayhem time and effectiveness, however you won't end up having those upgraded for a long time yet.- Not a big deal to me, but no cooperative play. You can select three heroes at a time, you would think the game would let you coop with 2 other people, but it doesn't. I believe SR2, 3, 4 and Gat out of Hell are coop friendly, why this isn't I have no idea.- The character customisation just...blows. The upgrades don't even seem particularly useful.- Hardtack is one of the characters you start with. His main weapon is a shotgun. A shotgun that does zero damage, or even manages to hit anything after about 3 metres (10~ feet). It just doesn't connect with anything past that range. It's the most useless shotgun in any game ever. You can get an upgrade that increases the distance the shotgun makes contact in....but massively decreases it's damage. Absolutely pointless.- On further observation, almost all weapons have very short range. Much, much shorter than you would expect. Of course, the enemies don't suffer from this ailment at all.- Hardtack's triple-jump barely ever works.- Every single one of the civilian cars sucks. They're all utterly useless.- I don't have any graphics issues because I updated my drivers. But occasionally a lot of things explode on the screen and my fps dips for about a half a second. Not really an issue.- I'm not far into the game, but there doesn't seem to be any minigames like SR had- There are some physics glitches. Floating enemies, trucks loaded with cargo exploding once you're in range enough for the physics engine to kick in, items bouncing around.- Cannot fire from vehicles. Which is a step backwards from the SR series.- For some reason on the ""pause"" menu, is an option to ""Erase all save data"". This seems...well...bizarre, and increases your risk of accidentally clicking it and erasing all your data.- Johnny Gat in this game is only Gat in voice and model. He is not the Gat from Saint's Row. I mean, for one he's a cop. He has some of the better dialogue in the game though. If you don't want to cringe much, make sure Gat is your main character. Avoid Braddock (even though her weapon is one of the better ones)- The radio is terrible. It's just the same electronic background noise on every channel.- You can't ride motorbikes, there are none in the game on the streets, and the parked ones are not able to be ridden.- There is no vehicle customisation other than 8 different skins per vehicle (10 vehicles total). There is also no player customisation except for 6 or so skins for each character and then 6 or so skins per character's weapon.- Warping. No one opens doors or anything, they just...warp around. Like straight through the car's window into the drivers seat. Enemies also warp into the area instead of arriving in vehicles or helicopters.- While driving, vehicles within your draw distance but far away disappear randomly. In fact the draw distance in general is sort of broken.- There's a cooldown on melee attacks- Game resets itself to windowed each time I start it. I prefer it on Borderless or even Full Screen, but it insists on starting on Windowed.- Cash is...a bit useless. I never used any until I was level 8, and then I had so much left over after I had bought upgrades that it didn't really matter. This isn't really a negative, since cash ends up pretty much worthless in SR after a while tooThings I Liked:- Plays like a Saint's Row game, which is why I bought it in the first place.- Driving is top notch, better than SR4 or Gat out of Hell.- Game is smooth as butter, seems pretty well optimised. Edit- this could be isolated to my machine- The world is pretty nicely crafted, if a little...boring? Seoul has no soul. But it looks shiny.- You can still murder civilians. You can't seem to kick them in the groin or throw them around, but you can shoot them to death- It appears that vehicles from Saint's Row 3/4 are unlockable by finding ""blueprints""- The one-use craftable items are actually useful- The upgrade cores actually make your characters a lot better. Except Hardtack.- The usual collectibles everybody loves that Volition is known for strewing across their games. (this is half sarcastic, but seriously, it wouldn't be right if this game didn't have 50 million collectible items)- There are robot cars, some drive ads around, some are utility vehicles. Also robots float around showing ads which is kinda cool- There are upgrades after a certain level which show collectibles on the map- Pressing X and calling in your car is handy af- The game does get better the more you play it, but doesn't really reverse anything I've listed in the negative section.- The game has NVidia Ansel, which is pretty awesome if you're into taking super high resolution screenshots with an adjustable camera- I might add more here later.I believe this game is maybe worth half it's price - about $30US at AU steam prices, but really, if you don't have an urgent need to play this game, I would definitely wait for the GOTY after they release all the DLC and put it on sale for $15 in about 18 months."
,Not Recommended,304530,34321400,Posted: 17 August,all,King Link,"I want to like this game.  I absolutely ADORE Saints row 4.    So I was excited to see the new face of Volition.Now I kind of want my safe comfortable game back.  Yeah while Gat out of hell wasn't as great as SR4, but Gat as a character was great, and the gameplay was tight, the fluidity of motion was perfect, and the experience was great.Agents of Mayhem seems to go in the wrong direction, and I used to work at Volition (disclosure) so it's rough to really say this, but I just don't think this is their best work.The real problem of Agents of Mayhem is the minute the player stops playing the main missions, or perhaps as they play the main mission, the game often makes the player run between points and talks to him as he does it.  This is a mixed bag but the gameplay he's doing while running between points is rough.  The real issue with this is it's not that compelling.  In Saints Row 4, they got away with this as this wasn't required for the main game, and got you cool weapons, abilities, and bonuses for every set of them that you did.The issue is in Agents of Mayhem, these missions are never ending.  If you walk around you'll see the same side content that the main mission uses, and unlike Saints Row 4, there's no limit.  The game uses a system similar to the Radiant Missions in Fallout 4, essentially every time you come to the main map, there's stuff to do, do all of it and there's still more.  Do it again, you still get rewarded for it.The down side, is it makes these side missions very tedious, dull, and pointless to do.  In Saints row 4, I had a sick obsession to do ""Everything"" in the game, in Agents of Mayhem, it's not that I don't want to, I literally can't.   Ok maybe I don't want to either.The side mission/open world gameplay wouldn't be so bad if it was interesting, but the city doesn't really have a soul (no pun intended) and the missions all feel about the same, either drive/run through markers, or destroy something or a bunch of somethings.  Did that? do it again, and again.So here's the real problem with the game, There's something like 53 missions.  Let's break them down.  There's 1 mission for each playable character to introduce you to their weapons, abilities, and mayhem power.  There's usually a preceding mission where you run around and shoot people sometimes doing something in the open world, or going into a lair.  There's a sequel to their introduction (usually a little more story, but mostly just shoot people)... and that's almost half the missions in the game right there.   So the main missions.  Well there's more purpose to them, but it's hard not to notice that it's mostly re-purposed gameplay from the open world.  Drive through markers, kill all enemies, and do it in areas that ... aren't that interesting.The entire game feels like it's trying to go towards an MMO, especially when you start looking at the chests with randomized loot, and the potential drops from quests.  The thing is, I bought a single player game, not an MMO and this game doesn't even have co-op (ignoring an online contract system that.... could have been offline).   And the loot boxes respawn... as do crystals and just about everything else..The MMOificiation is the most bothersome.  The game even makes a snide joke at ""why do bosses have to turn everything into a game"" but then the game is all game systems with in game systems.  Every shot you take does variable damage, you level up heroes, you add in gadgets that give you percentage power, and so on.  What happened to a simple game where you got some weapons ran around and shot people, that worked fine.  This, it's trying entirely too hard to be... well the truth is I'm not sure where they were going, and that's a problem.   The way to play this game feels like not to explore the open world, but to just do the main story missions, but... that's not intentional is it?   If so why all the other content?The thing is that the entire game though is just a little boring.  I hate to say this but I think rather than a 40-50 hour game or how ever long they wanted it to take, I'd have much rather a tight 8 hour single player campaign that focused on story.  The side mission stuff feels more like filler than ever before especially when it comes back so quickly, and since you're not required to do it, it really is filler.  It's a shame because I wanted to really like this game, I really did.  But at the end of the day, I don't.And I think I have some Volition friends on Steam still, (at least I did when I posted this) and I want to say, sorry, I still love the company, I still want to play the next saints row, and I don't hate Agents of Mayhem, but I don't like it, and for that I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304530,34386725,Posted: 20 August,all,Oshtiv,"tl;dr: ""open world"" is vice city level, feels like a 2010 game with a little better graphics, it's ok, but not for 60$Pros:-Great characters and writing-Flashy cartoonish graphics-Interesting upgrades and different heroes-Various events to do in the city-Great third person shooting and abilities feel fluid-Ragdoll (always a plus for me ♥)Cons:-Only focus on development went on VFX, characters and enemies,citizens act and look like characters from Vice City (even worse), cars look like alpha test models-Driving is only a bit fluid with your main car, all other cars drive slow and just feel very useless-Some unexplained cooldowns make the combat alot less fluid-Repetitive same evil lab corridors in many missions-Says seol but everyone speaks english in the streets, characters don't care where are they even, could be a nice thing to see them react since a game placed in korea is not a usual thing-Requires too much from your computer for little results, many games that look MUCH better don't require that much from your computer (talking of a 980ti build from a year and a half ago barely holding 60fps on high)-Most skins are a lousy re-color-Pointless material collection and crafting systemWaiting for this game since first teaser, was hoping for some upgraded saint's row stuff with extra, but only got some cool heroes to test their abilities in some dull dead ""open world"", with some nice flashy explosions. I doubt they'd actually work on reworking these flaws in a patch, feel kinda bad I can't refund since I tried giving this game another chance over and over. Might still play it to see what's up ahead, but I feel like I've given 60$ for a game that's worth like 40$, maybe, in 2012If you really like flashy stuff and various characters, get this on sale"
,Not Recommended,304530,34554143,Posted: 28 August,all,Werupenstein,"Adjust your expectationsThis is not a Saints Row game.Imagine taking all the generic open world bits that nobody likes anymore  and that is this game; a generic open world with absolutely no hook.The actual world is very nice looking, a stylized future city very reminiscent of Overwatch but it is extremely small,likely the smallest ""open world"" I've ever been in.I liked the majority of the characters they all had a decent backstory and fun special abilities.80% of this game is extremely repetitive missions that take you through the exact same dungeon. The other 20% is okay story missions.A strange thing happened to me towards the end of the game, I started treating it like an arcade beat em up game, I just stopped trying to be careful/not dying and just plowed through everything with reckless abandon and I started having some fun with it.The most interesting thing about this game is thinking about what may have happened during the development of this game; it seems obvious that there must have been some extreme changes in course and scope over the development of this game. It feels like they sat down and came up with a great premise spent 2 years trying to make something out of it and failed, then pulled out the Saints Row engine and slapped this thing together in a year and put it out because they had to, I'd love to see a behind the scenes documentary.If you play this like an open world collectathon you are going to hate this game and yourself. A much better option would be to mainline the story and get out but even that is not really worth the time."
,Not Recommended,304530,34264994,Posted: 15 August,all,MacNeil,"Between the built in mouse acceleration, the aim assist that seems like it cannot be toggled off, an empty seoul-less city, a soundtrack that doesn't seem to play properly, forced comedy, and performance issues I'd have to say that this is a step backward for Volition. Sure, the world is bright, but it's empty, devoid of character. The gameplay is nothing special, it's not awful, but it's not great either.I should say, I stopped playing after the brief time as I sought to refund the game, and it was a matter of personal taste that I chose to do so. If you can get by the day 1 issues, the always on acceleration and enjoy the style of the game props to you."
76561198053350113,Recommended,304530,34271896,Posted: 16 August,all,QuateyQ,"If you're looking for saints row do not buy this game. If you're looking for a new ip that shares the saints universe then you're in luck. One of the common misconceptions about this game is that its saints row but it really isn't at all. As the developers have stated more times than I can count its a ""spin-off"". Don't expect any of the same gangster style action shoot em up game.I personally really enjoy this game and am having a blast playing it. Everything about it for me is really enjoyable and I think volition did an excellent job acheiving the goal of going more overtop in this game than in their previous game SR4 . I had a ton of fun using all the agents and figuring out the best possible combinations to go as Gat+Oni+Joules is pretty fun to use.Pro's- Nice graphics- Goofy & Lewd Comedy- Unique Agents all with their own backstories- Familiar feeling setting- Beautiful effects- Over the top action- Every agent and skill is customizable (combat wise)Con's- Performance issues- Can get a bit repetitive- Numerous Bugs- Cliche storyOne of the main reasons I have seen people disliking this game is because it has been called an overwatch clone. Which kinda confused me at first seeing how the two games are different. I soon realized that if blizzard decided to make overwatch a single player mode it would probably look a lot like this game. As far as characters and actual abilites every single agent is different from their overwatch ""counterpart"". I do reccommened this game however but I also feel like $60 maybe a bit too much for the game right now and you should probably only spend that much if you're really certain about buying it otherwise wait for a sale to go on."
,Not Recommended,304530,34348756,Posted: 19 August,all,Cal,"Mediocre at best. It feels like I brought a single player MMO, repetitive, most of the in game systems are either confusing or just straight up broken. I really wanted to like this, but didn't end up being a game for me.EDIT: Just hit a game breaking bug on my system, where my vehicle will freeze in place, while the rest of the game world will continue as normal. This causes me to fail the mission. At this point in time I cannot finish the game."
,Not Recommended,304530,34362147,Posted: 19 August,all,OoThatGuyoO,"Funny game, okay mechanics, decent combat, enjoyable characters that play their stereotypes.It isn't a $60 game, however.Wait for it to be on sale to give it a try and don't critique it too heavily, it was only developed by a Triple-A company.Biggest issues:Bugs (too many to list)CrashesToo few side-activities to doNo online multiplayer (there is some sort of 'cooperative contract' you can complete with friends, however)Too easy to level upNo multiple save filesVery small map in comparison to previous open-world titlesMy Personal Biggest Issue:The developers boast about their involvement in all 5 Saints Row titles, but the game has no licensed music or drive-by gameplay... 5 Games where shooting out of your vehicle was a feature, and this oneFORCESyou to ram into other enemies. This was shameful for the developers.As always, this is theAge of Patches, the developers can just take our criticism and patch it all later on."
76561198050108407,Not Recommended,304530,34349508,Posted: 19 August,all,ShadowBeast,"After finishing this game I can say it is... okay-ish. I really loved the Saints Row series even though Gat out of hell couldn't keep up. And this one is a sequel to one of the possible endings. Maybe that was what made me extremly skeptical about this game in the beginning.And let's be honest this game clearly lacks the spirit Saints Row had. The story is kinda like those from childrens cartoons. One evil super villain is throwing stuff and people at the heroes just to be beaten over and over again.The humour is dull. And I swear if I have to listen to one more of those Uranus jokes I'm going to break something! But at least some of the agents are somehow interesting.Gameplay itself is easy and differs from agent to agent (I actually hadn't expected anything else) but is really repetitive. Sideactivitys are generic either you do them or you don't not much of a difference here cause they will be up again in some time anyway. Everything else felt like legion lair after legion lair (and for the legion-tech you want to do at least some of them) and they all look quite the same. Around 4 to 5 different rooms connected through  4 to 5 different corridors with 3 possible objectives before continuing. Destroy stuff, kill all enemies, kill one enemy. But not only you have to do some lairs for the legion-tech, most of the storymissions will sendt you in one of those too. And there isn't really a difference to those which aren't story realated. The only lair which differed from the rest was Ariadnes. An enjoyable change in those boring, repetitive corridors I walked through so often up to this point in the game.Seoul itself looks like a futuristic cold city with many construction areas. You can climb up any of those buildings (what can be fun) for collectibles. Refilling chests and coreshards. But there isn't any need in searching for those cause you get lots of cores anyway. Also in chests.Driving felt like Saints Row to me just with an annoying, narcisstic AI commenting its exellence.So the game isn't bad. Kinda fun for a short while but nothing I would play again (while I played SR 2 - 4 four to five times each, best part for me was the 2nd) and definetly not worth 60euros. Therefore as long as it is that expensive I keep it on not recommended."
,Not Recommended,304530,34834296,Posted: 9 September,all,TangoRango,"I want to like this game. I really do. I love Saints Row and was hoping for the same over the top action here. But despite some of its strngths, there is simply no way I can recommend Agents of Mayhem.Good:-The cast, both heroes and villains, is great and diverse. Watching the heroes interact and chat during missions is great(the writing may be off at times, but the consistently great voice acting makes up for it), and gives just enough depth to the characters.-Combat. The combat is pretty good, though a few more skills per hero would have been nice(every hero has 1 skill(which can be customized with 1 additional effect) and 1 Ultimate skill(which can again be customized)). Despite this, each hero feels unique to play since everyone has different weapon mechanics and traits(though a few more melee heroes would have been nice), and switching up different combinations of 3 heroes for your party is really fun to explore and play around with.-First few hours of gameplay...Bad:...remaining hours of gameplay. The game feels like it was incredibly rushed and cobled together during a game jam. There is a handful of activities in the world, and everything, including main missions, is put together from these simple activities.  It gets monotone and repetitive super fast, when all you do is clear the same legion lairs, save hostages, and destroy legion machinery over and over again, without any variation. The open world offers little apart from the endless stream of same side missions which serve as nothing more than opportunities to grind XP and crafting materials.The town of Seoul also feels dead and empty, with perhaps 4 of bland, generic, car types and a handful of people. It lacks any charm or soul of Steelport and Stillwater.Terrible balancing. The game has 15 difficulty levels, and on anything over 8-10, any non-tanky character(which has damage to take down the bullet spungy enemies) will get 2-3 shot, which isn't rare considering constant FPS drops when more enemies are around, and even tanky characters go down surprisingly fast. And at max level, anything below difficuly level 10 is insultingly easy.Awful driving controls, with nameless radio stations you can go through, each offering 1... if there are more I haven't heard them yet... 1 original song, usually without lyrics. And cars can't go through bushes or up sidewalks...Terrible PC port, one of the worst in a long time. Game performs terribly regardless of your specs with constat FPS drops and stuttering at random moments, crashes frequently, and at least for me, ignores my video settings, and randomly changes them every so often.There is also quite a lot of bugs, characters getting stuck in the scenery, impenetrable bushes and inch high sidewalks, dead AI, events not triggering, your abilities refusing to activate until you switch to a different party member and then back.Agents of Mayhem had the potential to be a great game, you can see it in there through all the bad stuff. Maybe at some point it was, but due to time or money constraints, the game we got was quickly put together in the hopes to earn enough for a sequel. Because storywise, the game just introduces characters and sets up the world, lacking a real proper story which has a beginning, middle and end. If a sequel offered more fleshed out gameplay and better mission design and a bit more character development, I would be all for it. But as it stands now, this seems like a complete miss to me."
76561198039520059,Not Recommended,304530,34393462,Posted: 21 August,all,Zar,"It's not bad, but it's not great either.Pros:- Gameplay is fluid- Combat is fun- Enjoy the art style and cartoon like cutscenes- Voice acting is good and has its dialogue highlights at timesCons:- The characters seem kinda average.- Personal based Missions so far (for me at least) have been dull with no real unique or interesting features.- Copy and Pasted level designs...Which makes me question its worth in Price.May update later, but...6.5 / 10"
,Not Recommended,304530,34341386,Posted: 18 August,all,[ABoJ]  help.txt,"Agents of Mayhem is a sort of logical conclusion of the Saint's Row franchise's idea that each subsequent game must be more sensational than the preceding. Unfortunately for the franchise this is the first game in this series not to live up to that design ethos.When the series went full superhero in Saint's Row III, it did it in a way that tossed aside all the traditions set by other crime sandboxes (itself mostly) and allowed the player to break the convention we expect from the genre. Rather than drive, the character eventually soared through the air and ran faster than the fastest cars.  The superpowers tossed aside the reliance on weapons and the ""collect ammo and health then shoot"" meta.  This allowed the player to feel like they were breaking the rules of the game in a way that had never been done in the genre before.Agents of Mayhem goes back to that formula, but this time wrapped in a an 80s-GI-Joe-nostalgia-flag set in the most generic of interchangable asian dystopian cyberpunk settings without weight or meaning to the the design choices. Never is the culture of the place discussed nor it's people. I'm not even sure at this point that there is a Korean character in the game.This design choice to focus entirely on ""playability"" over narrative bleeds into every other part of this game as well. No two characters feel very distinct aside from their racial and gender designators. The cars, the guns (with some exception), the missions and the enemies do not engender changes in gameplay styles or create unique experiences. Everything basically does the same thing as everything else in it's class.You can send your agents on missions to exotic countries with little or no difference with the feedback you get back. A truck and a sports car go basically the same speed. A sniper agent and a close range melee agent character's abilities become pluralized when shoved into the endless deluge of similar underground bases that must be run through each time a new game element is introduced.And that is, perhaps, the real failure of AoM:  It's a real grind and almost all of your decisions seem to affect the game only cosmetically.I would not recommend buying this game:  2/5"
,Not Recommended,304530,34367416,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. Boombastic,"I'd like to start of by saying that although I've had SOME fun in this game and at times I enjoy it, I can't recommend it to ANYONE during it's current state and at it's current price. While some moments of this game make you go ""oh yeah!"" and get you excited, the vast majority of Agents of Mayhem involves running through the exact same legion corridors, killing the exact same enemies, hearing the same voice lines over and over and feeling like you're accomplishing nothing in the process. I have 11 hours in this game and most of that is me just driving around in the open world doing what I want because I have no motivation to continue doing the main story, it's so damn boring.I like how they have all sorts of different agents with different abilities however when going to unlock these heroes you find that you have to do virtually the same mission over and over for each one. Find a thing, hack it to reveal the legion hideout, go through the legion corridors in the legion hideout killing boring waves of enemies. It's so tedious and boring.The cartoon style cutscenes are done pretty well in my opinion. It adds a nice touch to the cartoony aspect of the game.I've found that the most fun I have is just driving through Seoul, not doing missions, and just chaosing chaos (which gets boring after a while too). Also, the pop in is absurd.As far as performance, I haven't run into any of the problems that everyone else has been having (FPS drops, VRAM drainage etc) so while I can say the game ran fine for me, it seems like the majority of players have been experiencing problems which should definetly be taken into account before purchasing.  The only problem I've run into is that while in the ARK, the visuals looked very washed out (kind of like when your eyes are very tired and everything you look at seems sort of washed out.) I haven't been able to find a setting to make it any better, yet.When it comes down to it, I can't recommend this game. Maybe pick it up when it's on sale for 60%+  but even then, you won't find the type of gameplay that any of the Saint's Row games had, you won't find interesting missions or fun gunplay. It's just an all around mediocre game and that sucks because I was really looking forward to it."
76561198005151454,Not Recommended,304530,34783651,Posted: 6 September,all,Blackred,this is game is a repetitive grind.same level designs- nothing changes.the 'open-world' could not be more dead.the only great thing about this game is the character stories... other than that i wasted money on it.I really did try to like it- but 11 hours later it became a horrible disappointment.
,Not Recommended,304530,34262072,Posted: 15 August,all,Wolfie,"Edit:This is day 1 Post, It was unplayable, and having waited and tried the fixes suggeste, nothing much happened still same issues. Refunded sadlyOriginal:I don't get it, the Ingame cinematics play out so smoothely with some great set piece conversation. But when it jumps back to the game it drops so much FPS and it reaches a point where I actively have to avoid explosions so I don't get heavy frame loss. And there are more explosive items than enemies. I didn't even get to Johnny Gat and I felt this game was just poorly optimized. It's maybe slightly better graphics than Borderlands but still they can't keep this game functional in 2017 ?"
,Recommended,304530,34272944,Posted: 16 August,all,Olly,"eh, get on a sale"
76561198006574980,Not Recommended,304530,34432442,Posted: 23 August,all,Kae,"TLDR -- If you're going to charge 60 dollars, you need to do more. This game is a 5/10 at best.This game is a huge miss. I was really looking forward to playing this one and it was a major disappointment.I'm somebody who really enjoyed Saints Row 2, 3, 4 and even Gat Out of Hell and I dislike everything about this particular title from Volition. From the writing to the characters to the mission progression I found myself rushing through each instance waiting for that familiar fun, over the top action I have come to expect from this developer. Instead I was greeted with one generic scene after the next stitched together to form some kind of basis for progression. Playing the game felt more like a chore than entertainment. The game felt rushed and the overall pacing felt equally out of place.Here are some things I did not like:-Driving- 4/10I don't know if the problem lies with the new engine or some design choices were intentional, but actions we have come to expect like being able to shoot out a car tire with a gun are not possible. Moving cars feel like traveling monolithic blocks. Driving physics feel dated and stiff; for example cars do not flip over and decelerate quickly when not being accelerated. While 'drifting' is nice, too often cars feel like they're on ice after the spacebar is pressed. Both cars and trucks have a similar feel while driving. For perspective, Saints Row 2, released in 2008, has a better feel for vehicles. Also another minor issue, after about a second or two the camera will snap back to a much too low default position while driving, forcing me to reposition the camera to get it away from the bumper and back to a higher view of the road only to have it jerk back to the low position, I felt like I was constantly fighting both the car and camera while driving. There is no setting to correct this.-Open World- 5/10So we have this great potential for a gaming landscape --A futuristic Seoul, South Korea with limitless possibilities, right? Well not quite..At first look the city seems interesting with those cool neon and high chroma lights in the distance. Upon exploration you quickly find that buildings are not enterable and serve as simply large platforms to jump onto while looking for loot chests and collectables. I think this was a huge missed opportunity as the developers could have done some neat things like sewers, underground facilities, sub-basements, hazard zones, interactive casinos with people gambling, boxing rings, football/soccer fields, launch pads, factories, shopping centers, car dealerships, airports or SOMETHING to break up that white-on-white monoculture of cityscape. I recognize the style they were trying to go after but you have to put more effort into it than slapping a neon sign on the front of a building elevation and then moving on to designing the next one. I would have loved a reason to explore the city and explore individual buildings. The more diverse the open world, the more you can do with writing missions and character stories. It almost felt as if they didn't want the city to be TOO edgy for fear of offending South Korea. This could be one argument for using a fictional city, you can be a little more free with design direction. This is also the smallest open world game I have played, but perhaps that's an unintended positive due to the generic nature of the city.-Combat- 7/10This was the most polished part of the game - it felt like your average shooter, plus a few rough spots that cost the game a few points. Some of the combat can feel a bit stiff at times, for example Hardtack can jump around and shoot his shotgun while in the air, but if you want to throw his harpoon, he is planted firmly on the ground and rooted during his animation; this takes away some of the fun dynamics and fluidity to the combat. Also this could be a bug, but I had to completely disable auto aim features using Oni as initiating right mouse button zoom would force me to aim at the chest. Only by turning it off could I begin to get head shots.-Writing- 4/10I think Volition was targeting the Generation Xers that grew up watching The A-Team, GI Joe etc. So what we have here is a lot of safe and cringy jokes bolstered by an abundance of expletive-laced profanity in order to preserve the 'in your face' attitude that seems to go along with Volition games. It almost seems like there were two teams of writers that had completely opposite ideas of what they wanted to do with respect to the writing and direction of dialog. It's like one team were attempting to approximate what they thought were funny pop culture references without really understanding why they were originally funny. What you get is a writing team continually firing comedic blanks until the chamber is empty, and then calling it a day. There were rare times I smirked at some of the writing, but most of the time I shook my head in disappointment.-Progression- 7/10The Ark has 20 levels, the final skill the Ark is able to get is at level 18. Why are there two extra levels? Did Volition run out of ideas? Was level 20 just a nice round number to end the Ark? Decisions like this seem like another missed opportunity in a sea of opportunities. With that said, I do like individual character progression. I feel that the speed of leveling up was just where it needed to be. I fought at challenge level 10 throughout most of the game, and found I could level a character at a good pace. Legion tech added some nice variety to the skills past a certain level and was much needed to break up some of the late game monotony.-Mission variety- 3/10I feel like this was one of the weakest points in the game and does tangentially relate back to the weak writing and open world. Legion Lairs were sold as hidden lairs to find secret info and special weapons to drive the fight to Legion. Instead we get several randomly generaed rooms stitched together in different arrangements. Entering a lair mostly consists of hitting E find the flashing thing, shoot a few people and leave the lair. A real missed opportunity to add branching missions or something more dynamic into the mix. Other agent unlock missions consist of a few lines of dialog while shooting the same types of enemies while playing a generic hacking minigame. After playing the first few missions, I felt like I had played them all.-Politics in games?-While on the Ark I heard a NPC say something to the effect of 'F**k America and F**k the wall' This could have been in relation to some in-game lore I'm not aware of or it could have been related to the current climate in US politics. I try not to get involved in political discussions, but it seems to me this could alienate some potential customers. isn't the goal to appeal to the widest of audiences? Is Deep Silver OK with polarizing political messages in the game?-Conclusion-I'm worried about the future of Saint's Row. If this is the type of open world, writing and game type the next Saints Row will be based on, I won't be purchasing the game, not even for a discount. I was not entertained by this game and regret spending my 60 dollars. Volition, you need to step up your game in several different areas if you want to continue charging AAA prices for your games. My rating for this game is a 5/10"
,Recommended,304530,34276887,Posted: 16 August,all,2Sk3tChy,"+Action  packed+Cool Designs.+Many ""Heroes"" Agents.+Open World.+Funny VO.+like to unlock things? lot's of unlocks.-Never explains what the blue shield thing is around your character-Driving a vehicle is underwhelming-Aim is hard (with controller), unless auto-lock, use mous-Majority of the Skins are just re-textures and Hue changes?-No Mini map?"
,Not Recommended,304530,34546730,Posted: 28 August,all,Ranter,"Game is extremely bug ridden and was clearly rushed to release, theres very many easily reproducable bugs with the mayhem abilities as well as the missions, the city itself feels dead for how big it is.  This game is a massive step back from saints row."
,Not Recommended,304530,34259773,Posted: 15 August,all,Doktor Sleepless,"Poorly optimized. Dips well below 60FPS on a GTX1080Ti.The game feels sterile and lifeless, and to add insult to injury, the characters are boring (save for Johnny Gat, who is priceless as always)."
,Recommended,304530,34311779,Posted: 17 August,all,Subzy,A fun light-hearted game that shouldn't be taken too seriously.
,Recommended,304530,34312286,Posted: 17 August,all,FrozenDonkeyButter,I personally love this game so far. Only cons i can give at the moment is that you have to go back to your hub a lot. I wish you could do a lot of that stuff on the fly.
,Not Recommended,304530,34397829,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr.Mendez,100% not a saints row game so if you came here expecting the same glamour you won't get itThe combat is like The Division but there's more movementThe characters in the game are something out of a moba but all together it's fun I just wish there was better driving in it you pretty much have to run everywhere which doesn't suck but when you have to run someone off the road with your car cause you can't shoot and drive in any form it's ♥♥♥♥ing lame as hell that's every other mission. you never have enough boost their cars go the speed of the future so it gets pretty annoying.Not worth 60$ and depending how you look at the game it pretty much feels unfinished for a game made by some of the same people behind the Saints row Franchise they really took a step back  in this game. I've even taken that fact out of my mind and just took it as a Hero shoot em up but even on that level it's mediocre at best
,Not Recommended,304530,34465024,Posted: 24 August,all,Monkerlotus,"This game should be co-op, the difficulty scaling and enemy HP scream play with others, but it's all solo.  It constantly feels like i am missing a partner for the battle like playing Borderlands alone it is ok... but it would feel complete with someone there.I also struggle with visual problems, there is too much going on for me.  Bright flashing♥♥♥♥♥♥and shaky screen 24/7 is just too much, especially with such a terrible view perspective.I cannot shoulder swap or take cover behind all the waist high barriers that the AI seems capable of using.I'll encounter a fight and enemies keep spawning indefinitely with no explanation of what im doing until i die off.I pretty much play one hero, actively swapping play styles is too much for me, I can't make my brain handle going from weak sniper and back to tank on the fly.Overall, for me, there is just too much happening, 10 years ago my brain would have been able to deal with it, but I just can't pay attention to all the crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happening to enjoy this game.This is all coming from someone who loves the recent Bullet Storm re-release, Borderlands and the other SR games, those are all noisy distracting games with tons going on and Agents of Mayhem puts them all to shame with its bright flashing shaking combat and color scheme."
76561198002022103,Recommended,304530,34680273,Posted: 2 September,all,seanmcg,"Man, so I love this game, but I can understand where others would not.  It checks all of the boxes for me -- it's like the devs are in my head, and created the perfect gamejust for me.  Here's what I love about it:1.) Fun, third-person shooter action.  The different agents have wildly different play styles, so you can play as a shooty berserker, a stealthy assassin, a sniper, a tank, a pet-wrangler...and so on.  It's good fun to put together a wacky team comp and go do some open world missions.2.) Collectible...everything.  Obviously, there are the main characters to unlock, but there are also upgrades, LEGION upgrades,speciallegion upgrades, skins, vehicles, vehicle skins, weapon skins, upgrade crystals.  If you like that loot-drop bing-bong noise, you will probably like this aspect of the game.3.) Open world.  Other folks have described the world as small, but that has not been my impression.  Acreage-wise, it's probably smaller than a GTA game, but AoM Seoul is extremely vertical.  It is also littered with randomly spawning lootboxes, hidden crystals, and the constantly-replenishing LEGION threats and side-missions.  I have 30-some hours on the game, and Ijust nowunlocked the last warp point.4.) Character specialization.  Each character has a play style baked in, but you can also tune them to be better at some things than others by applying skills, gadgets, and LEGION tech.  By playing around with those three aspects, you can further specialize their playstyle -- by making tanks tankier, or buffing DoTs, or focusing on building MAYHEM power...and so on,5.) Fun characterization and worldbuilding.  There seem to be a lot of knocks on the writing, which I just don't get.  Perhaps my sense of humor is just lowbrow (I think ""Uranus"" jokes are funny -- judge me all you want).  The pre-scripted character moments are a treat when they pop up, and the voice acting is on-point.  After 30 hours with the game, some of the one-liners (""DO YOU FEEEEEEL THAT?"") can become a little monotonous, but I'm not sure what's to be done about that.  It's the MAYHEM powers in particular that feel super canned -- a few extra animations would go a long way toward making those less repetitive.I may be pre-programed for this particular setting; it's a weird mix of the Sunbow G.I. Joe cartoons (which I grew up on) and...Tarantino movies?  Eh, maybe not quite at that level -- maybe Robert Rodriguez.  Yeah, there it is -- ""Machete"" would fit perfectly into Agents of Mayhem.Honestly, this is the first time I've ever written a Steam review, because Iso desperatelywant this game to do well.  It's got its hooks in me the worst way, and all I want from this life is some DLC and a sequel.  And some action figures.  And a Friday voice for my GPS."
76561197970496419,Recommended,304530,34278597,Posted: 16 August,all,Kujako,"So far, the game is everything I expected when I pre-ordered.Be clear, it is NOT Saints Row. Because of this, some seem to have dismissed it without any additinal thought. It is a fun, over the top third person hero shooter.I also have not has any performance issues, which is not to say there are no optimization issues but I again have to be suspect of the reports of it destroying computers etc based on the 'Its not Saints Row' hate. For me, it runs well and is no more or less than it was advertised to be."
,Recommended,304530,34283074,Posted: 16 August,all,Vrig Kyra,"Pretty fun!Like a good majority of major games with PC ports, this launch is a little faulty. Expect frame drops regardless of build, but we're not talking Arkham Knight-crappy-port here. I dropped my settings to Low and have very solid framerate with pretty good-looking graphics.The gameplay is very, very story-based, so DO NOT go in expecting a GTA/Saints Row open world, I find myself ignoring the open world as I play.All in all, this game is what they promised. Watch the trailers, it's very much what you see there. If it looks fun/funny/entertaining to you from what you see there, you will not be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,304530,34746997,Posted: 4 September,all,Viewtiful Crowe,"Really had high hopes for this. While the dialouge is funny, the story leads to absolutely no where. Probably paid dlc down theline sadly. Not worth the current price in its buggy almost unfinished state. Just Seems rushed and a quick cash in. Wait until a major price drop."
,Recommended,304530,34277824,Posted: 16 August,all,SOLLERHOLLER/SOULBLADE,So far really good I love the gameplay and style. However there are some bugs like stuttering issues and it is not my system.Also look into making it compatible with amd cards with its new enhanced sync  technology it is similar to freesync but for non freesync monitors :)
,Recommended,304530,34684379,Posted: 2 September,all,Detective Hardbottom,"To start with, Agents of Mayhem is, unlike Saints Row, an action game. It's not a sandbox game, so if you expect this to be the dream Saints Row 5, then you'll be disappointed.The trailer wouldn't have this frame if it was...Basically, look at it as Crackdown or Borderlands game instead of Saints Row.Overall, when you forget that the company that made this game made Saints Row and look at it as a complete new game it's actually really good.PROS:1) After the mess of a story Gat Out of Hell was and over the top ridiculousness (AKA♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's good to finally have a story that makes sense and that someone actually though out about what they're writing. I gotta say, I enjoyed it. It's designed as a cartoon show, and completing it gives you the feel of just watching a season of a good show.2) The dungeous feel repetitive at times, but so does in Dragon Age: Origins and Dragon Age II and it was delivered a lot better than there.3) A lot of collectibles and challenges that are fun if you like challenging yourself as I do.4) The open world is straight up lit! After the grey Steelport in Saints Row IV it's so good to see a city that's actually alive. With peds doing idle stuff, and hell, the actual diversity of the area. It might be small, but boy, does it feel different causing mayhem in TTX expo, or the ship yard, or even the downtown.5) Replayable missions and cutscenes. Because that's something that we haven't seen in an SR game in a long time.CONS:1) Minor bugs. I only ran into one that was ""game breaking"", but consideringSaints Row: The Third, it's perfect.2) Story feels like it went down do fast if you focus the main story.3) Minor sound errors.4) Some agent stories feel unfinished. I really do hope this was planned for a DLC or a sequel.True, the game has bad stuff in it, but after all it is a new IP. Saints Row 1 wasn't perfect. However from SR1 is where we got the amazing game Saints Row 2 is. People tend to be too hard on it, forgetting that it's a brand new game and not a Saints Row 5."
,Recommended,304530,34360902,Posted: 19 August,all,Kyran,"Some people has said nobody asked for Agents of Mayhem. Well, I asked for it, because I love Volition's style and sense of humor. I always have fun on their games, I like the missions, and I like the characters and their dialogues and how they include a variety of people and personalities in their games.So, play Agents of Mayhem it's pretty much similar to play any Saints Row, but with the new story and new characters. I have to say first, then, that I really love this game.Let me tell you the pros:+ Lot of characters to choose for the missions, to level up, and they're so charismatic as in Saint Row series;+ Graphics are beautiful, the city is beautiful and you'll find yourself searching for boxes to open;+ The story of the game and the backgrounds of the characters are really interesting;+ I love the 2d animations on cutscenes;+ Controls are easy, smooth, practical;+ The difficulties you can choose are pretty nice;+ It's not easy to get those beautiful skins either.The cons are:- The map seems smaller than the maps of a Saints Row game;- We don't have a lot of cars to choose, we can't modify those cars because we just have skins, and we don't have anything to fly above the city;- Everything seems more repetitive in this game than in Saints Row series: I've been waiting a map so diverse as in Saints Row 2 or at least Saints Row 3 and IV, but this Seoul map seems all the same in every district; and the missions and lairs are pretty much the same thing over and over. I can tell Saints Row had more variety on everything.- I miss the easter eggs. In Saints Row series I love to explore the city to find those crazy things that Volition used to hide in some place, like the dolls.But Volition didn't promise anything more than they gave us here, keep in mind that. Is a good action game anyway, I miss the variety, sure, but at the same time I like the game, and keep shooting everything.Still, I hope Volition do a little more job in here and, at least, bring us more characters and different missions. People are saying they'll bring us DLCs, so I'll be playing untill then."
,Not Recommended,304530,34579616,Posted: 29 August,all,Tetra,"This is hands down the glitchiest, most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game in the Saints Row ""canon"" I have ever played. And I should know, I've played pretty much all of them, either on console or PC. The fact that this game uses nostalgia to sell copies, and the fact that it worked on my dumbass (so much so that I preordered it just to play as Gat) just pisses me off. Not only that, but the game itself also pisses me off. Here are just some of the issues that plague this game.The 15 difficulties you can choose from in this game just do the same nonsensical thing most games do these days: scale enemy health and damage. It goes from you instakilling the enemies with every hit, to the enemies instakilling you with every hit. What's that, you want to try and fine aim on higher difficulties? Huh, you must want to take damage, because that's what's gonna happen outside of maybe getting one enemy kill. When you get further along in the game, you'll find yourself looking at the Steam play button just like ""Eh ♥♥♥♥ it, I'm bored.""Then you start finding the bugs, almost always on accident. Loot boxes floating in mid-air, your vehicle spawning inside civilian vehicles when you call it and freaking out, the rare occurance where a mission just refuses to work, seemingly random freezing and crashing, the list just goes on. When you find yourself being surprised that a game worked the way it was supposed to, you know you've got a bad game on your hands. And do not even get me started on the framerate drops.Oh, and just a small word on the humor. I know Jim Sterling already briefly went over this but whatever. This game actually makes Uranus jokes constantly. Like seriously, if you already have the game and you're feeling particularly masochistic, there's an observatory you can go to where the game makes blatantly stale Uranus jokes ON LOOP.In conclusion, I must admit it, I liked this game when I first started playing it (hence the 50+ hours I put into it). But overtime, it just got less and less fun as I was bombarded with waves of nonsense and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG. It got to the point where I just found myself getting angry really fast every time I started it up, and in the words of Reggie Fils-Aimé: ""If it's not fun, why bother?"". I really hope that this is not the finished product, because unless they fix at least some of these glaring issues, this was a waste of my money and I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304530,34450656,Posted: 23 August,all,Niko Bellic,"It feels like a (very fluid and pretty) mobile game.Story isn't all that great, most characters are easy to forget, gameplay gets incredibly repetitive.How the hell did we go from gang warfare, to aliens, to religion, to this? None of those make any sense in the same series, but oddly enough, THIS is the game in the series that sticks out like a sore thumb.Hell, the launch trailer for this game shows Gat frequently, and he's only a pre-order character! It even showcases pre-order skins! That definitely isn't a good sign! It means there isn't much meat with the potatoes, unless you pay extra / pay early.Can't really say this game is worth the money. Not 60, anyway."
,Not Recommended,304530,34296772,Posted: 16 August,all,rkenney525,"tl;dr Gameplay good, story/characters bad, price just not worth it. Otherwise it's cool.If you've played the Saints Row games, then you'll find the gameplay of AOM to be very similar. It's still a third person shooter in a large city with collectibles and locations that can conquered. Rather than your wheelhouse of weapons you have a selection of characters which have a single weapon they can use. Ammo is unlimited from the start, which is different. There are items you can use to give your characters certain boosts and a simple leveling system which lets you boost certain stats (like cooldowns, damage, etc, it varies per character). Personally, I prefer the way of SR3 and SR4, but this style isn't all bad.The story, characters, and writing, are really bad. Like I didn't realize they were being serious until halfway through the prologue. It just tries really hard and maybe I'm not the target age demographic anymore (I'm 26), but I feel like anyone above the age of 19 isn't going to be impressed.That said, the gameplay is really fun -- like I said it's the combat from Saints Row, and those games rocked. Unfortunately I can't reccommend this game because of the price (currently $60). There are still a number of noticeable bugs, and honestly I've paid this same price for games that had a good story AND good gameplay.That said, don't let my (or other) negative reviews dissuade you if you're just looking for another 3rd person shoot 'em up. It does not dissappoint in that category!"
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,304530,35095598,Posted: 20 September,all,Himax,"Interesting game, and a creative departure from the formula the prequels followed.But ultimately, this game has too many flaws to reccomend.I did want to play the game all the way through, it WAS fun. But it has zero replay value.The character swapping was a good idea, but some of the mechanics fall flat:The Gremlin tech is totally useless. Its cumbersome to use, juggling the cooldowns and menu-surfing to use it is awkward, the actual benfits from them are too shallow, and once you get the Mulligan (healing) tech, that becomes the only one you'll ever use. (maybe try llinking specific tech to specific characters, so everyone gets their OWN tech. Also try having it activated by specific actions (headshots, reloads, melee kills, etc.) to make them more accessible)The overworld map is FAR too small. Fun, and delightfully detailed, but far too small.The minigame touches between missions were a good idea, but are too anemic to be worth playing repeatedly.Procedurally-generated dungeons are only good if you have a complicated enough process to MAKE them. Otherwise, once you've played on you've played them all.They tried to make multiple objectives available in these lairs, but they come off too generically, and aren't all that much fun.Also... The art resources in this game are terrible!! The pictures in cutscenes look like a teenager made them during lunchbreak! I know the game is supposed to have an 80's cartoon asthetic, but put some damn effort in it!!The game is not BAD, but it isn't good enough to justify its price. If they make a sequel, I think I'd still check it out."
76561198045117325,Recommended,304530,34283673,Posted: 16 August,all,grahve,"Normally I never write reviews for things. Usually I don't see the point, but on a whim I decided to look at the other reviews on here for this game, and honestly I was shocked to see so many of them are bad. Felt wrong to not add what I thought myself and maybe touch on some of the perspective a lot of the negative reviews have.First off,this is not a Saints Row game. It's a spinoff, yes, and there are references and some old characters for Saints Row fans like myself to enjoy, but this is not meant to be part of that series. Anyone who compares the two in their review as if AoM was supposed to be another Saints Row game obviously did not research this game at all before they got it, which is their own fault, not AoM's. I pre-ordered this game and it is exactly what I was expecting, and I'm loving every second of it so far.The gameplay is spectacular. It's fluid, fast-paced, and every character feels different. I'm not someone who usually really gets into a game's combat, only really putting up with it to advance the plot. But this game? I'm starting up random fights with enemies in the world just for fun, which I usually avoid in other games. Driving gets you across town quickly, but I'd rather jump across rooftops to get there just because it'smore fun. Plus there are collectibles to find if you want them.The characters are unique from each other, and each very interesting in their own right. They have different mission-specific dialogue, and interact with each other differently, speaking to each other while you're playing. They also have sets of missions that are personal to them, and you get to learn more about their character and backstory through those. Even the characters on the main ship are unique, with their own stories.The game is very funny, just like I was expecting from a Deep Silver/Volition game. If silly, light, and occasionally juvenile humor isn't for you, then you likely won't enjoy the humor in any of Volition's games, as that's kind of their thing.Other than the main plot, there are activities in the city for you to do that will grant you rewards upon their completion. You can do them as many times as you like, and considering I did the Recon Run about five times in a row just because I could, I do not think they feel repetitive.While this is a spinoff, you can absolutely enjoy this game to the fullest if you've never played a Saints Row game. This is an alternate timeline from that series, and there are only three returning characters. Plus, since this is an alternate timeline from how we knew them, their backstories are now entirely different. Old players and new players both are learning about their lives in this universe just the same. You don't need to know who they were before to enjoy them now.I've seen people complaining about performance issues. While there are FPS drops when large series of explosions happen, I've optimized my game for performance using NVIDIA, and everything otherwise has been running perfectly fine for me for the 13 hours I have played at the time of writing this. The FPS drop will likely be patched in the future and I do not believe it is a big enough problem to discourage people from buying the game, since it only happens rarely and for a short period of time.In summary, this game is exactly what I was expecting, loads of fun, and I very much recommend it to anyone who is interested, Saints Row fans and newcomers alike. I hope this helps."
76561197988989171,Recommended,304530,34277967,Posted: 16 August,all,yuricatgirl,"This game let's you play as a super hero team, and they don't try to make you suffer for it by adding overly difficult enemies. I love that you get to play as some very strong women in the game (Braddock <3), and the humor is really pretty good to (I have had many laugh out loud moments). The mechanics are easy to understand and the combat is fun, so I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have fun and a few laughs, definitely worth the money in my opinion."
76561198068438804,Recommended,304530,34670441,Posted: 1 September,all,Matilda Wolf,"Sadly, this game is getting a lot of hate just because it isn't exactly like a Saints Row game. Yes, this game is suppose to be a spin-off of sorts but that doesn't mean it needs to mimic Saints Rows. I've sunk over 60 hours into this game at the time of typing this and I can easily say that Agents of Mayhem is a really fun game to play.PROS:Very fun storylineTons of likeable and zany charactersDorky villiansPacked with funny momentsBeautiful/Well-designed open-worldA car with a British AI that you can summon at almost any timeCONS:Slight audio issuesGame is laggy at first when you boot it up but gets smoother after a whileHad to restart a couple missions due to glitches"
,Not Recommended,304530,34376921,Posted: 20 August,all,cheesefreak,"as much as I personally like the gameplay itself, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game, it is very poorly optimized and extremely buggy, I've had 3 crashes to desktop in my time playing this, and the story ends on the cliffyest cliff hanger I think I've ever seen. the game feels half finished"
,Recommended,304530,34271731,Posted: 16 August,all,T0RB1T,"I'm gonna be honest, while others might be having serious performance issues, my 1070 is handling it just fine. Maybe it's a processor thing, maybe it's a windows version thing, maybe it's RAM, I honestly don't know.What I do know is this game is incredibly fun. I haven't had this much fun in a video game in a very long time.The Agents are unique, but fun enough on their own, the difficulty settings is actually one of the best things... Because it doesn't have to be too easy or too hard.I'm honestly loving it, and that's really it."
,Recommended,304530,34273550,Posted: 16 August,all,Sydch,"I love class based shooters. I spent my whole time in Overwatch nowadays. Especially In events, I play like 10 hours on a day. Why I love to playing them so much? That's a good question, because they have their unique weapon and skills that gaves them a unique personality. I love that thing. I love to playing something whole different when I switch my character. That feel keep games fresh. And it's not even changes if it's based on singleplayer, because that's something I love with Agents of Mayhem.Yeah, roast me. Even with it's faults, Agents of Mayhem is a great game. People being mad about ""It's a spin-off"", ""A sequel that nobody asks for"", ""Why there is no coop in this game!"". First of all, It's a sequel that I've asked for. I love Saints Row franchise. After Gat Out of Hell, they have two choices if they want to continute to release games based in this franchise. First option they have is rebooting. Lots of games reboots theirselves in this generation. I can give Tomb Raider, Doom and Devil may Cry as an example. Personally, I don't want to get games rebooted, but if they did it good, I'll support it.Second option is probably continute story like a bad taste of chewgum after we ruled Stilwater, Steelport, America and Universe itself. What would be a threat to our boss after we defeat an intergalactical alien lord? God itself? Gat already take one of their angels out. And fighting with a god after we fought with the devil itself is a little bit predictable.So what they did? The perfect option. The option that uses both of two options I've mentioned above. They made an ending in Gat Out of Hell which was God creates World again and retcon what happens before. They took this ending as canon and continute the story from now on in it. It's a perfect scenerio! Which makes this game a normal game instead of a just a ""spin-off"".Also they make this game as a singleplayer experience. Why you would ever want to get a coop in it? Is there any need to coop if game going to be success? Did Grand Theft Auto V has a coop? Did Witcher III has a coop? Nope. Singleplayer experience isn't bad it sounds like. If they make a game that be fun while playing it solo, my personal opinion is there is no need for any type of online gameplay.I don't even want to review this game, butpeople talk too much.It's a fun game to play, yeah It has some flaws, but we seen a lots of games that really broken like Arkham Knight. I've turn off some graphical things to get stable fps, you can do it too.Yeah it has some optimization issues, like every god-damn title that released in this generation. I don't defend it, even it's not bad as others, but problem is a problem, and size doesn't matter. It should be fixed. AFAIK, some Volition member said it's going to be fixed in FAQ. Until it fixed, lower your quality, I seem to have stable 60FPS and my game doesn't seem like a dirt.Hell I read few reviews and people mention this as a rip-off... It must be a joke. So, long story short, If you are a class based shooter lover, you should play this game. If you are a Saints Row fan, you should play this game. Especially It's good to saw some familiar things like Tanya, Hector and Joseph in Pierce's story-line. Like Deckers amblem on some headphones. It's little thing that makes me interested with retcon story. Also, I don't get the fact how the ♥♥♥♥ did Pierce ruled Stilwater better than Boss? That's a good question for another day."
76561198090774867,Recommended,304530,34987808,Posted: 15 September,all,Guydodge,game is awesome! a great start to what i hope becomes a long running series of AOM games.cant wait to see whats next
,Not Recommended,304530,34422548,Posted: 22 August,all,Vossil,"This game is a mess.The PC version is godawful on a technical standpoint. From massive performance issues, weird audio glitches, random crashes to outdated graphics, a lackluster soundtrack and awful AI, this game has it all.Not to mention bugs that keep you from progressing in the game, like locking you out of elite-legion tech which is part of the endgame content of this game.This game is archaic on so many levels, makes me wonder if the whole purpose of AoM was to make a quick buck to finance an upcoming SR5, hence the $60 pricetag.The story in this game, if you can even call it one, is not gripping at all. Some evil organization pops up and is destroying stuff.I didn't care for any of the characters in this game, quite the contrary. I can't stand like half the cast. To name a few: Friday and Gremlin are two of the most obnoxious and annoying characters in videogame history. Those two alone want me to switch sides to Legion, the antagonists of this game.Then there is Rama, an indian wannabe vigilante with an over the top indian accent that just makes you cringe. Hardtack, some ex-navy guy who now runs around with an eye-patch calling everyone a motherf****.The combat mechanics in this game are actually quite enjoyable, at first atleast. Once you realize the AI doesn't seem to get any smarter and an increase in the difficulty just increases the enemies damage and health, it gets old rather quick.The idea of building a squad of three people is indeed rather nice, until you realize this could've been done with just a single character with a loadout system. The whole changing agents thing doesn't make any sense, they just appear out of thin air? Why not scratch that idea and create a party system? Which brings me to my next issue with this game...Hi coop. None existent.This game's only multiplayer option is to help some other guy in your singleplayer game by completing objectives that resemble dailies from mmorpgs (e.g. kill 100 enemies).What a wasted opportunity.This game's story doesn't focus on the player, where choices matter. Hence I can't find any explanation as to why they didn't bother with coop.Seoul, the playground this game takes place in, is lifeless, clean and boring to look at. Apparently rain is non-existent there too. Civilians in GTA: Vice City had more interactivity than those in Agents of Mayhem.The vehicle AI is atrocious. Enemy and civilian cars constantly crash, get stuck, you name it. Vehicular combat is a joke, you can only ram enemies to destruction. But you have to ram them into walls, otherwise it'll take you ages to destroy a car. Funny thing is, they only have to but scratch a wall and they explode in flames.Gunplay in this game is cut back by terrible forced auto-aim. It's harder to miss a shot than to land one. Without it, I'd say they did a pretty good job at it.The special and mayhem abilities are uninspired and rather bland. Most of the time special abilities are just a more powerful shot or a grenade, while mayhem abilities buff you or debuff the enemy. Nothing really fancy there.Character progression and customization is a double-edged sword. While I appreciate the deep end-game customization of abilities, I don't get why they put that behind a massive grind. Furthermore I don't get why leveling up a character only results in a boost to passive abilities. Again, wasted opportunity and nothing fancy to be found here.This game is a grinders dream though and it urges me at times to go 100%.Actual character customization, as in the appereance of your agent, is an absolute joke. We're talking lazy outfit recolors. The only real good ""outfits"" will probably put behind a paywall.The visual fidelity of this game is outdated to say the least. Textures are muddy and hidden behind a mediocre cell-shading look. Effects are lackluster and unimpressive. Models are halfhearted, no real passion for detail felt here.The added in Nvidia effects are an absolute joke, I don't get why GameWorks is still a thing. Always leads to terrible performance. Even though that doesn't matter that much, since the performance and optimization is terrible anyways. There is one boss fight in this game that cuts your framerate by half, at times even more. No idea how that one went through QA.The sounddesign is mediocre, but ok. It doesn't have a striking soundtrack, nor are any of the sound effects bombastic. Fortune's ""pew-pew"" pistols actually made me laugh, perhaps intended though. You'll never know with Volition.All in all I'd rate this game a 5/10, if it didn't have all the bugs and performance issues, I'd give it a 6/10.Will I go 100% in this game? Probably, I'm a completionist when it comes to stuff like this.Can I recommend this game? Not at it's current price tag and technical situation.Wait for a discount and a few updates."
,Not Recommended,304530,34382414,Posted: 20 August,all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"Its not bad or negative per se, its just meh.One of the main scenarios or places is the legion lairs which are really recycled, I felt like i was going through the same place over and over.Even if you crank the difficulty up its pretty easy and simplistic.It feels more like mass effect 3 multiplayer than one of the previous developer games.The humour misses the mark pretty consistently, its cringy more often than not.Is it really bad? not really, just pretty meh."
,Not Recommended,304530,34471685,Posted: 24 August,all,Jondoe1791,Do not buy this game. Everything from the writing to the contols is total mediocrity.
76561197999365337,Recommended,304530,34281895,Posted: 16 August,all,Sky Leviathan,"I dont understand all the hate and disapproval. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, I think it is a game finally worth the price in recent months. SO many have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransactions, or♥♥♥♥♥♥behind paywalls. Even Shadow of War is going to have microtransactions! But anywho I can't see why people dont like the humor or dialogue or the way enemies/allies interact with each othert. It all feels like a Sunday Morning Action Cartoon... with cursing! Also when playing agent's your enemies will speak differently at them with taunts and such. Sure you only get one weapon per agent but the system of changing between 3 on the fly (Something i hated to hear when the first new came out about the game) makes it so you have a full range of weaponry to use. This isn't a grim dark action game this is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fun and having a laugh... and dare I say.. ENJOYING A GAME FOR BEING FUN... It isnt mind numbingly difficult unless you pick some super high difficulty (which im only on the 10th on as I play even with under level'd agents. Its a challenge but winnable.). I Say this game is awesome. It isnt Saints Row and you arent trying to be the Saints. It is it's own beast. And I love the creators are sticking to something they are comfortable with while still being crazy with ideas. I know this is a bit of a bad english ramble but I think this game deserves more love. Have a good one! Edit: Also no crashes or performance issues for me peronsally :o"
76561197970616802,Not Recommended,304530,34451312,Posted: 23 August,all,Fenris Hero,"This game is technically capable and utterly soulless.The map is on the small side, but you don't notice because you have minimal desire to explore it unless your hunting for something, and then you appreciate there isn't much map.There is none of the charm and humor you'd expect from the Saints Row team.  It's not bad humor that falls flat, its a lack of attempts at anything like that.  There are occasional bursts of team chatter over the radio in the game, but they come so infrequently that I seriously wonder if they pulled a lot of the dialogue out.  There are a couple of funny lines here and there, but the game doesn't seem to know if it wants to be funny or serious.Missions get repetitive real quick, and the long, randomly generated lairs do not offset this as there are not enough room configurations.There are some bright spots: the character designs and concepts are well thought out, some of the interactions are in fact pretty good when they do happen and the character specific missions are a strong point of the game, but I cannot escape the feeling that this game feels like it could've been funnier and more interesting, and it just didn't bother."
,Not Recommended,304530,35026984,Posted: 17 September,all,Talk Show Host,"Game stutters occasionally, not a fan of animated cutscenes, combat feels alright, missions are really repetitive and boring. Misses a lot of things from previous games, co-op, good music selection, story and limited customisation (no custom character). Maybe worth getting on a deeper sale."
76561198073135814,Recommended,304530,34512696,Posted: 26 August,all,Simmu,"This game is fun but it has a lot of flaws.Let me first tell you what this game gets right.-The combat in this game is awesome.-Clearing out waves of legion with differernt agents is always fun.-We can choose from a roster of  12 different agents.These guys are unique with their own strengths and -weaknesses.Customizing them with gadgets and legion techs and forming a 3 man squad who compliment each otherfeels great.-There are some really cool skins for characters that you recieve as random drops from chests or events.-Some of the bosses from main campaign are good.Now to the bad part-The main campaign is disapppointing.Apart from few mission most of them are plain boring.THey should have fleshed out the story a little more.The humor is terrible.-There are numerous side activities which are fun at first but gets way too repetitive like clearing legion lairs,legionoutposts etc.-City of Seoul feels like it has no 'soul'.-There were numerous bugs and crashes.-I wish they added more back story to agents.Most of their mission are just clearing legion lairs.This game could have been more than what it is right now.Well thats what i think about this game."
,Recommended,304530,34267923,Posted: 15 August,all,[BoTM] Anorax,"I am enjoying Agents of Mayhem. It has great graphics, sound, and I really like the voiceovers of the characters. I laughed at a certain mission which was describing a planet. The combat is excellent and there are lots of different abilities to try on the numerous characters. The game runs really well on my system and looks great. The style of the game can best be described as similar to Borderlands and Overwatch.Is it the best game ever made? No of course not. It suffers from juvenile humor and repetitive open world missions. Am I having fun with it? Hell yes. It is well worth the price which is cheaper than many other AAA games in the Steam store.Thumbs up Agents!"
,Recommended,304530,34273397,Posted: 16 August,all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,"LOVE IT!!!!F*(*&CK the Haters!!!!! SO many immature people now in steam forums that cry and whinge over anything.Game runs well and plays awesome ,what more you need??????"
,Recommended,304530,34300147,Posted: 16 August,all,GDylan,"Such a fun romp of a game. Hotswaping characters to maximize cooldowns and an interesting bunch of characters. Hopefully it maintains the level of humor and fun. Runs quite well too, as long as you know what dumb settings to turn off that are on by default. Bad popin though, wish i could ajust the load distance."
,Recommended,304530,34297414,Posted: 16 August,all,BROGOD,"This game does not give a single ♥♥♥♥ how you play it, and I've gotta say THAT is one of the big reasons to buy it. You can literally play the way you want to, when you want to and with who you want to. There are more than enough choices to choose from in terms of what agents to use, and there is at least something for everybody.The map is beautiful and so are the in-game aesthetics, graphically speaking. It's cartoony but still very nice and super easy on the eyes, very smooth looking and feeling.Driving could of used some improvement but it's not that bad and it's way more fun to just jump and climb around anyway. The shooting mechanics are on point, it feels solid and acts as it should. I love the sounds too.I don't really make reviews, this is my second. I just felt that the game needed to be praised for being as fun as it is. There's a lot of repetitive content, some not so funny jokes but the overallness of the game is solid. Missions are fun to play and have replay-ability value.Special abilities are dope and mayhem abilities are doper. There's so much to do in terms of destruction, flamboyantly getting around, driving in style, looking the part and being the best damn agent you can be.  I'm rambling at this point because the game, at least for me, is too enjoyable not to talk about.I just hope more DLC comes along and story extensions get added. I'm around thirteen hours in so far and loving it."
76561198067140134,Recommended,304530,34333342,Posted: 18 August,all,Gluv21,I bought this game because I wanted a run and gun game and was pleasantly suprised. the gameplay is a lot of fun. running and hi long around is fantastic. the amount of different characters is great and they all have some very funny one liners and personal stories.I know a lot of people are comparing about some technical issues but I have had zero problems in the 8 hours I have played so far and I'm playing just above minimum specs. with most settings on high.my only 2 complaints are pretty minor. I think the driving could use some work. it is just not very fun and the physics involved with trying to ram people off the road are truthfully absolutely terrible. making those missions some of the worst on the gameand it would be great to have some sort of travel powers or something there is a lot of jumping around and the occasional dash but I feel like I should be able to cover ground faster on foot.but despite these two things it's a very fun game and I am looking forward to playing some more.i recommend this game for anyone who like saints row or crackdown .
76561198125178291,Recommended,304530,34276877,Posted: 16 August,all,Cpt. Mittens,"After reading other reviews on Agents of Mayhem I see that there is a real mixed bag of oppinions and I completely get that and see why. Some people are unhappy with the performance issues and frame drops but I don't want to comment on this as I am well expecting a patch to iron these things out soon.When it comes to how the game plays and how much fun you will have, the game is a $60/£40 title and it has AAA tripping all over it. It is a well built game and you will get a lot of hours out of it. You will most probably get more than 40 hours. I tend to judge these kinds of games on a £1 an hour basis.The fun is there with this title, there is a huge amount of fun to be had and the game has taken a cartoonish style just like overwatch and boarderlands, this is another point that people do not like. BUT much like overwatch and boarderlands, this style does not depict the level of challenge and difficulty in it. There are a large number of difficulty options and they also add higher rewards for playing on those higher difficulties. If you think that this game is going to be easy even on higher diffs then you are very wrong. The game can be really challanging and anyone that is saying that there is no ""skill"" to be found are very wrong. You can and SHOULD turn off aim assist if you are using mouse and keys.The ""skill"" of the game comes into using your cooldowns and changing to the correct agent for the correct job. Different enemies do different things. You will have some that snipe you and run away and others that will get as close as they can. You have to get behind cover for some enemies attacks and rush other enemies. There is skill and choice to be made within the combat of the game. So if this is what is turning you away then you should look back and maybe watch some lets plays online and get to know the in game charecters and you might just be thinking to yourself, ""I would have done (this) instead"".The game has a huge upgrade system that will keep you progressing and entertained for hours to come, there is no doubt about that and these upgrades DO have an effect on the gameplay, this is another thing I am seeing in reviews. They DO have an effect! The upgrades or ""gadgets"" can completely change the playstyle of a charecter that you are playing. You can make a long range shotgunner that pushes enemies away instead of pulling them closer. This is one example.The game does have its issues and these are evident in the performance AT THE MOMENT. But the game itself is fun and that is really all I care about a game, is if it is fun. I am playing this with a large smile on my face pulling off some of the collest combos and kills and switching agents out to better combat my foes at the right times. I play this on a higher difficulty as it really feels like you are playing a bland boring shooter with no effort at the lower difficulties so it is a MUST play at higher difficulties!Do I think you should get this game? Look, if you want to save yourself £10/$15 in a couple months because you waited then sure you can wait for it to drop in price or go on sale. But really this is a well built game that I find is woth my investment of the full price they are asking for. I want to play the game earlier and there are no good games coming out any time soon so yes you should pick this game up if you have the cash to spare on it.*extra note* When you up the difficulty the AI deploys different tactics, it is not just a health and damage buff. This is a BIG plus in my books."
,Not Recommended,304530,34259850,Posted: 15 August,all,Ninjuca,The levels are pretty much boring and replaying themselves..
76561198043780977,Recommended,304530,35463290,Posted: 3 October,all,RodneyToady  ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,"Topline summary: * I enjoyed the game; * It's not Saints Row, so don't go in thinking it is; * I don't think it's worth $60... maybe 40.Background: I put a legit 100+ hours into this game.  I bought it because I'm a big Saints Row fan (SR2,3,4,GooH, and all available mission DLC).The good-  Playable characters are numerous and feel different when you use each of them- Writing for the characters, enemies, and storylines is enjoyable and usually funny- There are a lot of races/ethnicities represented by the characters, and they don't feel like pure stereotypes or caricatures of those races/ethnicities.  (That said, quite a few straddle the line between archetype and stereotype of the intersection of a character's race or ethnicity and gender and profession.  It never seemed to feel malicious or patronizing though)- Grinding for XP isn't that tedious- While it's not Saints Row, characters from SR do show up in their own alternate reality way, and it generally works- The overall pacing is pretty good and the number of missions seems right for the main missions- I like the GI Joe/Saturday morning cartoon feel to it allThe bad- The city feels small, mainly because a lot happens above and below ground level rather than across a lower, wide city- A lot of the game is underground lairs that repeat the same few rooms and the same few missions- You can fine tune the difficultly level, which is good, but you need to because by midgame you'll be extremely overpowered at all but the highest difficulty levels- There are four kinds of attack: normal weapon, special, Mayhem, and ""Gremlin tech"" which is like super-special.  I almost never used Special or Mayhem attacks, and only used one of the many options of Gremlin tech which is a team auto-reincarnate.  As you upgrade, most of your characters will be so overpowered that you just need your basic weapon- There's no co-op.  Given the nature of this game, it's a glaringly obvious missing element- Every character has a unique weapon, which means a good character with a bad weapon will only be used when absolutely necessary- Driving/vehicles are simulaneously awkward and underutilized.  It's a small city, so driving never takes long.  Your vehicles are okay, civilian ones suck, and you can't take enemy ones.  You can't shoot while driving.  There is no SR-type vehicle collecting, or modding, or races.  And no motorcycles, which could work better on the map.- Music isn't really a thing, so don't expect a GTA or SR3 or SR4 soundtrack of licensed music.  What they do have is pretty good though.I don't regret pre-ordering, and if there is mission DLC I'll buy it.  When the Lazarus character DLC comes out, I'll buy that.  And if they make a sequel (which seems unlikely), I'll pre-order it.  This is by no means a bad game.  It's an ok game with some flashes of good, but it gets undermined by some lack of creativity in mission structure (for the lairs primarily) and half-assing the vehicle part."
76561198069287780,Recommended,304530,34275756,Posted: 16 August,all,RedStar,To start this off This isn't a Saints Row game. It's very far from it. You shouldn't come into it expecting The Boss to be in Seoul. But any Saints Row fan should check it out for all the things related to the first 3 games. Right now the game is a little buggy and crashes a lot but I expect that to be fixed soon. I would say wait a month or so before you get the game though. Overall a decent game.
76561198047292553,Recommended,304530,34278372,Posted: 16 August,all,devilindupriest,"Lots of reviews already spelling out most of the issues with the game.  It's a fun game, I enjoy the style, and the game play.  The emptiness people talk about is real, and a lot of the other issues are as well, and they detract from the experience, but it is overall a good game.  What's more, it is an EXCELLENT foundation.  If they take this open world they've created and instead of DLC for fuzzy boots and horse armor add more gameplay, more in the way of a living, breathing world, and just generally build up from this foundation to address all the things currently lacking or lackluster it could be amazing.  $60 is a steep investment for merely ""good"", so if you're on a budget I'd say wait and see how it goes.  But I think overall it's worth the cost as long as you enjoy what you get out of it, and I do.   The gameplay is fun in the moment, the missions while repetitive are well enough designed, visuals are good, and I've had zero problems on an RX480 which has honestly given me problems on EVERY other higher end game I've tried to run on it up to and including SR IV.  (Seriously wishing I'd gone Nvidia...)   The biggest thing they could do is add some 'connectedness' between things, this then that, the stuff of living breathing worlds.  Characters talk, but they're all saying basically set piece dialog,  unrelated to any response or stimuli from other characters.  (outside of cut scenes, obviously).    Between the vague sense of emptiness and that it leaves the whole thing feeling like the clever animatronic it all is rather than a real world.    But it is very pretty, and pretty fun.  So I'll recommend it with the caveat that if you're on a budget, save your money for a sale or something that gives more than just 'pretty good' return for your buck."
,Recommended,304530,34272099,Posted: 16 August,all,[BSM.p] Goldheart55,"I'm recommending this game because it is pretty good gamepay wise, but it has some bad issues that need to be fixed before I'd ever suggest it to others.The biggest issue being the stability of the game. Currently if you change any graphic setting, no matter how minor, you NEED to restart the game or it will chug around 20 FPS even on my extremly high end hardware (GTX1080, I7 6900k, 32gb 3200mhz DDR4 ram). This doesn't seem to be a very taxing game visually so it has very little reason to have such a dip. After a restart however, it hovers at 112fps on Ultra at 1080p. I really hope his is addressed soon.The next is the speed of the gameplay, most importantly the fluidity of it or lack there of. It feels good to run and shoot, but the issue comes to jumping. All agents stop shooting when they jump and charged weapons such as the bow have to be redrawn. The second issue of jumping is agents lose all momentum with every jump grinding the ""haste"" buffs or fast agents to a hault. This can be seen very quickly as soon as any of the racing trials are done. This kills the fluidity of an otherwise seemless control. I really hope this gets adjusted soon cause it could really lead to some of the best 3rd person gunplay in a while.The last complaint I have is balance between the agents and the viability of the abilities. Some clearly are better choices than others. The first three that are given to the player are very good examples of this. Fortune and Hollywood are pretty much the same and the weapons and abilities they have ends up feeling like reskins. A few of the agents feel like just slight reskinsd of those with minor ups and downs. Because of this, it lacks the feeling of having to choose and instead relies on visual prefernce. Then you have Hardtack with a slow single target ability and a WORTHLESS Mayhem ability and other agents you get later that are ONLY good for thier Mayhem. Its so wierd like some of these abilities sounded good on paper, but no one tried to test them. I do not want anything to be nerfed to make these more viable, but maybe some of these could be buffed to get on par so the plkayer feels good about finding that perfect set up.On a closing note, It's really not that bad. So far I'm really enjoying the story and the humor that people seem to keep metioning I find it really charming. However the price for this kind of launch and to only have a singleplayer mode is really steep. For now I'll say it is good, but if you aren't 100% on it, maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,304530,34271988,Posted: 16 August,all,twitchtv/XieonHD,"I really love this game, I am a Saint's Row fan since the first game and heard that the makers of that series was going to make a action game thats not a Saints Row game (However its in the same universe, spoiler from Gat Outta Hell)  the gameplay is amazing, the story and artwork is like a saturday morning cartoon with unique personalities from the characters to stand out!I am in 7 hours in and loving it! I do recommend everyone to try this out, however if your not into silly banter and your a really serious person, you won't really like the game.However the gameplay is amazing! :D I love it, and if they make another game I would buy it again!"
76561198002590427,Not Recommended,304530,34428908,Posted: 22 August,all,T. K. Bold,"TL;DR VERSION:Not yet...THE LONG-FORM VERSION:First, I'll start off with the good things about this game. For what it's worth, the story is good, if heavily cliche'd; secret agent force fights against dastardly supervillains who are attempting to destroy a major city. It's an action story, through-and-through. Once you complete it, Mission Replay is unlocked, allowing you to complete the missions again! Always high marks in my book. But, anyone can take an old story and make it better, it just involves decent writing, which is another high-mark. The writing itself is spectacular, I love the humor that this game draws on.The gameplay is fast-paced and pretty quickly driven. You've got a three man team who, depending on who you're playing, have their own quips and dialogues during the story. If a character has a better skill against a particular enemy, they'll pipe up to you, asking to swap out to make fighting easier. The characters themselves are varied and interesting, each having their own skills, unlockable character and weapon skins, as well as their own set of missions and character backgrounds. In the ARK, (the mission HUB, basically) you'll find places to upgrade your secondary item, change your vehicles, make secondary items, send agents out on other assignments to get contracts for bonus mini-missions, as well as various boosts to gameplay, depending on your Agency Level. You can level each Agent to level 20 and give them revamped skill upgrades, but then you can make them a Super Agent, and expend Upgrade Cores to give them up to an additional 20 levels!There's lots to find and a lot of stuff to do! Soeul itself also looks great, as does the lair design for the villains.Now for the bad news... There's not enough. And what is there, there's problems with it.For starters, the three-man team is a cool idea, but it's so under-utilized in terms of its characterization during missions. Literally only your pointman speaks at any given opportunity during the main missions, with your other two only talking to remark they can handle an enemy or object. Cosmetically, I have issues with this. It's established in story that the characters on reserve are still able to speak, so why don't they have their own quippy moments in the story as well?Speaking of audio, the music in the game is forgettable at best, and all but nonexistent at worst. Yeah, it does fit the techno-ambiance that is all through Seoul, but, by and large, that is about it. There's only two or three vocal tracks that will likely be memorable (or stand-out as annoying, which understandable considering one of the threats is a supervillain expy of Justin Beiber,) but this isn't too bad since you're probably not gettign the game for its emotionally-driven music score. You might hear a few licensed K-Pop songs while driving/running down the streets of Soeul, but don't expect to hear them in your vehicle.In regards to the streets of Seoul, you'll discover very quickly that for all of the great visuals of Soeul's cityscape, it is a lot smaller than you think, and beyond a few particular buildings, you'll find that nothing really stands out. The techno/cybernetic aesthetic that encompasses the world makes everything start to look kind of samey after a while. This is especially true regarding the Legion Lair sidemissions, as there is only one tileset for them. They are randomly generated, but after a point, they start looking the same.The weapon and character skins I spoke of earlier can be found in lootboxes scattered through the game. The problem? Literally every lootbox you come across has its contents randomly generated. In a multiplayer game this isn't You might get cash, intel, scrap, machine parts, elemental fragments, dark matter residue, upgrade cores, crystal shards (of which collecting 10 gives you an upgrade core) vehicle blueprints, gadgets, upgrade blueprints, vehicle skins, character skins or weapon skins. You might get one, some, or a lot of these, depending on the size of the loot box you come across. In regards to skins and blueprints, however, you'll only get one, and again, all the content is randomly generated, so if you want the Gat Out Of Hell skin for Johnny Gat, get comfortable, or get lucky. There is an Agency ability which makes the CHANCE of loot boxes dropping skins/blueprints higher, but that only emphasizes the question of 'Why?' I would rather take the atrocious amounts of money my character has accumulated over the course of gameplay and buy the outfits I want, because after a certain point, money becomes effectively meaningless. By the end of the game I had $2,000,000 that I just didn't use because I didn't really have a reason to use it.The Agency upgrades are cool, yes, but there's so very few of them, and while your Agency can reach up to Level 20, the Agency Upgrades cap at 18. It makes me feel like the upgrades therein are of an incomplete list...Gameplay remains solid, but there are a few different problems with it. If you've been playing particularly well, the game will automatically kick up your difficulty. Normally this isn't a bad thing, but at a certain point the difficulty can start bearing down on you, and certain characters, like the melee-oriented Hardtack, or Red Card, whose special skill requires he become vulnerable to damage to be at all effective, no longer become viable, because the amount of damage you take on is just insane. There are a lot of sidemissions, but they're all very simple, usually requiring a car be brought to a location, killing a vehicle or squad of enemies. The bigger missions that pop up do break up the monotony, but doing them will have one of your bases be captured, requiring you to break them free again.My biggest complaint with the games is the bugs. Sweet Jesus, there is a lot of them. It's all but guaranteed you'll run into at least one reset-requiring bug during your gametime, be it an enemy you need to kill clipping through the game world, being unable to interact with mission objectives, vehicles, your game map losing icons... or a mission event just not starting altogether! I've had to reset the game three times in thirty minutes because I couldn't enter a vehicle, I couldn't hack a console and a targetted enemy dropped through the floor! There are some less devastating bugs that happen, such as mission music playing over closing cutscenes. It's nothing truly terrible, but it is a distraction.For sixty bucks, the game feels very small, and fairly short. The presence of sidemissions do add some longevity into the game, as does the Mission Replay, but with so few missions in the game, and no multiplayer capabilities, it really doesn't do much in terms of keeping the game alive. Once you level all your characters, your Agency, buy all the upgrades for them, find all your vehicle blueprints, all the skins and all that... there's not really a whole lot to bring you back for more. It's not a bad game, by any stretch. But it is flawed, and not what I'd hope for in a full-priced game. If you're a fan of the Saints Row spirit brought in by SR3/4, I strongly urge you to get it, but wait for a sale. But full-price, at launch time? Not yet."
,Recommended,304530,34285688,Posted: 16 August,all,KRDiStort,"(Since I can only choose one or the other, I choose thumbs up. Let the record show, though, that if there was a wavy-hand middle-rating, I'd pick that.)Agents of Mayhem is a perfectly servicable third-person shooter... but not much else. The gunplay is fun and there are lots of characters to tinker with, but the sandbox city is just so empty and lifeless. There's just nothing to DO in this game besides the missions, most of which are just variations of ""go here, shoot this.""I don't think it's a bad game, and I am enjoying the shooty bits, but it's just not good enough to lay down sixty bananas. If you ever want to give this one a try, get it on sale. Like, a BIG sale. 50% off, at the absolute least."
,Not Recommended,304530,34444933,Posted: 23 August,all,DarkPenguin,"It's a mechanically sound game that misses every mark it tries to hit. The unispired writing and gameplay make it feel like a unfinished product. It looks Saints Row, but, Saints Row it is nowhere close to being. Hard to believe it was developed by the same team."
76561198042062416,Not Recommended,304530,34464430,Posted: 24 August,all,Rocket Raccoon,"I wish there was an option to give this game a star rating instead of a like or dislike. I honestly enjoy the game fort what it's worth, but there was just so  much of what feels like missed potential.  The combat is incredibly fun (albeit tedious after difficulty 13) and the difference in the agents adds an element of variety to the combat.  The humor from the Saints Row series is clearly present and it still feels very much like the saints row 3 and 4 games.  However, between the constant game crashes, countless bugs and glitches, it is hard for me to give it my stamp of approval at this point regaurdless of how much I might want to.  In it's current state I can't justify its $60 price tag.  Hopefully they release patches that fix the major gameplay problems, but as far as the content itself, I would say if you loved the Saints Row 3 and 4 games, then this is for you.  Maybe just wait until the game inevitably goes on sale.TL;DR: Game is fun, but buggy and crashes. Currently can't recommend at $60."
76561198072215601,Recommended,304530,34282385,Posted: 16 August,all,BTsanwich,What's up with all the red thumbs?  Are you all playing the same game I'm playing?  AOM is so much fun!  It's like saturday morning cartoon the game.  In my opinion this is a HUGE improvment to the Saints Row games.
,Recommended,304530,34546089,Posted: 27 August,all,I box bears,"A fun, flawed game with great ideasFirst off, THIS IS NOT SAINTS ROW.  But I played and love SR: The Third, SR:IV, and SR: Gat Out of Hell. I pre-ordered this at full price and loved this game.  The movement is great; I found myself jumping/dashing straight to my objective instead of driving.  I found Agents/heroes that I really enjoyed playing.  I really enjoyed playing with an agent’s gear and skills, trying to find the best spec.  I put together some agent builds that let me take on harder difficulties and builds to blow through lower difficulties (as you go through the game you can set it from 0-15 for cash/XP rewards).  I enjoyed this violent adult game inspired by GI Joe and the Saturday morning cartoons of my youth.Agents of Mayhem felt ambitious, full of great ideas, but the game seems to have needed a bit more polish and/or budget.  I feel they made a great universe, with a lot of story in it. People have issue with the writing/jokes; it can be a bit juvenile. Will you like it? If you had trouble with the writing/jokes on Borderlands 2, you will want to skip this.  This looked great on my pc (i7-2600k, RX480), but I had some bugs.  It froze on me a few times, requiring me to kill it in Task Manager. Sometimes abilities won't work when switching missions (hitting Tab then escape usually fixes it). I would say the bug issues are maybe a little worse than I had with Fallout 4.To enjoy the game: mainline the story and character missions, don't spend too much time on the open world side stuff unless you find it really fun.  It will get repetitive.  The lairs follow basic room layouts, which helps you find loot boxes/side rooms with loot, but it can be boring.  Don't sweat losing outposts/businesses as the game goes on.  Don't stress about saving abilities.  Always have the overpowered single use items on cooldown - you find a lot of them and end up with plenty of stuff to craft them. Ignore your ego and set the difficulty to what is fun for the agents you are using. I had less fun at higher difficulties that turn the enemies into bullet sponges. Rotate through your team in combat so they heal – you could even rotate so their special abilities are always on cooldown.This flawed game was a lot of fun to play.  I enjoyed the story and most of the humor.  I hope there is a sequel with a bigger budget."
,Recommended,304530,34409094,Posted: 21 August,all,M X RNKE,"Many reviews on this game appear to be written by persons who have played the game for a short while. As someone who has played this for a fairly long time time now, I feel I can give a more balanced approach to the game:This is a game that requires grinding. Unlike Saints Row, there are really ridiculous abilities and equipment waiting to be unlocked for even the seemingly useless characters.The team combination requires a strategy and tactics, it is no longer like Saints Row where you can mindlessly go around blowing up enemies.This game requires the thinking similar to a RPG. You need to think of it like a party system to pick agents with their specialties for different enemies. People who complain about snipers have not obviously read about Ranma's passive or unlocked Oni yet.The basic car sucks. There is a best car in the game, but it took me a long while to unlock it because it took much looting to finally get it.It has bugs. Even game breaking ones such as enemies stuck within walls (in a Legion Lair), Gravity Dominators with control devices that cannot be interacted with, even when the interact icon pops up, and spawning in the ARK inside the generator, unable to get out. Most had to be solved with a mission/game restart.No issues with the graphics, since i turned down pretty much everything to medium setting.If you like grinding, this would appeal to you as it did for me.EDIT: Now that I've finished the campaign, there really isn't much to do left. If they would only allow co-op or add new content to it..."
76561198053942148,Not Recommended,304530,34893597,Posted: 11 September,all,Cockatiel,"I wanted to like this game so much, but it's just too boring and repetative.pros:It tries to be slightly different than other open world third person games by giving you three characters at once.The open world has cool secret dungeon entrances hidden around that let you into a random dungeon. Benches flip up, fake walls slide open, plant pots slide over and the dungeons are just sitting their to be looted.cons:The open world has no seoul or character to it, and it's small and poorly realised.  All the dungeosn have the same grey tile set, which gets so old so fast.The game is too repetative, The game feels like a chore from the start, to the point where you say enough is enough (you wont beat it)All the characters feel too similar, and their moves and weapons lack punch.horrible PC port, runs like a one legged gold fish in a washing machineToo much Sonic Heroes, not enough Crackdown.The game drains your spirit as you play, even as a minigame in a full saints row game, this game would still be awful.Don't get this game, even on a sale. Just don't. For the love of god. Heed my warning to you. Stay away.I have put 100+ hours into No Mans Sky, and I genuinly enjoy it for what it is. So when I tell you, a normal gamer, to stay away from this, you'd better damn well listen to my advice.If you have a child chained to a wall in your basement, and are looking for a cheap way of torturing it, I guess you could pick this up on a sale."
,Not Recommended,304530,34613792,Posted: 30 August,all,Chaytel,"It's been about a week since launch, and many people, myself included can't play at all due to sound problems, crashes, or game breaking bugs, some of which have no ETA on a fix at all. I expect much better from this studio. Pick it up for five bucks n sale in a year or two when and if it becomes playable."
,Not Recommended,304530,34503616,Posted: 26 August,all,rootfs.ext2.gz,"I come from the perspective of a Saints Row 3/4 fan (I enjoyed Gat Outta Hell, but I wasn't blown away unlike Saints Row 3 and 4). The writing in SR3 was smartly dumb, and the writing in SR4 was smartly endearing and chock-full of pop culture references. The combat in both SR3 & SR4 was okay, but what made the action fun was the amount of wacky toys the game constantly gave you and let you go nuts in the world because ""hey, why not? this is a videogame, go nuts and unwind"". Not only that, but the story/mission set-pieces would always be something to look forward to as you know you were always going to go in for a blast.Agents of Mayhem isn't like that. The writing is nowhere near as clever or as sharp as the previous entries. The 2D animation is OK at best and at worst just pictures with audio overlapping. There are very few actual mission set pieces, and out of all the big set pieces that were set-pieces I can't think of any actual genuine favourite moments where I can say ""oh my god I loved XYZ"". In Saints Row The Third I'd probably say it was battling the Luchadores in the ring. In Saints Row 4, I have to say the ending mission just knocks it out of the park. Both SR3 and SR4 have brilliant moments but I'm trying to keep this review short.Agents of Mayhem would probably be a faint recommendation if it weren't for the bugs. From the game just crashing to desktop to a non-stop loading screen to not being able to progress a mission without restarting *the entire game* - for a game that was average without the bugs, the bugs for me put this game more into the mediocre category.As a fan of Saints Row, I can appreciate some of the little things in the game, such as:- the actual main city is well designed for the player's traversal rather than just being hacked together- driving around the city is actually really nice with a lot of areas designed for stunting- dynamic weather- actual honest-to-god diverse characters in terms of gameplay, background, storyline and progressionBut it isn't enough to override the ""okay-ness"" of the entire game. It's not a horrible game by any means, it's just OK, and that's what kills it for me. This could've been so much more with Volition's talent, but it feels like a waste."
76561197970060022,Recommended,304530,34297177,Posted: 16 August,all,Furyior,"<TLDR: if you are okay with a mindless shoot everything untill it explodes game with few good gags and repetitive gameplay get this! but maybe not for the asking price.>So far i am kind of on the fence with this game if there was a middle option between yes and no i would go there on my vote.It seems fun to play and unlocking characters is fun and character stories are fun and the general story is pretty good i havent unlocked all characters yet but i have about 50% of them and the ones i do have are pretty enjoyable.however the general movement feels a little off to me and the car controls seem a bit clunky its not as smooth as i'd expect from a game of its type and feels maybe even a little rushed.the combat though fun can get a little bit repetitive with so far there not being much variation between quests other than go in kill a bunch of guys  and make explosions while sliding and jumping around like a mad man.all in all i recommend this game for a fun casual game for those not to picky about repetitive gameplay but not at the £40 price tag maybe get it when its £20 tho this game is  pretty big in things to do the repetitive nature makes me feel its not worth the asking price , i hope or future sake the company takes this on board and realises people wont do the content if the mechanics involved are boring after so many times :).hope this helps some out there"
76561198092117785,Not Recommended,304530,34317986,Posted: 17 August,all,Ronnie,It gets dull very quickly
76561197970948887,Not Recommended,304530,34298449,Posted: 16 August,all,jpnhTarkin,"did not like. it's humor is really cliché and really unfunnygameplay is basic and uninteresting. thought it would be more like saints row 4 but... nowhere near to being that good, pretty unfortunate, the universe is pretty awesome though. so if you can ignore the basic gameplay, the lack of actual attempts on being funny with original things, then it might be good for you."
,Not Recommended,304530,34373877,Posted: 20 August,all,AdmiralVortex DASH TheEmperror,"Mouse acceleration that can't be disabled, horrible performance issues on multiple systemsWait this one out, maybe they'll fix it"
76561198046212679,Recommended,304530,34272738,Posted: 16 August,all,MaddAdam,"The dialogue is often a little cringe, but the shooting feels good, and the driving is really smooth.I think it’s good. I’d give it a 7/10, and I’m probably going to play it again when I’m done.It isn't as good as Saints Row, so if you thought Saints Row was a 7, you might want to drop a point or two from what you can expect."
,Recommended,304530,34271386,Posted: 16 August,all,Tarradax,"Game runs at a solid 60 on my machine at Ultra, so I'm assuming people who complain about it are running it on toasters or something. I dunno. Read the system requirements, they're there for a reason.Game itself: Fun, no thinking required, just go crazy with it. Lots of stuff to do, interesting agent backstories and missions, a very long story campaign (Stat tracker says 57 plot missions).The one complaint I've got is the driving. It's as bad as SR4 but you don't have Superman speed here so you actually do have to drive. At least you have a free and instant ""Summon Car"" ability."
76561198058485950,Recommended,304530,35315180,Posted: 29 September,all,wdude1,"Great game to relax with after a long day at work. Nothing ground breaking in terms of open world games, but it has fun characters and balanced gameplay. I definitely feel that I got my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,304530,34277353,Posted: 16 August,all,TheBowWowers,"After 22 hours of gameplay, i actually finished the game. To top that off, theres almost no reason to go back...The only thing left for me to do going back is to max all agents level out, complete global conflict with all agents, find techs or skins and collect crystal shards. That's basically it! There's seriously nothing left to do in the game!The best way for me to describe this game is a great combat system but pretty much non-existant content.Boss fights are mediocre and in some cases just a reskined super powered normal soldier (Looking at Hammerfist & Ariadne)The map is extremely small with pretty much nothing to see or do. Worse is the way ""Dungeons"" are made. They look completely identical and once you've seen the first legion lair, you've seen it all.In terms of story and campaign, everything was extremely short and feels incomplete. Each agent basically has 1 investigation mission and 2 story mission. Each Boss has 2 story and 1 boss fight. That sums up to about 50 something TOTAL missions in the game, both side and main. Each mission takes approximately 10 minutes to complete depending on the difficulty giving about 8-10 hours of actual gameplay while the rest is just running about or hanging in the ARK.On top of that, ive had further performance issues with the game.* Could not activate Mayhem (Ultimate) unless i returned to the ARK.* Could not call vehicle unless i returned to the ARK.* Some cutscenes end earlier and put me back into gameplay with no advancement in the story meaning i am unable to progress unless i restart the mission.* I fell through the map a couple of times while transitioning room.* A certain boss fight that hosted many people tanked my FPS when i looked at their direction forcing me to have to fight while looking away from the crowd.Not even multiplayer can save this game. Add more content. And by content, i mean things to do not nonsense like skins and cosmetics. Why the hell would i want cosmetic items in a SINGLE PLAYER GAME anyway?I STRONGLY reccomend holding off from the game unless it receives a big sale. Extremely disappointed at the severe lack of content in the game.Previous positive review below:This game is really fun. Heroes feel extremely varied and customiseable (Not cosmetically, gameplay wise).The only issues ive run into this game so far (Minus stuff like wonky driving):* Crashed once while finishing Rama's unlock mission.* Seeminly randomly, the game freezes up completely for a second or two before going back to gameplay. Happens between 5-30 mins at a time.* Driving extremely fast does not render certain items ahead. This is not so bad as the ones that did render give me enough time to steer clear from.My config is as follows:i5 6600GTX 107016GB RAMRunning on Custom settings, mostly all high minus the following:* Sun Shadows on Normal* Planar Reflection on Normal* Shadow detail to Medium* Setting effects to NormalOutputting average 110fps and dips to as low as 50 something fps in big fights on an 1080p monitor.Hope the game gets optimised for anyone that DID have issues.This game genuinely is a blast to play minus the performance problems.Did not expect Pierce or Oleg to be here...Edit:Also to address the themes of the many negative feedbacks for this game:Something of note however is i personally feel alot of these negative reviews are people whining that this wasnt a Saints Row 5 and bashing the game simply because it wasnt SR5.PerformanceI have to agree with this one. I've seen quite alot of issues on other peoples rig particularly the FPS tanking to 20 or less by opening the menu, looking at certain directions or seemingly randomly.The best i can say for this is wait for optimization for the game and try running the settings above i reccomended. If im not mistaken, theres a demo for this game too so give that a shot before purchasing to see if you encounter any issues!Not Saints RowHonestly, this can't be avoided.In this universe, people are whining about how this game is nothing compared to saints row.In an alternate universe, people are whining about how Saints Row 5 has become the Call of duty of gaming, milking people for money for the same content.Alot of these reviews also compare the two game together. I think it's important to note the gameplay is starkly different. Plus, it's not like Voliton/Deep Silver MUST only create SR. Im glad they tried something different.Story/CharacterToo each their own? Minus the recurring characters from the saints row franchise, i really enjoyed all the character's story and background including how they respond.In particular, i really like it how all 12 agents have their own lines and response to the same scenarios.Environment/WorldI have to admit i mostly play this for the missions, side quest and collectibles. Im not here to sightsee. Regardless, the world so far looks very nice and appealing so i dont really have a problem with this.Misc items of note* Driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It feels weird as hell and the physics are terrible. This is usually more to comedic effect for me than it is nuisance.* Lack of customisation. All you have is pre made skins you can pick something like in Borderlands for both cars and character. It's a single player game. I dont really care about this.* No Co-op. This was also disappointing for me but nonetheless understandable. The game revolves around swapping between 3 agents for different scenarios. Adding another player in the game would definitely warrant having to rebalance ALL the agents, enemies and probably rewriting the AI to respond to two players as opposed to one. Particularly the Mayhem combos."
,Recommended,304530,34272794,Posted: 16 August,all,apache_lives,"Just finished playing the first mission and the game is running great, gameplay is great and the characters seem cool.I read other reviews is i would like to point out the following 1) this is NOT a SAINTS ROW game, its not called it is isnt supposed to be one dont compare it and 2) game performance is fine on my i7 7700, 16gb ram and Nvidia 1070 running Windows 10"
,Not Recommended,304530,34504527,Posted: 26 August,all,Nex,"This is not a good game. Looking past the numerous performance issues the gameplay is repetitive, the open world offers no sense of progression, it is not balanced very well and the humour is extremely flat. Very disappointed as I loved the saints row games. This game ain't worth £40."
,Recommended,304530,34276959,Posted: 16 August,all,Natas,The game is awesome so far
76561198032773979,Recommended,304530,34283617,Posted: 16 August,all,Gorillastache,"Its all big dumb gun. I mean fun. Story is whatever, the city itself is pretty forgettable, it thinks its a lot funnier than it is and the great licensed music from Saint's Row is sorely missed. But the moment to moment gamplay is a blast and was plenty good enough to make me want to keep going. In addition switching between all the different characters means gameplay never gets old. And there are some genuinely hilarious moments amid the plethora of jokes that bomb. Recommended to anyone who likes Saint's Row, Crackdown, and the like. Even if I kind of wish I was just playing Saint's Row 5."
,Recommended,304530,34272762,Posted: 16 August,all,SekTiCore,"Such negative reviews for such a nice game. Agents of Mayhem is pretty much Just Cause, but in the world of Saints Row. You're supposed to blow things up and kill everything in sight. It's not a masterpiece, but most of the bugs will be fixed in due time. If you are a die hard Saints Row fan, pick it up! There are a ton of references to the old games in there as well. My only complaint, which I stated would be fixed in the near future, is that it is poorly optomized. If you're on the ropes, go ahead and wait for a sale or buy it on♥♥♥♥♥for a slight discount."
,Recommended,304530,34283859,Posted: 16 August,all,Loaded Glove,"I'm not super picky and my skill level is average.My specs are: i7 6700k (stock), 2x 16gb 2666xmp, maximus hero viii, gtx 1080 (factory oc), samsung 950 pro 512 m.2, 850w psu, 10 proIt's a grinder so expect repetition, but the mechanics are simple with enough depth and variety to be really fun. Big semi/mostly open world that looks amazing and even if you can't max the settings, the art style is fantastic! Great cast of characters to unlock and plenty of skins, abilities, upgrades. Light and funny dialog from the characters which all have pretty cool personalities, but not much depth to them. Not done with the game yet, but I'd say the range of play time can vary a lot depending on your skills and play style. I'd say at least 20 hrs, but can easily play 40 and beyond.gfx: 8.5/10sound: 7/10gameplay: 7.5/10performance: 6.5/10value for full price: 6.5/10overall: 7.2due to the art style, creativity and potential play time, this game is worth full price for a sp experience imhoif you rarely like to pay full price, still consider this game once it is on sale"
,Not Recommended,304530,34452014,Posted: 23 August,all,RainFlash,"I joined the franchise for Saints Row 3, and enjoyed Saints Row 4, and to less of an extent Gat Outta Hell. But this is not nearly as pollished as any of those games. It's a great game, but bugs and random lagging kinda ruin it.Lag: I can run Ultra at my 1920 resolution, with 60Hz for the most part, but random lags convinced me to turn it down to high... Don't think it helped much, if at all.Buggy/glitched: I have had to restart missions because my objective is in a wall, crate (although sometimes you can still deal with create), or not moving. Emertion goes down with bugs, and enoyment goes down having to restart a section of a level over someone stuck in a wall.Test: I also just got to the final boss (took a bit with me wandering instead of playing main mission, plus kids slow me down) and I am forced to drive a vehicle, no big deal, but every time I get to a section my vehicle stops all together and I cant hop out. It's frustrating.It kinda feels this is another compainy that feels the need to join EA in not testing their game. I think this is getting pretty sad when indies made by an individual or teams of less then ten people are more stable then big company games. Starting to feel like they just want to push content, instead of playability. In it's current state feels more like a Beta."
,Not Recommended,304530,35043963,Posted: 18 September,all,GSK,"There are rarely any dialogues in the game. Villians have monologues, and your current character only reacts to them. There is no back and forth in almost any mission. Going multiple playable character forces you to have generic reactions across all characters, and this kills the dialogues and the game for me. The dialogues and the writing makes Saints Row my absolutely favorite game series of all time. Agents of Mayhem fails on that part."
,Recommended,304530,34271642,Posted: 16 August,all,SovietLlama,=======Gat is back and is still ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ up=======
76561198007337907,Not Recommended,304530,34405957,Posted: 21 August,all,Advocatus Peregrini,"There's the potential for a good game here, but simple errors weigh it down to an unacceptable level.1) Too many bugs. Too many missions failed or uncompletable due to clipping into walls and floors, or because doors that are supposed to open don't.2) Too many repetitive missions. There is little variation in mission design.3) Unskippable cutscenes, such as the departure sequence get very repetitive over time.4) Very poorly organized menus and UI. It is very difficult to equip and select your squad. Equipment seems to unequip itself randomly.The basic shooting mechanics are good, and the concept is interesting with the potential for interesting squad building, but the bugs and the counter-intuitive UI make it very burdensome to play."
,Recommended,304530,34269541,Posted: 15 August,all,ghst,"So far the game is excellent. There are some issues with Ultra settings, however the game still looks ran on high. So I have been playing on high for now. The gameplay itself is great, a mix of different agents and play styles. A large amount of customization with abilities, gadgets, and items. The game dialogue can be kind of cheesy but that's the style they are going for, pretty similar to Saints Row 4. If you are looking for an Open World game, I'd say pick this up."
76561198256118991,Recommended,304530,34300387,Posted: 16 August,all,Twitch.tv/CrazyJayBroadcasts,"One of the funnest games Ive played so far this year. The comedy and style for the game is fantastic although the story is underwhelming and fleshed out but thats expected from a game primarily about action gameplay. If youre looking for a game to have fun with and enjoy yourself and relax i rec getting this since its easy to get into, has many characters, and has outstanding gameplay and combat mechanics. Just dont expect an SR game or any valid storyline since its pure fun and gameplay. (Game also has some issues with glitches sorry if you deal with that.)EDIT:Seriously considering this game to be MY Game Of The Year. This is the first game Ive played in 2017 that has actually grabbed me in to stream hours and hours of content without actually getting bored. Ive had so much fun with this that I cant stop playing everyday. This is my personal opinion on how much fun ive had with this game. Again, still a lackluster story but its also filled with content for you to just have FUN and nothing else.8/10"
,Recommended,304530,34297022,Posted: 16 August,all,Wormoxide,"LikedWell done cartoon aesthetics, none of the textures seem out of place.Sound effects can be adjusted to not be overbearing as voice is given priority.  This results in guns sounding weak, but the trade-off is less ear fatigue.  The sound mixing also has a Michael Bay setting.The feature to pick three agents and tweak their individual abilities allows for a wide range of customization.  So far, the agents are all well rounded and balanced with none having a clear advantage in all situations.The music is stealth and by that I mean it is purely for ambiance.  For this style of game that is a good match.Each agent has a short backstory before unlocking them.  This gives the player the opportunity to learn about the agent as well as learn about their base skills.  There are also side quests for agents that unlock more customization.Difficulty can be adjusted at the base and it is tied to experience and money gain.  This is valuable for getting a newly unlocked agent to higher level.DislikedSome bugs to be worked out with event triggers. So far needed to restart three different missions, because an event trigger during the mission failed to fire.  Really just a minor annoyance as bugs like this are eventually patched.A few times so far enemies just froze in place.Other ThoughtsThe cutscenes are pre-rendered and it is a mixed bag.  It makes me feel like I am inside a GI Joe cartoon. On the other hand, I am so used to cutscenes not being pre-rendered that this also pulls me out of the action.Have not experienced any FPS issues or graphical errors despite having similar hardware to those claiming to have issues. Stays rock solid at 1080@60FPS with high or ultra settings."
76561198312756896,Recommended,304530,34274171,Posted: 16 August,all,mikeg,"Loving the game, some problems with the performance, managenable in my case by disabling Nvidia Features, but still, the game needs nome optimization, hope some patch aliviate this."
,Recommended,304530,34479686,Posted: 25 August,all,"Haki ""Grey-Röck"" Belegarssøn 👉🤛","Whenever a new product follows or at least has a connection to a well known, beloved franchise, expectations are made. Volition knew that, but I can also imagine they wanna do something else after sticking to the Saints Row brand for 10 years especially when Red Faction is no longer in their hand anymore. There are expectations, reasonable expectations when it comes to ""new project from Saints Row developers"", and of course Saints Row 5/V always tops the list. A lot of eyebrows were raised once Agents of Mayhem were first announced and the way Deep Silver marketed the game really didn't help to show what it truly is.""♥♥♥♥ing captain obvious it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Overwatch clone set in open world and becuz it doesn't have co-op, it sucks.""And I'm gonna address this common misconception about Agents of Mayhem, right now.This game oozes the same old (flawed) designs from Volition's previous games, while Steelport being an incredibly boring and plain looking industrial city, Seoul does have a really pleasing futuristic aethestic going on for it, but it once again lacks immersion, no radio, peds are pure landmark filler and overall the city's just glorified driving section with very little personality behind it - which, to be honest I don't think is a huge far cry from Steelport because I found it just as boring in SR3RD. Mission structures are repetitive with shooting gallery sections after shooting gallery sections, sometimes you hack something or destroy marked explosive things, which - once again, I don't find more repetitive than Saints Row The Third and Saints Row IV. The problem with AoM is the game throws you into procedural LEGION lairs that have limited number of room layouts which make missions that take place in there lairs feel much more repetitive than normal missions.That saidAoM is a really difficult game to recommend because you really really have to know what you're getting into and you have to like a specific aspect of it enough to see its true value. While on the surface, it doesn't seem to bring any special value when compared to other games in the same genre, but if you dig deep enough, there's a really entertaining character driven experience that's also very combat centric. Yes, Agents of Mayhem is a combat game at its finest, and dare I say it has probably one of my most favorite combat systems in third person shooter genre of all time.You see, the thing about no co-op grind my gear as much as everyone else when Volition announced its absence, however the more I play AoM the more I understand why they decided to left it out, and I'm actually glad they did. Agents of Mayhem's combat system relies heavily on agents' synergy, one must decide to pick their fav set of three that fulfills different roles in different ways, there are damage dealers, there are set up masters, there are diversions, escapists, supports, there are agents that can deal more damage against armored enemies, there are agents that can fight snipers easily, there are agents that has massive crowd control, there are agents that can benefit more from other agents' set up, and all you have is a really diverse and creative system that allows a lot of fun agent combinations as you wish. Sure Gat can deal 8k crit damage late game or Rama can instakill headshot pretty much all non-armored/shielded enemies, but that doesn't mean you should stick to only one agent, mix them up, build them to synergize with each other and the depth of the combat system starts showing its identity. If there was one more player, the game will become a massive cluster♥♥♥♥ (it's already too chaotic with only one player, let alone two and more), and an extra player will defeat the purpose of agent synergy since you can't be sure who the other player is bringing along and how they built their set of three.Schaharazade's blind throwable can be switched to throwing blade that deals damage and apply bleeding effect, or a blackhole blade that sucks nearly enemies into one place so another agent can clean the floor easily. Gat's SMG cone spray can be changed to a smaller cone that apply vulnerability effect on enemies, Pierce has one upgrade tree that allows him to deal more damage against debuffed enemies, Oleg can either stun or destabilize troopes around him, Daisy can be built into gunner mode with tighter minigun spread gadget and decrease heat gained by each shot, or into skater mode where she gains fortify and haste effect with her skating ability and gain knockback with melee attack if minigun has full heat. Braddock can switched her special ability between high powered single shot, AoE plasma shot and wallhack/wallshot... and more. Agents' weapons feel crunchy, powerful and satisfying, a huge improvement over Saints Row The Third's fairly standard and primitive gunplay. It also has one of the best silenced pistols in the history of shooter genre in my opinion. There are also GREMLIN techs that are overpowered damage dealing consumables, ranging from superhero landing, throwing a giant metal ball to the direction you're facing at, to exploding doves dropped from above.The story itself is nothing worth discussing about, aside from several noteworthy villains. AoM does manage to keep Volition's tradition with a hugely memorable cast, which is pretty amusing considering Mayhem consists of different archetypes that seem doesn't fit together at all, but their interactions with each other is simply golden. Occasional banter here and there with a lot of voicelines that I really wonder how Volition's going to keep the pace if new agents make their introduction. The humor stays away from Saints Row The Third's lame offensive sex jokes which I'm incredibly thankful for Volition's decision. AoM is still not a game for children (Hollywood is ex porn star, mind you), but the Saturday morning cartoon style fits so well to the game I honestly wonder how I can play another Saints Row game with the same mindset. It's juvenile and over the top, but it's also full of wonderful personalities.In short, buy if:- You're fine with the idea of combat centric gameplay, and if you're looking forward to try the game, I wholeheartedly hope that you enjoy the combat as much as I did. I really do.Don't buy if:- You're thinking this game is Saints Row V's replacement.- Or you're looking for an immersive open world.TL;DR: game has exploding doves, 10/10."
,Recommended,304530,34269417,Posted: 15 August,all,iN008,"I feel now that I've played for over 10 hours I can justify giving this game a positive review. I still haven't finished the main storyline so I'll probably update this review once I've finished the game entirely but for now, I'll just do a quick run-down of my thoughts so far.Agents of Mayhem is great fun (please for the love of god pump up the difficulty as soon as you can, the default is laughable). The combat is fast-paced, more run and gun than taking cover which I appreciate. The variety of agents allows for many playstyles as each agent has unique abilities, my personal favourites thus far being Kingpin and Rama. Seoul whilst small is well detailed and utilized well within gameplay, verticality is definitely one of the defining features. The story is pretty much an 80's cartoon as you've probably already heard which isn't necessarily a bad thing, I'm definitely too young to appreciate that sort of thing though.Performance seems to be a major talking point right now, I have a GTX 1080ti FE, i7-7700K, and 16GB RAM running on windows 7. First things first updating your Nvidia drivers is extremely important as before updating them I got <90FPS constantly in the open areas of the game, afterwards it stuck around 110FPS before I turned down reflection settings which improved FPS enough to keep me at my 144hz refresh rate except during extremely hectic situations indoor areas were never a problem even before updating Nvidia drivers. Reflection settings may need to be looked into as they appear unoptimised. Besides those, I've had no issue with performance or any kind of crashing/bugs.People with low hours won't see how hectic the open world can even get (for example those gravity things, Legion retaking the city back from you) so please try and look for more reviews that aren't just 2 hours of playtime before making your decision on this game as the game has a rather slow start and gets better the longer you go. I'm also just going to throw this next statement out there, this is the first time I've liked Pierce in any SR related game ever."
,Recommended,304530,34748674,Posted: 4 September,all,Wwty4,Overwatch+Watch Dog/GTA
76561198030768261,Not Recommended,304530,34529985,Posted: 27 August,all,Tats,"Christ on a bike, do game devs even have a QA department anymore? This game if it were running perfectly isn't worth the price tag they're asking. But add in the sound issues, hitching (game randomly freezing for a period of 1-2 seconds), crashes etc and this game belongs in the bargain bin at Walmart."
,Recommended,304530,34316566,Posted: 17 August,all,Touchin ER BUNS,Very good alough a bit buggy!
,Recommended,304530,34545345,Posted: 27 August,all,Psychic Kitty,"Well i have been playing this game.  Its been fun.  You start with 3 agents who work for a group called mayhem that are fighting a group of despots called Legion who recently took over most of the planet.  IN a way you are freedom fighters.  Anywise you can unlock more agents and costumes and things as you play.The game handles like playing previous version of Saints row, how ever there is no multiplayer right now...also you cant change weapons....you weapons are specifc for each agent.  Also each agents has there own power set.....the interesting thing is....like a lego game you can switch characters on the fly as you play to do differing things.  The game has many things to find and puzzles like lego games in that respect.  However unlike a lego game....you dont build something.Anywise graphics are not too bad.....though even at the highest resolutions it still looks the same.  There are lots of graphic things to tweek....which not sure why most people would care.....but as usual i suggest turning off the point of view fish eye mode...fog in the distance and motion blur...because seriously since when do you see that in the real world?Right now for me...the game is bugging out....as it wont let me load the main game map anymore....it gets stuck inthe loading screen.I see tons of other users with issues as well....not sure why there are issues......the game is single player....so it shouldnt be having these problems.Its fun to play i like the puzzles and things...but if you cant play it after a while.....thats no fun.Ok and now I am changing my review as i found out how to fix the issue.Ok so this game even though its single player connects to their servers. No not sure why...but the connection and information if the connection isnt good...will cause issues...like seaming to not load....or it loads into the ark but not the main game....also you sometimes wont get contract data....or weirder still.....you are onthe city map...you get to some place that is a dead area as in anything that goes into it gets frozen.....even your own character...whihc leads to having to reset the game.This is a network issue.....restarting your game may fix it.....if it doesnt...then restart the computer....if that doesnt fix it.....then you need to reset your router for your internet.....yep not kidding.....ran a program that was looking at network traffic and saw...agents of mayhem having issues....so i reset my router...now the game runs fairly fast.Again this is a single player game....but seams to need to have online connections...maybe this is for them or maybe its for Denuvo the Drm system they are also using......either way....i can now fix the issues 100%.So i now recommend the game as the fix is an easy one."
76561198096555557,Not Recommended,304530,34410620,Posted: 22 August,all,Rocketman,"not worth the buy bad story writing buggy bosses and after the first hour you do the same thing over and over and over again its just stupid the ""gadgets"" dont even do much for custimization and the lack of original gameplay or something to keep things fresh are very dissapointing. if you want a game get any of the other saint row games not this."
,Not Recommended,304530,34300005,Posted: 16 August,all,Soup|Nazi,"Cons:Mulitple issues with it being a CPU, RAM, and GPU hog. It took all of them to levels I have never seen on my rig.Characters are bland, including Gat.Gunplay feels weak, with the exception of a few characters.You can not customize your appearance like in previous games by Volition in this universe.The story sections feel amazingly forced, and are unfun.It doesnt feel like a game that came from the people who made Saints Row.Regardless of all the above.The gameplay feels like it would be amazing with Multiplayer, in a co-op 3 person multiplayer session style, where the players could work towards compelting specific missions.Even pvp, ala the style of Team Fortress would have been fantastic.Or, idealy a player count similar to gta5 online, with all that mayhem would have been spectacular, even without being able to make your own costumes.I just hope my refund goes through, because I tried my best to get the game to run smoothly before playing for a few hours."
76561198085736586,Not Recommended,304530,34379668,Posted: 20 August,all,Godfatherdaddyfu,"Its an ok blow them up game. its very buggy, Cars, pop in and pop out in front of you. Has locked up a couple of times on me. Its a twenty dollar game, Definitely not a sixty dollar game. That is all it is worth. These types of bugs that it has I haven't seen since I played on a playstation 2. Very dissapointing."
76561197969720394,Not Recommended,304530,34299231,Posted: 16 August,all,ectoBiologist,"Thinks I have a controller connected. I don't. Character stuck running to the left. Can't even start the tutorial. Tried uninstall/reinstall, still borked.Refunded pending patch."
,Not Recommended,304530,34363974,Posted: 19 August,all,Halabec,Infinite waves of enemies nonstop no matter where you go while trying to do missions is so annoying. It's so bad that you can actually see them dropping out of the sky like a train in the exact same spot. I killed 20 guys spawning in the same spot until I realize that the enemies will NEVER stop spawning and you just have to finish the mission objectives while getting shot at. This doesn't seem to start happening until after you open up the world. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,304530,34366702,Posted: 19 August,all,Fast & Loose,"The biggest downside in this game for me, is that a lot of the side missions affect nothing at all.""kill everyone and re-capture this tower"" does exactly that, until an hour or two later until the exact same mission in the exact same place as last time. Copy this for literally all the side missions and everything you do feels very irrelevant fairly quickly.The story missions are slow and essentially boil down to ""go to this thing and kill waves of the same enemies youve fought the whole game"" or ""run through this dungeon that is basically identical to every dungeon youve done so far"". Again, before long this formula starts to wear thin and becomes tedius and grindy far too soon for me to justify playing this game through to the end.A strong 5.5/10."
,Not Recommended,304530,34388379,Posted: 20 August,all,stormiesttub,"No giant floppy purple dong.Its ok, if your bored but it will not be a memorable experiance. Like others have said its repeative and life less.I sure hope my $60 is going into the next saints row game."
,Recommended,304530,34279429,Posted: 16 August,all,=(eGO)= Zelda,"I wanted to love this game, I do. But as of right now two bugs are stopping me, and I'll change my mind after they're fixed, One May be my stupidity. Endless waves of NPC's They show up sometimes, and I can't find how to stop them, I leveled seven times thanks to them.The other bug, Is that the game will drop in FPS heavenly. I have a very powerfull pc that can handle anything tossed at it, Yet this game chooses odd times to slow down.Editing review, I'm enjoying it heavly now as it seem's to have fixed a few problems...I still get slughish game play now and then but all i do to solve this is to head to the ark"
76561198021437781,Recommended,304530,34378557,Posted: 20 August,all,CaptainFaisal,"Overall a good game , but if i go into one more layer im going to lose my fu@#$g mind.Almost every mission has you going to a layer that looks exactly the same as every other layer. Boring as hell.Game is fun though, story is funny and always keeps you entertained . Its just the repetetivness of the layers that made this game not very good.6.5/10 Play it once then uninstall nothing worth going back for."
76561198060373472,Not Recommended,304530,35347800,Posted: 30 September,all,ShakedownVictim,"Unbelievably repetitive. Every mission is pretty much the same boring map. The open world is dull / lifeless and the side missions, if you can call them that, are really bad. The heroes are unique and have a lot of variety but what's the point if the missions so simple and dull? I did a mission that required a ""hacker"" in my squad and completed it without even having to switch to that character.The main storyline was somewhat interesting and the bossfights were fun but the game in its current state is not worth $60."
76561198040445146,Recommended,304530,34271047,Posted: 16 August,all,kaldausorakle,"Really fun open world 3rd person shooter. It is NOT saints row its not supposed be. Its a fun game that has a lot of content unlike many open world games. There are tons of fun activities and the ability to build a group that can handle any situation. I would have liked the ability to create my own agent but they have a huge selection that it really isnt an issue. I like many people would have probubly had another saints row of some kind but not sure where it could have gone, so I really think that it is the thing we needed rather than perhaps the thing we wanted. They chose to create something new rather than reboot,redo, or otherwise alter the pervious saints rows to create a new game. Instead they chose to give us all the aspects of it but in a way that it doesnt destroy or change the previous games. Its certainly one of the best games to have come out in awhile and is worth your time,"
,Recommended,304530,34284109,Posted: 16 August,all,PunchButton,"This game is pretty much a spiritual successor to Saint's Row IV, that being said it's missing a bit of polish, optimization for PC isn't so great maybe not a full price buy for some of you.Firstly, the game is very shallow and very arcade like.Most missions involve: drive there, hack something, shoot some bad guys. Each mission follows this recipe and mixes the order.The gameplay's core is third person shooting. You make a loadout of 3 different agents who all play differently thanks to differing weapons, loadouts and stats. They each have a normal attack, one or two special abilites and one super move. You can also customize each agents abilities with gadgets which change the effects they have. The customization is key to refine their playstyle and choosing a loadout to suit the way you like to play is nice.The driving is very boring and the cars have odd physics. You can get different cars that have their own mix of handling, speed and durabilty. There are some cars you can ram for missions but it's pretty meh.The open world is really sorta lifeless and just serves as a stage for you to battle enemies as all the NPCs are pretty boring and forgettable, a big step back from Saints Row.In the end the game is just an odd single player hero based PVE shooter. 7/10"
76561198033350075,Recommended,304530,34275356,Posted: 16 August,all,Dicc Attacc,"To volition: I thank you, for one of the greatest third person/hero shooters I've ever played. I agree with a few reviewers; optimization is a must to make AoM as immersive as possible. intermittent stutters and frame drops detract from what could be the smoothest combat of any of your games to date,I don't have much playtime at the moment, so this review is moderately subjective, and a lot of people will disagree with this, but that's okay. AoM is fantastic: it's gorgeous, lighthearted fun and the combat is amazing. There's a lot of depth to the customization, the Ark hub itself and the city of Seoul. I very much recommend this to anyone who is a fan of hero shooters. This is NOT a Saints Row game so don't even go in thinking it is. I approached this as curiously intrigued by Volition's new IP, which is exactly what this is and has made my experience pleasant.To conclude, AoM, so far, is fantastic and I love the roster. Give it a shot and give Volition some love*Edit*So the optimization is atrocious as of now. I can't keep a stable frame rate: it will drop from 95 to 50 in an instant during the day, stay at 65-90 consistently during the night cycle (which is far too long, by the way) and the August Gaunt map? My God, the frames. Volition, you have a *lot* of work to do, optimizing EVERYTHING"
,Recommended,304530,34264603,Posted: 15 August,all,Herr Baron Von Blue,"First off, I'd like to start this off by saying that I will NOT be comparing this to Saints Row, as these are different games in MANY ways. I feel like one of the biggest issues with the reviews on here is that far too many people try to compare this to a franchise that it is not even from. Yes it made by the same devs, has similar aspects, and has a large number of references to Saints Row, but it is NOT Saints Row. To me, Agents of Mayhem feels like a love child between Borderlands, Saints Row, and a little bit of Destiny. Now remember, everything I say in this is just MY OPINION, so of course, you are welcome your own.Secondly, I'm still playing this game and I've only scratched surfice, so expect this review to be updated fairly regularly for about a week or so.And lastly, if you wish to skip the pros and cons, I'll just tell you now that I recommend this game at a 7.5/10.NOW ON TO THE REVIEW!The game starts off with a rather... lackluster two missions. However, once you get past these, the game just gets better in better. The Characters are quirky and can sometimes be a bit cringy, but they're still great and I love all of their personalities. I like how they each bring something unique to the table in terms of gamplay, and skill sets. I also love the ability to instantly switch between the three that you have chosen for your squad on that particular mission. Hollywood about to go down and isn't dealing enough damage? Switch to Hardtack to both take damage, and deal it. Need a ♥♥♥♥-ton of enemies dead in a matter of seconds? Switch to Gat (If you have the pre-order DLC) and use his Mayhem Ability to ♥♥♥♥ all the baddies up.The gunplay is pretty good too. It reminds me a lot of games such as Borderlands, or WoW (Even though I don't play WoW) Each character offers a unique weapon so mix and match them to match your play-style.The driving is pretty decent and I do love how you can call in the vehicle that you have equiped to come directly to you, as it has a funny little Britsh A.I that drives it to you.So far, I've found the story to be between Okay and Pretty Good, with humor always being present. The cutscenes are beautifully animated and I love what they bring to the game as a whole. The dialogue is also unique for each character and can be quite entertaining.The game runs smoothly at a constant of 71 FPS on my somewhat out-dated rig.Now for some of the negatives.The game has almost no soundtrack, what-so-ever. The only time you really hear music is when you either activate a character's Mayhem Ability, which will be music that matches their personality, country of origin, etc. And when you are driving around in a car, the radio will usually be on. I personally believe that if they added some badass Techno or Dubstep, that it will feel like a completely different game.As I mentioned earlier, the first two missions were kind of, well, garbage, but after those the game just gets better.No co-op or multiplayer.Not much in the way of customization beyond pre-determined skins for characters and weapons.Can't change the weapons that each character uses, but can change other asepects like their special ability.I'm still playing this game and I've only scratched surfice, so expect this review to be updated fairly regularly for about a week or so.All in all, I give this game a 7.5/10.Well there you go. I hope at least someone found this review slightly helpful. And as I mentioned earlier, I will be updating this frequently, so my views can change, this is just how I feel about the game right now. (Also I apologize for any typos/grammar mistakes. I typed this up while running errands so that I wouldn't forget the things I wanted to mention)"
76561198103472633,Recommended,304530,34512483,Posted: 26 August,all,Akinbenwa,"To clear this up before the review I haven't played any of the Saint's Row games so don't get annoyed if I miss things out or fail to see things which people who have played SR would see.Agents of Mayhem recieves a lot of negative feedback from game critics for it being buggy, boring and essentially from what I have picked up, not Saint's Row. I see it as a good open world game which allows me to explore a beautiful open world using the characters I like. Yes there are bugs, but I don't see them as large game breaking issues but instead a minor inconvienience which can be patched out. Being a new game as well AOM is actually really good compared to some games which I have played (bug-wise).The story of AOM can be quite bland at times but there have always been great characters to fill those bland parts. I found myself quite sad to see some great villains be defeated; these include Justin Beiber, Hatsune Miku x5, Jamaican Terminator and The Female Joker. I also thought that the playable characters were funny and concerningly relatable *cough* hangover *cough*.The gameplay is thought provoking and engaging as it requires you to pay attention to what enemies you are fighting and what condition your character is in. Also AOM implements a really cool driving aspect with skins and different abillities for each car.Finally, AOM was a game which left me playing 'till 4:30am as I was so intrigued by the story. It also left me thinking about the game when I wasn't playing which is a feature which few games have been able to do.All in all, AOM is a great game which despite its bugs is a very good game which I do recommend. And lastly, I have recieved criticism from people saying its a bad game and its not SR but you have to remember that it is not SR and set in a different universe to it.Thanks for reading! 9.7/10"
76561198001179240,Recommended,304530,34296564,Posted: 16 August,all,molvich,I've been having a blast with this.So much of the same humor and quirkiness that helped to define the Saints Row franchise but with some whole badass comic bookish alternate reality twist. I really enjoy the switching mechanic and the system allows so much cutomization in builds.A whole lot of fun
76561198295450244,Recommended,304530,34261557,Posted: 15 August,all,Ninja-SMG,"So this is a Day 1 aka; launch day, Two hour playtime review,So heres my opinion in short, it feels like a G.I. Joe Cartoon, and not in a tacky way like in the movies but in a fun way, two the vehicles and driving feel a little ""meh"" when compared to how well the Agents handle and boy do they handle well,The ""swap in"" agents  mechanic actually feels more fluid then you would think, the movement feels tight, right and not like a sloppy console port, the agents are fun to use.The characters and villains are written well enough to make it intresting, and that's always a plus for me.And the humor is actually funny enough to make me smirk once in awhile, for exmple,  When I walked by a planetarium and it kept going on about Uranus jokes, like how a scientist loves looking at uranus every day.So all in all I would give it an 8.5 because let's face it, you aren't here for some ""Game of the Year"" title they churn out every 3 month's no...you came here to have some fun, and Agents of Mayhem has it in spades."
,Recommended,304530,34486419,Posted: 25 August,all,Chief_Judge_Fargo,"Agents of Mayhem (AOM), is the latest offering by Volition Software and seems to be an attempt to branch away slightly from their Saints Row franchise, by developing a new IP. AOM however does make use of certain stylistic traits from the recent Saints Row titles, as well as going as far as to reuse some of its characters.The premise of AOM is that you take control of a group of agents belonging to the MAYHEM group, who have made it their personal mission to stop the evil forces of LEGION. The premise is a loose parody of franchises such as G.I. Joe, Marvel's avengers and DCs justice league. The  story is that a section of LEGION, known as the 'Ministry of Pride' headed by Dr. Babylon are attempting to take over the city of Seoul in order to further their efforts in world domination. its up to you to use the Agents of Mayhem to stop them. The host of villains that make up the ministry of pride are quite varied, with one supervillian appearing to be the result of an awkward relationship between Kanye West and Justin Beiber, resulting in the character 'August Gaunt' a pompous pop-star who wishes to brainwash people into doing his bidding through the power of VR headsets and terrible music. 'Steeltoe' a supervillain obessed with the coming of the singularity, who wishes to make himself (and others) more machine than man and ends up falling in love with 'AISHA' an AI controlled, holographic K-Pop star who also joins forces with LEGION. 'Hammersmith', LEGION's weapons expert and head of technology, who harbours a severe grudge against MAYHEM for destroying most of his tech, and 'Ariadne' a criminally insane hacker extraordinare who seeks vengeance on both LEGION and MAYHEM.Gameplay wise it falls into an unusual category, it seems to have adopted some of the stylings of the recent 'hero shooter' genre, and has injected them into a single-player, free-roam environment. There are quite a few different heroes to choose from, all of which have a somewhat unique playstyle and special abilities to use. Certain characters are granted bonus damage against certain enemies, some get bonuses against shields, others are required in order to hack certain computer systems, etc. These heroes are split into a few different teams, with the game basically giving you a big hint as to which heroes work best together. How the game lets you use these heroes is that during gameplay, you can swap between 3 heroes that you can choose before starting a mission, or entering free roam. On the one hand this means that you may find yourself rapidly swapping between 3 heroes on the fly, but at least there's no funky co-op AI to put up with. The heroes all have a backstory, told both through cutscenes and side missions, lending themselves to expanding each character's individual personality and generally giving them some depth. It would have been nice to see some side missions based around the supporting cast, as some of them still feel a little shallow. There is however a wide variety of character skins and weapons skins, as well as vehicle skins to unlock, with the developers taking hints from the likes of Overwatch it would seem.The combat is a little mindless and repetitive but is still quite satisfying, even after over 30 hours of play. The game has a variety of tasks to accomplish, from liberating LEGION outposts to destroying their superweapons and even raiding their hidden bunkers. The main missions perhaps rely a little too much on the prospect of raiding the hidden bunkers, with little stylistic differences between each bunker interior. On the topic of the main overworld (the city of Seoul) I'd say its moderatley sized, being about as big a Steelport from Saints Row 3 and 4. The city of Seoul is much more compact and dense when compared to Steelport, with no natural landmarks like rivers to break up the urban sprawl. This doesn't mean that the city doesn't have distinct areas, but what is there feels a little too much like set dressing, with no lore, backstory or interaction with a lot of structures. As a result, the city lacks a variety of landmarks, meaning it can be a bit difficult to find your way around the city at first.Another gameplay element is the option to take on LEGION on a global scale, in which you can send up to 3 agents at a time (after purchasing an upgrade) to a certain region in the world to expose and defeat LEGION. After LEGION has been dealt with in all 12 global regions, you can assault LEGION's main base to win unique upgrades for each character. I felt that this part of the game played incredibly similar to MGSV's 'dispatch missions', so any Phantom Pain players will be familiar with the concept.Finally, call me a show-dog because I had to jump through some  hoops to make this game work properly. First off, either the EXE file uses some dodgy code, or my antivirus is getting jumpy in its old age. As upon starting the game for the first time, I found my EXE file being quarantined as a trojan by my antivirus. Even after whitelisting the EXE, steam still refused to let me play. citing 'locked content' as the problem. Only after a PC restart and a check of the game's cache integrity was I allowed to play. Second, the sound won't come in properly unless I set my output device to output sound at 'DVD quality' in the windows playback device options. Any higher than 'DVD quality' and the sound becomes distorted, an interesting glitch indeed. Although some players have been reporting frequent crashes, I've only suffered 3 in the 30+ hours I've been playing, I'm not exactly playing this on a top spec PC either.For those reviewers stating that the game contains micro-transactions, this is a fallacy. Everything ingame is available to be bought with ingame cash, which itself is earned through defeating enemies and completing missions, there is no way to buy ingame currency using real world money. The only piece of DLC available for this game at the time of writing is a FREE costume pack (this of course barring the pre-order bonuses which were given out free of charge to those who pre-ordered). Whether or not there will be micro-transactions in future remains to be seen, but as of now, there is no micro-transaction element.In conclusion, its a nice game that simply needs some polish to fix the bugs that I and other players have been experiencing. The gameplay is solid, the graphics are nice, the characters are fine and the story is decently composed. I personally recommend waiting until a sale season to buy this, but at a reduced price I'd say the game is worth it in its current state."
76561198097309186,Not Recommended,304530,34422575,Posted: 22 August,all,Superkiller,"I'm not gonna write a long review so in a nutshell here's my review for the game so far (Halfway done the campaign)-Terribly Optimized (I have a 1060 3gb and a really good proccesor but I only get 50 fps on high like WTF?)-Repitive Missions-Driving is nice-Really fun to switch agents on the fly-The map is wonderful and I'm really dissapointed there is no Co Op-Like I said NO FREAKING CO OP?-This game plays way to well for it not to have any type of MP, they should defintly add MP-Combat is decent and you could defintly have fun playing, I know I did-This game doesn't feel worth the price it's listed at rn.In the end if your a diehard sr fan like me this game is a must cop, but I defintly would not recommend this game for the price it's at. TBH wait for a crack if you don't care about the devs."
,Recommended,304530,35285220,Posted: 29 September,all,Alexz,"I don't know why these reviews are so mixed, I absolutely love this game.  The gameplay itself is incredibly fun and very entertaining.  The humor brings it all home.  It certainly doesn't have a terrible amount of depth to it but if you're looking for a single player game that is just a damn good time then this is it."
76561198036684346,Not Recommended,304530,34433547,Posted: 23 August,all,Flashlife,"I can't give this a recommend.Pros:-Boss fights can be fun-The city looks good and fairly diverseCons:-There are lots of characters, but none of them are particularly interesting.-You cannot change weapons for the characters.-There isn't a crouch button, so you have to move around instead of looking for cover.-The character skills are kinda boring.-The story is really boring-No ammo management-Vehicles controls are kinda clunky.-It feels a like a grindy game.  Almost feels like a free to play."
76561198157471847,Recommended,304530,34307453,Posted: 17 August,all,wei_chu0096,"This game is FUN! Shoot, smash and destroy.I'm really glad the characters are all different with very dinstictive ways of combat.I would rate 7/10 because it just becomes a little bit repetitive after a few hours.If I can create a character of my own to fight along side exsisting characters, perhapsI will give it a 8/10But I will rate it 9/10. Because of JOHNNY GAT.I never thought GAT would join the game. It is a great surprise for me. But it also reminds me...I NEED SAINTS ROW V."
76561198410185890,Recommended,304530,34277232,Posted: 16 August,all,IDK non-lethal,This game actually is awesome
76561197970473064,Recommended,304530,34510700,Posted: 26 August,all,fury872,"It's fun.Not groundbreaking, but fun.If you like fun, you'll like this.If you complain about everything, are entitled, and whine if a game is not super amazing, then how come you don't complain to your parents about how stuffy the basement, where you live, is?  Ha ha.Seriously, AoM is a great, light-hearted time.  If you came looking for SR, well just read the game's title again.  AoM is not Saint's Row.  And it's still a good game."
,Recommended,304530,34300514,Posted: 16 August,all,Daigoji Gai,"So... I don't know what to say. I'm intoxicated.At first, I was all in. The 80s nostalgia flashback videos of the teams were charming.I pre-ordered, but I didn't get it.Then I began to see the rants from Saints Row fans about single player only; having had a chance to review back in the day, Red Faction, Summoner and Saint's Row 1... I had a fan boy inclination for the Volition brand.So I went all white knight. Something about the rants sounded like a generational gap...Word is bond.Then, as a proud SJW snowflake I played a few missions, and was rubbed wrong at first... then something clicked, this was equal opprtunity ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ery... that fine line between ignorant stereotypical vs. enjoying the spicey diversity of life where we can all laugh at ourselves. It truly is a uniquely fine line to walk, few do it well. They did.So disarmed, enjoying the flavor of it all, 20 missions in, it finally clicked... I've been going back to the arc after every mission and it is worth it. NOSTALGIA MOMENT: BOOM --- THIS IS THE 80S GI JOE/ A-TEAM / M.A.S.K. game we always wanted, but with that ""now we are older"" flavorful twist of the GI JOE PSA videos of the early internet meme era. There are so many deep cuts to what is glorious about that era we grew up with: the action, the sci fi, th tongue in cheek humor, the explosions, the corney B-movie lines that makes films like CRITTERS and BUCKAROO BANZAI iconic for some of us. Yes, there are the obvious ones, like Magnum P.I. Bruce Lee sans Tarrintno reminding about those iconic yellow and black colors....but there are some deep cuts worth thinking about as you play along:Our Saturday Morning Cartoon fetish. Our Toy collections. The next episode. Those PSA vingettes.All of it is here, and WITHOUT DESTROYING OUR CHILDHOOD IP BY USING NEW IP AS SATIRE & TRIBUTE.This POC, ain't even mad.I collected Spiral Zone, MASK, STAR WARS CENTURIONS, GIJOE, TRANSFORMS, A-TEAM, RAMBO, SHO KOSJU (NINJA films),  SWARZENGGER, SKY RANGERS, etc, toys as a kid.♥♥♥♥♥♥Robotech... that action figure aspect of it all is indugled in here.We get the moments and flashbacks of characters and moments we always wanted; a library of cartoon action figure isht, including ones not named, we always wanted games for, to play along in an RPG action-platform sanbox where we can upgrade, advance and pick our perfect stereotypical yet fun and cool team.I'm Mad that ""Shipwreck"" brother with a color change isn't more like Mack from Predator. But that is a personal thing.And for record. Yes, Dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥isht there is no co-op. You could have done it. Build on this like other platforms. I want to rock a 3 person team with friends in some open ended missions. It isn't hard. Frek you for not giving us this with coop given such a fun group of characters."
,Recommended,304530,34300905,Posted: 16 August,all,J3sTeR,"Really fun game with a variety of characters and squad builds for just about everyone. Gameplay is amazing and the graphics are really cool. However, I don't believe it's worth the $60 price tag because the world isn't overly big and it reminds me of Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell. I know this isn't a Saints Row game but I couldn't help but feel that it isn't really a strong standalone game, but the game is really fun and addicting so I'd recommend buying it when on discount, but if you like to support the devs then buy it at the $60.Edit: Spelling"
,Recommended,304530,34305129,Posted: 17 August,all,Jaynay 🐥,"Know what you are buying......is the best piece of advice I can give you!I have played all the SR games (SR2 being my favourite) and this is definitely NOT a SR game, but the developers have consistently noted this in the lead up to release and general marketing.The style of this game reminds me a little of Battleborn (in a good way) with a colourful cast of characters and little cartoon vignettes for the story. Writing is basic, though not terrible, and perhaps on par with a 1980's Saturday morning cartoon.Game-play wise this reminds me a lot of Crackdown, without the ridiculous leaps over 3 buildings at a time. You are still a superhero though (nil falling damage and triple jumps are the order of the day). If you liked the Crackdown, the you will probably like this too and it is better than Crackdown 2.So having compared to both Battleborn and Crackdown I would be remiss if I didn't mention that like these 2 titles, AoM is a flawed gem. There are some frustrations in terms of the way your character interacts with the world, mainly when climbing/jumping, but I haven't noted anything game breaking yet.All in all I *DO* recommend this game, but make sure you know what you are buying. It is literally as advertised on the tin...nothing more.To my migraine group - Neon colours and high tension action probably mean you will want to wait until you are headache free for this title.(Also reviewed by me via theHeadache & Migraine Gaming Group)"
76561197980335016,Not Recommended,304530,34496014,Posted: 25 August,all,explorer3936,eeh its ok  kinda reminds me of walking into a room were someone  just farted   and all  i can say is i really walked into that one man that stinks  and the vilans talk like  firstgraders  im shooting u from space  r r r r !  why does this even have a mature rating  and the guys reviewing this on utube  thanks for not being honest with us  bunch of a-holes  i bought 2 copys  of this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197963298686,Recommended,304530,34260099,Posted: 15 August,all,Shadow75,"Volition delivers their next chapter in the Saints Row Shared Universe named ""Agents Of Mayhem"", This new game is the start of a new beginning and it picks up after the events of the Gat Out Of Hell recreated Earth ending.This open-world is funny, fun and a decent game to pass time, I do recommand this to anyone who wants to pass time and have fun. The dialog is excellent, the characters are worth to play, then you can decide who you want to play the most, and the game is just one of those where you can just do what you want once again."
76561198175318859,Recommended,304530,34258696,Posted: 15 August,all,( ),"I spent 60 dollars on this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. there is a HUGE amount of mouse acceleration and that makes it almost unplayable, also the game keeps making me go to the right(it acts like i am pressing ""D""). DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT GETS UPDATED!It was picking up my joystick... I am an idiot!"
,Not Recommended,304530,34452032,Posted: 23 August,all,Gwandpa!!™,do not buy this game on pc the framerate is beyond ♥♥♥♥ed. its pretty clear they wanted us to buy the console version so they made the pc one slow as ♥♥♥♥ and buggy. its not the first time a company has done this either.
,Recommended,304530,34747319,Posted: 4 September,all,Double Ocelot,Except the cringy jokes and the bad optimization this game is pretty fun to play. The game time is around 20-40 hours. Just buy it if you like the Saints Row lore and if you have the money.
,Not Recommended,304530,34886323,Posted: 11 September,all,Poneros 死,"Not good. Reviews say ""Well this isn't a Saints Row game!1!!1"", but forget this is volition. They delivered some insane fun With the Saints Row series. maybe not Gat Out of Hell, but i love their games. This just feels like a chore to play, and after putting in 20+ hours i can solidly say it gets worse as you go, everything is the same. If it wasn't for the DECENT range of characters and SEMI COMEDIC moments, it wouldn't be worth it.But in my opinion this game still isn't worth your time, I wouldn't recommend buying this game for $60. Feels like a cheap $20 game at best.9/11/2017 EDIT: I saw an update for this game and had gotten my hopes up, only to realize they fix a number of things that caused crashing. No optimization fixes, No content, and NO HOPE for this game anymore."
,Not Recommended,304530,34371999,Posted: 20 August,all,Iridium,"I've waffled for a bit on how to feel about this one, and after another frustrating mission with too little payout I've decided on the negative.It's not like it doesn't have the capability for fun. It's totally there: it just seems sort of unutilized? I'm not sure how better to put it. The whole time you play it feels like its lacking something significant. For the Mayhem in the title there's precious little actual Mayhem occurring. You can blow up cars and run down pedestrians like before, but of course, you're the good guys here so you're not really supposed to. It feels like it's lacking a critical sense of carnage, and not even merely from the public destruction bent. Even Overwatch has it, somehow, where this doesnt.But there's more to it than that. While the gunplay can be fun (it's a long-familiar style by now), the driving is lame: there's no firing weapons from cars, for one, so your only means of combat is ramming which is boring and frustrating. Especially when you're given missions to repeatedly destroy other vehicles. Come on. Who decided on that?! Plus, and this one took me by surprise, there's absolutely no reason to drive aside from slightly faster travel. Driving is often enough sufficiently frustrating... especially when bad guys latch onto you and start trying to ram you back cuz they dont have guns either... that you might as well just run. OH! And I almost forgot this but there's no music in the car aside from their generic electro beat. No music! Ugh! What the hell?! I'm sure licensing music is expensive but it adds so much flavor to it that its absence here is super noticeable.The manner of telling the story... via the cartoons... is pretty interesting, and I appreciate the attempt. Some of the stories are quite compelling as well, like Rama's. But then you get into the in game mechanic of the stories, the missions, and they fall so completely flat its ridiculous. You get to t he 4th or so major mission story and aside from occurring in some amusing part of the city, there's nothing different about it, ever, aside from possibly a boss battle. I'm guessing I'm at a part of the story that's supposed to start hotting things up but I genuinely dont see how that will matter, or how it will make it more interesting once I'm back in the game world shooting away.And for real, what's with the dropping from Ark cutscene? You could have cut ~30 seconds of a player waiting around doing nothing by dropping it: it's totally unnecessary, and apparently doesn't even give the game a chance to load. And as far as I can tell, can't be skipped.Alright I've dinged it enough, here are some good points. The gunplay is still interesting (oh and the character mods are not at all interesting, forgot that one). The art and environment is cool until they start re-using the underground bases. Voice work is good so far. I do actually feel complelled to keep playing and unlock some of the other characters, as I hear there are some great story gems in there, but we'll see.One last downer: they should never have tried to tie it into Saints Row. I get it, this is a split universe, but the attempts to tie it back in even lightly... the purple, the fleur de lis, adding in Gat (though the reversal on his role is funny), it's just pointless. I'm sure there was a lot of hand wringing over this and they decided to stick with it, but I really think they should have just let it go and forged ahead with a new, still-comical world.But I roll through mission after mission and my disappointment just grows. I can't recommend it. I will probably still be playing, though."
,Not Recommended,304530,34694307,Posted: 2 September,all,Gamerblue,I am a huge fan of the Saints Row games and this one started out super promising. 29.5 hours in and ive lost all interest and the whole game is basically rinse and repeat. The lairs all feel the same and the missions (minus a couple interesting bosses) are all basically the same.
76561197988891996,Not Recommended,304530,34370666,Posted: 20 August,all,Energizers,"i baught this game out of love for saint's row, this game is what a mindless normie would like, the voice lines are waaaaay to cheesy and cringe worthy, the game set up is really bad, i wish they would stick to saint row, this studio used to mean something big, but sadly the mighty has fallen, however the animations are good and i wish they made an animation instead of the game.P.S: sorry for my bad english or if this felt bad in your stomech, im not here to tell you what to buy or not to buy, it just felt bad for me."
,Not Recommended,304530,34284827,Posted: 16 August,all,Solenya,"The game completely disappointed me to the point where I requested a refund on launch dayThe cutscenes are lackluster at best, and the stereotypical characters remind you of a South Park episode about minorities in a South Korean city.This game fails to deliver the hilarious, run and gun, smooth experience that Volition and Deep Silver have given in the past, with Red Faction, Dead Island, and especially the latest Saints Row games.I do not recommend this game, Volition has disappointed me after spending three years in development."
,Not Recommended,304530,34277801,Posted: 16 August,all,Menlow,"First impression was eh, mediocre voice overs. The Humor is VERY subjective, got nothing on saints row tho. There i already laughed in the first 20 minutes of the game, multiple times actually.And the gunplay feels really dumbed down, like it claims to be all about MAYHEM and YEAAH SHOOT THINGS but it feels so slow. Like the only thing you do have is a triple jump and a dash, like ease up deep silver. You got more freedom of movement in saints row 3. Why not add in a little slide for example or wallruns / jumps with some stylistic slow motion, just a thought to make it just overall get a better feel to itYou cant even crouch to take cover somewhere. I mean obiously the wicked agents of mayhem would never do that but it doesnt hurt to have a choice you know.I planned to test my full 2 hours actually but after getting one tutorial after another thrown into my face i decided not to go through with that.also getting like 4 items to craft this and that in the first few missions i dont know.Looks already like a red flag grind system with the difficulty settings already giving you X more Percentage of Xp and money.Like you start a new game and get instantly throw in in that meh gameplay, no real introduction no strong beginning like in saints row 2, 3 and 4 (i know this is not saints row but they showed that they infact CAN make interesting missions but somehow didnt bother here) It feels like the devs never quite knew what they wanted from the game but still just mashed all together that sounded good on paper. But well maybe it gets better when you are further in.Thats not a 60 € bet im willing to take tho.Anyways, seems alright - ish but definetely not worth 60 € 30€ maybe.See you again in the next sale deep silver."
,Not Recommended,304530,34362599,Posted: 19 August,all,Dukrous,"I had hoped a follow up to Saints Row would tick off the two boxes that series is known for: cartoonish action and outlandish humor. This game has mediocre action and very little actual humor. There's things said that are intended to be funny, but they're not. Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,304530,34268534,Posted: 15 August,all,Chest Hole,"Control your own G.I.Joe secret agent agency?! Done by the Saints Row people? Sign me up.And it DELIVERS!This game is bonkers good. The insane difficulty, the randomly generated bits, the humor, it just works.Make sure you have the system requirements before you play it, though. I feel like the people who are rating it bad are all playing on potatoes."
,Recommended,304530,34308699,Posted: 17 August,all,Supertorresmo,I'm loving it!
76561197998328977,Recommended,304530,34369867,Posted: 20 August,all,reemocin,"I haven't completed the game yet, but so far I'm having fun.Not the greatest game ever, but worth it's money for me.Pros- Good atmosphere. Goofy, way over the top, but well done.- Nice set of different characters with different play styles to suit almost anyone (though I wish you didn't have to unlock them).- More than decent enough (character) progression for an action shooter.- The platform gameplay is well done for a 3rd person game; I've seen many implementations that are MUCH worse.- Good implementation for setting your preferred difficulty level; you can make the game as easy/hard as you like.Neutral- The humor is just OK-ish; it makes me smlie on occasion, but so far no LOL for me.- Character customization is limited to skins.- Not completely bug free, but certainly no showstopers.- The encounters mostly consist of Legion enemies (thank the gods NOT in unlimited numbers) being teleported in. Not great but I can live with that (though I had hoped for a little more need for tactics).- Not the best open world(ish) setup, but I've played worse.- Enemy AI is OK enough, but not great.Cons- Characters are unlocked during the main story, meaning you can't start with the characters that do suit your playstyle and you are 'forced' (at least for a while) to play with characters that might not suit your playstyle.- Cars do not stop to prevent themselves from NOT hitting you, and when they hit they hurt. So when you're fighting Legion on the road you WILL get hit AND HURT by cars OUTSIDE of your field of view which can be annoying.- The lairs are very basic, consisting of somewhat randomized set pieces, making them rather uninteresting.Missed opportunities- You can select the members for the team you want to play with, but you can't create your own pre-set team with it's own teamname.- You can choose a car for your team, but you can't choose a 'personal' car for each team member.-----Update 2017-08-26I can't complete the game; the last mission is seriously bugged.1st attemptGot to a point where right after a checkpoint (after Babylon gets the comet) my character, the car that I'm supposed to use, as well as NPC's etc. get stuck.2nd attemptSo I quit, restarted and started the mission again ... only to find the waypoint is on top of a building without any (clear enough) path to get to it (and I've looked around the block, not just around that building).Despite this, which I guess/hope will be fixed in an update, it was a fun game. The last 2 or 3 missions at the end suck a little since they invlove a lot of platforming of the worst kind; needing to jump blindly and hope for the best which dials up the frustration.But I could more or less work around that by tuning down the difficulty.At the end I'd give this game a 6 out of 10, a 7 if they fix the bugs."
,Recommended,304530,34436592,Posted: 23 August,all,SFzero2.Ryu,"I'd exprienced some glitches, such as...1. drop to ... weird demision - restart to mission check point2. knock back enemy, sometime the enemy was knocked back to a block, I can't hit it.if that was boss...  - restart to mission check point / restart mission / abort mission -> restart mission3. drop off from vehicle but that vehicle'd hit by other vehicle..... character was like dropping from high level but never end - restart to mission check point.4. Main enemy I'd to kill to proceed to next level, but that enemy was behind the door.. and door the door won't open unless I kiilled the enermy... - abort mission and restart..etc..But this game is fun, at least for me, it is fun."
76561197975245018,Recommended,304530,34272188,Posted: 16 August,all,Llaerrick,"well, about 12 hours in, i'm still enjoying the game.it's a-bit like Saint's Row meets Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon. set in a familiarish Saint's Row world, Seoul looks superficially good but doesn't actually quite capitavate or capture you. you never quite get the feeling like you're part of this world - just someone passing through.it plays a lot of Saint's Row (and has the same limitations as Blood Dragon, after a while, you feel like you are doing the same things over and over again). what saves it (for me at least) is the game play mechanic which allows you to switch between 3 characters at the same time, and the various rpg elements.the main game mechanic revolves around you controlling 3 agents at any one time (except for specific agent missions where you are a specific agent). switching around almost instantly on the fly makes for a lot of mayhem and amazing combos (eg, agent 1 stealths and shoots a trap right into a bunch of enemies, agent 2 swaps in and spams mines at that same group, agent 3 swaps in and chainguns/shotguns/melee the whole lot of them to pieces - all in the space of 6 seconds). the mechanic allows for so much variety and utility and allows you to tackle different encounters differently depending on how you're set up or who you have in your squad.it's a funnish (although not great) FPS with loads of abilities and effects, with (deliberately?) stilted/cheesy sunday cartoon humour. AI-isn't great but you can make up for it (if you like the challenge) by cranking up the difficulty (there are 15 different difficulty levels to choose from - which correspond with the risk-reward). The game only shines when the difficulty is cranked up to the point where the enemies keep coming!the rps-like leveling and skills prolong the fun (if this is your kind of thing) and the mechanic where you can switch points out as and when without any penalty makes for a lot of experimentation. the different characters don't really stand out (think generic weekend cartoon hero) in terms of dialogue or character, but they do offer different and myriad playstyles (pretty much every single rpg archtype is here - but that doesn't mean you have to play them that way).generally, a fun game. had to lower the settings a little but generally runs and had not encountered any game breaking bugs yet."
,Recommended,304530,34413021,Posted: 22 August,all,jedijoe,"Calling this saints row 5 is unfair. While it has similar themes, and a preorder cast that's similar, it's just not saints rowWith that in mind, I recommend it. Generally easy to learn controls, the game looks great graphically, doesn't get boring easily. They seem to have taken the route of mimicking a game like crackdown by gameplay and games like overwatch and tf2 by character design and weapons. This becomes apparent in even the first batch of characters that you can play as. In any case, this is still a good game.Also don't expect to buy this and play co-op"
76561198086114517,Recommended,304530,34296992,Posted: 16 August,all,bootney40,i wanna play game there so happen smh
76561198027907170,Recommended,304530,34489433,Posted: 25 August,all,zyaxis555,"It's alright, I guess. Lots of stuff to do. I hate the snipetroopers, though."
,Recommended,304530,34420021,Posted: 22 August,all,Miserakle,"+ Still 70% saints row+ Pierce, Jhonny, Oleg and kinda Boss version+ Bunch of new and cool characters+ Many combat styles+ Car's AI+ Humor+ Visual style- Too many Legion's Lair- Too repetative- It looks like a pack of daily quests- Optimisation. It asks about 2,5 GB of video at max but freezes on city explorationI was so excited in the beginning. I laughed so much. But then I just tired to play same tasks at the same locations again and again.This game really needs co-op"
76561198018717528,Recommended,304530,34477291,Posted: 25 August,all,Snake Blocker,"Great game! I haven't been able to stop playing since I got it. 26.6 hours at the time of writing and I haven't gotten a single bug, crash, or even performance drop. Worth the full price in my opinion. Maybe I'm easily entertained but either way this game is hilarious and fun. All of the characters are unique and the different playstyles of each can be combined to make awesome strategies. A very good successor to the Saints games."
76561197993982702,Recommended,304530,34473009,Posted: 24 August,all,Ketrus,"Pick it up when it goes on sale.There are lots of pieces of a good game here, somewhat loosely cobbled together in an open world that is more detailed and vibrant than SR4, but also smaller and less rewarding to explore. The diversions, collectibles, and most damningly, music in this game is less of a draw. As a result, the open world is more of a distraction or outright hindrence to the primary gameplay mode--completing missions--rather than complimentary to it.The villains are delightful, and far more charming than the player characters. For the most part, that works out. Your squad members express themselves through gameplay more than through narrative, and the designers have done a fairly good job of giving you a lot of options for how you want to play through the game. Aside from movement, I enjoyed the gameplay of AoM moreso than the last few Saint's Row games.Eventually, the format of ""run around from point A to point B, shooting members of COBRA"" is going to wear a little thin. You can mix things up by changing party members, but it remains the primary limitation of this game's appeal. The difficulty scaling aggravates this a little. I played the last half of the game on max difficulty, which only really increases enemies' durability and damage--they don't get any smarter or unpredictable, it just takes longer to wear them down. I finished the game's missions in about 25 hours, which is a good thing. It didn't overstay its welcome for me.The game has some systems of questionable utility. GREMLIN tech (consumables), for instance, is entirely optional to beating the game but comprises a significant chunk of the unlocks and rewards you receive. Aside from gutterballs used to speed up boss fights and the occasional mulligan, I never really used it. Similarly, the game teaches you how to hijack civilian vehicles, immediately before it teaches you to never bother hijacking civilian vehicles. It feels like some of this fat could have been trimmed. I do not know why the global conflict screen even exists, except to lock access to top-tier LEGION tech (character talents) behind a timer.For all those flaws, I enjoyed the game and do not regret the purchase. I do advise waiting a few years to pick it up. There are no innovations here that require your immediate attention, it's simply a well-made game gifted with a lot of talented artists and cursed by hazy project direction. OTOH, D.Va's voice actress plays an artificial intelligence K-Pop star, so maybe get it yesterday."
,Recommended,304530,34382993,Posted: 20 August,all,Blapz,"Great Game. After 8 Hours of play, Ive unlocked 10/12 characters, learned a lot of character background, and the other 2 characters are from the main story! Enjoying it. Its definetly an Indie style game, but I love it"
76561198002545469,Recommended,304530,34275213,Posted: 16 August,all,St0rmwielder,"This is what i always wanted Overwatch and Battleborn to be. Stylish, over the top, great shooting mechanics and really well done characters. Best part of it? it's Singleplayer. BB failed because it relied too much on players and Overwatch is very bland and boring. I like the humor in agents, the graphics, the controls, characters etc...I just hope there will be more dlc's with endgame content cause after unlocking all these cool characters, i want to take them out on a ride. I enjoy it though so it gets both thumbs up."
76561198021485189,Recommended,304530,34327704,Posted: 18 August,all,Prophet AKA Burgar,"This game is recomended if you are a fan of Deep Silver and the Saint's Row saga, otherwise, I suggest you to wait for sales.It is not the most techically advanced game, nor the most refined gameplay wise. However it succeeds into giving you lots of stuff to do and an interesting cast of character to do it.And it succeeds in making you feel like a badass, mowing down wave after wave after wave of enemies.The sci-fi aesthetics, mixed with the old G.I. Joe cartoon vibe are pleasant, even if not the most pleasing I've seen. And the framerate is not super-stable either.Cracking voice lines, well acted, but forgettable musics.If you liked Saints Row, welcome aboard agent. All the rest can wait for a better deal."
76561198037211342,Recommended,304530,34985762,Posted: 15 September,all,Vapor187,While I applaud Volition for trying something different. I was and am still craving another official saints row game. Gameplay in Agents feels like Saints. Only leaves me wanting to go back to Saints Row 4. I have been a longtime fan of Volition. I just feel like this game was testing the waters when I really wanted a full fledged Saints Row game or even a Saints Row 1 and 2 remaster! Come on Volition!
,Recommended,304530,34296400,Posted: 16 August,all,benzene6,"I really like this game already.  I own Saints Row: Gat out of Hell and I have fun with that one, but this one, is more exciting for me.  I really say get this game.  It's more exciting to play and I like the humor in the game"
,Recommended,304530,34772284,Posted: 6 September,all,Kozi,"dis gaem casual. is gud casual tho. But normal price steep... (I can see why in what they put in, but gameplay wise = ???)Wait for sale and have mid-to-low expectations, and you'll have gud tiem."
76561198387431532,Recommended,304530,34788724,Posted: 6 September,all,J_Star400,"Agents of Mayhem is not Saints Row. It's a new IP from Volition, that borrows certain elements from Saints Row. But at the same time, it's an attempt from Volition to try something new. An homage to old cartoons like G.I Joe, with an over the top story mostly presented through animated cartoon cutscenes. It's got the usual brand of humor that Volition is known for. While I've gotten plenty of laughs out of this, not everyone has the same sense of humor. The gunplay is most improved from Volition's previous works. The main playable Agents all feel different and unique. Each equipped with a triple jump, a dash and or invisibly cloak, and default weapon. They each have a Special ability and a Mayhem ability. Strong powerful moves that can give you the upper hand in combat. You complete main missions, side missions, and kill Legion troops all over the city of Seol to gain XP in order to level up your Agents. You also get specific rewards as well for completing objectives or finding crates around the city. You travel by foot or car. The driving is fine, but you can also take to the rooftops to get around. While I find repetitiveness to be a weak critique, as every game is essentially repetitive, some would find that to be the case here. Also make sure you have a good rig to play this on. Optimization is poor, and there's glitches present. At the end of the day it's a fun game, that I'm sure others can get into, spend a bunch of time in it and enjoy. Especially this day and age when people constantly whine for something new."
76561198168764338,Recommended,304530,34780548,Posted: 6 September,all,TheOneAndOnly,"Good game!I really like the interactions and the gameplay, there are bugs here and there but I really don't mind them. Hopefully they'll address to the problems quickly so that everyone else can enjoy the game.Personally I don't think the game is worth $60. If you want this game, or are intrested in playing, wait till they have a sale on it."
,Recommended,304530,34311163,Posted: 17 August,all,Pumpkinton,Better than GTA V and Saint Row the turd & 4
,Not Recommended,304530,34892998,Posted: 11 September,all,dave,"I finally played the game through to the end and honestly, it's not worth it.Even if you like the crap games of the Saint's Row series, Agents of Mayhem is not worth your time or money.Aside from multiple performance issues everyone talks about even on a more than capable machine, the game is riddled with bugs such as falling though a level or breaking a mission by skipping objectives, the base of the game-play is lacking.As you push to make progress in the city by taking back outposts, destroying doomsday machines, and freeing Relic's shops of enemies, the moment you turn your back, all that progress is gone. And once you start to level your characters and want to increase the difficulty, rather than new enemies, the same troops come out but are now bullet spongues, or worst yet, you get a support trooper with them that makes others invincible with no way of getting past the buff aside from just waiting it out. That's just plain bad game design. Similar issues were the reason the later Saint's games failed to hit the mark. Too much focus on ""MORE MORE MORE"" without taking a moment to ask if its actually fun. Spoiler: its not.I bought this game as a fan of the Saint's franchise and I truely expected more from the Volition team. They really disappointed me with this one and I would think it'll disappoint other fans as well. Even If you're not a fan and just looking for some mindless, open-world fun, there are so many other games that do it better, for less money, and less bugs.Avoid this game."
76561197993449701,Not Recommended,304530,34406792,Posted: 21 August,all,Zenthar,"The game is very meh. Not bad, just very average. Hard to recommend at 60$.Although the gameplay and visuals were enjoyable, I was expecting an interesting story and characters from the trailers but it's not the case.- The story and purpose of the Agency is very forgettable along with the villains. The city of Seoul just feels dead and failed to give us a sentiment of treat from the Legion (up until the last mission).- The Agents are underdeveloped since there are 12 of them and only 2 missions with their own story which are often not giving you much in term of depth. I would have preferred less agents to choose from and more focus on those. Due to this, I felt the Agency was just a bunch of random people thrown together without much synergy.- Overall, the humor was more miss than hit (in my case at least). The banter with the agents you choose for each mission is very scarce and is more often than not uninteresting and/or not funny.Felt like a big letdown and not on par with the quality of their other Saint Row games. This is sad since there is a lot wasted potential here and I still think a good sequel is possible.In the meantime, probably worth picking this one up on sales."
76561198162314719,Recommended,304530,34747785,Posted: 4 September,all,Papa Pepper,"Jesus is this game fun, there are problems of course. In an overall experience, it is extremely fun."
76561198006716259,Recommended,304530,34320827,Posted: 17 August,all,Ewalden,"Volition Inc. has made a new game.Agents of Mayem can be described in various ways; it is a third person shooter, its an open world game, it is a super hero game, and its a cheesy game. It combines flawed hero personalities with flippant humor and interesting abilities. One could argue that its Overwatch meets Saints Row. What it isn't though is Overwatch and Saints Row.The game has fun if slightly repetative action, an over the top storyline with interesting yet stereotype and cliche villains and heroes, as well as a novel if simple approach to making an open world. The world itself lets you roam freely, much like Saints Row games, and has hidden secrets and enemies here and there, however it is a smaller world, and it feels less real in so many ways.Now I also said it could be compared to Overwatch, and this lies with the setting of the game itself. Agents of Mayhem delivers a future fantastic world, while it has similarities to our own it also has differences. It even has robotic humanoids, intelligent AI persona and automated drone vehicles, such as roaming advertisment boards.The story of the game is rather simple. The world is imperiled by a large organization, an evil super crime syndicate called Legion. They have more or less taken control of the world, and their presence is everywhere. The heroes are members of Mayhem, a counter-organization which prime goal is to stop Legion. Your characters are Agents of Mayhem. Straight forward, more or less, and simple.What this game isn't is a new Saints Row game. It has many similarities, including vehicles, civilians, civil defense robots, criminal super soldiers and many minor events and mini missions throughout the world, but it lacks things in comparison as well. There are a lot less character customization, heroes being premade, there is a lot less equipment, every hero being prearmed, though with modifiable abilities, and so on. Overall you might not have that much less weapon options, but it is limited in the sense of which three heroes you deploy.There are many things I like about this game however, and I have no trouble recomending it. Perhaps my favorite part is chosing the heroes for the mission and setting the difficulty before I deploy my heroes into the world. As long as people are aware that they aren't getting a new Saints Row. What they are getting is something both slightly better and at the same time not the same. I really like the setting and characters, however I miss the old guys and the perhaps slightly greater freedom you had in games like Saints Row 3 and 4.The biggest drawback so far is that the game is single player only. It does not have co-op. This is not a major issue for me, as I mostly played the Volition games single player, however, it might be a issue to some, be aware of it. Also the game does have certain graphical issues.I have a tendency to give a die roll. 1-6. Where x.5s are possible. No x.5 here however. The game is a 4 out of 6. The developers have managed to hammer together an entertaining if simple gaming experience, cheesy yet fun, that could have offered a bit more, such as co-op, but overall this is a solid, but not excellent title."
,Recommended,304530,34273822,Posted: 16 August,all,Beastapus,Yes
76561198093054323,Recommended,304530,34300346,Posted: 16 August,all,AH_Atomic,Great game. The characters are fun and the dialogue is hilarious. The gameplay is epic and the story is good.
,Recommended,304530,34305376,Posted: 17 August,all,Lightning,this is a good game .only have one stupid CN man do not see and learn english .you know what ?stupid people with stupid life .
76561198010585860,Not Recommended,304530,34356513,Posted: 19 August,all,SomeUnregPunk,"It's buggy on release as of 8/19/2017.I'm not being paid by Deep Silver Volition to spot bugs and report them nor am I going to pay for that ""privilege.""I played 42 minutes, got through the 2 missions and slammed into 3 bugs and the last one made it impossible to proceed.I wouldn't suggest buying this at this moment in time.[edit] ah well... I'll just list the bugs for free...Jumping and grabbing on ledges to pull yourself up didn't work 98% of the time for me. I had to spam jump at a ledge during a training mission just to get the ledge grab. 5 minutes of jumping at multiple points on the ledge until I got that one location that worked. Then this same bug occurred in another mission.You can slam into invisible walls between you and your enemies! Shotgun guy can hit grunts at medium to close range but for both bosses I faced, I needed to be in their face to get the hits. I practically just used melee to beat his training mission. This bug also popped up during the training mission for the lady with twin SMGs. Except with her, I couldn't hit grunts and grunts couldn't hit me even though visually there was nothing between us.The last mission I was on told me to press E to scan. That didn't work. Or there was no sound or visual indication that it was working. I had to spam the E button while looking at everything at the waypoint until the next part of the mission unlocked. Which was to jump up on top of an elevator.Your character can't jump that high. And the character refuses to grab onto the ledge.At this point I decided to uninstall and get a refund."
,Not Recommended,304530,34519810,Posted: 26 August,all,Westerland,Empty open world with repetitve patterns of missions and enemies.The comedy factor does not deliver either. The game gets boring after 10 hours.Wait for sale.
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,304530,34532246,Posted: 27 August,all,ArchAngelPaladin,This game runs so poorly i can't get into it.  Yes my rig is dated but this game also doesn't look any better than saints row 3 and 4 so there is absolutly no reason for it to run this badly.There's also a bunch of sjw intersectional nonsence and i can't tell if it's satire or not.  It kind of feels like Volition has gone full bioware.
76561198133060396,Not Recommended,304530,34394755,Posted: 21 August,all,weirdguy,"pretty but boring and unimaginative, nothing exciting ever happens"
76561198001408368,Recommended,304530,34856439,Posted: 10 September,all,Queen HawlSera,"Possibly the best GI Joe game ever made, you owe it to yourself to treat yourself to a game where you shoot people in the face with guns."
,Not Recommended,304530,34890988,Posted: 11 September,all,mightyshadowguy,"I meet all the minumum requirmenets and everything is  greater in the recommended except the graphics card but not by much. I can run GTA V on Ultra, Fallout 4, and all my other games with little to no fps drops, yet in this game I can't get a stable frame rate... Most users are complaining about the same issue. You guys really need to fix something."
76561198127523456,Not Recommended,304530,34267615,Posted: 15 August,all,Parzival,"So far, I honestly like this game quite a lot. The graphics are beautiful, the dialogue (all though cheesy at times) is funny and enjoyable, and the gameplay is fantastic. Sadly, the game also suffers from horrible performance issues after the main tutorial, and the open world is small with not much to do inside of it. I feel that this game may have needed a little more polish before being released, and hopefully the lag can be fixed sooner rather than later. Because, like I stated at the beginning of this, I really do like this game."
,Recommended,304530,34321900,Posted: 17 August,all,adam.muise,"Even if you didn't play Saint's Row, this a great brainless shoot em up. Sort of like Crackdown but with a bit more polish and splendor."
,Not Recommended,304530,34356435,Posted: 19 August,all,Kiro,"Sure the cutscenes are nice and all and there are alot of characters to compose a squad with, but I find that other than the missions? There's nothing really to hold your time other than ""collectable gathering"" in the open world to upgrade your team.  Honestly I wish they would have added multiplayer for this, would have made it loads more enjoyable."
,Recommended,304530,34801443,Posted: 7 September,all,Icetex,Revamped Review:My thoughts: its really fun game more than SR4Pros:* fun gameplay* fun heros* fun tech* Some Heros are Stronger than the others such as Oleg being opCons:* Some Heros are weaker than the others specially Red Card  he can get gunned down in a matter of seconds* Repetivess gameplay* Grinding for metritals and xp and cashSo Overall i really like this game but i recommend it for fans of super hero gamesi give this 8/10
,Not Recommended,304530,34275663,Posted: 16 August,all,rebel_ill,"Very disappointing. 2/5. Not a Saints Row title, not even remotely. It is like a crappy version of Crackdown written by a 12 year old and made to feel like Mass Effect.  You can actually see the projectiles striking the enemy, but they do not damage them because of the games arbitrary low range for weapons. Your weapons basically have 5-10 foot range unless you are using a rifle.   I uninstalled and refunded after an 1.5 hours.  Not worth $60.  They let you switch instantly between three different characters to pull of super combo strategies, but what they do not tell you is that each character SUCKS and cannot hold its own, so you end up constantly switching characters to stay alive."
76561198125211134,Recommended,304530,34380745,Posted: 20 August,all,The God of Music,"INTROAgents of Mayhem is Volition's latest entry into the action-adventure genre and is a welcome breath of fresh air from the complete mess of a game that was Saint's Row 4.GAMEPLAYWhile action-adventure perfectly describes this game i think RPG fits into the game tags just as well, with fleshed out combat featuring many different modifications to each playable character, or agent, finding your perfect trio of agents with their own varied ability sets should be no problem. While customizing your many different agents is loads of fun, putting them into combat is where the game really shines. The fast and fluid combat of this game is great and can be learned and mastered by anyone who enjoys fun, and with an extensive 15 DIFFICULTY LEVELS players can find their perfect amount of challenge compared to reward. Leading up to the release of this game driving was a factor questioned by many and to put it simply, this is not Saint's Row 4 driving, getting around to your objectives does require the use of a vehicle most of the time which is a good thing considering driving in this game is extremely fun. I've never had a better time taking sick jumps in a wide variety of ten different vehicles each with their own attributes all over Seoul which intergrates ramps and other stunting structures seamlessly into it's enviroment.STORYThe story is another quite good part of this game as well, pepppered with numerous jokes that Volition is known for. It is worth noting that if you haven't enjoyed the humor in the Saint's Row games then this will probably be no different, however if you have enjoyed the Saint's Row brand of humor in the past then the story in this is sure to please.GLITCHESHowever miniscule I have noticed a few glitches, none of them game breaking, after 18 hours of gameplay i've experienced one crash, however, I am willing to dismiss these errors as at the time of writing the game has only been released for a few days with many patches and tweaks sure to come as time passes.CONCLUSIONOverall I'll say this, if you like Saint's row you'll like this, if you've never played Saint's Row maybe pick this up if it goes on sale, if you hate Saint's Row nothing i can say in this review or the content in Agents of Mayhem will likely impress you. Thanks for reading!"
76561198034519230,Recommended,304530,34323364,Posted: 18 August,all,Bedlamcitylimit,"I have not yet completed this game, but these are my thoughts on the game so far, as I'm pretty far in.Like the Saints Row series, which was compared to GTA, This game is a similar genre to another game series.The game is like the CRACKDOWN Series in how it plays with a bit of Saints Row and the feel of a satire/homage of the old 80's Saturday Morning Cartoon Shows.There are a few bugs, none game breaking so far, but AOM has crashed several times on me.The game has a auto save feature, which is fine, but it only saves your playthrough after each mission. So if you quit, or the game crashes, during a mission you will need to do the entire mission again.The characters are fun, their abilities are fun, the way each character plays differently adds a little variety to the game that I like.The missions are between 20 to 30 minutes long, which makes the game feel more like a Saturday Morning Cartoon.The NPC drivers in the game can get anoying as they drive like maniacs and run into you if you are near the road, they also drive over pavements and plaza's so watch out lol.You can change the difficulty of the game from the AOM base so if it's too hard lower the difficulity and start again or you can increase the difficulity if you find the game too easy. Which is a nice touch.The game might ""feel"" like a Saints Row game, with it's in game references to elements from the SR series, but it isn't as you could say this either is a Saints Row in Universe TV show or an alternate timeline. How this game is structured it feels more like an in Universe TV show.VERDICT: 8/10Almost as fun to play as Saints Row IV"
,Not Recommended,304530,34381844,Posted: 20 August,all,Public Security Section 9,"Sound is broken, game is enormous, vram usages is insanely high for how unrefined the graphics are.0/10 game"
76561198070846161,Recommended,304530,34363700,Posted: 19 August,all,rakkhot,"I would've just said:""If you like Saints Row 3, 4 or Gat out of Hell then you will like this game too."", if I hadn't read some of the other reviews. There are so many ppl saying this is more repetetive than the last few Saints Row games and I wholeheartedly disagree, sure there are many minigames and side missions like the ones in Saints Row, but they are nowhere near as tedious as the ones in the Saints Row games. You can also play most of them as much as you want and still get full loot everytime.I also like the combat much more than in the Saints Row games, it's much more fluid and less clunky, while there is the downside, that you can die faster than you can react, there is the counter for that in having the 3 agents, so even if 1 or 2 die you can still go on until they come back from the dead after they got some time to rest.The combat abilities are much more interesting since they are not as overpowered anymore and you have to use them with some tactic in mind in the harder fights. They also have much more nuances than the abilities from before.I really love that the driving was improved, I really hated to drive around in Saints Row because the driving always felt really awkward, in agents of mayhem it still isn't perfect, but it at least is fun again to sit in a vehicle and they actually are useful again unlike the cars in Saints Row 4 and Gat out of Hell, where you where faster and more agile without a car. Yea you don't have that much choice on what you want to get as your car but since I didn't like the driving in the games before I never really enjoyd tuning the cars, since I would use them as few as possible.The buildings are not just blocks with a roof anymore, many buildings have some floors you can go into and traverse through, sure it's not even near reality, but it feels much more real than the Saints Row buildings.There are a some things you could consider worse than in the last few Saints Row games:- The story feels much weaker and I think that is because you have much more characters you get to know but they didn't allocate more time to these different characters.- The game has some bugs and you can get yourself into situations where you have to restart missions because you advanced to fast in a mission and the mission bugged, making it impossible for you to complete it.- The freerunning and parkour feels pretty good most of the time but there is a problem with the game not realising that you are stuck on an edge because your jump was just a little shy of getting onto the platform above. There is a animation for characters pulling themselfs up from just below an edge, but that does only work at certain distances, if you are to close to the edge that animation does not trigger and you're stuck hovering along the edge in an eternal falling animation until you decide your attempt was fruitless and stop trying to push the forwards button, then you fall down and start from the beginning.- I disliked some of the political commentary on todays political climate in the real world because these are jabs that are relevant today and will be outdated very fast, wich in turn means that a part of the game will be outdated pretty fast."
76561198005103102,Not Recommended,304530,34470772,Posted: 24 August,all,Roland XII,Saints Row The Third > Saints Row IV > Agents of Mayhem.
76561198077039921,Not Recommended,304530,34285596,Posted: 16 August,all,gundammechlord,"(Update) People have discovered that the reason why most of these issues that I and others are having is due to us having older processors (some people having some really old ones). My processor is well above the actual minimum equivalent, but the socket is old because AMD is, well, it's AMD. The main problem I have now is that nowhere was it mentioned that the SSE 4.1 was necessary before buying it, because when stating that a certain level of hardware or its equivalent is necessary most people just look at the technical capabilities of it, so if you don't have a processor with SSE 4.1 compatability don't get this game, or get a new processor. My only other gripe about this would be the fact that they could just patch in compatability with older hardware pretty easily, as other companies have had to do in the last few years with other games. Volition should have just tested this games ability to run on a wide variety of set-ups (you know like most game companies do) before they released it. So if you don't have that level of processor your options are to not buy it, upgrade your processor, or buy it and hope that they patch in compatability; but when it comes to the Mafia 3 debacle that could take months.(Original) Let me preface this by saying that I love Volition's games, including The Punisher. You'll also notice that my current play time is under an hour, and that's because I actually haven't even been able to play the game. There's an issue where it will be running and visible on task manager, and Steam will even count play time, but nothing pops up; the game doesn't crash, and nobody can seem to help. Everyone, including the dev (who is doing his best), just keeps repeating the same fixes over and over again. I and others are currently dealing with this issue, and though we have hardware that is more than capable of running the game, it flat out does not function. Verily I understand that the game just came out and there may be issues, and I've played some games that had some rough launches - I bought Total War Rome 2 day one and the game was disgustingly buggy, but at least I was able to play it, and, to me, games should have almost all of their functionality errors fixed before launch (that's what pre-launch betas are for)."
,Not Recommended,304530,34408270,Posted: 21 August,all,That MerriAuthor,"This is the first game I've ever requested a refund for on Steam, which says a lot considering I have a tab of games labeled ""Games I Own But Will Probably Never Finish"".I was initially enticed enough by trailers to pick the game up as a bit of an impulse buy.  I've never played the SR games before but have friends who raved over them, so I figured trying something from the creators would be a safe purchase.  Not so much, it turns out.  On the positive side, the game overall looks great - sleek and flashy with smooth graphics.  At least, once I actually got it to stay in Fullscreen mode by fussing around with the display.ini file.  That's really all the praise I can honestly give the game though.While I admittedly didn't play for very long, I don't feel like I needed to.  I've rarely encountered a game that was so immediately unsatisfying.  I ran the prologue and the first few missions, and it became very clear that the game didn't have much to offer beyond a glossy coat of paint.  The world - for all its color - is lifeless.  The characters and writing completely miss the campy 80s cartoon vibe they were aiming for and spiral off into cringe-inducing nonsense.  Not to mention the 2D animated sequences look really cheap and unfinished.  I understand they're going for that old G.I. Joe cartoon look with limited motion and such, but they miss the mark entirely and it just looks like a half-hearted attempt.Game play is very meh.  Mediocre at best, as far as I got along with it.  Go here, shoot people until a thing happens, drive around in a handful of blocky, unremarkable cars.  Lather, rinse, repeat until unconscious.  In terms of combat none of the characters really felt all that different from one another - no more so than a single character would feel with a different range capacity on their gun.  Between the character taking up a huge portion of the screen's real estate with their body and the messily cluttered UI everywhere, it made putting enemies into the cross-hairs a chore and entirely unsatisfying to fight them once they're there.  After finishing missions, there was nothing at all satisfying about the rewards and upgrades - they just felt like they were tacked on and didn't matter at all.  To say nothing of the overwhelming sense of ""this feels and sounds exactly like Overwatch's end-of-match reward count"" in the presentation.So... yeah, can't honestly say I recommend this game at all.  Certainly not at its price and download size.  I see a lot of folk have positive reviews for the game and found things they enjoy in it, so good on them.  I'm glad they're having fun, but my money is going to be better re-purposed on a game that has more heft to it."
76561198160210296,Recommended,304530,34265124,Posted: 15 August,all,FIZZIE,"Just perfectThe graphix are beautiful, the movement is agile, the city is just full with life with all those vehicles, pedestrians and so many lights and the story is really fun in the clasical sr3-4 way"
,Recommended,304530,34270521,Posted: 15 August,all,tears,Volition and deep silver must not have paid off the review sites to get such hateful reviews because so far this is a really fun game.Easily reccomended.
76561198046161394,Recommended,304530,34320976,Posted: 17 August,all,Baron Von Wienerschnitzel,"After completing the game I wish to give out a review of this (play time: 12 hours)So, Agents of mayhem, also known as saints row:  hot fuzz, and Johnny gats wet dream. The best way to describe the game is that it is a fun third person shooter. With a good bit of mobility and variety in regards to characters The game in it of itself is fun, Seoul is a nice looking city to drive around, and due to the broad difficulty levels, there is a challenge to the enemy of your choosing (I played on difficulty 4)However, even though I recommend the game. It still falls short on some stuff.. First things first, I completed the game in 12 hours, which is in a span of 3 days. This playtime is the story mode and about 20 - 40% of the optional operations. I myself personally feel that for a 60 euro game, it is not worth the investing price at launch. However I can potentially see this game selling well once lowered, since it will be worth its money in regards of timeAnother thing that falls short of the game is that I have encountered alot of bugs. The game is pretty, but not perfect. I had a memory leak once. The windowed borderless mode is something you cannot minimize, and with my 2 year old pc (running 4.0 ghz cpu and a beefy 970 nvidia gtx) I sometimes bump into frame dips, especially when alot of pretty lights appear. (note: I have placed the graphic settings to medium)To give a good short note on all of this: The game is good, but not worth 60 euros. There is simply not enough in the game to make it to the price. It is like a fuse. You play it, you enjoy it greatly through and through, and before you know it.. The games finished. Leaving you a bit stunned since it ended so shortly.and additional note to this, the ending seemed odd. Like the game was rushed, so they fixed it with a ending like that, it also seemed to be the kind of ending that was open, prompting more dlc and expansions along the way. I have used 60 euros on the game, to be left in the dust like that sucks. And it would be quite the gut punch to see that I have to invest more money into the game to get a proper satisfying endinganyway that is my review of it. Good game, too short, with some  bugs, and a void ending"
76561198077096715,Not Recommended,304530,34269405,Posted: 15 August,all,CrashGameReviews,"This is a day 1 reviewCons:Introduction is luke warm and bland no epic music no heroic moments just a short 10 minute mission with a boring boss battleno character customization outside of skins you can unlock?Suffers from severe FPS drops, below 30 when in gun fights and drivingToo much V-ram Usage even on medium to low graphics it's much too highunoptimized as of right nowImpossible to stream on twitch as the game will freeze on simple things like a character jumping.Climbing up buildings is impossible and will leave you running around buildings down several city blocks searching for a hackable platform so you can either save someone, or place a pylon, either way you end up resetting the side missions each time you go to far. (this made me skip all the side missions and have no interest in them, I don't want to steal slow cars either)Medicore jump height, A triple Jump that barely gets you 20 feet off the ground or anywhere near the height saints row 4 did (yes i'm compairing it because it's supposed to be a spin off)Weapons are slow with slower reloadsaiming is incredibly slowcertain characters fire weapons slowly even after leveling them up or adding gadgets to make them fire faster.Hardattack or what ever his name is, is useless due to his shotgun having such a short firing range that i immedietly replaced him with Johnny gat or just never used him again.Rama takes forever to draw her arrow to full strength which is what you'd assume to do when playing as her This will just get you killed and by the time you fire 1 arrow your shield is gone and your health is probably taking a heavy hit.The music is boring  and doesn't stand out at all. there is no Epic jumping out of a helicopter music or an amazing rock and Roll romance song playing and no rocket you need to destroy to save the world,The city does not feel alive, There's no conversations between citizens at all, no vocal reaction of citizens either you can shoot them and they don't even scream.Characters special moves are stylized yet weak and disappointing in terms of damage outputI want to refund this game so i don't want to play more than 2 hours of it. but if i came up with all these issues in a matter of only 2 hours then i'm not the problem the game is considering dozens of people have been feeling this way.i've spent more time writing this review than playing the game at this point.Johnny Gat is DLC exclusive.Day 1 DLC.Instead of Agents of Mayhem having it's own Identity it feels like it's just copying sunset overdrive with a mixture of overwatch to it.No multiplayer but it feels like it was there at some point but taken out half way through.Pros:Johnny GatThe cartoon cut scenesYetivague saints row references??"
76561197976554639,Recommended,304530,34259675,Posted: 15 August,all,Bag33,A lot better than expected. Im not having any issues
76561198218062791,Recommended,304530,34268339,Posted: 15 August,all,MEGAMAN,"If you want a cool and relax game to play in solo or with a couple friends and you've been enjoying the saint row series, this games is for you. Plus its have guns to go boom boom on Dr Babylone."
,Recommended,304530,34789987,Posted: 7 September,all,DualityJack,"Unalike most folks, I enjoy it a ton. It's a campy romp with no maturity and plenty of things to shoot. It's simple. It's fun. It's dumb. Kinda a throwback to early crackdown like games with pop culture gags everywhere. It's short, but it's repayable, as mucking around is entertaining, and unalike saint's row games in the past, when you beat the game you can actually keep playing in a world full of things to do.It needs more polish for sure, but it's pretty solid if you want to feel like a vulgar GI:Joe blasting your way through endless piles of mooks. It's not a smart game, but it doesn't need to be. I'd reccomend getting it on sale, but I also hope it sells well enough they can make a sequel with a bit more time and money put into it.On a true 1-10 scale (0 Being it can't run, 1 being ET, 10 being Witcher 3)I'd give it a modest 7/10"
76561198020268035,Recommended,304530,34377956,Posted: 20 August,all,brookes,"Great Game very Enjoyable, yea there are a few hiccups nothing major simply restart from last checkpoint fixes most things, no decent tunes in the car but no worries usually have my own music playing anyhow. $60 is a bit much but payed it to get Gat otherwise wait for a sale or when you have the cash but worth getting."
,Recommended,304530,34320230,Posted: 17 August,all,ExpiredLifetime,"The optimization for this game in its current state is beyond terrible (SLI 1080s; microstuttering while at 60+ FPS when it decides to run that framerate), but if you're willing to overlook that then it's certainly an entertaining game. Turn off all of the NVidia options and the stability gets fixed, somewhat."
76561197997404567,Recommended,304530,34544964,Posted: 27 August,all,Sleepy Eric,"Agents of Mayhem I think is a great game. THere aren't any bugs that I've encountered (Besides this one time whne I switch agents and the agent I previously controlled was turned into some weird skinny alien monster and I couldn't do anything) but other then that it runs pretty well. The combat is easy enough to pick up and I like that agents have their own specialties used for specific enemies and such.With the open world aspect and the ability to triple jump (and depending on the agent's traversal passive, be able to have one wall jump/clamber or whatever you wanna call it) it feels like saints row meets crackdown. Sorta it's not fully like SR when it comes to customization but it is when it comes to over the top action and well written characters used in ridiculous stories.Graphics are pretty good, pedestians are meh, vehicles are lame except for the agency vehicles but I mean in SR 4 and GAT Out of Hell you didn't even need vehicles. Customization for them are just as limited as they are for the agents which is lame. Not to mention sometimes I run into this issue that I haven't seen since GTA 4 i'm pretty sure where if your going to fast the area your heading towards doesn't render fully. I have a pretty damn good computer so I'm not sure why that's the case but oh well.The universe seems to be the same as the one from Saints Row but there is no mention of the Saint's other then the fact that Johnny Gat is playable... however that's only possible if you had pre ordered which I'm getting tired of hearing. You wanna let people play the game early or get out of game merchandise or something for pre-purchasing that's fine but this whole certain game content isn't allowed for anyone that didn't pre-order is starting to become nonsense. Infamous Second Son, Dragon Ball Xenoverse series, plenty of other games have done this and it's irritating. I hope it isn't a permanent thing and he'll be DLC or something (even the the pre-order crowd didn't pay extra for him) but for some reason I doubt it. This is really fustrating because I love Gat's banter and outlook on the world and events taking place around him. (usually that he doesn't care too much he's just gonna try and kill the problems and people)Alright, something else I do like about the game is there is a difficulty setting and your character can't become and unstoppable boring to play god at all. This game has as many Difficulty settings as Diablo 3 maybe even more. And the harder ones unlock at I believe a certain agency level or even agent level. I love this cause the last 3 saints games eventually got dull with how easy they were when you were nearly fully upgraded. I like that they incorperate mods to the abilities that are used for individual agents as to change how they play, even if it is slighty changed.I have a problem with the open world. It's a little too small scale for a game like this and there isn't enough to do. I finished all the outpost things after I finished the tutorial missions and before I even did the second main mission. It's insane how little to do there is in the open world aspect but I guess the focus for the game was the story the side missions and the contracts. I don't like it but it's not like it was a bad decision for everyone. Remember when people complained about how there was too much to do in Watch Dogs? So it's just my opinion but I'd like for there to be more to do. Especially since now there seems to be not a lot to do when I unlock all the agents which I feel I'm getting close to doing.The story is cool and funny, I'm not hugely invested in it but I do like it quite a bit. I actually care more about the backstory and agent story missions (side missions) giving you insight into why they are fighting against Legion and joined The Agency.Anyway I'm not a professional review and honestly I've never valued public opinion. I wouldn't say get this game cause I say so or even get it because of what reviews say. I like the game a lot and despite the improvements and changes I would make I like the game.OH one last thing. I wish the individual agents could have a few different weapons they could change between, but instead they are locked to the one weapon. That's probably because they are specific play styles and whatever and there are skins for their guns. For example there is this bow chick, I wouldn't make it so she could use an assault rifle like hollywood, but I would make it so she could have different kinds of bows that differentiate in terms of damage, range, draw speed, and even throw in like futuristic crossbows or something. THat would be pretty cool.Anyway have a nice day guys and enjoy."
76561198124943257,Recommended,304530,34940929,Posted: 13 September,all,olliethecorgi,"I love Saints Row IV and when I bought this game, I knew that this is NOT the continueation of SR IV. Gat being part of the game is just a bonus point. The only thing that can be improved is the control that felt slightly difficult at times. The world is not as huge, but still explorable, to some extent. All in all, I enjoy the game, as a standalone game, unrelated to SR series."
,Recommended,304530,34967541,Posted: 15 September,all,Galaxy Lord,"Agents of Mayhem is a very fun and unique shooter. The campaign is fairly long and the side missions are a great fill in, I honestly spent like 6 hours doing all the character chapters. The boss battles are fair not too difficult. There are 12 agents (Theres 13 in total actually, because thats a pre-order character which is everyones favourite badass, Johnny Gat). Heaps of customization, vehicles, weapon skins and much more. Okay, it's 60 dollars but it's worth it, I would rate this ""11 out of 10"" No, But seriously, Great story, Awesome gameplay, Badass agents, And great graphics."
76561197974241910,Recommended,304530,34310436,Posted: 17 August,all,Deserter,Addictive.
76561198082509206,Recommended,304530,35078298,Posted: 19 September,all,ed10k399,"Works well with...Intel i7-4770kNVidia GTX 10801440p gaming monitorFPS is always above 60 and goes above 100 at times. Settings are at max.Quite entertaining most of the time. I didn't do all the side / mini games though, as it feels repetitive without much reward for completing them.There are a lot of bugs in the game like portions of the map not loading properly (player cannot to to another location, therfore, cannot progress in the game), mission objectives not updating, etc. The game didn't crash on me, though."
,Recommended,304530,34259394,Posted: 15 August,all,Crispy The Jedi,so far so good i havent played much of aom but so far is enjoyable i will update this review when i finish the main storyUPDATE 1:15 hours of gameplay and i have done most of the side missions and alot of the story missionsfrom what i can tell the map is about the size of the first saints row  (as in smaller than all the others) but it has more going for it then all the saints row games besides 2its a mix of saints row and crackdownits a saints row sequel but it isnt (its complicated) it takes  place after the gat out of hell ending where god makes the events of saints row non-existant and all the characters have different livesthere are a few funny moments but not as many as previous SR gameswhile some say it is a new saints row and others say it isnt i can confirm that they are both rightUPDATE 2just finished the main missions and the side missions and they were VERY enjoyablemy experience with AoM was amazing but it had some minor issues (for me) and some thing could have been bettersound: 10/10graphics: 9/10character design 8/10environment 7/10replayability 6/10fun factor 8/10
76561198035229390,Recommended,304530,34403459,Posted: 21 August,all,mgdagirl137,"It's a fun game with some really enjoyable characters. The game play can be pretty crazy at times, but still enjoyable. Controlling the vechiles is never fun, but that's something that is an issue for me for all Volition PC games.It has some elements from the Saints Row games that I enjoy. The story is just as wacky as the Saints Row games, and so far is pretty entertaining.I just finishd the game, so I figured I'd update this review. There are lot of good things going on in the game. The characters and the story, being one of them. I actually enjoyed the combat. It was pretty smooth switching agents and using all the various attacks.A few of the bad things existed with the game though. The game did freeze up on me quite a bit. When it did, it usually was just a couple seconds and then I could resume the game. There were a couple times the game just crashed. The only other bad thing about the game is I would have appreciated a bit more variety in the legion lairs.So if you enjoyed the Saints Row games, then you'll probably enjoy this."
76561198043153752,Not Recommended,304530,34522903,Posted: 27 August,all,axle royal,"OK so this game is alright, the biggest draw to me, the city, looks amazing however you hardly ever spend any missions in it, almost all missions are in the same bases that you will visit many times. i cant recommend this game, even though i did have fun with it. the controls are great driving feels great. leveling feels pretty useless. all missions (including side missions) feel the same. SO many bugs from AI getting stuck behind doors to everything falling through the ground if im not looking at it. as a fan of saints row i was hoping this would help tide me over however i dont think im going to play this game ever again, i hate to say it but this game is mediocre. the game could have been fun if it wasnt so focused on the bases and actually had some reasons to look around seol.TLDR: mediocre."
,Not Recommended,304530,34271353,Posted: 16 August,all,spark me up papa,"The game feels like a clunky comic book. I would say it feels like a kid's game but it isn't appropriate for children, so I would say that nobody should really play this game."
76561198059372422,Recommended,304530,34880808,Posted: 11 September,all,ProNooP,"Very nice game! Not your typical Saints Row game, but still great fun, 10/10 would play again"
76561198025368625,Recommended,304530,34279600,Posted: 16 August,all,Sileo (Leo),"If you love Saints row universe, you will also love this game !!"
76561198017709760,Recommended,304530,34301014,Posted: 16 August,all,faux,"It's not Saints Row, but it upholds the humor of the previous games. If you like hours of running around and doing missions, this game is for you. If you like doing the mini quests and having your progress on those quests completely destroyed in a matter of seconds, this game is also for you.The game overall is fun, and there are plenty of reviews that will give the good, but I only want to talk about the bad.Seoul is a small city. It doesn't hold the expanse that Stillwater did in Saints Row. It feels small. They make up for it by having the missions be redoable. Bases that you capture will be taken back by Legion and you will have to capture them again. Oftentimes, they will be repatured in a matter of a minute, or even seconds after you have captured it. There doesn't seem to be a timer on this what so ♥♥♥♥ing ever. It's ♥♥♥♥ing maddening.I will capture an outpost, do the two missions that grant me income and get Gremlin's outpost, then move immedietely to the next quadrent, and the second I capture the outpost there, everything from the first post is gone. In a matter of five minutes. Or I will capture a base, go back to the Ark to do another international mission, then jump back into Seoul only to find that it's gone again.It takes me awhile to round up all the bases. I can't have more than one income at once, because they get captured the second I try to get another one, which will then be recaptured again the moment I jump back to the Ark.Why.Dear god why.Why did you do this.Why.Also I've run into some game breaking bugs such as the TAB menu refusing to close, or dash and run not working. Closing down the game completely and re-entering fixes this - BUT I LOSE ALL MY OUTPOSTS IF I DO SO WHAT'S THE ♥♥♥♥ING POINT."
,Recommended,304530,34270556,Posted: 15 August,all,Hunter34,The game is fun... with excting charcters .. combact and the open city to roam ..but the main problem i face is that the optimization is pretty messed up ..other than that the game is good to go on ..So i would like to give it a 7/10 as a overall score .
76561198055837109,Recommended,304530,34273456,Posted: 16 August,all,ThroneX,'Gat the Cop'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3y7KEwlt-s&t=1s
76561197970750409,Recommended,304530,34451884,Posted: 23 August,all,Deathwish,"Great game for letting off some steam and having a few chuckles. It does get repetitive after a while, but not any more so than other sandbox games.  It's fun to try out all the different agents but lets be honest Daisy is pure win and Yeti is a close second."
,Recommended,304530,34851959,Posted: 9 September,all,Kabantik,"Not quite the same level of crazy-zaney explosions everywhere, out of control super drug induced rave like play style as SR4 but it maintains the tradition to an extent. There are moments where the game doesn't feel ""complete"" and the constant KOTH fighting for locations is a little frustrating. A jukebox feature would have been greatly appreciated along with a customizable main character. It's definately moving in the right direction, not their best game but still good enough to purchase and sink a good 100-200 hours into."
76561198293381581,Recommended,304530,34848158,Posted: 9 September,all,Brig,"Really enjoyed the game and characters, glad I got it.A few bugs, but mostly fixed by reload from checkpoint."
76561198346820752,Recommended,304530,34883372,Posted: 11 September,all,DancingMercy,the main story was quite shortwish it had more stories to each characterbut overall it was worth pre-ordering since i am a big fan of volition and saints row serieswait for discount if you havent bought the game yet
76561198150810665,Not Recommended,304530,34879154,Posted: 11 September,all,Hentai-King,"I'll be honest I liked the game to a certain extent I know it holds no torch to the SR series but it had some charm of its own.  now you may wonder if I liked the game why do I not recommend it? well theres one big reason why, it has Denuvo Anti-tamper a well known third party software that gets installed with the game, why is it bad? well its been known to brick your SSD since it runs in the background while you play. This software make you game run bad with lagging and hard frame rate drops that make it almost unplayable. So with that one reason i cant recommend it, unless they get rid of this I cant recommend it."
,Not Recommended,304530,34270433,Posted: 15 August,all,RyanH,"Horribly optimized. Also, the dialogue is so cringey it would only be funny to a 3rd grader.There's barely anything that ties this world to Saints' Row except Johnny Gat, and the missions are just repetitive, with you shooting at the same enemies over and over."
76561198156425237,Recommended,304530,34411397,Posted: 22 August,all,nikovladim47,"Получил от игры именно то чего ожидал. Классные разные герои, интересные враги (особенно в синергии друг с другом), и что мне больше всего нужно было, оптимизация! Сильных багов не встретил."
,Recommended,304530,34270209,Posted: 15 August,all,ObsidianRazor,"Cheesy, you bet. Would you expect anything less. I just finshed the first mission and I was wavering, but now I'm sure that it was worth the money. No performance issues with an i7, 64G of RAM & a 1080 8G. The corny aspect is supposed to be there and at times seems a little thick, but as a whole it works. Fun gameplay, combat, special skills, voice acting.My only gripe is that as a PC game I should not need to use my Razor utility to key map. It does not recognize the keypad keys. It is hard for me to fathom how this still crops up in PC games, but since I have a quick workaround, I've fixed it.I recommend that game at full price."
,Recommended,304530,34425259,Posted: 22 August,all,Drug Dealer,"im not disapointed, Volition made a great job, maybe it's not Saints row 5 what we were waiting for but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.+Free open World in south korea ""thank god not in north korea i would imagine saving the world from a nuke if it was there...""+Many missions and unlimited same events+Many playable agents+Deja vu Drift+15 difficulties+destroy everything you see+unlocking secksy items/skins/upgrades+roof jumping 2.0 parkour master+you don't have to use car doors anymore+persephone french baguette is hot af+i enjoy playing weaboo-cutscenes made in anime style ""i don't like anime that's why it's a - 4 me plz no judge""-if you make civilian drivers panicing they just drive over you and remove your shields ""no ♥♥♥♥s given""-Nerf Turrets on hardest difficulty plz-i hate preorders ""now i don't have johnny gat as agent""-this game has small fps drops on high ""don't read the requirements on steam, it made a fool outa me""-no online coop or normal online ""hope they add it"""
,Recommended,304530,34267810,Posted: 15 August,all,Honestly Conx,"I love the game, but if you are not in to this style of gameplay and world, I would wait for a sale."
,Recommended,304530,34261472,Posted: 15 August,all,Fouway,This game is Amazing! Get it.
,Recommended,304530,34268079,Posted: 15 August,all,LoneWolf,"gamplay is okay, the game grapics are different and fresh and you could feel thr Saint's Row vibe when playing.......BUT the humor made by the heroes is far from being funny and in a lot of cases makes me cringe...if you are a die hard fan of SR series then this is the game for you... if not just...just make this game your last priority."
76561198017812511,Recommended,304530,34422834,Posted: 22 August,all,killingsnails,did you enjoy SR3 / SR4 / SR Gat out of hell ? if the answer is yes then you'll like this game toothe only negative I can think of is the fact that you can't shoot out of a car but I can see how using a minigun while driving would be a challenge :DPS: oh .... and I do miss the radio / music from SR
,Recommended,304530,34268640,Posted: 15 August,all,WE REQUIRE MORE VESPENE GAS,"It's a passable third person shooter with a good bit of personality.If you like the characters and the setting (I did), you'll have a good time. If you don't, you'll find the dialogue intrusions and cut scenes to be extremely obnoxious and annoying.Gameplay is solid - switching characters worked out better than I expected. It's like switching weapons in any other shooter, and the transitions are fast and seamless. Not sure how good of an idea giving everyone triple jump + air dash is, but it does make the game turn into Devil May Cry on higher difficulties, with juggling enemies and character switching to maintain combos.Overall good effort, and a decent enough twitch shooter with open world elements thrown in."
76561197989614124,Recommended,304530,34989208,Posted: 15 September,all,SpartacusBLB,"I think this game is great, just don't expect it to be a game you binge on, play it in small doses."
76561197970755243,Recommended,304530,34508842,Posted: 26 August,all,Mr W,Fun
,Recommended,304530,34267148,Posted: 15 August,all,yazzz,"Not like other Volition titles, but still a solid one."
76561198035328516,Recommended,304530,34264836,Posted: 15 August,all,Lecurito,"While the story isn't amazing, the gameplay is very fun."
,Recommended,304530,34264653,Posted: 15 August,all,Mister_X,"Very enjoyable if you like open world sandbox games. Whilst it isnt saints row by any means, there are still elements of it in there.Very pretty, light and bright art style. A refreshing change from doom and gloom.Strange that there is no co-op though. It feels like the game was built for it.Combat is well done, nice variety of abilities from all the heroes.Dialogue is aso high quality."
76561197983704155,Recommended,304530,34827279,Posted: 8 September,all,lionfan96,"i grew up in the 80s, and this game feels like a cartoon from that decade with better effects.  its also got some much needed humor.  this game doesnt take itself seriously AT ALL.. and thats a really good thing.as for the gameplay, its pretty much identical to sants row 4 / Gat Out of Hell.. the shooting feels the same.. you got agency level ups.. just like you had gang level ups in sants row.. you got powers just like in saints row 4, and there is a decent amount of activities.  the one thing i miss is that they dont have a Professor Genki type activity.. that would have been cool.. that said, the individual agent missions are fun and really add to the story of the game.Volition took a bit of risk with this title, and some people wont like it.  thats fine.  i personally feel they did a great job, and i hope we get some more story DLC and eventually a sequel."
76561198015196676,Recommended,304530,35286620,Posted: 29 September,all,ssh4life,"What I like:Combat is fun and varied as there are 12 different chracters with their own fighting styles and special abilities. The enemies come in a modest array of types that present unique challenges depending on the characters you've chosen to bring along. For example, Scheherazade (best ninja in video games ever) is super good for taking out foot soldiers, but boombots give me trouble because they explode quickly when she gets within melee range. Its best to switch to another party member and take the bots out first.Cool looking city to explore with a lot of verticality that takes advantage of the character's traversal abilities. Many nooks and crannies with treasure chests (respawning) and crystal shards (not respawning) to collect. I am blown away with all the hidden courtyards and alleys and underground locations there are to be found, even after 90 hours of playing I'm still finding them. Another favorite is that some of the tall buildings have floors where you can smash the window glass and get into the buildings, it's fun trying to figure out how to get there...The best ninja I've played in a video game to date: Scheherazade, she rocks and is super fun to play. Turn the difficulty all the way up and try to run through a Legion Lair with her alone.I found the voice acting and chracterization really charming, in particular Red Card just cracks me up everytime. Also some of my favorites from Overwatch are here, Darin De Paul (Reinhardt) as Dr. Babylon and Charlet Chung (D.Va) as AISHA.Legion lairs are constructed from randomly laid out rooms with a randomly selected challenge in each room. sometimes its poison gas and locked doors that must be unlocked, sometimes its kill all enemies, etc. There are also secret doors and passages that can be found, but these are also randomized to keep ya guessing. Pretty great for revisiting, as they condense all the good combat and game systems into a nice chunk of gameplay that can be enjoyed in a short amount of time.Gripes:Bugs. Some of them are real bad, and require treading carefully on my part. Check the forums. I hope they can fix 'em all.I love this game so much and am worried that all the negative response and poor sales will mean we never see a sequel or expansion.You don't get to start the game with Scheherazade (best ninja in a video game ever, did I mention?)"
,Recommended,304530,34440385,Posted: 23 August,all,Michael,"Agents of mayhem is like a mix of saints row & crackdown, very fun and addicting game."
76561198068371434,Not Recommended,304530,34260633,Posted: 15 August,all,l.shanksy,"It's VERY meh, humor is off, combat is easy and simplistic, and the characters are just so cringy. Buy/replay Saints Row, you're way better off... :("
76561197964116125,Recommended,304530,34344920,Posted: 19 August,all,Riftwake,"It's a fun game. If you like Crackdown, Overwatch, Saints Row, it'll keep you entertained for 10-20 hours at least. If you want to collect everything and level up everyone, it'll give you the 40 I think all 60 dollar games need to provide to justify their price.Only really one big con... the game is still pretty buggy. I often can't trigger the next part of a mission, so I have to restart or reload or relaunch the game to get it to progress forward (often repeating the same mission a second time) the lairs are sort of 'samey' but the combat is fun enough to look past that.I often get stuck in the menu screen and can't escape out of it, have to force close the game and relaunch.... if you can handle having to do that once or twice per 2-3 hours of gameplay then this game is a good pickup.If you hate bugs and they make you angry, stay away from this one until the patches come through."
,Not Recommended,304530,34264081,Posted: 15 August,all,Tezla Insanity,Not too far in but im far enough in to notice preformance issues and fps drops. :/
76561197989894923,Not Recommended,304530,34262420,Posted: 15 August,all,wonderfulme,"Offline Overwatch wannabe.If you were looking for something like Saints Row, you're in for a big disappointment.""You're leaving the mission area"" pretty much describes the Open World claim.Overall disappointing graphics, very disappointing gameplay.They also managed to make the 2D anime inserts to actually lag.It's not fun, it's not funny, it ain't good gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,304530,34321619,Posted: 17 August,all,King Dice,"Big surprise, lots of personlaity and action. Worth the price."
,Recommended,304530,34342678,Posted: 18 August,all,Jodem,This game is a lot of fun! It's definitely the type of game only Volition could really make work.
,Not Recommended,304530,34337038,Posted: 18 August,all,[LT3]Barirn,"I would recommend holding off on this game for now. It is still extremely buggy, and needs alot of patching."
,Recommended,304530,34259305,Posted: 15 August,all,armymdic,"It's a fun spriritual successor to the Saint's Row Franchise. Solid graphics, combat mechanics are fun and the writing is clever and funny. If you like the Saint's Row games, then pick this one up. You won't regret it."
76561198035391503,Recommended,304530,34262221,Posted: 15 August,all,lagrie,"Agents of Mayhem.Is a great hero/openworld/shooter/action game.12 heroes - (agents), 13 if you pre ordered.All heroes have allot of skins to unlock. ranging from weapon skins to outfit skins.Cars to unlock or steal, and every car has a skin to unlock.The gameplay is typical SR like. Shoot stuff, collect stuff, hack stuff.Each hero has a set of skills, these skills are ranging from damage over time to high amount of damage.(as you would expect from a hero shooter)Driving has been improved ! its still verry arcady, but the stunts in seoul are awesome.The story so far is hilarious, and the character interaction is really well done.Now what i noticed, is that EVERY hero says something different when they talk in a mission.This looks like allot of voice work to me. And i'm blown away by it.I can understand the repetive factor, but just like in anny SR game, the missions repeat themselves.(just in a different manner).Graphics and artstyle are really well done, i have 60+fps on high, but have 40+ on epic. (980 ti 6gb card).The game runs fine for me, no issues exept for epic settings.This is not a new/inovative game, but it combines openworld with hero shooter and the great writing of volition.And creates this hilarious child. that is his own thing.i can see that this is not for everyone, its a love or hate game.But for me, its just plain fun. (and thats what i wanted).(also there are no microtransactions... i cant find them, i read somwhere there where ingame. But so far none. That i can find at least)Enjoy the game, and go kick legions♥♥♥♥♥!sorry for the bad english."
,Recommended,304530,34346407,Posted: 19 August,all,lilipoo,"I like shooting people. It's a good thing to do. Agents of Mayhem lets me do the shooting.It's Saint's Row in everything but name, and now you also have swapping between teammates like in GTA V. The characters are fun. The combat is more varied than we've gotten before in Saint's Row. There's no licensed music and the city is kind of bland but honestly that doesn't matter. It's still a good time."
,Not Recommended,304530,34338242,Posted: 18 August,all,MadGOD_P17,"the only reason im giving it a no, is the MASSIVE glitch that stops you from doing anything in the middle of a mission, can;t move, shoot, use skills, or even change toon. you have to QUIT game. cuz of that, you lose ALL mission check points"
,Not Recommended,304530,34280112,Posted: 16 August,all,dommiller42,"Some obvious thing that made me refund:Performance sucked. As with so many others I meet or exceed all Recommended specs and had an awful time with game performance. TotalBiscuit did a pretty thorough breakdown of performance and bug issues.Less obvious things:The game's visual design seemed kind of muddy to me. I had a hard time pinpointing exctly where enemies were, and thelittle indicators on the side of the screen do a really poor job of helping in that regard. I know it can work well because Saint's Row IV was able to accomplish this.A lot of jokes fall flat from the very begininning. Also, in terms of first impressions, the game doesn't wow with the first three character choices. The initial squad you work with features the most generic characters they had. I bring this up because had this all been better, maybe I would have stuck with the game. I HOPE Volition fixes these performance issues, but if they don't, I had to stay under two hours to get a refund because the game is unplayable.Vehicle controls still suck- a problem, for me at least, since Saint's Row III.Gun's don't feel very different from each other.This all could get better in the mid to late game. Maybe all my more subjective issues with the game (the game objectivly runs bad, so I don't count that) are smoothed out with character development, upgrades, and time spent with the game, but given how unplayable it is I can't spend any more time with it. Maybe I'll come back Volition, but after you fix your game."
,Not Recommended,304530,34284229,Posted: 16 August,all,[MFS]Wabulialaism,"I gave this game a go. I was not impressed. I expected so much more from those that gave us Saints Row the Third and Saints Row IV. It was at best underwhelming. The funny aspects that swarmed in Saints Row is missing. There is no charisma, no fun and not to mention AUTOAIM! Who the ♥♥♥♥ puts autoaim in a computer game that can't be turned off? Turned it to zero but it was still there.It didn't feel fun at all. Saints Row felt fun the first five minutes I tried it. The characters were interesting from the start. This game didn't. Might pick it up again on sale because shooting stuff is fun, but for now I'll go back to Saints Row if I want to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up with extreme prejudice. Until this comes with a 50% off minimum of the current price then you''re better off getting Gat out of Hell or just replaying Saints Row. It's a shame, because I feel it had potential when I read about the reviews. Maybe I''m a victim of the hype."
76561197990477070,Not Recommended,304530,34342682,Posted: 18 August,all,[BRGL]Brock Chancy,"the game play and levels are a bit repetitve. While extremely pretty it suffers from ""hellgate:london"" syndrome."
76561198055690813,Recommended,304530,34340573,Posted: 18 August,all,stefbuik,"It's no Saints Row. Not very deep, but decent fun 3rd person shooter.It's colourful and -indeed- cartoony with the slightest hit of cell-shading. No grim-dark here.Only negative is the somewhat iffy framerate. Even ona a GTX1080 16GIG I7 5820 PC it dips and feels kinda stuttery on some locations with not a lot of geometry, but with coloured lighting. Weird.Fazit: If You're into many colourful boombooms It's enjoyable .If You're into games for decent story-telling and character building , You'd better look elsewhere.I'm having a ball, but, then again, in shooters I don't give a hoot about ""character building and storylines"""
,Recommended,304530,34260431,Posted: 15 August,all,Brawny,well.. i must say at first i didn't think im gona bought this game..but after a few times of consideration i just did itthe game was pretty well done and by far im enjoy with it this game was ok but.. 50 bucks is just a littlle bit too much better wait for the discount if you wanted to buy this one but personally i would recommended it
76561198124281877,Not Recommended,304530,34771439,Posted: 6 September,all,吉田爽葉香,"This isn't anymore at all like Crackdown series were before neither does it fit to Saints Row series. Performance is great for the game, but for some reason I'm stuck on the games first real mission after tutorial. Mission tells to shoot the in coming enemies but there isn't coming any enemies.4K performance is bad and feels odd since there isn't even many shadows visible really in game world and graphics are just shell shade graphics. - GTX 1080 Ti"
,Not Recommended,304530,34265187,Posted: 15 August,all,Zurv,sadly not very good. The game feels like it fits in with the weakest side missions from SR3/4. Are darn shame. I going to return the game and maybe i'll pick it up in a year or two from a xmas sale when it is a few $... maybe...
76561198113334748,Not Recommended,304530,34270427,Posted: 15 August,all,GoatyGoat,Very fun game but the optimization is TERRIBLE. If you are a low spec gamer and plan to buy this game do your research so that you don't waste your money
,Not Recommended,304530,34376958,Posted: 20 August,all,Pixelica,"Decent game, not worth the price tag, enough said. Just wait for sale if you want it."
,Recommended,304530,34328714,Posted: 18 August,all,Jass5991,"It's a fun game with a bunch of characters that play differently to each other. Some thought is needed when choosing your team loadout in order to cover all bases, which may not be as important at lower difficulty levels but definitely needed at higher levels. The world looks good, but extremely sterile and very unreactive, with barely any reaction from traffic specifically if you start firing your gun.Performance wise, do be warned that it's having issues right now on PC, with even TotalBiscuit reporting of the issues this game has.Despite the shortcomings, it's a really fun game and I have no problem recommending it."
,Recommended,304530,34329326,Posted: 18 August,all,[OP] | Nights,"Insanely fun. There's about five hundred small siggles I have with it, but at the end of the day they keep things cathartic and fluid enough that, much like Saint's Row IV, they're easy to ignore."
,Recommended,304530,34331853,Posted: 18 August,all,Alex,"As a long time Saints Row fan, when I first saw this game I was worried it was going to be Volition's attempt to be a leech on the underbelly of Overwatch's success by making a game that capitalizes on the same themes Overwatch became so successful on. Minus an art style and a font, they are two completely different games - I mean, after all, would you say Wind Waker and Borderlands are the same game?In Agents of Mayhem, long time Volition fans are rewarded with a new experience that they can translate the things they learned from the Saints Row games into, giving them an instant edge and a feeling of familiarity in an unfamiliar environment that feels open and primed for exploration.And yet, this is not a Saints Row game. Although there are familiar faces, a familiar control scheme, and the engine is somewhat reminiscent of the Saints Row IV engine, this game truly stands out by itself, and it feels like the natural progression for Volition as a studio. I don't miss Saints Row, and I don't think they should have made a Saints Row game instead. This game scratches every itch for me that Saints Row scratched, and even a few more that I didn't realize I had.One of my friends mentioned that this game ""controls like a dream"" and I couldn't agree more. From the triple jumping, to the combat, to the satisfying feeling you get when you complete a perfect drift on a corner in a car that you could have sworn you saw in Saints Row 3 minus a much more detailed model and pretty texture.This game is generally just great. Probably going to be my personal game of the year. As a Volition fanboy who has played every game from the original Saints Row up to this game - good job Volition."
,Recommended,304530,34382240,Posted: 20 August,all,K. D. Bones,"Agents of Mayhem is basically what you could expect from a ironic GI Joe video game built on a single player campaign that plays like it's Overwatch. And honestly, it's fairly fun (especially Oni or running a car off the road and watching it just blow the f*ck up). I would not recommend it at 60$ though; you're better off getting that new XCom 2 DLC instead. If you can get it for 30$, get it though."
,Recommended,304530,34320358,Posted: 17 August,all,Vox Chaotica,"If you enjoyed Saints Row IV and Gat Out Of Hell, you will most likely enjoy this as well.Although there are not as many activities to do, this game is more focused on the bombastic story, and progression of the 12+ Agents in your team with RNG loot, customization options, and ability modifiers as rewards for various aspects of the game. There is no co-op or licensed radio either, which are sorely missed and considered a step down from Saints Row IV - traveling throughout the overworld would be enhanced significantly with some sort of radio, so I suggest putting together a playlist for your open-world needs.There are incredible performance issues, and I'm on a GTX 1080 with some of the more intense settings turned down - massive frame drops, texture glitching, scenes suddenly un-load themselves, progression halts because a task won't complete, the game won't shut down properly, all that good stuff. For all intents and purposes this is an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port.That being said, the game is incredibly fun, the story is pretty much standard Saturday Morning Cartoon fare, so purchase this if you want to turn your brain off for some stupid ♥♥♥♥ing fun in a solid 8/10 game - if the devs actually fix the glaring issues the game currently faces."
,Recommended,304530,34260788,Posted: 15 August,all,Amurol,"It's like Overwatch - but with story mode. I'm not sure about elsewhere but here in Malaysia the price was USD 24. For a Saints Row spin-off? Yep, totally worth it.With two hours in, I can kind of see the side missions getting boring. But each character feels different with their skills and abilities. The thrill of unlocking new agents keeps me going, and for now, Rama, Gat and Fortune are my go-to agents. If you're a Saints Row fan (3 & 4 fans, obviously), this is the spiritual successor you're looking for.4/5"
76561197973629136,Recommended,304530,34350104,Posted: 19 August,all,Rogue Operative,"I don't know why the critics hate this game so much. If you're are Saints Row fan like me, you will love this game. It shares 'a' universe with one from Gat out of hell. This game is fun, with lots to do."
76561198292388975,Recommended,304530,34351122,Posted: 19 August,all,Logan_RS,"I admit to going in a little 'apprehensive' of this new franchise, I was expecting SRV and this is what we got, but this bold move may have been for the best. This game is not Saints Row, but what I've seen is a solid new franchise from Volition that values and respects what came before, while trying something new, and it made me fall in love with it."
76561198023430841,Not Recommended,304530,35098700,Posted: 20 September,all,DreamyGhost,Without coop this game just repetitive.come on is 2017 where's the coop and multiplayer.
,Recommended,304530,34384249,Posted: 20 August,all,Night,"To everyone reviewing this game as a ""saints row"" game.....Shut up. Stop, knock it off. ITS NOT SAINTS ROW! The only connection it has to that game is the universe it takes place in and some mentions of a few people and places in it. Despite that, ITs not ♥♥♥♥ing saints row! Enough!Now with that out of the way and now being able to look at it as a game all its own and not a ""saints row game that isnt a saints row game"" Is Agents of Mayhem any good? Basically Yes. Does it have its issues, Yes. every game always will. AoM reminds me a lot of Crackdown. And to be honest, to me it didnt even feel like SAints Row like everyone is saying. Doesnt even play the same. at all. Good or bad remains on perspective but i think its good. Doesnt play badly, in fact its really fun and fast paced. With of course some more than annoying enemies. At higher levels enemies CAN be bullet spongy but not anywhere NEAR levels like The Division. Enemies range from weak to tough and some have shields and armor that you have to get through to deal health damage akin to Mass Effect.The best part of the game is the agents you play as. While some you may hate, others you will love. My personal favorite is Fortune character wise and Sharazarde....umm however you say her name. The Nina girl Kit wise. Each AGent has their own personality and honestly stereotype as well. But even real life people have a stereotype so its not a problem. The ""Villians"" of the game LEGION are actually interesting, even the genereic enemies have different things to say depending on who your active agent is.Voice acting is top notch and in fact i recgonize several voices from Overwatch. The VO for Tracer and DVA i recognized for certain. But each voice actor did an amazing job, from the genereic enmies, to the super villians to your agents and supporting ARK allies.Now for some gameplay. The game is full of things to do and it CAN get repeitive but at least their is ALWAYs something to do. Depending on your perspective the LEGION can actually take back some things you taken from them. (AKA the outpost which in turn they take back RELIC cash drops and GEMLING meetup points. Can get REALLY annoying to constantly do these over and over.) Combat is always intense unless you're fighting one or two enemies at a time. Now the game plays a lot like an action RPG where your agents level up and even have staus effect skills that they can afflict on enemies and they can do the same to you.Also soundtrack is great, each agent has their own ""theme"" music when they activate their Mayhem ability which is cool. But outside comabt (even soemties then) music is almost non existant so that sucks. The world itself is insanely small and thats a shame. Its smaller that any open world game ive played. I suppose it can be a good thing, less travel time to places for tasks or events. There are some things to gather in the game world but not entirly necassary to even search for because of other means of getting these. But if you see them and can reach them easily enough might as well get them.One last thing about the good things in this game. The animation shorts They are superbly done and always enjoyable to see.Now some negatives: The skins for the agents are kinda bland. Some are cool, like Oni has a Joker skin. Yeti has a Hulk skin and Sharazade has a Sub Zero skin. So some cool ones but for the most part they are just recolors NOT SKINS. Skins are changing the characeters main look into something entirly different. The free DLC for the three starting agents are Skins.Money is useless ultimatly. You'll gain it quickly and easily upgrade the Agency upgrades and then its basically pointless to get after that just some legion tech and gremlin tech.Driving, its fun and handles well but you cant shoot from inside any vehicle. So trying to destroy cars for tasks is incredibly difficult and bothersome that i dont even do them anymore. Some vehicles have more damage than others when you ram things but theyre really slow in comparison.There are more postiive and negative things but i cant think of how to say it right not but all in all this game is fun and worth you're time and money if you like open world action rpgs that focus on more than just comedy. (Yes the comdey is there but its not the focus so ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how the comedy is cringworthy Is just dumb. Yes im looking at some of you out there)Defintily worth the buy and for god sake ITS NOT SAINTS ROW! SO STOP COMPARING THE TWO! Might as well compare apples and oranges their both fruit but theyre hardly the ♥♥♥♥ing same are they?"
76561198029274525,Recommended,304530,34379035,Posted: 20 August,all,StudioArkhein,"I'm a big fan of SR II, III, IV, and Gat.  I'm loving Agents too.  Now, to be fair, it's a different kind of game than the others, but the Saints Row games were all different from each other as well - anywhere on the spectrum from GTA to Super Mario Galaxy.  Agents is more like, oh, you know in III when you get into a street battle with the police AND a gang at the same time?  Yeah, it's that - but perfected and coated with a frosting of GI Joe."
76561198042324650,Not Recommended,304530,34369068,Posted: 20 August,all,#BlessEd,"Genuinely not too bad imo, I like the gameplay and a nice variety of playable toons (even if many are not interesting), but for 60$ this game is not worth it, pick it up during a sale, 40% or more off, and then it'd be perfect."
,Recommended,304530,34360268,Posted: 19 August,all,Owl (doing commitions),gg 8/8 m8 (sponcer me)
76561198008822589,Recommended,304530,34270946,Posted: 16 August,all,Vetlon,It's like a Michael Bay movie. Lots of great exploding and action. Terrible plot and dialogue. Love it!
,Recommended,304530,34279986,Posted: 16 August,all,Lyceaos,"ok this gae is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet so far but i gotta complain bout the graphical requierements, they are highter then the settings say they are, maybe they underestimated or something but the fact is it has my pc running like an oven and this baby is loaded wiht fans and has the recomended specs so....yeah just saying there is that but still an amazing game that feels like a brilliant spiritual successor to the SR series, i just hope this doenst mean SR is dead but...if so this definately could fill the void as a franchise."
76561198011388793,Recommended,304530,34265994,Posted: 15 August,all,Fake Taxi,Its friday yuh?
76561198078155251,Recommended,304530,34309710,Posted: 17 August,all,Cruz Gunner,i  really enjoy this game. i love it.
76561198048521068,Recommended,304530,34348371,Posted: 19 August,all,gatereverser,"10+ hours and it's still awesome.  Fun gameplay, cool team management, sharp jokes, what else do you need? You need powerful PC, because optimization is really bad."
,Recommended,304530,34348691,Posted: 19 August,all,Saninsince992,"Very repetitive and lacking the good writing and humor of previous titles like Saints Row 4. Solid gameplay, a big selection of characters and a large amount of things to do and unlock will still make this an enjoyable time for anyone who can deal with repetition for the sake of good gameplay. People that love playing with new characters and gameplay styles will have a lot to tool around with, and those that love hunting for collectibles will have a big amount of hours to put into getting everything.Not for everyone, but a good game - just don't expect anything similar to Saints Row in terms of witty writing and jokes."
,Recommended,304530,34959039,Posted: 14 September,all,Psychoza,Loving it so far! <3
76561198001530298,Recommended,304530,34692174,Posted: 2 September,all,spook,"In a nutshell, it's good. As others have said, AoM feels a great deal like a single-player open world campaign for Overwatch. And that's a good thing! It's fun to play, has solid combat, a bright and colorful ascestic that I enjoy, a cool cast of characters with interesting abilities, and a hilarious, GI Joe-esque presentation.Comparsions with Saints Row are inevitable, if a bit unfair. In that light, AoM is funny, but could be funnier. The amount of banter is a bit low, in my opinion, and there are fewer opportunities afforded for character development. The game makes me laugh outloud less than Saints Row 3 or 4, but it does regularly make me laugh aloud. The characters are not as fantastic as Saints Row, but I've come to really like Friday and Hollywood and friends. The mission variety is notably huge, the open world is fun if a bit repetious, and the animated cut scenes are always great.I do have to note that the game suffers from some medium-level technical difficulties. It's completely playable, but audio problems have forced me thus far to play on headphones exclusively, and I have experienced regular stutters when large numbers of enemies deploy. Nothing game breaking, but the game will need some patching, which I am confident that Volition will provide.Also, Kingpin's Mayhem (ult) is perfect, one of several characters in the cast they just nailed. Having played maybe 20% of what's there, I would buy it again."
76561198101281627,Recommended,304530,34479568,Posted: 25 August,all,北斗有情破颜拳,单人游戏时长还可以，目前有中文补丁。纠结价格的可以等三大妈。
,Recommended,304530,34266380,Posted: 15 August,all,Rufinox,"This game is soooooo good. To me, this game is so much more fun then the saints row games. But, In this game i did find very rarely, pedetrians in a T-Pose, if i bumped into them, then they would fall over and be waring a helmet onj their head, then stand back up into a T-Pose without the helmet. I think some of the pedestrian cosmetics are a little broken, just pointing that out so Volition know. Other then that. I could plaay this game for hours and hours and not get bored."
76561198270951309,Recommended,304530,34267639,Posted: 15 August,all,JohnnyDog,"I am really enjoying this game. The mechanics are polished and clean, the graphics and animations are awesome, and most importantly, it is a genuinely fun game. All of the agents are so unique as well. Agents of mayhem is just an all around great game in my opinion, and I can't wait to hop back in and play some more!"
76561198086047337,Recommended,304530,34266346,Posted: 15 August,all,Baelmung,"Fun game in a swarm of games that don't feel fun. I am a huge fan of SR games and the studio made another great game imo. It is not Saints Row, but i wasnt expecting it to be. I will easily get 50-60 hours in this game, which makes it worth its price. I look forward to finishing the game and future dlc."
76561198003287063,Recommended,304530,34268406,Posted: 15 August,all,Shameless,"My review is i am fraking enjoying it so thanks for making it, hope it turns into many more games like this, hope you add to the story with DLC and maybe some new characters, and i hope you make a saints row 5, i love the humor, i feel like i am watching and playing a gi joe game with superheros, like good ole real cartoons... graphics are good, not the best but enjoyable, thats my review but i am old gamer been playing video games since pong! if you enjoy the humor and style then i would recommened buying it"
76561198071045856,Recommended,304530,34426545,Posted: 22 August,all,VxTECKx262,"Absolutely love this game!!! I was a bit skepital at first as I am a huge Saints Row fan, but this game is awesome!!!!"
76561198126888357,Recommended,304530,34268778,Posted: 15 August,all,Paradox1680,Good relaxing fun.
76561198040163102,Recommended,304530,34361417,Posted: 19 August,all,Murderlin,"Probably one of the most fun games I've played, it's just plain fun. Nothing else to worry about but just enjoying yourself"
,Recommended,304530,34299454,Posted: 16 August,all,Raven,"Saints Row/Sunset Overdrive and Crackdown's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Child?==Warning==Spoiler==Alert==Possible== (Honestly this game came out yesterday so everything is going to be a spoiler alert basically, so read at your own caution)First let me say that I actually am enjoying this game quite a bit and don't see myself currently stop playing, but that doesn't mean it doesn't have its issues.  Now I'm not saying that Volition didn't create a good game, but all I keep seeing when I play this game is Reused Saints Row stuff all that way back to Saints Row 3 mainly, We all know that KINGPIN is Pierce Washington (Same Voice actor, Pretty sure and that his bios actually says that he is ""Pierce Washington"" and is from Stilwater) from the Saints Row games and of course Johnny Gat which any game that has a hint of saints row has to have Gat in it somewhere.  And I'm not saying that it is a bad thing to include these two iconic characters in this game.  However if you have played enought saints row, its pretty easy to tell that all the cars in Quatermile's Garage are all named after cars in Saints Row (While having different looks, it feels kind of lazy).  I know that its cheaper for companies to reuse assets and such for games to keep producation cost down, but it feels like Agents of Mayhem is trying to shove as much saints row ""nostalgia"" down our throats.The reason I say that this game is possible ""Saints row/Sunset Overdrive and Crackdown's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child"", because it combines the elements of Saints Row (and Sunset Overdrive - mainly the ridiculous parkouring) (the comedy and excessive violence) and combines it with the more soldier in an organization trying to save the world in Crackdown.  Honestly it kinda fails at both, The leader of Agents of Mayhem is Persephone Brimstone, for lieutenant of L.E.G.I.O.N., but thats really all is known, I get that making her mysterious adds to her character, but honestly I keep asking, why did she defect?, What is her reason for creating Mayhem?, and How did she even start Mayhem?, the questions just keep going.  The story of this game is full of more and more holes the longer you play.Artisticly / CharactersI wish they didn't spend as much time on making honestly ugly and silly comic book skins for the Agents and spent more time on the story and honesty better skins, like Oni would have been awsome to see a classic yakuza look insead of the forced Joker looking skin.  Scheherazade is a Middle Eastern assassin that is dressed in more Ninja looking garbs (more japanese than middle eastern, it would have been better to keep her outfit in her intro clip or even have a hybrid of the two, but it doesn't make too much sense to me to have her wearing japanese cloths.  As for Jonny Gat I don't know why they decided to give him a shotgun, when dual pistols would have been more appropriate for him, and have is Mayhem ability be going crazy with his Knives (everyone knows GAT likes a good knife!)All in all I would recommend this game, but if the $60 dollar price tag isn't what you are ideally wanting to pay, then I say wait, your not missing out on anything too special, except GAT, which is bastically just Hardtack."
,Recommended,304530,34261001,Posted: 15 August,all,AngryAlexShow,The game is pretty fun. I'm enjoying so far. It's fun to jump around and shoot bows at legion when you play as Rama. I might have a updated review when I'm able to have a detailed review ready after many hours of gameplay.
76561197991242723,Not Recommended,304530,34873639,Posted: 10 September,all,gooseVPC,"This is a sad review for me to write. I LOVED all of the Saints Row Games so I had no reason not to have some faith in Violition for making another fun, goofy game. While the idea of it is really cool, 12 different characters to choose from all with there own weapons and speical, swap them on the fly and kill a bunch of bad dudes. Now the mission for the characters a pretty fun, but like alot of people are saying which is true is that is gets boring very fast. There just really isnt much to do in the game. It really is just a go to this thing, kill everyone and go on to the next thing. Why from coming off of Saints Row where they had a lot of different activites, do they force you to do the same thing over and over again. I have 12.7 hours into the game and about 4 of them are from afk. This is a very boring game, and it really does pain me to say this. Also the optimisation for this game is just straight unacceptable. Also it has been a month and things are still they way they were at launch. This is not your first go around on PC guys. I do not see myself EVER picking this game back up. Now I am not about to swear off Violition, but I will really be taking what they do with a grain of salt from here on out."
76561198313975841,Not Recommended,304530,34879426,Posted: 11 September,all,sakethvarma,It gets boring after some time.
76561198312149684,Recommended,304530,34260743,Posted: 15 August,all,BigEffinZed,"I feel like people are giving this game bad review based off the wrong impression.this game is not an open world game, sure it looks like it,  but it's notthere no reason to interact with the pedestrians, they're just there to fade into the backgroundit's not GTA, or far cry, people in reviews complain this game world is ""lifeless"", that's not really the pointit's not that type of game that encourage you to explore and ""smell the flowers""the big map is really just one big level, you're not there to stay and explore, you're there to do the mission and get outyou don't wanna stay there (I'll explain below)the best way to describe it is Shadow Warrior 2, you have a hub where you get weapon, upgrades and such, you go the map (which is Seoul) do your mission and get out, does that sound like GTA to you ?if you played that game u know what I'm talking aboutnow I wanna talk about the gameplay, which is the strong points of this game.third person shooting mechanics is good as ever you'll be familiar if you played other Volition gamesthis game is quite challenging, which I like,you have to remember what each agents special ability are , because you can only take three of them on a mission at a time, so a bit of planning is required.and here is the twist: if one of your agents is downed in combat, you can't just magically revive him, you have to find a special health item to revive, they're pretty rare from what I've played so far. other than finding that item the only way to revive is go back to hub area, which ends the mission btw, that's why you don't wanna stay in the map,sure , you can explore, but this mechanic makes you think twice before starting havoc and triggering the wanted systemyou won't be shooting hundreds of stupid grunts casually like Dynasty Warrior, but you can, if you're good at itthe point is it takes a bit of skill to be good, it's not a walk in the park,I'm playing only on the third difficulty and I've been downed a few times, you really have to keep a look out on the health bar, quickly switch to another agent before he's downthat my thoughts so far. performance is acceptable, I'm running gtx1080"
76561197993205219,Recommended,304530,34317841,Posted: 17 August,all,Mauldrich,"It's a hog of a game.  Have decent rig with a 6850k i7 and a GTX-1080ti and have to play on medium settings.  But game is very cool.  CPU will sit about 10-30% and Memory will level out around 4-5GB being used.  Try high settings and it goes to stuttering so bad, you have to restart the game.I changed my review due to a hardware problem that turned out to be my freezing problem.Still getting into the game.  So far, so good.  It could use some tuning though"
76561198108564241,Recommended,304530,34387182,Posted: 20 August,all,Hildjagrr,"SR4 meets Crackdown.This games is a lot like SR4 or even Gat out of Hell mixed in with a similar play style of Crackdown. Similar silly/parody humor that the Saints Row series is known for, seems to be 'hit or miss' for some tho.I keep seeing reviews of people trying to compare this game to OverWatch because of the 'heroes' and the art style, or they make the statement that this game isnt worth the 60$. Perhaps its not worth the 60$ but they appearantly forget this is essentially a console game. Just about every game you buy is around the 60$ price point, especially console titles.Graphically, plays well, there are a few hiccups ounce in a while as tho there were some kind of loading bug, Ark menu loading lag for one (-9 fps). People and cars do pop-up from a distance that more noticable than other game like GTA or Just Cause 3. Building graphics and explosion effects are top notch, there can be complete chaos on screen."
76561197978168360,Recommended,304530,34674917,Posted: 1 September,all,Squatch,"I love this game. It is not your average shooter, with severe range restrictions that make you consider who you bring to a given mission. I like the characters, their interactions with one another, and with the npcs. The combat is fun if a bit hectic at times, and even on a machine like mine, it runs well enough that I don't often feel like I need to improve my setup to play this. The myriad of missions available to complete give you a lot of things to do at any given time, and each character gives you a reason to play them. Not everything is perfect, but it is worth the money."
,Recommended,304530,34354726,Posted: 19 August,all,barwnKesteven,"I'm marginally recommending but I wish there was a neutral option. I've typically enjoyed Volition's work but AOM, I just don't know. While the gameplay/combat itself is fun - the bits in between that should hold the whole thing together just seem like they're missing.TL;DR: Single player Overwatch that's more or less fun but is missing its soul.The map is just....meh. Sure, real-world Seoul has some flattish patches and Volition has thrown mountains into the distance but the area you run/drive around in is flat. I mean F-L-A-T. There are tall buildings to climb and triple jump up and while that gives verticality, the base of the world makes the whole thing feel like a set or stage. There's almost zero real-world architecture to anchor the city so, for me, the whole thing comes off feeling like some awful amusement park made of shiny plastic.This is coupled with a notable lack of population. People will pop up as you walk around or in areas that you have a mission but generally, for having so many super tall structures, this Seoul is apparently a ghost town. And where are the cars? I mean, why on earth would this city have so many roads if a traffic jam consists of, I dunno, five vehicles? (Most of those seem to be roving billboards that are advertising to the three people on the sidewalk lol.)So...you've got flat and dead. Oh, and don't get me started on the Ark. That thing feels like an oversized Apple store with about as much character as...an oversized Apple store.The story - as much as there is one - is fine. Nothing spectacular but not awful. I like the characters; so far I seem to be playing with Gat (which I think is a pre-order bonus) and Hollywood. The dialog isn't as bad as I thought it'd be from published reviews. There are lots of customization options, etc.If all that sounds negative, I'm overlooking all of this and continuing to play because the act of blowing things up and taking out bad guys is enjoyable. I like the combat and the ability to swap out heroes on the fly - and I love the triple jump.I wish though there was something there to make me feel more invested in the world. That could have been some kind of base I (visibly) affected or a much deeper story or any number of things. Instead, we have what feels like single player Overwatch. Its good enough to buy (though I'd say maybe buy it on sale unless you're a huge fan of this universe) but I can't say it is good enough to play in long sessions. I typically run one or two missions (20 minutes each maybe?) and then put down the controller.It isn't bad but its not that great either. That makes me kind of sad."
,Recommended,304530,34261928,Posted: 15 August,all,Rich,"I like the game as it is right now, hopefully the devs will add more feature in the future so it can really worth the money we paid for the game.the gameplay does feel like destiny and a little bit of borderlands on it.as for now the game has performance issues, hard to reach 60FPS even with high end PC's, I use 970's STI and still has 35-50fps overall sometimes it goes below 30's but it isn't a big of an issue which I am pretty sure they will fix anytime soon.would also be great to see co-op !"
,Recommended,304530,34266029,Posted: 15 August,all,Goutz,"Short description for this game ""Kill'em all""Playing for fun don't take it serious.Watch my gameplay athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PK41FZd39ZE"
,Recommended,304530,34266044,Posted: 15 August,all,TheBowelsOfTrogdor,"Not since Undertale have I seen such amazing fourth-wall breaking.In the tutorial level you see this thing called an 'Evil Ball.' After you shoot it, it starts going completely unstable, and it causes the game to crash.I spent the next several minutes with my jaw dropped at the sheer genius of it all.It brings a whole new meaning to 'It's not a bug; it's a feature.'And this happened within the first two minutes of gameplay, during the tutorial! I can't WAIT to see what the rest of the game offers!"
,Recommended,304530,34266125,Posted: 15 August,all,Nitz マイスター,no regrets
76561198370857769,Recommended,304530,34847951,Posted: 9 September,all,Twenty Seven,This Game is Really Well Put Together And what i was looking for
76561198016621824,Recommended,304530,34267561,Posted: 15 August,all,e E s т h e т e,"U know... this game hav no♥♥♥♥♥♥i lov in da SR games like coop and hugeass customize, but.. i dont feel like something is missing here.. this 1 is just different u know and i rather came by play'n dat game.. its like i got my hands cut off but i hav fricking cybernetic 1ns in return. Sooo difenetly bump 4 this 1 as 4 m."
76561197964846496,Recommended,304530,34268039,Posted: 15 August,all,Andrinor,Enjoyable so far and no issues.
,Recommended,304530,34263220,Posted: 15 August,all,liwerlir,not saints row but fan in his own way
76561198128891413,Recommended,304530,34468831,Posted: 24 August,all,manyshot911,I absolutely enjoyed this well made game. I found the story quite fascinating and well connected ( both the main story and each character story ). Each character had his own personality and playstyle. I enjoyed the ending as it gave me something to look forward to the continuation of the game. Also i found the difficulty scaling system quite unique and a prety good add to the game as at the begining you could start at an easier level and slowly take it up to the hardest level for greater rewards and also making the fights from the begining to the end really enjoyable. The only thing i didnt like was the gremlin meet up point as i didnt find any use of them. Maybe i didnt understand their purpose.
76561198077261019,Recommended,304530,34440750,Posted: 23 August,all,gigglephysix,"Trying not to read everyone elses's reviews. Anyway AoM is kind of lovely and fun, as long as as the campaign - or more precisely the non-reused/non-generic parts of it - lasts.Problems: the sandbox missions are Edge of Tomorrow inspired, by which i mean repetitive, customisation/garage is an intentionally nihilistic pointless prayer to RNGesus, the city is entirely, front tail out, MMO type generic. Plus it's buggy, i had CONTROLS drop. Twice. Plus the vehicle part is a clear downgrade from Saints.This hurts, because the cheesy but consistent GI Joe action setting imo is is massively for the win, combat is enjoyable and awesome and so many things are done right.I will not vote it down because of the good things and the immense potential - and the fact that the bad things are oversights and do not have a clear, single, intentional source, e.g. Korean social engineering design ethos or letting activist shareholders design the game like Deus Ex ultimately did. If it was, i would vote it down in a sec. Now i will grudgingly give a positive review.Buying this is a gamble, just like its vehicle blueprint parts and skins. It entirely depends on a major patch/expansion to fix what's wrong."
,Not Recommended,304530,34277684,Posted: 16 August,all,AngryRob,"Wow! thats some serious stuff!Lets begin with the technical issues of this 'AAA-Game' which has been sold for 60.-My rack:- I7 6800k- 32gb ram- Asus GTX1080TiThere are MASSIVE framedrops in the game which makes it clearly unplayable. With my setup I can clearly play everything on ultra with no issues at all. The game runs pretty smooth on 80fps but too many times there are drops to 10fps. WHY???? The funny thing is that during the framedrops strange things do happen, like cars blowing up out of nowhere almost killing you ..I really tried to like the game. I spent 3hours playing it and trying to find some positive aspects but there arent many of em.Thats the main reason why I requested a refund. The game as it is now its not playable.Pros:- great character design (depending on playstyle you can do some fun combinations)- verticality of Seoul- Voice Sync and Dialogs are trashy and fun like in an 80's action flick- the music is fun- at the moment only Seoul is playable but there is hope for more cities and heroes to come- Mayhem moves are pretty intense- leveling chars and developing them to your taste is great- native 21:9 supportCons (not listing everything):- technically NOT ready for a release. GAMEBREAKER!!!!!!- autoaim cant be disabled (who needs skills anyway, right?)- soundeffects suck- city is lifeless and empty- missions are repetitive- 60 BUCKS for an unfinished game?! you gotta be kiddin'...I was a big fan of saints row.. but this release is offensive to every fan of 3rd person open world shooters."
,Recommended,304530,34262513,Posted: 15 August,all,Kwtg95,"This is NOT a game review this is a PERFORMANCE review and how the game runs at 2560x1080p which is an Ultrawide monitor. So first of the game does support Ultrawide fairly well the in game screen space shows more on the sides of the screen. But the in engine cutscenes are windowboxed but are dynamic and the devs should give you the ability to turn these off so the in engine cutscenes will fill the entire screen. Also the hud is stuck to 16by9 but for me It does not really bothered me whether the huds is spanned across the screen, or stuck to the 16by9 aspect ratio. Oh and the most of the menus are also stuck to 16by9. So in terms of performance the game on, The Ultra preset no gpus right now can run it at a solid 60fps because of Nvidia PCSS Plus and Nvidia NSFT. So if you are running the game on a Nvidia card and you were wondering why the framerate in some areas is so bad even on a 1080 ti. It is these shadows. So if you want much better performance from the game make sure the setting Sun Shadows is turned to normal. As no single gpu right now can run either PCSS Plus or Nvidia NSFT at a solid 60fps. Devs need to further optimized these settings or remove them. Or at least have them removed form the Ultra preset."
,Not Recommended,304530,34265550,Posted: 15 August,all,Fred Casden,"The game play mechanics are fine, and I have no issues with the over the top nature of it (It's what I liked about SR 3, IV and Gat out of Hell)... the real issues are the poor optimization as well lack of visual setting adjustments that would allow players to adjust the game to their respective hardware configurations to compensate for bad optimization.If we're given more options to better adjust the game without using a mod, then I'll happily update this review."
,Recommended,304530,34272626,Posted: 16 August,all,Naji,Honestly it's fun and I like it.
76561197971021390,Not Recommended,304530,34283605,Posted: 16 August,all,JoPOWz,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I am one of the few who enjoyed SR3 and SR4. The lack of coop in a game so perfectly designed for coop was a downer, but I picked it up anyway.It seems like this game has not had anywhere near enough testing. On an NVidia GTX1070 with an i5 6600, 16GB of RAM, it runs like a pile of steaming crud. Stuttering and freezes as others have mentioned, audio that stops then speeds up to catch up, hotkeys that randomly stop working (I spent 20 minutes unable to call in my vehicle. Figured it was destroyed but then crashed an NPC vehicle into it just sitting in the street, totally driveable).Put that on top of game-breaking issues, of which I had 2 in 2 hours, and I've unfortunately requested a refund. I had a mission completely unable to complete (a vehicle to destroy but guarded by vehicles that knocked me off the road constantly and moving faster than I could without the pitifully slow to charge boost - I ended up unable to complete it on the first run, but on the second run the vehicle was moving at a snails pace and unguarded). And then I cleared an outpost only to find I was totally unable to interact with it to ""clear it"" or complete the side mission.I liked the characters, I enjoyed the gameplay style and the humour (whilst mostly lacking) was OK. But unless they can get this fixed and working properly, I wouldn't recommend it be picked up for anything more than Sale price."
76561198037437943,Recommended,304530,34301449,Posted: 17 August,all,TheyCallMeJohnWick,Love it
,Not Recommended,304530,34276079,Posted: 16 August,all,OneBananaTooFar,"I don't understand whats fun about this game, the shooting mechanics go from shoot away to wait for a cool down to do some dumb ability to kill more sponge enemies, there's no reward for skill, you can't even try introducing some skill as you can't disable aim assist. The characters all seem different but they all play the same really, shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ walk around and wait for cool downs to come back up and repeat.there's some form of ""Fun"" when it comes to collecting shards around the tightly well made maps to upgrade your characters. but it all falls apart when you realize that all you really end up doing is jumping 3 times and then dashing in air, changing to another hero to climb a wall in some places and continue. it doesn't help that these upgrade points aren't really going to do anything for you either.I was hoping for a fun game in which Violition had created a world in which us players could roam free in an insane world blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and have fun, leaving a stroke of mayhem in our path but the game already left a ♥♥♥♥ing stroke all over itself.In my honest opinion, if you would want a barebones shooter with cooldowns to pop every now and then go for it, it's got some great audio and music, the artstyle and environments go hand in hand with eachother, and what the writing might lack in some areas it makes up for itself in these colorful characters that seem alive."
76561198030945710,Recommended,304530,34261759,Posted: 15 August,all,SHREDDER,very good !I played about an hour so far. It has lot of action and it is fun! Also amazing graphics with evrything maxed on my ryzen 1700 16 gb 3200 mhz gtx 970 1440p!   Ι didnt chek fps with fraps i just put evryrhing maxed 1440p and started playing and there is no any slowdown or lag but that to be expected with such strong pc. I dont care if it runs 60 50 or 40 fps. As long as it dont lag or crash(which means as long as it works ato 30+ fps) it is ok. Dont listen to those who isntead of playing the game are counting fps !
,Recommended,304530,34318090,Posted: 17 August,all,Kazuin,This game is a great game! Bear in mind I havn't completed the game yetI write this review now becauseI enjoy this gameI can play it for hoursPreordered this game! I would say its well worth the price!Despite the amount of the same enemies you have to killIt feels the same.But if you enjoyed Saints row IV as I didYou'll play this for hoursMy goal is to put 200+ Hours into thisSeems impossibleBut its possible!Only problem is I have to play at 720p cri...And that kills the experience for me!I hope the volition looks into optimizationOverall great game! :)Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-- My favorite Character is Oni
76561197995426492,Recommended,304530,34521772,Posted: 26 August,all,Columbo,"Agents of Mayhem is a fun game with lots of personality in its large cast of playable and support characters. If you have played the Saints Row games made by Volition, the developer for AoM, the general feel and gameplay is very similar. The different agents (13 if you include Johnny Gat) are all very fun and there is ample unique dialogue for every character if you want to replay with specific characters.The large variety of agents lets you choose the kind of abilities, specialties, and playstyle you like but the game can become very boring with repetitive objective types and very similar dungeons. Outside of the main story missions, there are a few core types of objectives you can do in missions, objectives that are also available as standalone repopulating encounters around the world. These objectives can become very repetitive. The difficulty at the high end also feels skewed towards playing with an emphasis on greater mobility, as enemy HP pools grow and your ability to take hits does not scale anywhere close, even for maxed out level 40 characters. The game feels a little light on things to do outside of the story. You basically need to find your own fun. Compared to Saints Row, the minigames/activities feel a bit sparse and easy, and the vehicles you can use get a bit bland. I enjoyed the animations and cutscenes a lot, as they really help make the game fun and memorable, but after playing through story missions with characters I like as the active character to get their dialogue I don’t find the game very replayable.I enjoyed playing a game that felt like a cross between a Saturday morning cartoon and a crossover comic. I think I ended up enjoying the character intro cinematics much more than the grindy samey missions they complimented. Being able to traverse the world right out of the gate without needing to collect powerups, and upgrade the characters you like and play often very quickly made the game fun to get into. I’ll be looking forward to the episodic content that comes out for this series, but I think at this point I will be anticipating the comics and characters more so than the extra gameplay."
,Recommended,304530,34261104,Posted: 15 August,all,UmutTheMuz,Well liked so far but it constantly drops fps with i3 6100 and RX 470 + 8GB ramPeople didn't like review because i said i liked the game lol
76561198064946653,Not Recommended,304530,34265291,Posted: 15 August,all,BEEVA,personally i feel like the game breaks of up the flow of the game to much like stoping you form shooting and this really stail and boaring if you like games like sunset overdrive and infomus then you might not like this but the game is overall well put to gether
,Recommended,304530,34448799,Posted: 23 August,all,PogoFish,"It's a different kind of openworld game. It's more focused on the shooting and missions than the world itself, for example the outposts you take over are taken back by the villians periodically so that you can do them again later. Doomsday weapons also appear in the world every so often so there's always something to shoot at even if there's no enemies around. This goes well with the focus on shooting and even platforming that keep the fights fun and intense.The whole G.I. Joe feel to it makes it stand out from other games and keeps the setting fun, and I know that not everyone likes the humour but I personally found it quite funny.Potential GOTY for me."
76561198107311515,Recommended,304530,35251702,Posted: 27 September,all,omed_86,"I really like this game!It is not perfect, but I really enjoyed it and continue to enjoy. It is one of those games I call ""A chill game"" as I can just sit and enjoy the game to relief some stress, gather my mind together or listen to a podcast...etc. Because the mechanics feel so fluid and satisfying!So why am I saying it is not perfect? Well I think certain aspects could have been handeled better, such as the side activities and how the world feels in general, having almost no interaction with people in Seol.Side activities are done in such a way that they run endlessly, sort of like Skyrim radiant quests, which is nice! But I would have liked something to feel permenant and have effect on the city. Sort of how you could buy and upgrade cribs in Saints Row 3.Either than that, the game has a lot to love about:- 12 Main agents, all unique in design, skills and from diverse backgrounds. You're bound to find one or two you like.- Combat mechanics are very solid and feel very good! With a lot of options and play styles, as well as mixing and matching with different squad members.- On foot traversal is one of the things I like most in this game! With tripple jumps, air dashes and wall runs, my cars get only a little use XD- Beautiful city to explore! Volition did a fantastic job.- The usual Volition humor and goofiness.- I really like the art style, characters are nicely sculpted and how their personality shows through their animation sets.Caution: At the time of typing this review 9/28/2017, the games has a problem with latest AMD drivers, that some visual effects are missing. But Volition said AMD are working on it. I will update once the issue has been resolved."
,Recommended,304530,34268848,Posted: 15 August,all,Chris Redfield,A lot of fun and runs extremely well!
76561198036248583,Recommended,304530,34266493,Posted: 15 August,all,Twan Dollaz,"Very enjoyable game, also one of the few triple A open world titles to come out in a long time that is just plain fun. Characters are unique  and likable for the most part (some of the voice acting is kinda cringey) game runs fine, and missions take on that ""just one more and then i'm done"" approach. If you're into games that are meant to be enjoyed for FUN and want some mindless entertainment definitely worth checking out. ( by the way  I own every saints row game and have failed to complete any because I've found them boring so this is really saying something)"
,Recommended,304530,34266010,Posted: 15 August,all,taishi_tetora,because Gat is here. . .Gat /10
,Recommended,304530,34266109,Posted: 15 August,all,og gangster,15 dollars is a good price for this game
,Recommended,304530,34261709,Posted: 15 August,all,Get Schwifty,This Game Is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awsome
,Recommended,304530,34299275,Posted: 16 August,all,Lord Ichthys,"As everyone should know, this is not a Saints Row game but a spinoff.  It appears, specifically, that it's the same universe as Saints Row but without the Saints themselves, which apparently resulted in super villians taking over the world.  Worth checking out."
,Recommended,304530,34506120,Posted: 26 August,all,chriscasghost,After Reading the Reviews and videos on this game i was un sure to buy it but a big fan off saints rowand even if this game does not follow after SR4 or gat out of hell it is still a master of a game and i like there new ip appyes this game is like Borderlands then what others were saying some times with the big health bars and the way you shoot but i still belive this is better then GTA if they add more to the DLConly prosis yes there is game breaking bugs (its the part of saints row what you think was gonna be)some times the players get annyoing but you can swap after 30mins of playyou do need a good system due to DRM i heardsome missions like out posts make you play over and over again if you choose to but not important to meso i Rate thsi 7/10 game will change it to 8 if the DLC will be good :)Ghost
,Not Recommended,304530,34276743,Posted: 16 August,all,Mr. Flamboyant Chimp,"if you like silly comedy its a fun game, no its not saints row so stop expecting it to be, not optimized at ALL and does not worth your money at its current state BUT if its fixed then i'd say buy it if you enjoy such type of games ""like me"" or wait for a discount if you just wanna give it a shotsimply: good concept, runs badly, doesn't worth the money ""for now"""
,Recommended,304530,34423479,Posted: 22 August,all,You're My Bububu,All i see in the game is pitch black. but other games in my laptop works very well
76561197999881555,Recommended,304530,35244995,Posted: 27 September,all,Lord Xtheth,"This game is fairly fun, but in small doses. You can hop in, kill a bunch of bad guys, run a few missions and pop out really easily. Want 10 minutes of fun Badassery? Turn it on, set things to level 1 or 2 difficulty and waste time before work. Want hard core 3rd person shooting, turn things up as high as you want!The down side to things is missions get very repetitive. You can play for about 20 minutes and start seeing the same hand full of missions over and over again. It's good for endless content however it gets really dull and uninteresting.As far as the world goes. It's a nice looking open world with beautiful buildings, most of which can be climbed easily, the rest can be climbed with varrying levels of difficulty. When you get high enough you find things still under construction like the whole city is a living thing that can only get bigger.I do wish there was a little bit more Saint's Row in this game though.Here's the thing. There could be so much more that the developers already know how to do.There's a small fleet of vehicles your agents can use. Each one has a set number of paint jobs to put on them and that's it. In Saints Row you could steal any car you wanted and give it any paint job you wanted with any rims, tires, trim, seats etc.Each hero has a weapon... and that's it. It would have been nice to have the option to swap things out every now and again. Maybe trade my minigun for a rocket launcher, or trade my katanas for billy clubs, but you can't. The most you can do is change the color of your gun in ways that sometimes you can't even tell changed anything (Especially when it comes to the Katanas).In Saints Row you could get your own hideout, and you could customize it, giving it the look and feel you wanted with use of money, on top of that you could get more than one place and deck them all out any way you chose. Here you get one base, and even though you get to pump money in to it, making things better, it never changes through the whole game.There's no grapple or human shield option here, when it's been a mainstay in SR for all of it's games. I'd love to block other people's bullets with a fully armored guy, and save my shields one or two hits.This game could be so much more, and that's just with those few examples of what they already know how to do.All in all, this is a fun game. I pull it out for an hour or 2 every day and have fun while playing it.After their big bug fix patch things got a lot smoother and easier to handle.I'd give this game a 7/10.Fun, worth it's cost, good game, but with a lot of room for improvement."
,Recommended,304530,34500438,Posted: 26 August,all,S'ir P-i'smwn Kle [Sky Spawn #1],"TL:DR: Game is fun, buy it on sale guaranteed. It's got potential, it's got charm, but it ain't saints row.  (sucks I have to throw that in)It's like a fun mix of the character shooters or moba style characters but put into an open world saints row esque game. Sandbox looks nice but is overall a bit vanilla.I've been playing this game for awhile, i'm genuinly liking it the more I play. For whatever reason volition made the start pretty lame, you get 2 of the worst characters (in my opinion) and hollywood who is supbar as your first 3 agents. This is like starting off with the makarov in S.T.A.L.K.E.R because you start off with the lamest and least interesting possible thing to get through quite a bit of content.After you unlock all the other characters though, ho man it's honestly a fun time. Just moving around the city with the triple jump and smooth♥♥♥♥♥cars feels very nice, all the characters play pretty neat and feel very different.Here's some issues and complaints I have though:Game has been horribly freezing alot randomly and just running like♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I mean I can take it for whatever reason, the game sort of tunes me out so yeah it's like a huge halt but i'm insane. No one else should be thinking this.)Civilians and non agency cars are just sort of their, honestly they don't really do anything special or say anything worthwhile. (also fun fact none of the people speak korean, despite the game being set in korea.) Yeah it's something small and stupid but it would be nice to have the occasional person acknowledge me for saving the city 500 goddamn times. (or the amount of pedestrians I run down while driving)Enemies could use alot of work, faceless grunts just aren't really doing it for me, saints row did it alot better by at least giving the gangs some  fun looks and outfits. But in this game everyone is just a cobra grunt, they're easy to just mow down and kill though and they actually do say fun things about your guys so that's cool i suppose.This game has potential to be a great time, don't buy it for 60 unless you plan on supporting volition though. Honestly while it is fun, and i'm getting a good time out of it asking 60 dollars for this game just feels off. 40 would have felt a bit better just because this feels like the first game that could have a great sequel or dlc.Last complaint is the crafting system, and this is a dumb one because I didn't think about this until reading other reviews. Why does it need to exist? Crafting materials are so plentiful and easy to get, why exactly do we need them when money could just do the same thing without needing to put resources into making a generic crafting system. It's just kinda seems tacked on for no reason.Volition if you see this, you guys did good here. I'd totally buy a sequel if you guys put the proper time into it and made it bigger and better, this has potential and for a first try on making a new Ip (admitedly its basically just a saints row skin missing the saints) Keep fixing this up and add some dlc and you've got a good thing going."
,Recommended,304530,34449359,Posted: 23 August,all,OutlawBlade49,"The story is decent and easy to understand what's going on, each character are very unique, easy to play and a few are fun to play (but that's my opinion on that last one), driving with variety of cars within the game is fun except when crashing into loads of cars like nearly all the time and the frames drop from time to time so makes it slightly difficult to know where your driving at the time but still fun though.Not really keen on the MULTIPLAYER if you call it that not really much to do other than completing contracts to win money/material all the time.The only BIG BAD POINT which everyone is saying in their reviews and I did mention while writing this review is the fact you lose frames almost 50% - 80% of the time but ignoring that I still think the game is good and worth playing if you don't mind the frames dropping every now and then but if you do just wait for the update IF their do decide to fix it."
76561198011270411,Recommended,304530,34266888,Posted: 15 August,all,SiFi,"Crackdown on Crack, AoM brings the humor you expect from the Saints Row series with the exploration and gameplay from Crackdown.Suprisingly deep with character loadouts and gameplay, you always find a reason to change things up and bring out one of the dozen characters you can play as. All of them have value and various strengths and weaknesses. All that adds up to a fun gameplay experiance.Exploration is handled fairly well. Traveling the city is easy enough, and there is a lot of verticality in the world. Agents also climb the structures well, some doing better then others, so seeing the city landscape from a high building is very possible.For collection junkies, this game has all you could want. Crystal Shards to collect that grant strong buffs to characters and hidden cashes of goodies found in chests that are scattered around the world.Performance is a hit and miss, Im using a 1060 and at max settings my PC chugs at around 30 FPS and dips to the 20s when things get hecktick. However turning off some options and toneing some others down a little, and I get a solid 60.Where the game really sufferes is the lack of mulitplayer. A real Co-Op would have been absolutly amazing in this game, and its absence is felt. While the games single player is quite enjoyable, the structure of progression leaves you thinking ""What if there was Co-Op"" far too often.Overall I give this a 7/10. I knew what I was getting into, and I enjoy this game completly, dispite some of the minor issues present."
,Recommended,304530,34265002,Posted: 15 August,all,Jak Shim,"Pretty good, thought it was quite slow before I realised that sprinting increases jump airspeed."
76561197989777519,Recommended,304530,34272636,Posted: 16 August,all,Mituki,Excellent game. These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ downvoters are smoking crack
76561198005999035,Recommended,304530,34259673,Posted: 15 August,all,pINKprotege,"Much improved gunplay, fluid movement, hilarious characters, beautiful map, much mayhem!!Will be updating this review as I play more, but right now I can say I'm satisfied."
76561198032693917,Not Recommended,304530,34266176,Posted: 15 August,all,Jestre,"Game does not start. AMD Phenom users beware. It's No Mans Sky all over again. Instruction sets below sse4.1 not supported. If you think your older cpu will run this check the intruction set and be sure, cause its not about power its about what the devs felt like supporting. Unlike NMS, Volition does not seem to be planning to patch this as of now. It should be pointed out that NMS was patched same day by a team a fraction of the size of Volition.Will change review if fixed."
76561198283106377,Recommended,304530,34563295,Posted: 28 August,all,ArjabRoy,"This game is an absolute time killer, if someone wants pure entertainment & wants to play with lots of freedom go for it.Other than that nothing much to say really, it has 12 terrific characters with unique abilities, powers, weapons & personalities, the combat is fun & fluent also very easy to master. Story is nothing special as you fight a powerful Alien Commander to make the city free of evil.Conclusion: If you want an entertainer buy it & have a blast.*Saints Row fans would definitely want to buy this."
76561198043637358,Not Recommended,304530,34271082,Posted: 16 August,all,Power_Bert,"After only 2,5 hours of playtime i can already wright a review of this game:Very poor optimization and bad framerate even on strong systems make the otherwise fun gameplay feel really bad.I can play the new Doom on ultra with consistent 90 to 120 fps but Agents of Mayhem struggles to maintain 60 as soon as im traversing the open world. Add some explosions and enemies and it goes down to 20. Hilarious!Wait until patch, dont buy right now."
,Not Recommended,304530,34804049,Posted: 7 September,all,Akira3234,"Bought the game on release day, couldn't play it because my controllers never worked with the game. I have the official Microsoft Xbox One and also a 360 controller as well, but neither worked when connected via a USB cable or wirelessly. The game would actually like it detected the controllers, but nothing would respond to any buttons being pressed or to directional. There were other reports of similar issues by other people on the discussions here, but no real fix. I gave it as long as I could for a patch, but none came before my refund window was up. I requested a refund before that could expire and I still have not played this game."
76561198066454746,Recommended,304530,34301601,Posted: 17 August,all,ASTURIEL,Thats not Saints Row but i like that!
76561198185789702,Recommended,304530,34296824,Posted: 16 August,all,Jimamo,So far its pretty good.
,Recommended,304530,34264238,Posted: 15 August,all,The Outsider,fun game some performance issue but none game breaking hopefully they patch it soon
76561198130083723,Not Recommended,304530,34369104,Posted: 20 August,all,inquisitor,stop working ( deep silver kiram to bazi sakhtanet )
,Recommended,304530,34447695,Posted: 23 August,all,{*_*}[*_*](*_*),A good one.You chumps just don't get it.
,Recommended,304530,34450368,Posted: 23 August,all,Tankor Smash,"I like this game. It's got a ton of stuff to do, and unlocking the characters as you go is a lot of fun. The game won't get too much different than arenas of dudes to fight over and over, but the fun is in the combat and progress, rather than the variety of it. That's not for everyone.The game's polished to all hell, custom voice lines and animations for everything from jumping into a car to reloading guns to climbing walls. Just a ton of polish everywhere. There's a ton of stuff to unlock, but even if it doesn't change as much as you'd like, you've got a dozen characters to play as.I came into it with really low expectations and I was happy with the game. I've got 11 hours so far and I expect to play at least a few more.The comedy is pretty standard Saints Row style, where it's not exactly funny if you're waiting for it, but if you just zone out, every so often a good line comes up. I actually enjoy the humor in Saint's Row 1 and 2 so this was right up my alley. Didn't play anything after 3 though, so maybe this plays close to that.One thing is that it's not a perfect 60fps on my 1080 but it doesn't bother me too much, I could turn it off Ultra and tweak it a bit, but I'm happy with the performance of the game.Anyway, this game is a lot of fun and way better than I expected after reading so many negative reviews."
76561198037277669,Recommended,304530,34642435,Posted: 31 August,all,Ova Wolf,8/31/2017Buggy as hell wait 2 month for fixes to kick indeath bug is a game killer your team dies amd then it fails to continue i have had problems with mission freezes so far those have been fixed and the random freezes are no fun ethier there are more freezes then crashes but on rare times you will find a crash so give them time for bug or grent you teeth through them it a good game all in all!
,Recommended,304530,34718321,Posted: 3 September,all,dharmarin,"a good game, but it isn't saints row, please volition do a saints row 4 again.enjoyable."
76561198026279407,Recommended,304530,35252916,Posted: 27 September,all,me,"I'm about 20 hours in, and I'm pretty happy with it.  Yes, it is repetative to some degree.  I get the feeling that volition never has quite enough money to really fill out a game the way I wish they would or could...The only real complaint I have is that the writing isn't up to par for what I've come to expect from Volition.  Perhaps that's not fair since SR was so supremely well done, but it could definitely be better.  It's sort of like Suicide Squad - a whole bunch of people through into the story without enough time and good writing to make us care about them - although it helps that I already sort of know Oleg, Pierce & Gat.  I think it was actually pretty clever to keep the universe at least somewhat familiar because it upped my level of engagement right from the start.The other complaints I see amount to mostly nitpicking, and I don't think they would matter if the dialog was stronger.  For instance, I've seen a few people complain that mssion start points end up having you travel across the city to where the real action is.  This is only a problem because the dialog during the journey is simply bland.  One of my favorite SR4 moments is driving to a mission point with the boss and pierce singing ""Opposites Attract"".  Classic moment, and it's essentially the same thing happening, but it's about a thousand times more entertaining.  Others complain that they can't have 12 customizable guns for 1 agent like the boss had in SR...That misses the point.  It's NOT SAINTS ROW.  You have 3 agents which gives you 3 weapons (plus 3 special attacks = 6 modes of attack), which is plenty for any given mission, and you can swap them in between.  It's simply different, and I find it refreshing.All that said, it's still a fun game and it's a move in the right direction.  Combat is fun.  I enjoy the Saint's Row callbacks and the alternate universe.  I just wish Kinzie was there since she seems like a great fit for the Ark team.  Combat is fun, although I'd like an option to take cover instead of constantly running around to avoid bullets, but that's just me.I can also see how people would want co-op, but I also don't personally care because I prefer to go solo.  Not a biggie.I was happy to pay full price.  I know people are saying to wait, but I love Volition and I don't need to punish them just to save 20 bucks by waiting 2 months.  I hope they get enough money to really invest in the world they're creating so it can become what I think it could be in the (hopefully) next installment."
,Recommended,304530,34264922,Posted: 15 August,all,Minecraft Awesome Parodies,The Game is Fun
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,304530,34316632,Posted: 17 August,all,Darkside99x,Moba styled combat turns everything into a grind.
,Not Recommended,304530,34273781,Posted: 16 August,all,Døden Dave,"Agents of Mayhem is yet another big franchise game released in 2017 on PC that is unacceptable.It's almost as if they've primarily developed the game on consoles and afterward ported it across to PC just for the extra income.Performance is disgusting. I am playing on a Ryzen 5 1600X overclocked to 4.0GHz with 16GB of DDR4 memory clocked at 3466MHz, I have a GTX 1080 overclocked to 2000MHz on the core and +350MHz on the memory. Agents of Mayhem was installed on my SSD.I play on a 160Hz 27"" Acer Predator monitor with G Sync enabled and the majority of the hour of gameplay I experienced was at 40-70 FPS at Ultra settings.This is the sort of optimization console gamers find acceptable for their 60Hz, 50"" TV while gaming on controllers with acceleration and aim snapping.Speaking of acceleration, the only mouse setting available in options is mouse sensitivity. There's definitely some sort of acceleration or smoothing at play but no option to disable.The art style is nice and the game world is seemingly pretty but it all looks the same. The world is bland and boring.There are games made by development teams no where near the size of the team that made this, available for less than half the price, with more features and better quality content.I am glad I use Steam as my point of purchase because I am able to refund games like this that I feel aren't worth anywhere near the asking price.The video game market, specifically on PC, is saturated with games like this that are not worth our money and yet so many people buy and forget. This is why so many of the big game developers keep farming out pointless games like this on a yearly basis.We should be better supporting early access games from smaller teams and sending them to the top of the Steam charts, just so the huge development companies and publishers can take a look and reinvent themselves to deliver the sort of games that we actually want, rather than the repeated reskins of games that were good to play for a few hours a decade ago but aren't worth a look today.Refund requested!"
,Recommended,304530,34301675,Posted: 17 August,all,GhostAkaNoahDunn,its everything i expected it to be.
,Recommended,304530,34389301,Posted: 20 August,all,Mcshank,"So far I have completed 50% of the game in little less than 10 hours of playing, Doing missions and searching for collectables *Shards*. The game definetly is nothing to write home about, but it is fun. I am not going to do a bunch of pros vs cons crap as that is going to be everywhere. There are plenty of characters to pick from to make your 3man team the way you want it. The missions are all pretty straight forward and dont apply much of a challenge unless you constantly move the difficulty up manually, otherwise you will plow through the enemies pretty quickly. The main downside to this game would be that the driving portion is pretty boring and not that fun and that the city is pretty lifeless. I still am enjoying it alot and will beat it at hopefully 100% here in the next few days which I have not done with a game in a long time. Good game, and hopefully Volition adds more missions later on to keep the game from fading from sight since it is a singleplayer only."
76561198162286578,Recommended,304530,34547564,Posted: 28 August,all,Eoclaanr,I want  Johnny Gat TT
76561197970898605,Recommended,304530,34302999,Posted: 17 August,all,Stabbity,<---NEVER PLAYED ANY SAINTS ROW GAME<---IS ENJOYING THE SPIN OFF
76561198272670824,Not Recommended,304530,34271676,Posted: 16 August,all,Slapotamus,good game but not worth 60 bucks I would wait for it to go on sale
,Not Recommended,304530,34282724,Posted: 16 August,all,Childish Chazbino IV,"Poor optimisation and boring gameplay, Ended up watching playthroughs and glad I did. Characters are lifeless, even with all agents, gameplay still dull and nothing really stands out for the game other than the multitude of reasonably cool abilities with the agents. spending £40 for 20 hours of 'meh' fun. Grab this game when it is £15 or less. Refund."
,Recommended,304530,34269846,Posted: 15 August,all,Juice,"Awesome game so far. Loving the story, atmosphere and gameplay. Anyone complaining about lack of co op needs to pull their head out and realise this is a quality game."
76561198046239614,Recommended,304530,35139767,Posted: 22 September,all,Dreadful QB!,"G.I Joe as given to you by Saints' Row crewFirst and foremost, let's get this out of the way: No, it's NOT Saints Row.Ok, now that we got all the ""Waah it's not literally Saints Row it's ruined 5ever!"" crap, let's start.The story is intentionally generic (operative word: intentional), and AoM revels in the camp and scenery-chewing of good old 80s' cartoons (""Behold! I'm harnessing the power of dark matter, WITH MY BALLS!"" Mission Objective: Shoot Hammersmith's Balls). An improvement I'd have made is focusing the loading screens specifically on the ""knowing is half the battle"" satires, however.The part where the game struggles is the casting. Now, the new characters are all good if you ask me, and much like the Neptunia games, a good portion of the fun is watching the banter and interactions among them... however, they're NEW, and as we all know, ""new things are bad,"" especially when the fanboys were expected to see all of the old SR's cast back as-is and the few that made it are rather changed (also, Gat was only available as pre-sale DLC).The gameplay is good, and the open-world elements are very nicely done (enough to draw me to them, when I was never game for open-world stuff). The music, however, was rather forgettable (only one memorable tune). Keeping SR's ""create a playlist"" feature would have been good... but then, the story takes place in Korea, and if you think Bieber's music is awful, try K-pop.All in all, the game is still good, and I don't regret my purchase. Granted, it could have been even better, but I trust Volition will take care of that in the sequel."
76561198107867331,Recommended,304530,34265053,Posted: 15 August,all,可阿兒ㄧ,Edited 8/17/17(+)The gameplay actually enjoyabletons of characters that you can choose.The class are useful for your teamstill worth for 40$ imo(-)No multiplayer access
76561198347212526,Recommended,304530,34644761,Posted: 31 August,all,EmperorGibby,"This game was not designed to be ground breaking, it was not designed to be game of the year and it was not designed to be the next saints row. It was designed for fun the entire game is just about causing mayhem. The story is like a typical G.I. Joe episode but the characters really make you keep going (or it did for me anyway). The combat is fun and fast paced and quite hard on higher difficulties. The driving is not the best but its more rewarding to just run around the city. The game is fun but you need take breaks as it does feel quite repetive. If you want to kill a few hours or just have fun buy this game."
,Not Recommended,304530,34390607,Posted: 21 August,all,our pm is sad :(,it was boring
76561198168690505,Not Recommended,304530,34285301,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,Ok game but doesnt worth 60$.
,Recommended,304530,34263252,Posted: 15 August,all,NikaSharkeh,"If Overwatch had an open-world campaign story mode.Im not even kidding or meme-ing here, this is seriously what this is. Visual style of the futuristic world, shaders, characters, menu designs, fonts, character sheets and loadouts, all are made in Overwatch style(in a good way). If you ever played Overwatch and wished for a campaign/story mode, this game would be PERFECT for you. The only difference is that the game is less serious and more whacky, as expected of Saints Row universe."
,Recommended,304530,34259846,Posted: 15 August,all,Miporin,"Agents of Mayhem is giving me a mixed feeling. During the first hour, The game plays out a little different from what I have seen before the release ... the game feels ... cheap?It looks the same, but it feels different when playing it myself. It doesn't feel up to the game of similar price. It is enjoyable though, but at the same time feels ... lacking? I don't know, haven't spent enough time to judge the gameplay department properly, so this is based on my first impression.It is not Saints Row for certain.I still give this a try, because of how it presents itself. I find it charming, and interesting to follow. You can check my first 40 minutes here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1111565686If I have to say, I would recommend you to try it yourself if you are interested, since I feel that Agents of Mayhem will appeal to particular group than the everyday gamers.IMHO, this is something that I will not pick at full price. I would be happy to play this at likes 40% off, maybe."
76561198001585521,Not Recommended,304530,34316015,Posted: 17 August,all,Legenduck,"If you enjoy games that start whether you have an AMD processor or not, skip this one."
,Recommended,304530,34260162,Posted: 15 August,all,SpencerPCGamer,Love the game. Best agent GAT. OP weapon and causes a ♥♥♥♥ ton of damage in the city
,Not Recommended,304530,34334284,Posted: 18 August,all,LuckySeel,"I purchased this game ahead of release as a pre-order. I've loved the two previous Volition games I've played: Saints Row 3, and Saints Row 4. I knew that this game was considered a ""spiritual sequel"" of sorts, when it comes to Saints Row, with the game having two characters from that series in it, just a different version of them. So I didn't expect it to be like Saints Row, or have gameplay like it.I only played about 40 minutes of gameplay, before I got bored. Most previous Volition games have gripped me in with their humour and encapturing gameplay. However, the humour I experienced during the start of the game was very lackluster and the gameplay eventually just felt repetitive. The driving still feels odd turning corners unless you skid, however, the Graphics feel improved from previous Volition games.The inclusion of S.R characters was a mere cash grab on their part, in order to get the fans of the S.R games to try this game. If you are a fan of S.R, don't go into this game expecting gameplay that's similar to the S.R games, it's similar in some aspects, but it's also very different. Don't play this game, because it has S.R characters in it, play it because it's the style of game you like.I'm going to not recommend this game as it just doesn't feel right for me. However, my judgement and refund was decided after 40 minutes of gameplay because I felt like I didn't want to risk the £40 I spent on this game, not being worth it in the end for me, as I wasn't enjoying it yet. Typically, I find the start of the game is usually the best, so it worried me that the gameplay wouldn't get more enjoyable."
,Recommended,304530,34262585,Posted: 15 August,all,WooLeeOom,"Very fun game, very original. Not a Saints Row, but even better."
,Not Recommended,304530,34601847,Posted: 30 August,all,the_little_dragon -DI-,game dont instal fully. not worth buying. im not able to play it. and some other players to. game instal fully but wil miss 1 file. and cant run when its not installed.
57890237530294320,Not Recommended,304530,34298613,Posted: 16 August,all,Boomstick,I kept waiting for something fun/funny to happen and it never did.
,Recommended,304530,34259886,Posted: 15 August,all,☨☭✞ NIKITA ✞☭☨,"Really good game you are always moving, controlling 3 characters really fun everyone must try it but a good cup or a multiplayer would be just awesome!"
,Not Recommended,304530,34260993,Posted: 15 August,all,Jamesifer,It crashes on startup.
,Not Recommended,304530,34260178,Posted: 15 August,all,BlackEvangel,Poorly optimized. 35 FPS on GTX 980. Refund.
,Recommended,304530,34260053,Posted: 15 August,all,gerpausnet,"Don't listen to other review, they are just badnwagoning the hate. Mines doesn't have any FPS issue and I am using GTX 1070. There are also different variation of missions.AOM is an Awesome game, highly recommended for people who loves third person shooter.This game is a Mission Style Third Person Overwatch"
,Not Recommended,304530,34273538,Posted: 16 August,all,Beasty,boring and repetative
,Not Recommended,304530,34270764,Posted: 15 August,all,Midknight Battler,"Saints Row with very unappealing characters like-Disgusting drumstick legs Amy Schumer with a gattling gun-A gay male stripper that is a worse version of Johnny Cage but a salt of Ryan Reynolds bad acting trying to promote corrupt Hollywood by naming himself as Hollywood.-Kimbo Slice rip off black dude that doesnt have proper weapon, instead gives him a fish spear like a sad dude from the projects.-A Dragon Age Pirate whor look alike that steals sh*t we dont know, some tech wanna Google thinks how their female employers should be-A really tomboy black lives matter woman who acts tries to be a cargo delivery woman.-A dumb *ss Russian who cants speak english, full of steroids and steroids on stereotype.-A black hair Sarah Silverman woman that sounds like an Immigrant Israeli who cant speak proper English.-Some random Nigge black dude who parties a lot, like your average really dumb black party dude.-Some last minute addition of a Ninja woman that they just have to put in it there in the last minute.-Some Indian Lady that belongs in a fantasy world that just generic straight from Legend of Korra.Except the only cool dude is the Assassin Asian dude with a cool mask and a voice that sounds like a fusion between two Japanese dudes from Overwatch except he carries a lame silencer weapon.This whole game just stinks of Liberal LEftist garbage. We even have the woman who was in the woman's march dressing up as Vagin*s who is giving ideas for this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tx2gsnXpu8wDo you really want to buy this sh*t? Everything about this game is uninspired."
,Not Recommended,304530,34308260,Posted: 17 August,all,V.M. Varga,"Don't get this if you have tobii eye tracking on your computer! It says you can disable it, but thats a lie. I turned off all the settings for it and still it refuses to stop turning on while I play. It's very annoying, and I don't want it on. Imagine someone shining a red lazer pointer at your eye 2 times a second. You would go mad.Will not give this a positive reveiw until this issue is fixed. Do not buy this game if you have Tobii Eye tracking."
76561198330370298,Recommended,304530,34261184,Posted: 15 August,all,ZeDocter-,THE GAME IS SO FUN
76561197974675823,Not Recommended,304530,34678236,Posted: 2 September,all,duggelz,"Dear Volition,All I want is a superhero game.  This is not a superhero game.  Make Saints Row IV again."
,Not Recommended,304530,34276106,Posted: 16 August,all,Virus,Only mayhem i can see is steam's refund requests.
76561198084688842,Not Recommended,304530,34297640,Posted: 16 August,all,Thwackinator,RIP Saints RowEdit: The first paid DLC was some skins - No Way!
76561198198847683,Recommended,304530,34259876,Posted: 15 August,all,Lior,AMAZING!!! FUN FUN FUN.......
,Not Recommended,304530,34259742,Posted: 15 August,all,Izzatso?,"It's a Shame...LEGO City Undercover has more Fun & Humor IN THE FIRST 5 Minutes.Than this in an Hour...The Icing on the Cake are the technical Problems.StutterScreen Freezes for a couple of Secs4 Crashes in 50 MinutesI'll wait for Patches and a Deep Sale...H/W:Windows 10 ProMB Asus M5A78L-M/USB316 GB Crucial 2100 Mhz Dual ChannelAMD FX-8350Gainward GTX 1060 Dual Fan 6GB VRAMNo OCOnboard Sound / Steelseries Headset Siberia V3Games installed on an SCANDISK II SSD 480 GBDisclaimerThis is my Opinion! This is how i feel at this Moment in Time & Space about this Product!This Opinion may change in the Future because of the ""Panta rhei"" Effect.I don't care about other Point of Views and will delete Posts of SJW Nature.If you want to Discuss like an Adult certain Topics of the Matter... You are Welcome to do so.So... If you don't like my opinion give it a Thumb Down or click on the Funny Option.Best Regards from sunny Zermany"
76561198383374449,Not Recommended,304530,34309386,Posted: 17 August,all,jacobcoutts100,It was laggy and was not fun to play
,Recommended,304530,34257792,Posted: 15 August,all,Gunnest663,Decent game with a decent story with decent characters with decent fps
76561198150848433,Recommended,304530,34264782,Posted: 15 August,all,Silver Archon,Crashes when opening city map. Other whise a solid game.
,Recommended,304530,34261502,Posted: 15 August,all,Jimmy,"This game is surprisingly good. The shooting is decent and the character animation is  smoother, the story is long and many conversations in this game are interesting. but if you are a fan of Saints Row you might not like this game. This game provides many characters for you to choose but it does not has character customization and the story i played so far is pretty regular. but you can't expect this new game to follow the system and the elements of saints row. it is a different game tells different story with differeny combat system. The developer nailed the combat, and it feels really awesome when you kill enemy( and civilians)but something kinda bothered me... The performance in this game is not as good as Saints Row3 and 4. it's playableThe reason to crash the game is.... kinda odd for me. I used Nvidia Geforce experience to optimize the settings but.. it crash everytime when i started the game. it is not crashing anymore after i used the previous settings to play the game, but in order to play with higher frame rate I had to manually lower every settings( really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying....) .So you might have crash issues when you optimize the game with Geforce experience but anything besides that This is a decent game and it worth sometime to try"
,Recommended,304530,34260582,Posted: 15 August,all,no vegetal,"So far not bad,I have read some other reviews and figured out that the experience is definitely not the same for everyone. But for me so far I'm enjoying the game, once and a while there could be a little stutter but that really doesn't bother me. The story is eh okay but the missions are darn fun, especially the ones for unlocking new agents.I would say this game has a little overwatch feel to it, even though the gameplay is not like overwatch. It's also a mix between Saints row and Crackdown a bit.And again, it seems like it's not the same for everyone, and know that you can refund it (if you've played it for less than 2 hours). Maybe give it a shot, don't always rely on the reviews, just get it and see how you feel about it within the first 30 - 60 minutes or so.This is my opinion, and everyone doesn't have the same opinion and computer, so the game may run smoothly or kinda garbage, but it really depends.So all in all I enjoy the game, but don't always rely on reviews, just give it a shot :)"
76561198114908784,Recommended,304530,34260400,Posted: 15 August,all,Halfmedia,"I had tons of errors and freezes, but then all of a sudden, sometime after the beginning, it all got better. Frames went to normal speeds, and the gameplay started to speed up! Don't be like me and rage over the start of the game, if you're like me, it'll get better, just wait. Not really worth $60, but hey, whatever. I will admit, I raged REALLY hard at the start, and asked for a refund asap, but now, I see that if you can make it past an hour or two, it isn't that bad. I urge you to try this game on a price drop. After all, (at the time of reviewing this) IT'S ONLY DAY ONE :D So just think of all the cool stuff they *could* add in. Again, I wish I knew how my framerate went to normal, and everything started to work, but I just honestly don't know. Your best bet is to try it out on your system for awhile, make it past the early game, then, if it didn't shape up, refund it / wait for optimization. Best of luck to you all!"
76561198350604004,Recommended,304530,34263195,Posted: 15 August,all,arixx74,"Great game, totally worth it.. Performance is the only issue but its just the release."
,Recommended,304530,34263199,Posted: 15 August,all,Gitank,"For me, it runs great on a 1070, with 16gb ram and a 4790k. Some frame issues when you load into an area but it smoothes out pretty quickly. The dialogue is fun, the characters may play into their tropes but are good nonetheless helped by the witty writing. The gameplay seems like it may get repetitive in the future, but at the moment is very fun, and testing out agent combos is a blast. Good spin off of the SR series!"
76561198083576371,Not Recommended,304530,34489467,Posted: 25 August,all,Evil Befall,to buggy  and to  much of the same  stuff
,Not Recommended,304530,34271692,Posted: 16 August,all,Lord Salty,"Unlike a lot of people I've seen write reviews, I understand this game isn't a Saint's Row game, regardless of it being set in the SR Universe. I enjoyed playing this game all the way through, but after completing the story and free-roaming for a bit to attempt to obtain 100% of achievements, I realized how unpolished it is. There are too many bugs to note in this review and there are so many quality of life things I could think of from the top of my head that would've made the experience so much more enjoyable, it feels as if the developers worked on a barebones skeleton for the game, made it look pretty, didn't bug-check or polish any minor details and said ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and released it. I can't recommend this game, probably not even if it was on sale, maybe if they decide to release a patch where the developers bug fix and polish the game a bit, but not now..."
76561198003138737,Recommended,304530,34261391,Posted: 15 August,all,OwlyOwlman,"Okay, so I've clocked a fair amount of time into this game by this point. I've got to say, I've really enjoyed this game.A lot of the articles I've read have said ""SAINTS ROW RETURNS WITH AGENTS OF MAYHEM"" and that is entirely untrue, beyond a few of the SR alumni appearing in this game, and others being referenced, this is not a Saints Row title. This is closer to a super hero game and a ruddy good one too.The characters are all enjoyable to play in their own ways, and if you don't enjoy someone to begin with... my advice is persevere, gadgets, techs and core upgrades can really change up how a character plays and you can tailor it all to your own preferred style.Pros:+ Awesome Villains+ Lots of stuff to do in the open world [The more you fight legion, the more you'll find to do]+ Lots to farm+ Funny dialogue+ Gideon Emery voices the car+ Fun playstyle+ Solid, clichéd, and amusing story but maintains seriousness when necessary+ Lovely graphicsCons:- Quite short campaign [24 hours it took me, with some grinding the open world between times]- Can be quite repetetive- Non-story lairs all look the same- Quite buggy [I've had to verify files 3 times, usually when missions bug] This'll get patched, but it shouldn't launch like this- Have to go back to the ARK to change costume/team. No safe areas in the open world to do it.Overall I'd say if you enjoy the class based shooter, or super hero games this is a solid 8/10 for me. I'd recommend it. If you're uncertain, wait for a sale.But mostly, this IS NOT Saints Row. It's set in a post-Gat out of Hell alternate reality in the same universe, that is all. It is it's own IP."
,Recommended,304530,34377036,Posted: 20 August,all,Cloudero,"It's fun, but not that fun, but still fun, but still not that fun..."
,Recommended,304530,34319339,Posted: 17 August,all,Frisky Paws™,"Let me start off by saying if you're looking for Saint's Row this isn't Saint's Row. But, it is a great spin off!Pro's:> Lots of Agent's to choose from with unique personalities.> Tons of easy-going fun with random spurts of comedy.> Good amount of content/side-quests.> Lots of unlockables (characters/weapon skins/character skins/etc).> Combat is entertaining.> Able to customize abilities for each Agent.> Music is basically always in the background which goes well with the game.> Saint's Row Universe while managing to be a completely different game altogether.> Lots of explosions and jumping (can be considered a con at times).> Beautiful graphics and enviorment.> Interesting story.Con's:> Can get repetitive at times.> Going back to the hub often can get tedious.> Enemies can sometimes fall off of buildings you can't exit without getting ported back causing you to restart from checkpoint.> Enemies will sometimes freeze and become untargetable.> The screen won't completely 'full screen' at times.> FPS drops randomly.-- Mainly it's just got some bugs to it that need patched up and fixed to make the game more enjoyable without the added frustration of having to restart missions/checkpoints due to enemies disappearing/freezing/etc. With the current bugs waiting till it goes on sale or till it is patched up might be best for those who are on edge about purchasing. Overall though its a very fun game. --"
76561198353508532,Recommended,304530,34358696,Posted: 19 August,all,Shameful,The game is very enjoyble the only thing thats not enjoyble si the world. Its too small and theres nothing to really do in it.  but overall this game is great
76561198296294133,Not Recommended,304530,34307062,Posted: 17 August,all,Cherish,没中文就算了，剧情差也算了，但是敌人在门后面，你门不让开，我人在里面，我怎么打到标记的敌人？？
76561198101395895,Recommended,304530,34299668,Posted: 16 August,all,Huckleberry Reese,"This ain't a Saints Row game and it's nothing like them. Stop Comparing this game with any SR game or complaining it isn't one.This game is more like Borderlands 2 and Overwatch when you switch it to third person view, and it's a lot of fun. Let's talk about some Pros and Cons in this game.Pros: +Graphics are amazing+You get to play 3 characters at the same time(just switch it whenever and wherever you like)+Dialogs are kinda funny+The city was created based on the real city Seoul, and it looks great in many ways+lots of missions and unlockable charactersCons: -As always, optimization needs to be improved-It's an open world game yet the world ain't big enough, maybe they would expand it later-Gameplay is repetitive, this game is all about shooting, shooting, and more mindless shooting, you can't put your guns down and be a normal guy to do some normal things in the city like GTA5.-There are only a few types of enemies.Over all, it's a good game, but here's a little advice, don't buy this game just yet since you can't get the pre-order bonus and the price it's a bit high, wait till some patches were out or it's on sale.If you have some spare money, get it right now, you wont regret it if you like this kind of games, read my words above carefully, IF YOU LIKE THIS KIND OF GAMES."
,Not Recommended,304530,34264534,Posted: 15 August,all,🅱️lackHawx99,"Lets start with an overall point to summarise first: Trying to seperate themselves from the Saints Row name they've thrown away all the good bits and kept the shortsighted problems (That being said, I'd rather play this than Saints Row IV)What that ultimately means is that you don't get control over the appearance of the characters or the weapons they use. Instead there are a very small number of colour option skins. For the players of Borderlands out there, it is very similar to the skins in that. Some may see this as a step up and find the customisation a pointless effort in the past. I am not one of those people. I am one of those people who enjoyed the ability to create a unique character down to the finest details.There is also absolutely no attempt at Radio stations within the game, chucking away the Mixtape and multiple radio stations like in Saints Row instead for generic sounding 8-bit-esque tunes which remind me of that American Dad episode where Cyborg Stan returns from the future with his Japanese Funk CD.Other than that however I can honestly say that it is a step up from the last two games. A new map which is very detailed and full of interesting areas to explore combined with cheesy (in a good way) G.I. Joe style one liners and monologuing bad guys who just so happen to tell you the full extent of their evil plans.While it is true that I havent played the game for long it doesn't take long to pick up the idea. The game's missions are also similar to Saints Row of the past where you would find yourself repeating the exact same mission just in a slightly different area. I honestly cant tell you how many identical looking Legion bases i've raided so far, but I can tell you that it is more bases than I have fingers.The new feature I can't quite decide whether or not I like involves perk slots and perks which are achieved by doing missions and equipped in a Call of Duty or EA Battlefront style loadout (could be these perks are selected at random or they are set rewards because it doesn't tell you what you're getting until you're done). On one hand it makes it essential to actually use your 3 character slots as the characters have different pros and cons. On the flip side it makes the game feel like it's trying too hard to be different by Saints Row by becoming a copy of other games.As a whole it is a game that I will continue to be investing my time in for sure and I will see it to the end. However I'm not getting the feeling of ever wanting to play the game again, after it is done, like I usually get from genuinely brilliant games. Partly down to the lack of incentive to actually do the missions (the seemingly useless effort of collecting all of the Mayhem agents for example) and partly down to the element of predictability."
76561198279648650,Not Recommended,304530,34259869,Posted: 15 August,all,MothersMilk-GBP,trash
,Recommended,304530,35358096,Posted: 30 September,all,"""${benaryorg}""","I haven't played it through yet, but it seems a pretty nice game after 18h.The ""event missions"" (e.g. stealing a car, destroying a machine of doom and such) don't have much variety, but that's fine, you have a main campaign and side missions for that.The game mechanics seem pretty good to me.Choosing three characters for your squad and fighting through missions with them, being able to switch to another one with the mouse wheel, vastly different play styles per character and such it's a general fun experience.You can triple jump with all the characters, some of them can then further dash in the air.That enables you to climb basically every building in the game and adds a third dimension to fights.With a difficulty that's adjustable very well from ""ez game"" to ""I spend more time on the game over screen than playing"" with I think 15 levels to choose from I can either have a relaxed gaming experience or.… well.… not.Humor. What I like best about the game is it's (Saints Row like) humor.Just sitting there in the planetarium and listening several minutes to Uranus jokes.…The game is set up in a way that extending the storyline should be ""easy"" (game should be fully reusable with different maps, dialogues and missions, but that's a major part of making a game obviously).If that will really be done by Deep Silver, then I'm heavily impressed.I like it when DLCs bring actual content."
76561198268146394,Recommended,304530,35511753,Posted: 6 October,all,twoangrysherpas,"If you enjoyed any of the Saints Row games, this game continues the fine tradition of over the top and zany dialogue, combat, and characters.  That said: a lack of multiplayer is rather disappointing when coupled with some of the more difficult combat scenarios. My least favorite omission from all the features in the game is a tie between the minimap and the radio selections for driving vehicles."
