user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029363860,Recommended,304650,14371825,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JavaDevil,"My crew attempted a mutiny, upset and frightened from being out at sea for too long. When their mutiny failed, I sailed them back to London. Once home was in sight, and they gathered at the rails to sing praise, I promptly turned the ship around and sailed it in a circle. And then another circle, this one wider. Then, a third circle, this one smaller.No one commits mutiny on my vessel.Time moved swiftly as the circles continued. My crew only had a faint understanding of what punishments were in store for them as I spent the night in my cabin, fornicating with our surgeon. Around and around and around we sailed.It soon dawned on them what was happening when the nightmares came, when the food and supplies began running low. Once the food was gone, the madness came quick; the frightened tears, quicker. One member wanted to kill herself, but I wouldn't allow it. Another begged me to stop the endless circles, so I sailed them faster, sloppier. Once, I sailed close to a zee-beast. It swam away, wanting no part in the theatre of suffering I was producing. An entire meal, the crew's last hope of staving off death by starvation, had gone. Only the circles remained.If they wanted to live, they had to eat. Keeping their humanity was no longer an option. They knew what little choice they had, and what little they could do to control it. Out of food, cannibalism quickly took hold on the decks. Crew members butchered and ate each other after yet another failed mutiny. And back in my cabin, all I could do was muse with my sultry lady in lilac, the crewmembers' wails of grief a very, very potent aphrodisiac for more fornication.We sailed, ate, sailed again. The rhythm never broke. A circle without end.Soon I took part in the feasting of a brazen zailor who tried to shoot me and failed spectacularly in doing so. The few remaining crew and I ate him and we said nothing of the incident. They knew better. The silence was terrible for them, and it pleased me. Nearby, a cargo vessel sailed past us without pause. You could almost smell the bounty of food and fuel aboard it. They never knew what we were doing, or what we've become, circling without end. Then, they were gone, and my remaining crew came undone.I shot a crewman who attempted to abandon ship, and I tossed his body overboard. I did nothing as another member leapt overboard soon after, only to be swallowed by the waves, screaming about Salt's curse being set upon us. I dined with the lady in lilac again as the second to last crewman wept and succumbed in his sleep to nightmares, alone and misbegotten.I believe his corpse is still decomposing in its spot, somewhere in the dark in the lowest corner of my vessel, the Unsinkable II. He shall remain there as a souvenir until I see fit.Finally, when it was just me and one broken crew member left, I turned the ship portside and set us off. Time to stop the circles; home was near, just at the edge of the screen. I paid a hefty fee for a tow and returned to port, to my zeeside mansion, where I slept like a baby that evening.London was oblivious. Or unmoved.Tomorrow, thirteen new crew members await orders to set sail. They haven't the foggiest of what to expect.No one commits mutiny on my vessel.10/10"
,Recommended,304650,18061330,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,thenschel113,"This is a bit of a challenging review to write.  While I love the concept behind Sunless Sea a lot, and it definitely nails it when it comes to tone and atmosphere, but the game itself has some fundamental flaws that erode its fun factor a lot.The good: Graphically, it is a rather beautiful game, depicting its underground sea in an almost painterly way.  It captures the rich, dark, almost Lovecraftian tone of it's world perfectly; and the artwork it uses to represent the characters and creatures populating that world are great too.  It's writing its fantastic, fo rthe most part, and make me wish there was a straightup novel I could buy that would let me dive more deeply into its mythos.  The gameplay itself is a rather simple top-down view of your ship, but it is effective, fun, and evocative of older sailing titles from the 90's like Sid Meyer's Pirates.The bad: The game is designed around perma-death, and while that is actually a feature that drew me to the title in the first place, it doesn't really work here.  You are going to die... a lot... and unless you managed to advance to the point in the game where you can pass things along to an heir, which is NOT an easy task, that means you have to start all over again.  By the fifth or sixth attempt, it grows really repetitive to have to re-find the same officers, have the same conversations, re-encounter at the same obstacles at the same ports, and re-read the same blocks of text (no matter how brilliantly written).  In the end, after my ninth captain went down with his beautiful customized ship, I just didn't have it in me to start in a crappy little boat all over again.The bottom line: I'm still recommending you buy this game, if you can get it on sale, so that you can experience the good stuff it does have to offer... but be aware that it does have some flaws that will become increasingly hard to overlook.  3 out of 5."
76561198056741931,Recommended,304650,32213144,Posted: 5 June,all,Prigos,"I have made a Deviless cry.I have fled from, fought, and died to a Mountain of Black Glass.I have sold souls, the honey of dreams, and forbidden books.I have explored the Dead Letter Office and will/am/have visited the Dream Serpent in the Pillars.I have sank pirates, betrayed anarchists, and been humiliated by a child.I have broken mirrors, freed tigers, and opened a gate to the stars.I have acquired strange hungers, seen too much of the dawn, and bargained with the King of the Drowned.I have fought rats with machine guns, feed pirates to colours, and traded coffins for the future.I have died bravely, died fleeing for my life, died of hunger, and found boredom in safety.I will sail the Sunless Sea. I have sailed the Sunless Sea. I will always sail the Sunless Sea...(Sunless Sea is an evocative, atmospheric, story-driven game. If you go in expecting to ""win"" you'll be sorely disappointed. If you dive in, start making bad decisions, dying, and trying over again, there's so much to this game and so many ways that it can proceed, at a pace you set, that it will keep you busy for weeks.)"
76561198021030392,Recommended,304650,14438661,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Polar,"The Pirates laughed.They laughed as they sunk my ship. None but I were alive on that ship. I sunk into the depths for the second time. That is when I swore that I would have my vengeance. I was no longer Promthelius - a dapper chap of Fallen London.I was Ahab - and this game; my great white whale.I started from scrap. I had nothing but a ship and a gun. I started trading Sphinxstones. I brought them to London for a nominal fee. It was not living, but surviving. Pirates swarmed my trade-route. I tried to avoid them for a time, but my ship would not take me further with the holes in it's hull. It slowed to a crawl, and five Pirate-ships sank me with an impressive display of teamwork for a bunch of thieves. I heard the laughter as I sank into those obsidian depths below. Was this how it ended? Was this how Ahab would be remembered?No.I would not succumb there. I was Ahab. I was the reckoning of Promthelius. I was two generations of seething disdain for this world, and all that inhabited it.I started again. I threw caution to the wind, and traded wildly. With naught but two hundered echoes and two barrels of fuel, I found the Salt Lions. I once more started trading in sphinxstones.Pirates swarmed, but I mostly avoided them. They laughted, jeering and taunting me. Was I a Coward? Perhaps.I traded sphinxstones until the Salt Lions ran out. And thus began one year of sunshine. I traded empty boxes of mirrors in the city of Khan's Shadow, and captured the sunshine from the Neath in droves as I emerged there from the Cumaean canal. Three boxes turned into six. Six turned into sixteen. I bought a new ship - a trading vessel with one hundered and twenty units of cargo-space. My Empire of sunshine on that opaque expanse.My plan was not without fault. Pirates tried and failed to sink me. I faced much danger upon those waters. Men and women so uncouth and guileful that they should like to rob me were swarming those waters. But with purpose, I sank or avoided all that followed.In the end, ninety boxes of sunshine at each time was delivered to the Isle of Cats. I netted tidy sums of money. The Isle of Cats was a sun upon my obsidian empire. But the age of sun could not last. My last run ended in roaring success. Sixty thousand echoes filled my vault.Once back in London, I had only one purpose.With my money, I bought an Eschatologue-class Dreadnaught, and all the battle-gear that Fallen London had to offer.It was expensive, but vengeance is a dish best served with overwhelming firepower.And through my cannons, upon the deck of that Dreadnaught, my justice had finally come. I ended the reign of Pirates in a single day. Unfinished revolutionaries, Pirate Steamers, Republic Dreadnaughts and Glorious Dreadnaughts. It made no difference. All were sunk. All plunged to the depths under the sound of my cannons. Some say that they can still hear me laughing. There are no Pirates upon these waters, Friends. Only death.I am Ahab. And I have taken my great white whale. My vengeance is complete."
76561197970763027,Not Recommended,304650,14412543,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ClancyDamon,"The biggest disappointment with this game is the thing that I see praised endlessly in the positive reviews - the writing and stories. Yes, the writing is pretty good and yes the stories are interesting. The problem is that they are only good and interesting the first time you read them. The true horror of this world hit me on my third captain when I realized that nothing was ever going to change. You come to realize that everything is always the same, and nothing varies. Get port reports for the Admiralty, with the same cute flavor-text repeated ad-nauseum. Go ashore to repeat one of the exact same 1-3 random events every time. Go to sea and realize that the exact same monsters will continuously appear in the the exact same positions forever. Recruit the same paltry handful of officers, with the exact same stories, resolved the exact same way every time. And then you can go the really stand-out islands with in-depth stories and mysteries, only to again realize that these are played out in five minutes through random-chance screen-prompts with maybe two or three alternate paths. In about 30 hours (as of this writing) I really feel like I've seen pretty much every single thing it has to offer. And this is simply unforgivable for a game that sells itself on the fact that you will die.Based on that, I expected that characters would change and cycle. That only a few officers would be available to any one captain. That entire islands would disappear from the zee, and whole new ones would appear. That Fallen London would be teeming with traders, demons, nobles, thieves, naval officers, etc who would constantly change out and be replaced. That the trade goods and prices would change and your new captain would be forced to again explore and seek out the best suppliers and the best buyers. Areas you previously considered ""safe"" would now be home to vicious beasts. Basically, that playing as a new captain would feel rewarding and new. That's the sad part. It isn't. Nothing ever changes. Considering that the game is basically all text and random chance prompts, there should have been hundreds, if not thousands of stories and events that you could potentially see. There's really no excuse for how utterly static the world is.That might be something you could ignore (though not forgive) if the game was fun to play, but it's not. Trading is so utterly pointless I don't understand why they even bothered adding items to the game. You will never be able to make more than three Echo per commodity, and you'll inevitably have to spend that profit plus an additional markup to replace the food and fuel you used to trade those goods in the first place. Exploration is a complete crapshoot because more often than not finding something valuable will require you to pass a skill check and you will never have enough skill points to have even a decent chance. When it comes to fighting monsters, just get to the edge of them, flip the boat in reverse, and then keep blasting the engines as you shoot them. You'll basically never be hit again.I will say, just like everyone else, that the music is excellent and the atmosphere was very intriguing while it lasted. That is not enough. If you still find yourself interested, then please play the browser game instead. It's free, and it has a lot more content than you will find here."
76561198048498273,Recommended,304650,14590739,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SonofaGlitch,"Ultimately Sunless Sea is a potentially amazing game if you like rich narrative worlds and don't mind reading a lot . . . but you should either wait a bit after release and/or take long breaks between when you play because it's not where it needs to be yet.Why?Because of the way the game is being developed. Failbetter Game's previous effort, Fallen London (which this game shares the same universe with) has grown massively over time, and so has Sunless Sea. But right now shortly after release, Sunless Sea is a bit sparse. And it's got a lot of issues that need resolving.The first big issue is the combat, which is very basic at the moment. It works, and it's exciting and dangerous at first, but once you play for a while it becomes very dull and simple save for a few specific ""boss"" monsters, and even then it's just simple and dangerous. A lot of new AI and balancing is going to be needed before it gets interesting.Another big issue is size and speed. Your starter ship is almost unbearably slow and at first the world seems vast, but once you get past the (HUGE) initial difficulty wall, upgrading to better ships and engines with a fully explored map reveals that the world actually isn't all that large. More a lake than a sea. Honestly, the game would be better served if the map size were scaled up 15% and all of the engines moved about 10% faster than they currently do. Then at least you'd feel like you were moving, and the world would feel a appropriately large.The next (and really the biggest) issue is replayability. The game offers a lot of good story content in it, and this content is fixed. However the world is intentionally very harsh and you're bound to die a lot early on thanks to that big initial difficulty wall. These two facts result in a major problem where the narrative content ends up directly at odds with the death and respawn ""legacy"" mechanics.Namely: you're going to end up re-reading (more likely skipping through) lots of stuff you've already read before. Finding out about a character's past or an island's secret is really cool the first time, finding out about it the fifth time? No so much. There is currently no mechanic - and certainly not enough content - in place so that the different lives you start encounter notably different story experiences in the game, which would be the obvious solution to this problem.However, looking at how Fallen London has grown, and some of the systems already in place in Sunless Sea, I feel it's safe to assume that as time goes on more stories and content are going to continually get added in. There's already a pretty big expansion planned, and been a steady drip of new stories over the last month. They even just added a new alternate method to end your current game, so it's not like these are minor updates.Essentially, what you're likely to not realize (I certainly didn't) when buying Sunless Sea is that this is more a single player MMO that's half Naval Elite/Sid Meier's Pirates and half Victorian/Lovecraftian Adventure gaming. Knowing that is probably more key to whether or not you should purchase it than anything.This game is currently strong, but threadbare after you spend some time with it. In a few months? I'm guessing it's going to feel much fuller and robust. In a year? It might actually live up to the immense potential it has.Take that as you will, and certainly, if you're not the type to trust that a game will reach it's full potential in time or don't like that development model, hold off. But I'd encourage you to check back later when it's gotten a bunch of new content.For myself, I've found more than enough so far to justify the purchase, and have enjoyed the vast majority of my time with the game. The promise of more to come is just a bonus."
76561198046384083,Recommended,304650,16554267,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Naliathas,"Here's an example why this game is awesome:At the port I picked up a passenger.Turns out he's a shapeshifting face-eating monster.One by one he eats my crew and drops faceless bodies into the sea.Several times I tried to catch him and failed.At the end only me and my first mate are left alive.There's a bunch of options how to deal with him like fight, talk, use this, use that...There is also an option to admit that there is no monster and its been you all along.How much greater can it get?"
76561197970038516,Recommended,304650,18480962,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ellis Island Book Club Militia,"You can grind if you want toYou can leave your friends behind'Cause your friends don't grind and if they don't grindWell they're...actually playing the game how it's supposed to be played...Despite what every other negative review says, grinding is the absolute worst way to go about making money and upgrading your ship. The best way to actually upgrade your ship is to explore and complete stories (missions)...seriously, explore *everything*, take chances, complete stories, and you will end up with more money than you actually know what to do with.Already been someplace? Good, go there again (and again); every time you dock somewhere, you have a chance of encountering a different story that you haven't encountered yet. If you are relying on grinding, then you are making a chore out of something in the most unnecessary manner possible.TLDR (you probably have ADHD) - Do stories, make money, upgrade you ship, don't bother grinding!"
76561197992379022,Not Recommended,304650,11048867,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,anne_gwish,"This is not a good game....Or at least, not yet.I bought Sunless Sea because it reminded me of a very good comic called Leviathen and an RPG called Unhallowed Metropolis, which has some similar themes of unknowable horror in that sort of Victorian/Edwardian period.The setting is very impressive, it is a fantastically rich world of Victorian London - spun through a dark mirror and dumped on the shores of a bleak and desolate ocean, where madness is your only companion. Which personally, sounds wicked!I can definately see the sources it cites, the dark humour of Don't Starve, elements of the Cthulhu Mythos and it's atmosphere. All good stuff.I've not played it, but I can see why the broswer game this is based off of, Fallen London, is such a big hit.However. The game itself, which as I understand the progress updates is nearing completion, just isn't *fun* presently. You could perhaps argue that is the point of such a dark world, but let me point out a few things I take issue with...1) Money making. Maybe it's the present patch, but it seems you can't trade anything with anyone. The only port I've found (Venderbight) that accepts goods in it's ""shop"" (all the others I have found just sell supplies and fuel for your ship and are not interested in trade goods) offer for the two goods you can sell either a paltry profit of two bucks, or 'Echos' or a loss of about 7 Echoes? At the moment, trade just doesn't seem worth it at all. Like, at all.Even if you were to take a load of goods to Venderbight, you are coming back to London empty as there are no trade goods to buy. What the sense make?!So the only other way of making money is doing survey missions (or hovering around the starting area capturing pirate ships for prize money), which is fine but often you'll find your profit margain getting wiped out by having to replace your fuel and crew used in the journey, as well as 'carousing' back at port.In essence, it seems almost impossible to get any amount of money. Some two hours in and I'm still struggling to get more than a few hundred Echoes, with dreams of buying upgrades or a new boat a very, very long way off.I appreciate it defeats the challenge if they just give you a pot of gold easily, but at the moment it's far too difficult and the grind for cash is painfully slow and not enjoyable - given the limited amount of ways you can make money.2) Terror. What an excellent idea, as you sail the black ocean, darkness all around you, only the chug of the engine and the weak bloom of your headlamp lighting the way - the miasma of fear and paranoia starts to grip your crews minds... Bells in the distance.. Giant, squid eyes watching you from beneath the waves...Again, all good stuff. The more terror you accure, the stranger things occur and eventually you go mad. However, given that you start at 0 and within the space of one trip (within the starting area where the terror affect is less) go up to about 50+ out of a 100! That's a big steep isn't it?! I thought these were hardened sea hands, not yellow bellied land-lubbers?!The best way of avoiding a terror increase is planning your route so you sail through area light by bouys or remain very close to shore. Makes sense. But sometimes you have to find yourself sailing for about ten seconds in a dark area or drift a smidgen away from shore and your terror ROCKETS, I mean, it just flies up at a rate of knots!Calm down lads, the shore is still on screen but.. - oh? Apparently that's not close enough. Even when a light ship or a bouy or land is clearly but a stone's throw from your ship your sailors still flip the f*ck out unless you are about a gnats testicle away before they calm down.Having your own ships lights on doesn't seem to affect this very much, your terror goes up super fast regardless.And the only ways to reduce terror are FANTASICALLY expensive. The 'best' way to reduce terror to a managble level is to return to London, where your terror is reset to 50 automatically (but you start to get nightmares), but to reduce it further you have to 'carouse' either in London or elsewhere. This costs between 40-20 echoes depending on where you are and reduces your terror from 1-5 points. Is that all?? That hardly seems cost effective given within a matter of SECONDS after leaving port you can accure those points back up again.At the moment, you gain Terror far, far too quickly and it is much too difficult and expensive to reduce it.3) Combat. Oh man, can you imagne! Sailing your steamer straight towards a giant Angler Crab or Lifeberg, screaming blood and thunder to your terrified crew as they struggle to bring their harpoons and deckguns to bear, shining your ships lamp straight into the beasts unblinking eye!!!!Exciting stuff, except none of that happens here.Combat for me so far, consists of trying to run away from an enemy I have no chance of beating (anything outside of the starting area, I am not kidding) as I have nowhere near enough money to buy better ships or equipment, fleeing into the nearest port, then having to leave port and being killed instantly by the monster who is still waiting for me. Game over.The combat system consists of you or your opponent sailing into the other, where upon you are offerend the choice of fight or flight (or human  sacrifice, neat!) and then combat consists of a picture of you, a picture of the enemy and an 'illumination' bar for each. You want to raise their bar as much as possible, whilst keeping your own bar low. Once it's high enough, you press the 'shoot' action and then hopefully they die.But normally they don't and kill you instantly. The amount of enemies that can kill you in one hit is daft.There's no dodging, no position, no tactics, no *skill*. Just press the 'flare' button twice, press the 'evade' button a few times, then press the 'salvo' button. And then repeat as necessary. Again, it's not... Fun.There is an option to 'study' your foe in the midst of combat, but this has to be done several times and leaves you open to being annihilated.Against the easier enemies, combat is a chore. Crabs, bats (who seem to swarm near Venderbight), starting pirates can all be mostly be killed in three actions which equates to 30-40 seconds of your life you'll never see again. It's not engaging, as someone who has played many a sailing combat game over the years, it's uninspired and not enjoyable. FTL did a similar system much better.4) Death. It's a hard game, it's a slow game, it's a game with what appears to be a great deal in it. But as such, death comes fast and furious.After 2-3 hours of not managing to get much of anywhere, I was still mighty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when my ship glitched aground and then.. Game over. Which is fine, I mean it's a roguelike and it's not meant to be easy... But when it takes you HOURS to get much of anywhere from the start and you can die so easily by hook or by crook, it's maddening to see all that hard work thrown away.It's almost like having to do a lap of the Binding of Isaac, without any items - and at the end of the lap you get *one* item for the next lap. But as soon as you die, that's it. Whilst some masochists would love such a challenege, Joe Muggins here thinks that doesn't sound like fun.The 'merciful' mode helps with regards to this, as you can save on the fly. But you can either play it safe and live a long but dull life, or try the dangerous game and die fairly rapidly and see all your hard, slow, progress of upping your skills and saving your money go to waste.At least when you die you can save a skill for your next character.5) Conclusion.Sunless Sea is a fantastic idea for a fantastic game. However, IN THIS CURRENT VERSION it is not especially enjoyable to play IMHO.If it does tickle your nautical fancy, my advise would be to wait until full release, as this may leave you with a sour, salty taste in your mouth."
76561198005804164,Not Recommended,304650,29662507,Posted: 2 February,all,Pastulio,"So let me just say that I do enjoy this game...I just can't recommend it. Although I find it entertaining to a certain degree, it's shortcomings and missed opportunities are just too glaring to honestly recommend this game.Pros:-Great Story and Atmosphere-A lot of satisfaction in completing a big runCons:- Balance and pacing. Jobs and quests don't feel like they give appropriate rewards. When you cross the entire map, pick something up, and get the same reward for when you completed the same delivery only an island over, you feel kinda robbed.- Combat. Combat is pretty boring. Get behind the enemy, Stay there. And grind them down for 3 min. Early on, the 20 hp bat swarms are more dangerous than the 120 hp pirates.- Game Mechanics and Story Options. Although I really enjoyed the dark stories and adventures on each island and encounter, I didn't like the poor survival mechanics. If I run out of fuel, why can't I use my light to SOS for help and try to lure a priate ship close? Or maybe a friendly ship that I can use some of my crew attributes to manipulate into helping me. Or sacrifice the barrels or liquor I'm hauling and convert into somesort of fuel. I mean anything really. It is just kind of annoying when you run into a situation and literally have no options.- Failure. I love permadeath games but unlike most others where your death is usually in the midst of some big event/battle/surprise/etc, almost all of my failures in sunless were either wtf moments or really boring. Literally ran out of fuel with the port on my screen and couldn't do a damn thing about it. another time I was killed by a flock of birds with like 200 hp doing 15 damage a hit to my 75hp boat. Basically they just didn't think the failure senarios through enough to realize that losing the game because you ran out of gas or failed a 75% story event, isn't fun.- Resource management. I get that its not supposed to be easy to horde and purchase supplies and fuel. but atleast give me the option to set my rations or improve fuel efficency somehow (besides character traits)- UI is TERRIBLE!! Took me forever to try and figure what my objectives were (the objectives tab doesn't contain all the missions you are on). If you need a specific item to trigger an event on an island you plan to return to, WRITE IT DOWN YOURSELF. your in game journal doesn't record anything significant about where you have been so don't expect to look at the map, plan your route, check your journal for anything pertaining to each port.Like I said, I do enjoy this game, I just wish it was more refined and developed. And as it stands, I wouldn't recommend this game to my friends. Just too many little annoying things."
76561197973283629,Recommended,304650,25506914,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,XV Legion,"Is there a sea more sunless? This game is marketed as an immersive, story-driven, almost roguelike, nautically themed romp through alternate history London, circa 1890s. The people at Failbetter Games have created something both motivating and meaningful in their games surrounding Fallen London, utilizing hundreds of storylets that drive the player toward various choices and options.At first playthrough, especially if you didn't play the precursor game Fallen London, you will find yourself immersed in a world that follows many of the rules and expectations of our own, but with many questions and concepts left unanswered. I went in without having played Fallen London (though I did go back and play it once I was hooked on Sunless Sea) and my mind immediately was grabbed by the implications of what was going on in the game world around me. I loved the content and the lore that the world seemed to be steeped in, and loved it even more for the fact that it didn't give up its secrets without its due. This game is primarily an exploration game with the pretense of combat and economics, though those are not the primary focus. That said, I very much enjoy the combat and trading aspect, but it does come easier as you get more established. It is the process of becoming established that I think turns so many initial players away.The game starts you off with very blessed little to begin with, other than a book of tips that you can sell for some much needed cash. I very much felt like a struggling captain attempting to eke out a living and a place in an uncaring and darkened void. Again, this can easily be a turn off to players who are wanting a power play game or one in which the story is driven forward regardless of choices and actions. From the get-go, Sunless Sea made me work for what I wanted. To be honest, I wondered about whether I was doing the right thing or if I should start over from scratch. It was these hardships and questions that truly began to build my utter appreciation for the game. To reiterate: I felt like a helpless captain, questioning his choice to set sail. I struggled with how far to venture, especially as resources were scarce early on (a pivotal point of the game being resource management). I kept to certain routes and ports which I knew were safe. Eventually however, I came to a crossroads in which I had to choose to stagnate or press outwards. Obviously, I pressed on, and came to many new ports, stories, and struggles, each one a new opportunity for something engaging, thrilling, or even dangerous. It was this story-driven, choice-balancing, and ultimately life-imitating work of art that got its nets over me, hooks in me, and dragged me down to the depths.This is all to say that I loved and continue to love this game. I eagerly await new stories and the expansion pack due out soon. That also said, this game isn't for everyone, and eventually, as with all things, it can get stale. I myself took a break from it for a few months, but eventually returned to continue on for some reason or another. The magical part is that, while I have seen what I would call the vast majority of the story content, upon my return to the game, I found myself experiencing just a few storylets I had *never* seen before.If you are feeling particulary narrative hungry, while still challenging yourself to a harder-than-average starting learning curve, this game is most assuredly for you. Just be aware that this game is very much what you make of it. Put yourself into the game as the captain. Don't just play, experience.*Edited for spelling.Edit after the release and play of Zubmariner:This is an addendum and late addition to Sunless Sea: Zubmariner (especially since, as I write this, Sunless Skies is in Early Access on Steam). Zubmariner absolutely added a ton of new content, and further, the fantastic folks at Failbetter even continued to add in the Kickstarter backer stories that had been exclusive for so long. Zubmariner doesn't change too much about my previous review content, other than adding a ton of new enemies, entirely new content ports, and some wonderful stories to sink in to. I would definitely have to recommend Zubmariner as a great content update. Rather than view it as all of the trite DLC that usually happens with games nowadays, think of this as an old-school expansion that actually adds great content and a whole other level of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,304650,14439816,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,skyknyt,"This game has amazing mood. It's got great writing. The idea of trawling a black, underground ocean is compelling and fascinating. But I can't recommend it. Why?The actual gameplay is boring, repetitive, and simple. You will be doing the same routes repeatedly for tiny profit margins for hours until you can afford the most minor of upgrades. I have to impress the hours part. Unless you look at the wiki for money exploits, you will spend literally hours trawling back and forth in a very slow ship. You won't be in a ton of danger unless you didn't buy enough food or fuel.In short, if you've been tempted in by comparisons to FTL, turn around now. This game is not a fast paced roguelike ship sim like FTL. If I had to compare it to any game, I'd probably pick Ambrosia's Escape Velocity (1996), which had a similar slow burn price for entry.Anyway, if you heard all that and you still want in: welcome to the club, it's moody and interesting. I just feel like players entering this game are being done a disservice by comparisons to other roguelikes, like FTL, when it is nothing of the sort."
,Recommended,304650,32378876,Posted: 12 June,all,chickenfeatherz,"I enjoyed this game but I want to stress just how much this game tries to focus the game around ambience and writing instead of gameplay. Gameplay-wise, the Sunless Sea is terrible. The game highly devolves into chance, tedious sailing and the occasional monster or boat fight. So, why did I like the game? Because Sunless Sea excels at taking me out of my comfort zone. Just when I thought I had found a way to make consistent echo to start preparing for large voyages, a port would suddenly change, forcing me to change my trade/exploration route. I soon realized I had to take risks to make sailing profitable...and those risks were not a simple coin flip. The risks were sailing into unexplored territories, crossing my fingers for a new port to get additional echos and fuel from, and running into a monster with 4 to 5 times my health. The whole experience is exactly how I feel an HP Lovecraft type game should make you feel.I stopped playing the game as soon as ""mastered"" the game. I finally found a way to make a ton of echoes and kill every beast that came my way without having any worry. The ending of this game is simply mastering the sea and retiring from that accomplishment. Give it a try if you don't mind failing."
,Recommended,304650,15172244,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,alexMIGHTY,"After sailing around for an hour or so, killing some huge crabs and collecting some reports from new islands I had discovered, I was running low on fuel and supplies. The game reminded me of this with a prompt titled ""Desperate Measures,"" so I was left with little choices on the matter.I tried to use my last two boxes of supplies in a vain attempt to desperately scrape together some fuel so I could reach the port of Fallen London -- I failed. Now I was faced with the problem of starvation, on top of the whole fuel fiasco.Fear was setting in, as was hunger, fuel was low, as was hope, so I decided to beseech the gods of the Unter-Zee for help, and help they did. I was, for lack of a better word, teleported to some kind of temple dedicated to the gods, and that was where things went from bad to worse.This temple couldn't be further away from Fallen London, and therefore aid, than I could have gotten on my own. So I decided to beseech the gods again, this time my pleading went unanswered, a cruel cold-shoulder delivered to an ingrateful neophyte. The only purpose my inane begging to a higher power served was to unsettle my crew and drive us all to the brink of sanity.So I abandoned ship and we all died, lol. 11/10."
,Recommended,304650,25522861,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,The Prixie,Wait to play this game until you have quiet time where you can turn your headphones up and ignore life around you and you will feel the full effect of The Sunless Sea.
76561198120632907,Recommended,304650,32459239,Posted: 15 June,all,Bob & Weave,"Sunless SeaPros:+ Lots of Content+ Very Interestings Stories and Secrets to Uncover+ Large Map+ Great Lore+ Cool Idea+ Choices Choices ChoicesCons:(Might Not Be Cons For Everyone)- Very Slow Paced- Very Unforgiving- Inventory Management- If you hate reading... Just click ''not interested'' and move alongReviewI have mixed feelings about Sunless Sea. I look back at the time I played and remember all the cool stories and things I did in the game, but then I remember the many frustrations in the game. Let me say that this game is very well made, and I believe it is exactly made how the people wanted it to be. Trust me, there are some extremely, outside the box, creative people who made this game. Some of the stories are so interesting and mysterious that you wish there was a whole movie made about them. The problem is that if you are a person who hates slow paced games then this will drive you crazy. Personally, I don't mind a slow paced game, but I am a slow reader so the game was even more slow paced. The inventory space was enough to drive a person crazy, especially at the beginning. This game rubs me the wrong way, but also has some of the best stories I have ever read. Recommended if it's on sale and if you like to read.This was Curated for PC Beta Gaming if you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG#curationOnce we have a 100 followers on our group there will be a game giveaway, but only the followers have a chance to win.If you liked this review please give it a thumbs up. This review is just my opinion, and if you disliked it or thought I could have done something better please leave a comment. Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120632907/recommended/?p=1"
76561197998050549,Recommended,304650,14364690,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,frank,"A great game--refreshing and different enough that I'm compelled to write my first review. I've done sort of headings in caps, to guide you through. It's thematic.NOT A ROGUE-LIKEFirst up, let me say: I think terming it a rogue-like is misleading. ""Rogue-like"" (to me) implies a game with randomness and a subsequent emphasis on improvisation at its core, whereas SS is really about storytelling and (perhaps most of all) atmosphere. I love rogue-likes (Spelunky and FTL, for instance, are tops), but that's not really what this is. AFAIK, the only randomness is the placement of the islands. Also, I think if anyone ever creates a good random story generator they will become insanely rich.REALLY WHAT THIS ISI'd say SS is really a throwback to games like Elite or, more closely, something like (fire up Google) Star Saga--games all about exploration and what-happens-when-I-do-this. It's basically a great world and story on drip-feed, whereby the text-based interactions (and, dare I say, the real fun and excitement) are spread out by the forced need to sail the sea (sorry, Zee) and get the resources necessary to progress.BUT I DO LIKE THE ZEEHaving said that, I'm more than happy to be forced to sail the sea. The graphics and the (especially excellent) soundtrack create a cracking atmosphere, and I find myself getting sucked in to the sense of romance and horror, of threat and adventure, even though after my initial explorations I'm basically just pointing my ship at the next port and sitting back as it chugs slowly along.HOWEVER...However, this is where I foresee some people getting frustrated. There's not much ""game"" to the sailing, not really. Combat is basic, and usually unnecessary. All the enemies I've encountered can be trivially avoided, and going from port to port is, as I mentioned, quite slow (although you can upgrade engines/change ships eventually). But having said that, I really enjoy planning out my routes--working out where to restock on fuel/supplies, thinking how I'll manage terror and cargo space--it really adds to the sense of being a true Zailor.VERDICTLike I said at the top, it's great. But it's not a challenging game. People complaining about grinding are doing it wrong, IMHO. Go, strike out, explore the darkness! Take some risky decisions! I did, and look at me now.FOR THE RECORDSo you know: I'm on my second captain; I have uncovered basically the entire map; I am still in the starting ship with its starting engines."
76561198018098785,Not Recommended,304650,14752372,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,malditos putardos,"It is quite something that, while I think it is one of the most original and interesting game releases around, I have to recommend against it.Sunless Sea, as a story to be unraveled and explored, it is fantastic. It packs a great amount of literary content (and I do mean by ""literary"" given how many words this has), solid worldbuilding and the constant feeling of ""there is much more in the background"", thanks to how the lore is revealed to you: snippets, fragments and bits that by themselves may seem quirky, odd or totally alien, but as you go around and learn, a bigger picture starts to form. Exploring the mysteries of the Neath and the Unterzee while avoiding whatever unknown terror of the depths, the dread of hunger, the lack of critical fuel or even the very wrath of strange gods isatmospheric, to say the least.If only this was an interactive fiction, though.Sunless Sea, however, is a game. While story and ambience are clearly paramount in this, the ""game"" part is, well, not good enough. Since you need to engage with the game in order to explore the story, it suffers due to bad gameplay: once the novelty is gone, you will be instinctively drawn to keep your beaten old steamer around the familiar routes of Fallen London and try to grind some measure of resources to make sure you can survive your next journeys. Sunless Sea makes very clear, from the beginning, that it wants you to take chances and explore - but when you have lost a few captains and you are generally aware of how things work, you realize how woefully lacking is the earliest part of the game and how much of a slog it is to make a modicum of improvement.(This doesn't get any better even after that.)Which brings to the problem. The game's economy is focused on the three critical resources: hunger, fuel and terror. Managing all three may seem like a juggler's act, but a few tries here and there will give you the hang of things. Echoes, the currency proper, is the solution to the balancing act. You can afford a better engine, which makes journeys faster; better weapons, which makes you able to fight whatever the zee throws at you; a better ship, which makes everything more useful. Because of that, players quickly realize that they need cash early on to overcome the slog.And, of course, you start to grind. Because you are grinding, you are not exploring. Because you are not exploring, the game loses its charm and effect FAST. But you need to cash in order to explore without being an awful drag. Of course, given how things work and the very orientation Failbetter wants for Sunless Sea, they quickly took care of the means to make money that were seen as ""gamey"" (see ""The Sunlight Trade"" if you are curious).Sunless Sea is very original and has a lot of entertaining stuff, packed to the brim with lore of their setting (which comes from Fallen London) and the siren's call of a big, unknown Unterzee beckons and dares you to explore all of it. However, the sluggish, dragging-by-its-feet gameplay, an extremely repetitive early game (again: once the novelty wears off) that quickly becomes plain boring and a lack of alternative means to allow its players to justsucceedmeans that is not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,304650,29330459,Posted: 17 January,all,Swordykins,"Curious game. The soundtrack of the video above whilst I write this review reminds me of late nights sitting at my computer with the lights off and sailing the Unterzee. The dialogue and storytelling are top notch. It does a very good job of pulling the new player in and immersing them in the world.I have an issue though.The ""early game"" lasts way too long and my worry is that 99% of players won't ever view 50% of the content. This game is challengingly inaccessible, like a sunken chest, hidden under goo, tentacles and rock. With patience and caution, it's very possible to grind (and lets be honest, it is a grind once you start skipping dialogue you've read 10 times before) to a better ship, engine etc. But that road is simply too long for the average player.And why is the item system so mechanical and rigid? Everything has to be an item and this personally left a bad taste in my mouth. Whilst you're being immersed in the foggy tales of the zee, you don't want to be worrying whether you've collected (2 x tale of terror) or (8 x mushroom). For me, this put my mind into resource management mode and ruined the immersion of the story.Overall, I can't reccommend the game at £14 as it is currently. Pick it up on a sale for a literary treat."
,Recommended,304650,14165623,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Swtich,"I've sunk way too many hours into this game (and way too many ships). I bought it a month or so ago when it had much less content and was much easier and I couldn't put it down. I would prattle on to my friends about Compulsion (the ridiculous engine that eats fuel and makes you speed across the zee), the rejected marriage proposal I made to the Deviless (she thought I was joking! I gave her my soul, even!), the Pull of Nuncio, the Principles or Coral, the best way to get Searing Enigmas, the mysteries of Station III, the riddle of Visage, the frustration of dealing with the Khanate...I would stay up late reading excerpts of the amazing prose to my boyfriend and both of us were absolutely rapt with attention and immersion into the world of Fallen London. Watching the stories connect with each other and the gating system of content (Something Awaits You means you must spend some time at zee before unlocking more stories or events) keeping me on the edge of my seat...This game has consumed my life and my attention. I love the concept and mechanics offered by using information as inventory items. I love opening the game to see the ""New Stories Available!"" button lit up and being excited for more of the amazing artwork and prose being available.In the past while, the game has been being balanced as it prepares for release. It's made the game MUCH harder. Things I took for granted in the past: ""I can take out this 210-point-hull with torpedos and crazy weapons with my 75-hull one-gun starter ship, no problem!"" or ""a risky challenge? ah, whatever, it's just crew/hull/terror/supplies/fuel!"" or ""my engines only explode SOME of the time..."" or ""psch, curses? whaaaatever"" are now HOLY CRAP BAD. Needless to say, I've restarted the game a few times lately as the reality of the harshness of the zee has dawned on me.Basically, if you have an appreciation for story, this game is (name an addictive substance). If you're like me, you'll lose yourself in it and you'll love every minute of it and you'll chortle whenever someone talks about wells and you'll wake up in the morning, look at the sun, and have a voice in the back of your head saying ""REJECT THE DAWN MACHINE.""If you're like me, you'll love it so much you'll want to create a d20 campaign based on the universe, you'll want to get a tattoo of a letter of the Correspondance (Don't do this. Seriously. Bad things will happen.). You'll have dreams about the Sundered Sea (the wicket calls), of finally completing the Neathbow or of what lies north. You'll spend time explaining the impossible colours of the Neath as you use words like gant and viric in daily conversation. You'll talk about Maybe's Daughter or the Brisk Campaigner or the Haunted Doctor or even Phoebe and speak of the conversations you've had with each of them over dinner, because you know what brought them to zee and you want to help them even if it means losing them in the process.So, yes, highly recommended. Lose yourself in this game. The world is amazing. I've never been so proud to have spent so much time with a game."
,Recommended,304650,25683344,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Calmerthnyouare,"Sunless Sea came out of the blue last year and dominated my gaming time for months. 300+ hours and a dozen or so captains later, I've finished the game in every way possible, done every sidequest, went down every story branch I could find, fought off not one but two mutinies, and escorted hundreds of hapless zailors to hundreds of gristly deaths. The world is dark and wonderful. The writing is, without hyperbole, some of the best I've ever seen in games. Never in a hundred years would I have thought that a game consisting almost exclusively of fetch quests could be this engrossing."
76561197970299895,Recommended,304650,15271383,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Yingtai,"I know exactly why I love this game, and it mostly just boils down to stoking imagination. If I had to take a step back and think about the bigger picture, I would attribute that success to these qualities:Text placed along single pictures that barely represent a person or place, letting our minds fill in the restAreas with names but no descriptions (essentially places with no point but infinite possibility)Choose your own adventure style questions with no backsies, many posed through actual dialogueNo main story, everything is tertiary and yet also essentialAn in-game presence so that each journey still feels substantial, weighted appropriately by time and riskI have never been so smitten with a game, and if the above traits are not enough to make that point, consider that it also manages to blend meaningfully rich text with brilliantly haunting music in a setting that oozes inspiration. Give the game time to sink into your bones. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,304650,23514870,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Cinnamon Bear,"I'm recommending this game, but it should be said that this game is not for everyone. This game is, at its core, an interactive story. Explore, discover stories, and start pursuing or advancing stories that you find interesting. You earn the most money not by trading, but by exploring and seeing stories through to their end. You will die, but the next captain in your lineage will be in a better place. Don't be alarmed. All shall be well and all manner of thing shall be well.I've played this through a number of iterations, from Early Access to Release, and coming back to it again recently, I'm very pleased to discover how much more forgiving (within reason) the game is. Its much easier to get on your feet, and more stories have been added throughout the game. It is still not an easy game, be warned.The writing is excellent, as one would expect from the Fallen London team. The world they've built is fantastic, and the payoff as you slowly piece together the mysteries is one of the best aspects of both Sunless Sea and Fallen London. It can sometimes be overwhelming, but the moments of clarity when the pieces fall together are worth it."
76561198052158174,Not Recommended,304650,18785158,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Demiser of D,"This game has some of the most flawless, dark, and interesting writing of any game I've ever played. Through the writing alone, it drew me into its world and ate me whole.The problem is, that's all it has. Combat is rudimentary, even at advanced stages of play, and never really changes, and the economic system is an economist's worst nightmare.The standard unit of currency is the Echo, but it's almost never actually used ;some items are bought for entirely different items, most items are only sold and never bought, and many items can only be acquired in one location. You'd think that having such a small supply pool would make for great profits, no? Actually, no. You generally make something like a 10% profit on any particular commodity; that's BEFORE you account for fuel costs, supply costs, the cost of keeping Terror down, and the chance you'll get randomly attacked by a Lifeberg or have a stalagtite fall on your ship or any number of other terrible things that can happen purely at random.But there you go; you've made a dozen trading trips, accumulated a tidy thousand echoes; you can now afford a 20% increase in engine power and a weapon that does 4 extra damage. Congratulations, for all your effort, you've achieved nothing.Not even the quests you can get are particularly effective, as they tend to reward you in strange, symbolic ways, or with stat increases that help you succeed at further quests that give further stat increases; I kid you not, one sequence of quests is simply a check against a stat, a roll of a die, and if you win, it increases that stat and gives you a few echoes. Then you do it again, with a slightly higher skill requirement (handily provided by the last quest!)But none of the quests are good for the progression of your character; the best quest will maybe give you 500 echoes, after you sell off all the strange and bizarre items it rewards you with - of course, after you pay for the fuel, supplies, and crew that you've lost finishing that quest, you'll be lucky to come out in the black at all.This ultimately results in a game with a massive quantity of theoretical content, with more advanced ships, equipment, and weapons, but with almost no way to actually get them. Even worse, there is almost no reward *for* getting them, other than the ability to do the same things you've already been doing to get them in the first place slightly better. For example, there is an enemy called a Lifeberg. It is fast, deadly, and has a large pool of health, and when killed, rewards the player with upwards of 300e of supplies and fuel. In order to kill it, you need roughly 20000e of equipment. Equipment you will hardly need for anything else in the entirety of the game.In the end, it plays, not like a game, but like a book, with the pages scattered across the metropolitian museum of art. The first time across, it's beautiful. The 8th time across, you see something you never saw before. But by the 50th time across, you just look forwards to the 500 pages ahead in despair."
,Recommended,304650,16050174,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Pointnclickster,"If I wait until I exhaust all the possible scenarios Sunless Sea has to offer before I write my review.....there will never be a review. I love love love this game. Imagine a Victorian Steampunk world with a heavy dose of Lovecraftian goodness and a Choose Your Own Adventure style of playing, and you get SUNLESS SEA!First the positives. There is absolutely tons of material. Readers will love this game because there are so many stories and it would be impossible to cover them all with one captain. You give your captain a history and profession, and depending on what you choose will determine your crew and your stats. You then head out into the black sea to explore and discover. You can either choose to find your father's bones, amass a lot of sea stories for a book, or retire wealthy in your seaside mansion. While you are pursuing your goals, there is also your crew members. Like in Mass Effect, they have interesting side missions and also help boost your stats. There is also the romance option. The music in this game is very original and is enjoyable to listen to as you play.Now for the potential negatives (for me this game is almost perfect). This game is not for everyone, and I would be lying if I said that I didn't see how other people couldn't adore this game as much as I do. First of all, don't play this when you are tired. Since you have to read everything, you need to be awake and alert, or the game can come off as boring. Also, there are no cut scenes, voice overs, or AAA graphics. If any of these things turn you off, do not invest in this game. You will die A LOT. But that is okay because you are supposed to. With each captain you learn more about the harsh world you are playing in and your strategy improves. However, many will probably not like having to die a lot to achieve headway.For me, this game is highly enjoyable. It may not be for everyone, but for those who love stories and a steam punk Victorian setting, it is a gem. If you are wondering whether this game is for you, check out the game Fallen London done by Failbetter Games. It is free and it gives one a good idea of the gameplay storywise. I look forward to many many more hours of exploration and new stories."
,Recommended,304650,30024678,Posted: 18 February,all,GG SHITCITY SHE LIVED TO LEVEL 2,"It seems like a lot of people have bought this game assuming it was a naval combat simulator, or a naval trading simulator. I have around 60 hours in the game, most of it not on this steam account, so I want to make sure you know what you might be getting into.Let me try to avert these expectations. This is a glorified text adventure game, and I mean glorified in a non-sarcastic way. It really is glorious how the graphics and sounds accompanying the text can add to it. It's a novel that unfolds as you play. The sailing mechanics are quite fun (Except for the grind, more on that later), but they are NOT the main draw. The main draw is the incredibly pretty prose.Losing can be fun in this game, but unlike what the description seems to be pushing a little to far, the main draw is also not the difficulty. It is exploration. Do you like the idea of exploring a town where no one has a permanent identity? Do you like the idea of sailing off the edge of the map to an abstract fever dream? Would you have fun learning about a city where people willingly give up certain emotions, and then deciding whether to join them?Sunless Sea is not about the sea. It's about the atmosphere, and it's about the feeling of learning secrets of the world around you. It's about being able to look back and think on how many stories you've seen, and the pride you can feel having learned so many things. The combat and trading is to supplement this.Now, there is one problem with this game I wholeheartedly agree with! The grind. Oh lord the grind. Take my advice. Make sure you have self control, get cheat engine, and when you think to yourself ""Oh my god this trade rout is so boring I want to go to that one island but I don't have the money and it sucks. I'm gonna do something else and not touch this game."", you cheat in the fuel you need. The grind has a deadly effect on the playability of this game.You will think ""I'm taking a break"", and then when you see the game in your library, you will think ""That takes so much investment to get what I want, there are other games that respect my time more.""And then you will never play it again. That happened to me. I got the game, put 7 hours in it, and then I kept meaning to get back to it but never did until a year and a half later. Then I got cheat engine, and used it just slightly to get past that point where I was frustrated to quitting, and it swiftly became one of my favorite games. Ever.Zubmariner is really good too."
76561197982630533,Not Recommended,304650,14157630,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Stromko,"The prose is wonderful the first time you read it, maybe even the second, but the seventh time all that noodly speak is just irritating. This kind of slow, atmospheric game is pretty much the worst choice for a rogue-like, especially as the static content grows stale very old no matter how much they have of it.The game play itself is fairly compelling, but until you learn all the secrets of the Unterzee you won't be able to get far. Once you know it well, the sense of discovery will be gone and you won't care. It's a whole lot of quality and good design that amounts to an infuriating waste of time in its present form."
,Recommended,304650,29683815,Posted: 3 February,all,Luisfius,"The trailer lies.If it didnt, the game would be considerably more atmospheric.It does not print out the log entries in the map when you get them. Only in the actual small text log.That is annoying. And that was one of the things that sold me on the game  from the trailer.Or at least it did not last time I played, which was a while ago.Still. It is an interesting game with a neat setting, shared with Fallen London.Worth playing, yes. But it is better if you cheat the resources and just go exploring the stories.It is held back by the gameplay and the grindy flow. The text adventures and stories are FANTASTIC.The combat ain't too terrible, either.But removing the need of actually managing  resources made it a better game for me.Still, kind of sad that in my experience, it does not print the text in the map. The trailer when they get to the DAWN MACHINE is extremely good.If only the game also did that."
76561198052272449,Recommended,304650,14399948,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Gregor Eisenhorn,"I waited a long time for this game for its full release. I refused to buy it until it was finished and for once, a game that has been in early access for quite some time, delivers.Right off the bat, to give you a good idea of what the game is about, lets talk about pros, cons, and what you'll be doing during the game.The GameYou make a small Background for your character, a ""Zailor"" in the wide and sinister underground vault known as the ""unterzee"". You hometown is Fallen London, the only safe-ish port to which you will periodically return to manage your posessions, trade, rest and recover your mental sanity.The game itself consists in going around on your boat, with your officials and crew, facing the countless dangers of the pitch black unterzee, establishing relationships, managing fuel and food, trading, fighting monsters and doing quests (often very creepy stuff), all trying not to get mad and start murdering (or eating) people.PROS-Fantastic, sinister and immersive setting-Lengthy and detailed writing with lots of plots and mysteries-Challenging. You have to earn secrets, rewards, discoveries through risks and strategy.-Good longevity-Really really unforgiving. In the age of super simplified games, with bright luminous arrows pointing in the direction you have to go, the old ""you're on your own"" is a breath of fresh air.CONS (but not really)-Very time consuming. It is not a bad thing, strictly speaking, but you usually tend to get carried away... time flies.-It necessarely requires a good amount of trial and error, meaning that at the beginning of the game you inevitably fail a lot of challenges, find yourself invery bad situations before you realize it and so on.Give it a try if you like roguelike games, Lovecraft, and reading.8.5/10"
,Recommended,304650,32656090,Posted: 22 June,all,Aromasin,"Don't buy this game thinking you'll get fantastic or exciting gameplay. It's not that type of game. You'll get some crazy stuff happen now and again, but the beauty of the game is in the art, music and most importantly, the writing. This game is basically an interatctive, visual novel. If you go through and read all the stories, the lore and the background, this game with give you hours upon hours of entertainment. There is no real 'goal' and in a roguelike fashion, it's alright to die. Your gear pases on to your next character. And you will die. A lot. Only after 8 or 9 deaths will you get an idea of how far you can go with how much fuel and supplies, and even then, random events can occur that can kill you there and then.The writing is incredible. Like, I can't state if enough. I've been absorbed hours on end. It's a masterpiece of world-building, and if you like steampunk you'll love this.9/10"
,Recommended,304650,25548293,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CyberWing89,"This is a GREAT game. If you're ok with reading a bunch of text, and if you're a sucker for mysteries, this game is definitely for you.Start with reading through the tutorial book. It might seem long after a couple pages, but keep reading and you'll want more. Way more. That's your ticket to Sunless Sea.The game has a horror theme to it, and while it might generally not be scary (with a possible few exeptions, depending on the player), there's suspense, places that send chills down your spine, a generall creepiness and most importantly: the unknown.There is a ""Merciful"" mode that lets you save and load manually, (the normal mode relies solely on auto-saves) but I would STRONGLY RECOMMEND AGAINST IT! It might be tempting, but ultimately it is a bad thing, in more ways than one. You might be thinking ""If I mess up, that's a good thing, right?"". NO! Because if you mess up (especially if it's your first couple of captains) you've probably messed up WAY before you noticed it, maybe even from the start.The best way of playing this game is definitely in the standard mode. When (yes, when) your captain dies, your next captain inherits something from you previous one (you can choose what that is) and most importantly, even if the game seemingly starts over, the sea layout is re-randomized, and such, you still have a very important thing: Knowledge. Knowledge of what happend to your previous captain, what you discovered with him/her and how they perished, to name a few things. All of which are very important for making your next captain have a better journey, and get closer to his/her goal (the goal you set for your captain determines what you have to do to ""win"" the game and are exclusive to each captain, meaning new captain, start over). You may think that starting over like this would simply be like staring over any other game, such as making an alt character, but it's not. The game continues, in a sece, because of the above stated reasons.Now, may you have fortune in your voyage at the unterzee."
76561197997475375,Recommended,304650,25906315,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Old Gus,"Day 153The crew feels we have been away from London for too long.  I am starting to feel the same.  Harry says our food stocks are running low.  Johnson says the same for our fuel.  Gilbert says we will get an extra two days of travel if we turn off the lights, but this far away from land, it would cause serious concerns.  Eric is keeping the engine well-maintained, at least, and Patricia says our stock of rum will keep the crew happy for now.  Sly, Moist, Carrot and Tom are growing nervous, however, looking out over the gunwales, eyes following invisible beings out of sight.  Will continue looking for land, and take advantage of the nearest port.As captain, it is my responsibility to get all 10 of us home.Day 155Tom spotted lights on the horizon, a shoreline!  We are heading for them with all haste.  If it is a habitable port, we will stock up and put aside time for shore leave.Day 156It was a port, but no town nearby.  We still took advantage of shore leave to relax and stock up on food, finding much fruit.  We had to throw away the berries though, as upon tasting them, Sly turned purple and fell to the ground in spasms.    Patricia kept us from losing him, but only just barely.  He is recovering in his bunk now.  This still does not solve our problem of fuel, but a note near the port hints at a dock due west by southwest.Day 157Our Zubat spotted the dock.  Abandoned, no people, or animals, or anything in sight.  Still, there were drums out by the dock, some half full.  Enough for three days' travel.  Sly has recovered enough to work again, much to the improved morale of the crew.  We will continue due south.Day 163First sighting of land in days.  Heading east.Day 164I will recommend avoiding this land in the future.  Sly led Tom and Moist ashore searching for supplies and trade goods.  Only Moist returned.  While he carried some artifacts that will be useful for trade in London, he was covered in scratches and bites, raving about rats.  Some rats.  The only other words he said were ""Down to the bone"" again and again.Day 167Better luck.  We landed in a port.  Ashore we learned that the artifacts were greatly valued by locals on a nearby island.  The people in port gladly traded us the artifacts for enough food and rum to get us home.  No fuel though....Day 168Out of port.  Out of sight of land.  Out of fuel.  Out of that food the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s gave us.  Or might as well be.  We opened the crates to find nothing but pickled mushrooms.  At least the rum is good, though.Day 170The crew is getting desperate.  How desperate?  We are considering eating the pickled mushrooms.  Patricia has advised against it, but with no food, we can't get any other provisions.  For Sly, Carrot, and Johnson though, any food is good enough.That said, me too.Day ???My shoes are too big for my hands.  The fish colonize the north tobacco inlands.  Pretty colors are dancing in the sky.  Language fails to convey meaning.  I count my fingers to stay sane.  I stopped at 1250.Day 178?Patricia tells me the mushrooms have worn off.  I was the last one to recover.  Not surprising considering how hungry I was.  I ask Patricia how the crew faired this storm, but she only continued with her downcast eyes.  Harry, Gilbert, Johnson, everyone was silent about how they maintained sanity and staved off hunger during the long nights.  Carrot and Eric weren't so much silent as unavailable for comment.  A small ceremony was held.Day 187My right hand still looks bigger than my left, but things are progressing normally.  Or rather, not progressing normally.I have come to terms with how we survived my week under the influence of the mushrooms.  We have since banned all fungi from the menu.  Plenty of meat lately, though.  Blue tells me there is nothing to worry about.  Patricia too.Day 190We decided to try some fishing.  Just took some of the meat left over that was causing a stink, and dropped it on lines into the zee.  We dragged up a great blind eel, hoping for a whale to get more fuel from.  The meat is too poisonous to eat, so one problem will remain unsolved.  The crew is trying to render the fat from the meat into a usable fuel now.Day 191Patricia says that we are ready to test now.  A quick prayer to Salt, and the hope for the blessings of Eric.  The fuel is a mixture of eel fat and rum.  Hopefully this time tomorrow, our food and fuel problems will both be solved.Day 192The fire was tremendous.  On second thought from what Eric had told me in the past, the engine relies on a very specific mixture of fuel that when off can lead to massive explosions, or massive fires.  Luckily, we only lost Carrot when the engine room caught fire.Tonight's meat ration was sweeter than I expected.Day 197Pirates!  Glorious Pirates!  We sat in the water until they though our ship completely empty, then overpowered them as they boarded.  We lost Patricia... Poor Patricia.Rather, poor us.  With one woman on board before, we all had a chance for relief.  Now, our best hope is... something no one will discuss.For now though, food and fuel!Day 206East was not the right direction.  We are turning around.Day 217The eye!  An evil eye follows me every night!  I can't sleep with it watching me!Day 220The eye is gone!  I saw it in my dreams.  Suddenly, my mouth opened as if my head were on a hinge, snapping shut over the eye.  And then, the dreams disappeared.Gilbert turns away everytime I walk on deck now, but Blue and Fluffy say not to worry.  Harry cooked another great dish tonight.Day 222Times are desperate.  Harry and I carved oars so we would get some movement through the zee.  Gilbert remains silent.  Sly puts in his time aloft now, only.  Blue, Fluffy and Rascal say not to worry.Day 240We are moving slowly to home.  No engine, no food.  Just our arms, and our hope for rescue or salvation.  We checked on Sly today, Yeltzen and I.  He was still in his seat aloft, but not moving, not breathing.  Gilbert dislikes Harry's cooking now.Day 256We can just barely make out the lights of home now.  If we push though the night, we just might make it.  I tell Blue, Fluffy, Rascal and Yeltzen to stay below decks to work on the engine.  Meanwhile, Gilbert, Harry and I row like the devil's on our tail.Day 257Damned rats!  No closer to home, and they take Gilbert from us too!  Well, we still have Gilbert with us.  Just not living.I guess he will live in me, Harry, Fluffy, Blue, Rascal, Yeltzen and Ivan now.Day 264A lucky break!  Charging down on us, a crab met the quick wits, and much quicker guns of me and Fluffy.  Harry and Blue dragged it aboard and cooked it up.  A great feast was enjoyed, with much smoked for later.  Unsure how long it will last, though, with three weeks' travel at least by oar between us and London.  At least we still have some mushroom left, Yeltzen reminds me.Day 279Harry tells me that the crab is gone.  We are halfway to home, running on muscle power, and out of fuel.  Food too.  Same thing.  Blue is getting anxious.  He and Yeltzen, Fluffy and Ivan, and Rascal too.  They tell me we must go on, but we need food most.  Cathy reminds me of the mushrooms.  I mention this to Harry, and he agrees that as long as half the crew refrains from eating them at a time, they should be able to control the other half.  It is our only chance.Day 432After several months in hospital, the doctors tell me I can return.  To the zee, no, but to my family, yes.  I dare not tell my boy what happened to Uncle Harry and Carrot, nor anyone else.  It will all be a secret between me and Ivan.What will your story be?"
76561198132473019,Not Recommended,304650,29911805,Posted: 13 February,all,Raiden,"Opening statement: This game is not for me, the community has made that abundently clear.This game is a niche, if you are part of the niche you will fall in love with the game, as much as anyone can fall in love with a slow burning psychological horror, where the primary engagement is its stories.If you are not part of that niche, the game is an interesting novelty until you find yourself hit with its plentiful cash grinding walls, disconnected stories that exist in vaccums from the rest of the game, and upgrades that cost five times the amount they probably should.Purchase with caution:This is not a bad game, but, unless you are part of the niche that enjoys it, is moderate at best."
,Recommended,304650,32040067,Posted: 29 May,all,Alexis Bjorn,"It's lovely, delicious, and eerily calming.Exploring the mystery of the deeps, going through the depth and breadth of the zee, was just... fun.Fun. It's like I'm a child again, reading jules verne  or tolkien again, not fully understanding everything, but being captured by the words and mystery of the whole thing.There is no ""Central"" plot. You are a captain. Be a captain. You have some end goals to work towards, like a huge house on the rocks, putting your family mystery to rest, becoming immortal, or bringing about the apocalypse. But these are all things you find for yourself. This is a game that encourages wanderlust.It's very satisfying. I can only hope Sunless Skies is just as satisfying."
,Not Recommended,304650,18650597,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Couchstyle,"Sunless sea is a gorgeous and story rich game, but unfortunately that is all it has going for it. Combat is very basic and rare in the game. The game relies more around discovery and resource management, which is initially fun, but then you die. Once you die only a bit of progress from your previous game carries over. This results in a repetitive feel after your first life at zee. The zee is truely gorgeous, but loses its excitement after rediscovering the same islands and ports every playthrough.  It all turns in to a big grind after a while. If you want a better ship expect to wait hours sometimes days. This aspect of the game then conflicts with the lore. It takes me several generations to afford anything cool, and by that point I have read the same stories several times and am just mindlessly clicking most of the time."
76561197993840467,Recommended,304650,32214594,Posted: 5 June,all,cratereus,"You will wave goodbye to the snow child and it will fade into memory.  You will return to your ship and set upon the dark glooming waves of the Sunless Sea.Sunless Sea is a masterpiece.  The writing is superb.  You can fight in the game, but it's not a game about fighting and there's normally not much profit in pursuing it without a reason.  You can trade in the game, but it takes time to establish viable trading routes and  they're mostly a second thought.  You can build up your ship, but you can keep the starting ship the entire time and experience everything just as well.There are stories.  Not wall of text stories that make your eyes bleed.  Short, well crafted, brilliant stories.  Sad, funny, strange, peculiar, and silly stories.  Stories about ending life with style.  Transformative stories.  Stories that are so close to the next day that you only read what they will become when they happen, not as they are happening.I have not played a game for years that compares to this one.  It has muscled its way into my top five all time list of games, and done so deftly and with such subtley that I doubt the other games that it surpasses even realize it."
76561197970735300,Not Recommended,304650,30998743,Posted: 7 April,all,{V|PER},"Sunless Sea had me from hello, which in this game is the creation of your first captain choosing their past and essentially selecting the main quest that you will spend the majority of the game working your way towards its completion. The atmosphere is wonderfully captured and centres around a dystopian Fallen London that is situated underground and surrounded by the unterzee, a vast underground ocean of loneliness with your only real companion being the menace and mayhem you will regularly encounter along the way.The story is captivating, and it sucked me as I mentioned from ‘hello’, combine this with an excellent music score and the combination creates a perfect storm in which to engage the player. And engage it did, the first 30 hours I spent trundling around in my less than perfect starting ship the Ligeia-class Steamer, going from port to port scraping together what echoes (gold) I could to either upgrade my lodgings back in London, or purchase crucial components for my ship and crew to make the trundling less difficult.As the game advises dying is something you should get used to, so at around 45 hours I was horribly mauled by a flock of Blue Prophets (Parrots), I sank to the bottom and my first captain had indeed died. At this point the whole death thing kicks off and you are forced to make some choices for your next captain, which I aptly named after my son.And off I go again, only this time I have the deck mounted gun handed down from my last captain (thanks Dad!), 50% of some their stats and their charter (map), also I managed to buy an apartment. Great! At this point I have great anticipation of what lies ahead, after all death is supposed to be such a part of this game that I assumed things would really start to unfold from here… But sadly this is where Sunless Sea begins to sink to the bottom of the unterzee, slowly, slowly sinking.The game is suffering from a bit of an identity crisis, it doesn’t quite know what it wants to be, is it a roguelike, or is it an RPG? To me at this point I’m quite unaware. But I think it’s just an interactive novel.As I venture out I realise that the gun that I’ve inherited and the minor stat increases are a complete pittance, and not only that but I have to do everything all over again, the world is mostly completely unchanged and seems unaware of any the events of my previous captain. This is my first disappointment as I realise all the grinding of quests and endless port reports I did, now all need to be done again. Everything.So I start to think completion, and focus on the main quests then I have my next realisation, the extent to which I am required to fetch and carry, grind port reports and all of the like just to stay alive is then multiplied by the enormity of the requirements to meet any victory conditions, doubly multiplied by how mind numbingly slow the game is. Add to this that the excellent story writing now starts to become your enemy, and taking any risks as the game encourages you too, becomes a bit of a fools act, doing an event on your first time that ends up killing a number of your crew, then requires you to trundle back to London at a lesser speed than the mind numbingly slow speed from before. And if I were to die like the game advises, just so I could go back and do the story again for a second time just to get it right the next time does not feel roguelike, it feels kind of pointless.I did complete the game and felt some sense of satisfaction, overcoming the odds and all that, but there were so many completely frustrating moments when the story and the juggling act of fuel, supplies and terror all combines and conspires to completely undermine the satisfaction, sense of fun, or believability of the game. Combine this with, and despite what the fans will say, the fact that questline missions are excessively grindy to the point of utter frustration. There is a good game within Sunless Sea, but it becomes so obscured at times that it becomes hard to recognise for all the reasons mentioned.Beyond all this this the journal is very poor, I would often lose information amongst the log book, information that is important is never presented very well. The combat system although satisfying to begin with, you quickly figure out that it has no real tactics.I enjoyed my first 40 hrs, hated the next 40, and didn’t mind the last 6 or so as I completed the main questline, but I was already over the story by this point. The Zubmariner content made things much more bearable mid to late game, without it I think I would have lost all interest and closed the book on Sunless Sea.Based on this whilst the game is entertaining, there is just too many negative moments that ruin the fun, and after all that’s what we’re here for, playing a game should be fun at a basic level and not feel at all like a chore, so I can’t really recommend it.5 out 10Pros:Atmospheric settingExcellent story writingGreat soundtrackCons:Journal\Log book is sub par, information you need is never at hand.Repetitive grind detracts from otherwise excellent stories.Combat is weakGrindy Mcgrind gets tedious, rinsing and repeating port reports over… and over… and over…"
,Recommended,304650,14379500,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kenuty,"This game reminds me of a mix of FTL/Survival/rpgish with a good mix of novel and choices. The artwork and story writing is fantastic in this game. The game features a permadeath mode which is the right way to play as you experience your story and play(merciless is included in case you need it), you'll have to balance between fuel, Terror, Hunger mechanic as well as keeping your hull up you explore the seas to scour what you can to survive. This game is rough and not might be that cup of tea for everyone becuase it isn't action oriented but more novel and yes there is plenty of reading.You can buy a handful of items ranging from fuel,  food. and ship upgrades along with other materials that will unlock certain events and situation when you dock at other harbors to progress in the story. When certain requirements are met you can choose a choice in the story which will benefit you or will completely hinder you. I have died to shipwrecks  by hitting land, from monsters, pushing the engine and causing fires, ran out of food and ate my crew, ran out of fuel and got attacked by other ships, lost crew members due to terror and other events that unfold  as a result of my negligence. Whenever you do die however you are able to bring one thing with you on restart, your map, who you were, or your skills. are to name a fewOverall I thought the choices was really interesting in certain situation , the feeling of accomplishment of making your first few echos which is the game's currency,  and the challenge of surviving and progressing the story.This game isn't everyones cup of tea remember, it is a heavily text game so expect much reading with whatever you do from choices to combat to everything else basically, I can't recommend this game for people that are impatient with reading and it is very good if you do take the time to read. You'll have to anywaysAnyways long story shortPros+ Dark Themed game with good music+ Fun gameplay of choices that will affect you and your crew+ Beautiful artwork+ Phenominal writing+ Choices you can make+ Fantastic story that will leave you thinking. Very dark+ Combat redone to be better than what it was in alpha, before it was a light turn mechanic that look card based, now you actually press button and shoot at the enemies in ze sea.+ If you are a fan of Fallen London you will love this game.cons-  HEAVILY TEXT BASED GAME, if you don't enjoy reading you will hate this game- This game can be a challenge for some, and not a cup of tea for everyone- Jokes can be a bit sophisticated for some people to understand. You either get it or you don't- Game content consists mostly of text and isn't too much on the gameplay itself. The gameplay is flipping through the text to decide your choices etc."
76561197979948240,Recommended,304650,14355346,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sunn brO))),"FTL meets Call of Cthulhu meets Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥ But that doesn't do it justice.Honestly, there are very few games that managed to nail the atmosphere and writing THIS well. RPS might have been on the money when they said it had the ""best words in gaming.""Setting is one of the most realised and original in gaming.The gameplay is a little slow and grindy (especially to start with), but it picks up once you get involved in the quests. Doing a few early milk runs is a great way to get enough echoes to start out.The lore in this reminds me of Dark Souls in a few ways- most of it consists of piecing together fragments and rumors, and most of it is horrifying.Super recommended."
,Recommended,304650,15651535,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jake,"We'd been at zee for a long time, running dark to conserve fuel and avoid the attention of the pirates and great beasts. Despite my best efforts -- spinning tales of comfort for my zailors, brazenly defying Nightmares, even initiating an affair with my engineer -- I'd managed to let my Terror get all the way to 100%. The achievement pops up; ""Lose Your Mind"". This doesn't bode well, but I'm a mere ship's length away from home port, and docking will reduce terror to 50%; a much more manageable level. Surely I can hold out just a little--I'm instantly presented with a choice between murdering my entire crew (with 12% chance of success), or attempting to win them over (9%). Failing either one, I was told, would end my game. I did the only thing I could do, and somehow managed to kill everyone aboard, save two. We made harbor and, with a fresh batch of new faces, set out to zee once more.Time passes.An adventurer whom we've been running jobs for finally announces that he has all of the supplies he needs to make his final journey and I, having proven my capability, am his first choice of transport. There's just one problem...my trusty ship lacks the capacity to hold his cargo with room for food and fuel. We're going to need a bigger boat.I buy a bigger boat and hire on twice again as many zailors as I already have. We load up and set sail, but not before I accept just one more smuggling job from my ""friend"" with the bad eye and the concealed knife. Corsair's Forest? I've been there a dozen times; consider it done.It's not until we're two days out that I realize my new ship has half the speed of my old one, and my triple-size crew are a hungry bunch. We're running low on supplies before we've even reached our initial destination, but we make the drop and start to head home.Then the realization strikes. If we dock in London now, before finishing that smuggling job, I'll have to cough up the fee plus a hefty chunk of interest, not to mention lose a valuable connection...but the nearest trading port is in the opposite direction.It took every scrap of food we had, but we managed to reach Mount Palmerston without resorting to cannibalism...again. We traded with the devils for supplies and loaded up on coke freshly dug from Hell. On our way home we made port at Pigmote isle, where a civilization of guinea pigs threw a banquet in our honor -- their returning saviors, though this time we were the ones in need of saving.After a harrowing encounter with a manic Jillyfleur brought hull integrity to 1%, and a misbehaving Clay Man took five lives before we subdued him, we were desperate for rest and repair. An ill-fortuned shore leave on Gaidur's Mourn pushed Terror to worrying levels, but we had our package. As we pulled out of the port, a straggling pirate ship fired one last shot across our bow -- but the shell missed by an arm's length and we were homeward bound. Two days later, limping into port with a skeleton crew, I breathed a sigh of relief that I'd narrowly escaped losing my mind for the second time in the space of a week. My sweetheart and child welcome me home. I say nothing of the suicides -- surely they were suicides? -- that only I had been privy to. I pass on an uncanny artifact to my son; someday he, too, will be a zee captain, with enough cares of his own. No need to trouble him with details.My friend has another job for me, and the Admiralty has need of news from the outlying colonies. I take a loss on a purchase of a smaller ship, name her after the one I'd traded to begin with. Eighth of my house and 211 days at zee, I sail on."
76561198004866356,Recommended,304650,29107125,Posted: 7 January,all,Ian Magus,"I wish there was a ""conditionally recommend this game"" option, because it's not for everyone.  If you're an impatient player and you like to rush through early content or you instantly go to walkthroughs to speed up your gaming experience, I would not suggest this game at all.  If you hate games that throw a wall of text at you because you don't like games that treat the experience like a ""novel-in-a-game"", don't play this game.  Lastly, if you prefer a very linear storyline and you're incredibly obsessive-compulsive about always choosing the ""best option"", I don't recommend it.  This game is incredibly slow paced with a very lengthy ""early game"" and it is ""Story Rich"", meaning it has highly descriptive paragraphs of text for the majority of the dialogue interactions.  The dialogue is also highly divergent, you'll generally have two or three different options to choose from when confronted with a decision.  There is no voice acting, so if you just skip through all the dialogue hoping to listen rather than read, you'll be completely lost.  There also isn't a lot of direct action, most of the ""action"" takes place in the dialogue, the actual navigation of the map is the only place where action occurs and it's highly repetitive.  The Zubmariner DLC looks to provide a little variety in that area, but the requirements to build a Zubmarine are far out of your reach as a starting player, so you won't get into the DLC very early.  This isn't a ""bad"" game, but there are a lot of aspects that will test your patience, especially if you're new to the game.  Save yourself the hassle and buy something else if these are major setbacks for you in terms of gameplay enjoyment.On the positive side, the game has a great atmosphere for those that like everything dark and spooky.  The dialogue will be highly enjoyable if you're a gamer that prefers games with a deep story.  This game is a ""Choose-Your-Own-Adventure"" type game in terms of the storyline.  The fact that the interactions offer so many different options offers very high replay value.  This seems to be geared towards a certain style of play that actually fully embraces the idea that you're probably going to die before you actually finish your quest.  Dying and starting a new captain gives you a chance to try different story options the next time.  You could play the game all the way through with your original captain, but that will probably require you to play in ""Merciful Mode"" where you can manually save/reload.  Be warned, though, you can't get some of the achievements by playing that way, since a few of them are based around dying repeatedly.The designer's intent for the game is for you to play the game by establishing a ""lineage"" and writing a will for your heir in case you die at sea.  You can also purchase a home and start saving ""heirlooms"" as a nest-egg that your heir can sell to start off with some extra money.  Unfortunately, when you die, you lose all map progress (with one exception if you decide to continue as a certain class) and the entire story resets.  For most of the story options, your choices are final, so if you did something ""wrong"" or want to try a different option, you'll have to get your current captain killed to reset the story and start fresh with new options.You have the ability to inherit stats from your previous captain, but one drawback is that you can only inherit 50% of one stat per captain, so if you're trying to min/max to start a new captain with the highest stats possible every time you die, it's more advantageous to continuously spend points on the same stat and pick the same inheritance type than to spread your points around or to try a different inheritance type each time you die.  Starting base-stat points and bonuses from officers or equipment don't count, so if you're not choosing the most intuitive options when boosting stats or choosing an inheritance type, it's possible to go through five captains without inheriting a single thing.  Unfortunately, without putting points into multiple other stats, you'll fail a large portion of the interactions, as different interactions will check different stats, depending on the challenge.Finally, a large portion of the game involves random events, usually bad ones which have a very real potential of being fatal.  These are very difficult to avoid unless you play the game as slowly and cautiously as possible.  For example, to avoid being obliterated by a large sea monster you're unprepared to deal with, you might have to push the engines full throttle.  Pushing the engines reduces fuel levels even faster and has a chance of causing an explosion.  Explosions always damage the boat and will kill crew members if you fail the interaction check.  If your crew capacity drops below 50%, the engines run at reduced speeds (by varying amounts based on the number of remaining crew).  If your crew capacity reaches zero, your ship sinks and you die.So in the above scenario, you could die by not fleeing fast enough and being killed by a sea monster or enemy ship.  If you had already suffered previous crew losses, you'd already be running at reduced speeds and you would have to push the engines just to be fast enough to escape, but you could die by pushing the engines, causing an explosion, failing the check and losing your remaining crew. If your boat already had significant hull damage, you could die by pushing the engines to escape, passing the check but the guaranteed damage from the explosion reducing hull integrity to zero.  You could survive the failed check but have capacity drop below 50%, slowing your engine speeds and allowing the sea monster to catch up and destroy you (or putting you within range of torpedo fire).You could even come out of all of that unscathed, without an explosion.  However, if your fuel was low and you were far out at sea, burning that extra fuel might push you to run out of gas before you make it to a safe port.  You could decide just to sink right then and there or you could try to wait it out.  Your Terror would continue to rise and eventually that could lead to a mutiny, with the ensuing violence killing you if you fail the check.  You could even run out of fuel but make it to a safe port, only to find the port does not sell fuel or supplies.  You could sacrifice your remaining supplies for extra fuel, but face hunger.  You could remain in port and watch helplessly as your crew continues to eat the remaining supplies.  Either way, you'd reach hunger levels that could initiate mutiny.  You could succeed in the check, surviving at the expense of killing all the mutineers, which would eventually reduce crew to zero, killing you.  So many ways to die...all because you tried to avoid being eaten by a sea monster.If you're really prone to rage-quitting, I'd HIGHLY SUGGEST that you lose out on an achievement and play with the option to manually save/load rather than playing off a single autosave.  To illustrate how unforgiving this game can be in its default mode, I'll illustrate with an example.  I lost a captain due to fuel shortages from saving 7,000 Echoes to upgrade to a new boat but not having any money to pay for extra crew to run the engine at full speed for a pick-up job for the Blind Bruiser that he'd kill me for not completing in one trip.  My heir inherited 50% of my Veils stat.  Didn't inherit the boat, but inherited 50% of my money (which was now at a measly 9 Echoes).  10-15 hours of earning 7,000 Echoes all down the drain.  Oh well, that's life at zea..."
,Recommended,304650,14004001,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cheetodexter,Best book I ever played
,Recommended,304650,14389125,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Demoiselle,"There’s no maternity leave at zee.Okay, maybe that’s not as compelling a tagline as “Lose your mind. Eat your crew,” but my ship captain gave birth at zee and she didn’t eat her crew. Yet. Or her baby, in case you were wondering. She safely deposited it back in her home base of Fallen London, just to be sure. Her sweetheart probably watches over it while she’s off zailing across the Unterzee. …Probably.There’s a lot more to Sunless Sea than popping out babies on your ship. That only happened once, I swear. There are giant crabs, giant jellyfish, giant sharks, giant eels, giant eyeballs, giant pirate ships—all of which are very eager to kill you or at the very least bust up your ship. Leading your ship to sink…and killing you. Okay, maybe I was right the first time.There are also a lot ofwords. Lovely words. Unsettling words. Downright horrifying words. Your ship’s officers have their own stories that you can slowly unravel (or you can ignore them completely, which may not be the best idea), as do the islands you can explore. Many of the islands have their own factions, and currying favor with the residents can lead to benefits for your captain as well as story tidbits. You can also romance some of your officers, if that’s your thing. Hey, when your fuel and supplies are low and it’s even darker than usual and you’re really far away from home, sometimes things justhappen, okay?Sunless Sea is a game that revolves primarily around exploration rather than trading and combat, though those are part of the game as well. Trading and fighting are rarely the most efficient way to make Echoes (the game’s currency), but venturing far from Fallen London and satisfying your curiosity will often be rewarded. Or you’ll die. Repeatedly.Experiencing the beginning of the game as a new ship captain is rough and it may feel frustrating at first, or even like a grind with very little payoff. You will die, possibly in quick succession. There’s permadeath in Sunless Sea, though you can continue your legacy through a Scion if you upgrade your lodgings to at least a townhouse and procure a child somehow—and give it weird stuff until it wants to go off to zee. No amiibos or iPads for your bundle of joy, at least if you want it to grow up to be a proper zeefaring captain like you.However, if you want to stave off death a bit longer and you’re just learning the ropes, you CAN enable manual saves, which makes things considerably easier. Not easy—there is no “easy” in the Unterzee—but it might help you find your zee legs at first.The game itself is beautiful, especially when you look at all the detail in the 2D islands up close or glide through the darkness and notice the waves crash, snow fall, and all sorts of things glow. The music can’t be praised enough, and does a lot to add to the hauntingly beautiful atmosphere (you’ll probably see this word come up in a lot of reviews) of the game. There’s a reason so many people are clamoring for the soundtrack.There’s a free browser game called Fallen London if you want to get a better idea of what the writing and setting are like before buying Sunless Sea, and you can get some bonuses when started a new captain if you’ve played the browser game first and link your accounts.If you like reading and dying, I’d highly recommend Sunless Sea—or even if you only enjoy one of those things."
76561198094191756,Recommended,304650,28286035,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,snakefistahfu,"This would be a short review, but I'll try to be explicit to whom the game will appeal to (and, consequently, not).One line about writing.It is. that. good.Seriously, writing quality is way above anything a game should have. I keep reading small masterpieces again and again, each time they appears.Lovecraftian Pirates--------------------Not a typo :) - the game mechanics are much alike Sid Maiers Pirates - you have a ship which could be upgraded or replaced later, have a crew, fuel and food to keep an eye on. And you sail the Unterzee, doing... something.That 'something' are mini-quests, or larger pieces of story, that you can chose to take or not.The atmosphere is truly remarkable, play in the dark and see! Not being based on actual Mythos, it is Lovecraftian in core, with the unstable protagonist (you/me/us) doing questionable actions and progressing into terror and madness.Who must have it?--------------------I do.Apart from me, players which love horror-themed games and a perfect story.Pen & paper - it is wise do write down events and requirements - some names are not quite intuitative and some parts of the quest are easy to forgot. Write it down - after all, you're zee-captain - shoulda 'ave log, anyway.Go to youtube or wherever and see the gameplay - what you'll see there, you'll get (gameplay-wise - irritating voice-overs completely ruin the atmosphere, so might as well turn the volume down).Who'd been disappointed?----------------------------Players that expect action from combat, rich reward from doing quest and firm and progressing storyline./this is not an action game; rewards from quests are... extremely well written stories, or new story arcs, but not the super-ultra-canon; storyline is open and without visible goal/Players who hate writing anything down./as said, it is wise to/Players dissatisfied with what they seen on youtube (or wherever).What else?-----------Well, a difficulty warning - despite what everyone says, zee-captains don't drop dead all the time - I am playing my 2nd captain (will restart probably because of Zubmariner addon) and there are few nasty places where bad rolls (or very unwise decisions) can kill you - well, I save the game there and that's it. Uncommon sense (game doesn't support 'common').A 2nd captain?----------------There are things I've seen and done, that I regret bitterly. I cut off some ties and made unneeded mistakes. There will be a 3rd captain.This is meant for endgame / replayability info. While endgame could be better, replayability is there - one can play a game at least couple of times, doing things differently.Zubmariner?-------------An add-on, that adds more of the same. And more of the similar. I like it. Try the game first and if you like it, buy Zubmariner also. If you don't like core game, there's little chance that add-on will change it..."
,Recommended,304650,15199333,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Luke or Han?A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, (or more accurately, about 30 years ago right here on Earth) there was a burning question being asked in playgrounds across the lands.Would you rather be Han Solo or Luke Skywalker?This wasn’t a question to be answered lightly; there were pros and cons to both choices.Use the Force?Luke was a Jedi Knight, you’d get to use the force, and you’d get a light sabre!On the downside, Darth Vader was your dad and you just couldn’t get away from the fact that Mark Hamil came across as a little bit... well...  dorkish.Go Solo?As Han Solo, you’d get to be captain of the Millennium Falcon, the fastest ship in the Galaxy and you’d get the girl (a princess to boot!)No Jedi mind tricks and bouncing people around with the force for Han though and although a blaster is cool; it’s just not a light sabre.Rouge LikeAfter much deliberation, I’d choose Han Solo, the anti-hero with a heart of gold.He might not have been a Jedi, but he was a Captain and more importantly, he was  cooler than Luke, He was a rogue!So I’d established pretty early on in life that I fancied myself as a rouge like captain, exploring the darkness in my ship, maybe doing a little smuggling and helping a person or two along the way.Call It Fate, Karma or LuckWhatever you want to call it, I’ve finally found my niche in a very unexpected place.I’m a captain; I’ve got my own ship (and crew!) and I can head out on adventures across the darkness, but it’s not the darkness of space, it’s the inky blackness of the sunless sea where you’ll find me, a speck of light leading my ship into the unknown, each voyage might be my last, who knows what treasures or dangers lie ahead.It’s this sense of exploration, of shaking off the shackles of civilization and waving goodbye to the safety of port that makes Sunless Seas so alluring.Free  FallYou’ll start the game in what’s left of Victorian London, I say ""what's left of"" because following a cataclysm of hellish proportions, London now rests on the shore of the Unterzee, that dark ocean under the world. Hell is close, immortality is cheap and the screaming has largely stopped...If you'd like to explore this wonderfully gothic setting before taking the plunge into the Sunless Sea, then you can, for FREE!Fallen London, the literary RPG and pre-curser to Sunless Sea, is a free (and also very excellent) browser game where every choice has a consequence.Set in this same Victorian Gothic world, Sunless Sea gives you the chance to explore beyond the boundaries of Fallen London and out into the dark and forbidding Unterzee.Shallow WatersWhen you first fire up the game, you'll find yourself at the ""Captain Creation Screen"" although don't go expected a crunchy RPG level of stats and traits here. This is a bare bones affair and one which you can skip completely if you like (although this will also be reflected in your game experience...).After quickly creating a Captain with the briefest of bespoke back story, you’ll buy your provisions, recruit your crew, wave goodbye the glowing port lights and set sail into the depths of darkness.Here you’ll find treasures to satiate the sole and terrors to drive a man to despair, here you’ll find death.But before death takes you, you’re going to be in for an interesting ride.Captain Birds-EyeThe game itself takes place from a bird’s eye view of the map, you’ll sail your ship out into the unknown where you’ll discover foul monsters, foreboding islands and forbidden ports.When you encounter a Zee Monster you'll could well end up in a battle to the death, but this isn't nearly as exciting as it sounds.The combat mechanics are certainly the weakest part of the game, you'll fire at the monster, wait for the guns to reload and fire again, over and over until one of you is dead.You can upgrade your guns in port to add a little more depth but it's still an extremely simple and lack lustre affair.Don't Forget To PackThere's also some simple but vital resource mechanics at play here.You’ll need to worry about fuel and food supplies when you leave the safety of London, run out of fuel and your ship will be stranded, floating in the darkness until madness finally takes hold... maybe.Run out of food and you and your crew will starve, although there is meat on the crews bones, it’d be selfish to let it go to waste when it could sustain others...Remember to WriteBeyond this basic resource management aspect, this experience is all about narrative and what wonderfully written and atmospheric narrative it is too.Each Island and port reveals its own secrets, its own story fragments and its own harrowing decisions to make. Each and every one of those decisions will impact what comes next.You might get to recruit a new officer  for your crew, who’ll likely have their own back story and agenda; you might end up dining with some mysterious sisters or bargaining for your very soul.The quality of writing here is superb, but be warned, you’re going to be doing a lot of reading in this game.1000 Words Paint A Wonderful PictureAll aspects of the story are delivered to you in constant blocks of narrative. You should approach this title as more interactive novel than game. If the sound of all that reading puts you off then this probably isn’t the game for you, but you will be passing up on a rough gem.Don't  Fear The ReaperAs a rogue like title, no matter how cautious you are, your first captain will die.Then you will find yourself back in Fallen London creating your second captain, again with his ambitions and background story and maybe he’ll even have benefited in some way from your first captains adventures.The Zame but DifferentYou’ll set sail across the unterzee again.As you move out, you might feel disheartened that you’ve lost nearly everything and you have to experience the same story elements again, but you’ll soon discover that the island you’d set sail for, the one that Captain number one had discovered is no longer there, just empty “zee” awaits you.Cruel ZeeDid you bring enough fuel to get back to port from here? You could push on and try to find another island, maybe you could turn back to London.... you need fuel to keep your ship light burning too, maybe you could stretch out your reserves by turning it off.... it’s so dark out there though.... the crews terror levels are rising... Could you risk insanity in the darkness?The Calling of the ZeeAs a rogue like title, no matter how cautious you are, your second captain will die and you will find yourself back in Fallen London....You get the idea, each time you start fresh with a new captain the world shifts around you, you can’t expect Islands to be found where your previous captain left them.Different TidesWhilst it’s true that the core elements of the narrative will remain the same, each decision you make will have an impact on what will follow.Choosing a different narrative branch will give you a different perspective on fragment of the tale you’ve previously played through help keeping things fresh and adding further depth to the experience.Fresh WatersThere’s a lot to explore out there too, you’re not going to run out of content too quickly, that’s not to say that there won’t come a time when you’ve experienced everything sunless sea has to offer, but that’s true of all games and in sunless seas case new content is still being added, so even if you think you’ve  .... [snip]For the full review and others please take the time to visithttp://www.review-well.com/"
,Recommended,304650,33452338,Posted: 11 July,all,AKatarzynaK,"Sunless Sea is an exploration focused rougelike set in a Lovecraftian universe in which Victorian-era London has been moved below the surface of the earth to a vast and perilous ocean called the Unterzee. You play as a captain of the Unterzee, and are made to choose the background you desire as well as what your ambition is, which determines the conditions needed for you to beat the game. However, completion of your chosen ambition will not come easily or quickly, as the ocean is large and unforgiving. The gameplay consists of managing your resources as you sail around the ocean, completing quests, upgrading your ship, building up your crew, trading goods, defeating the terrors that live in the depths, and trying not to lose your sanity (which will slowly come undone the more you explore). With so much to focus on you will die, whether it be from starvation, from running out of fuel and being left adrift in the ocean, or some other horror. Death is to be expected in Sunless Sea, and with the permadeath nature of the game you will find yourself losing some of your hard work. However there are avenues set in place by the game to help you continue the legacy left by your ill-fated captains, allowing you to give your next captain a better start and a higher chance for success.There is something intoxicating about this game, the way it alternates between serene moments as you sail across a calm sea, to the terror of coming face to face with a monster that you are no match for. The world is so immersive and captivating, and combined with the wonderful writing and unique quests it can be extremely easy to get lost in. I also have to mention the music, which is some of the best that I've heard in a game in a while. It is absolutely beautiful and perfectly matched, adding such a sense of eeriness to what is an already unsettling game.The game can be slow at times, and judging by the negative reviews this seems to be the most common complaint. Personally, I find that these more calm moments serve to increase the feeling of suspense, as you never know if something is waiting to tear you from your peaceful state.I can see why this game might be too frustrating for some. Watching your ship sail slowly to the nearest island for what seems like eternity, only to die a horrible death and lose everything can be absolutely soul crushing. But unlike many games with permadeath I never find myself discouraged by death. Instead with each loss I  am myself more eager to start my next run, wiser and more prepared to avoid my previous fate. With this knowledge combined with the previously mentioned legacy methods, you will not always have to start with nothing and may find that your new captain has a better start than the previous.Overall I absolutely adore this game and really can't recommend it enough provided you're not put off by any of the negative aspects I've mentioned. If you have a thirst for adventure, enjoy a challenge, and are not dismayed by the idea of some slower moments, then I think you might fall in love with the world of Sunless Sea just as I have.*I also highly recommend the DLC, Zubmariner, which allows you to turn your ship into a submarine at will. It's almost like a new game in itself, as it adds a great deal more of content to the game. New places to explore, new monsters to die by, new ship upgrades, and new questlines."
,Not Recommended,304650,14366732,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Subspace Dandy,"If you expect an open-ended privateer-style game or a full-featured rougelike, don't buy this.This is basically Fallen London where instead of clicking through cards you sail and then click through cards.The writing is gorgeous (seriously, it is), but there is not much else - not a lot of content and not much in terms of actual gameplay. Longtime fans of Fallen London won't be dissappointed, I guess, but overall it feels like an Ipad game (an exceptionally well written one).Downvoting so that other people won't make the mistake I did."
,Not Recommended,304650,21047989,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,justus,"This game has a lot of great things -- and I've played something like 15 hours of it -- but I'm still not recommending it to others.The game has tons of glowing reviews but looking at Steam Achievements show that virtually no one actually plays this game for any length of time. On 14.2% people get an Ironclad Will, which is pretty much necessary to survival (no one with any equipment would go without one) and is cheap to boot. Only 19.6% get 10 Admiralty Favour (i.e. visited 10 ports). 14.1% discovered the Dawn Sun Machine (which is directly south of Fallen London at the bottom of the map). 0.9% have completed the game.So what we see is tons of people abandoning the game despite the many positive things in its favor and virtually no one completing it.The game does a great job of being an atmospheric exploration and story-driven game with a smidgin of combat (which is almost always avoidable). The creepy setting of Fallen London is fantastic and the many storylets start out as intriguing.But it just does too many things wrong to provide enough fun for most gamers.- It feels overly difficult to earn money for upgrades. The first likely ship upgrade costs $3,000 and when you struggle to break stay above a few hundred, that seems impossibly far away.- Paradoxically, there's not much reason (other than cargo space) to upgrade  your ship. You can carry better guns and more crew but....you can avoid fighting everything in the game so those upgrades are sometimes hard to justify.- You are extremely limited on cargo space unless you upgrade to the $7,000 merchant ship. Sailing around the Zee often means you stock up on 15+ fuel and 10+ food, so 30 of your 40 cargo spots are gone right there. Many random quests require bits and bobs (5 coffee here, 3 wines there, 2 candles here) but you're loathe to carry them around ""just because"". Which means extra sailing back and forth across the Zee to micro-optimise your cargo.- Sailing around the Zee becomes tedious after a while once you've explored it a fair amount and are trying to complete quests. I often had the window open in the background while I surfed the web, waiting to get somewhere.- Leveling up feels extremely slow -- even after 10+ hours of play my stats are so low that the vast majority of challenges have a less than 50% chance of success.- The rogue-like death mechanic sort of but doesn't quite work because the stories aren't interesting enough to replay/re-read. You'll find yourself speeding through them with subsequent captains just to get the loot.When I look at those, the common thread is that the pacing feels off. The ship upgrades don't feel well paced. The stat upgrades don't feel well paced. The quests don't feel well paced, where you often need to sail around quite a lot for meager rewards. The overall world exploration doesn't feel well paced to the plot/quests. You'll have explored the entire map before you've made any substantial progress toward your main quest.After fifteen hours of play I just don't feel like I've got enough from the game other than cool atmospherics."
,Not Recommended,304650,15648810,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,getmedieval,"I want to like this, I really do. But the game's economics are so punishing, and the sheer amount of grinding, is so high, that I can't enjoy the wonderful world the writers have created. To have a chance to survive, you have to play boringly; if you seek out adventures, you'll die quickly. Even simply trying to make money, you stand an excellent chance of dying. And then it's a long slog back.There is this fashion for extremely punishing games. But it really takes the fun out of it for me."
76561197976804435,Recommended,304650,14356630,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Landoflaughs,"I have been playing off and on again since they were in early release.And to see the game release with all my expectations exceeded or startled is amazing claim to make.SO on to the game. Firstly it is an extension of a world and mythology crafted in a browser game called Fallen London. So if any of the lore or the craziness of a London being smuggled a mile beneath the earth intrigues? Play it too.In Sunless Sea, you are the Captain of a ship in a Lovecraftian unter-Zee, a sunless sea beneath the earth. Through the course of the game you end up meeting the nearly dead, stygian creatures, cannibals (possibly becoming unaccountably peckish yourself), pirates and madness.As you balance it all, trying to eke out a living, you may eventuall die and pass on to heirs fractions of your wealth and prestige giving everything a rogue-like feel.Throw in eccentric crew members you recruit, sea monsters to engage in and illicit cargo to trade?As to the game play itself? You are exploring, as the map randomizes (unless you carry over a Zee chart from a previous career) to master things.Combat is real time and a balance of trying to evade while keeping your enemy in your sights, leading to graceful figure 8's or not so frantic retreats as a giant living iceberg tries to ram you.And it all works, from the delicious writing to the wicked sense of humor permeating it all!"
76561198092130691,Not Recommended,304650,19655552,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,byrnsey24,"Staggeringly wasteful of your time.This game has an incredible aesthetic, and very unforgiving gameplay, which is fine.  It's basically a roguelike.  howEVER.  Sailing from port to port takes an incredibly long time.  The sea is almost empty of things to interact with, which is good because they are mostly punishingly overpowered, but bad because if you actually want combat, it can take 20 minutes to find some.  You can spend an entire day playing this game, and have not advanced yourself enough to have moved up from the baseline boat you start with.The game is set such that there is almost no value in trading early on.  Seriously.  Your inital boat has a hold capacity of 40.  One item that you can buy, wine, costs $21  The most it can be sold for normally is $23.  That's $80 per run, when a new ship costs 2000.  You will also need to pay for fuel and food, which runs to about $30.  Also that fuel and food needs to be stored on your boat, further cutting into profits.Ok fine.  We've all played these sailing games before, what about combat, can you make money doing that?  Sure.  After a bunch of trial and error, you will find that there are two boats (The pirate destroyer and the crack pirate destroyer) that are both weak enough to be destroyed by a new player, and reliably have food and fuel to make up for the 5 minutes you spend chasing their tails, as well as some cargo.  The rest?  Well there's a crab that can be killed for 1xp (takes about 200 for a new 'level') or a free, non-transportable meal.  Your crew just ate?  Well, that xp is the best you can hope for.  Bats can be killed for a transportable meal, to be eaten when you, you know, need it.  That's worth about $20, actually a lot of money considering how much you are scraping early on.  Other sea monsters you will find are much too hard to fight. Other pirates have either nothing, or are so high level that instead of food and fuel, you get bolts of silk.  Which can be resold at an eye-watering discount for less than the food and fuel found on a destroyer.Exploring?  Each port you visit will net you a usually small amount of money, and one fuel when you give a report to the admiralty on returning in London.  Generally getting from one port to another requires more than one fuel.  Additionally, the money you make will go to supplies.  So exploring is almost always a net negative.So basically your only hope is missions.  There is one character who will send you on fetch quests, basically trading, but with an actually worth-your-time profit margin.  Then there is the mob smuggler, who will give you missions than can lead to instakills, since he sends you out to sea with contraband to a place you may not know how to find.  If you can't find it on the supplies you packed, and return to London you'll have it confiscated (there's equipment for smugglers, but it doesn't fit on the initial boat, and you WILL NOT have a better one at this point in the game).And hey, I get it, resources can be scarce.  There's tons of games like that, from the first Resident Evil to Don't Starve.  But this game plays out so damn SLOWLY.  You boat barely moves in the water, and everything is so far away.  Getting a few hundred dollars together to buy a new gun for your boat can take, and I am in no way exaggerating, HOURS.If there were twice the monsters, at half the danger, and the boat moved twice as fast, this would be an amazing game.  As it is, I spent a few days on it, always with the promise that if I stuck out the lame slow start, I'd get to the good stuff.  My hold would get big enough to start trading, my weapons would get good enough to start fighting.  Instead all that ever happens is you slowly burn all your fuel and food, occasionally doing a fetch quest to inject a little more cash into your operation, but always dwindling, until you die.  I die a lot in Super Meat Boy, but that game doesn't make me play three hours for the privilege.Basically this game smacks of an unfinished alpha, that is somehow inexplicably considered finished.  The early game seems wildly unbalanced, the pace of the game is super slow, and there's not enough things to do and interact with, especially since interacting with things usually involves money you don't have (either pure cost, fuel, food, crewmen that need replacing or hull repairs)"
76561198018818592,Not Recommended,304650,25596234,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MrDrProfessor4,"As a super-fan of H. P. Lovecraft, story-based games, and indie games whom just finished and absolutely adored Darkest Dungeon, I cannot overstate my disappointment from how agonizingly boring I found Sunless Sea to be, when it had seemed like the perfect fit for me.H. P. Lovecraft is a master at subtle horror, but Sunless Sea doesn't seem to know the difference between “subtle” and “nothing happening”. Moments in Sunless Sea are so few, far between, and in too-small doses. An incredible amount of time is spent going from A to B without anything interesting in between and resources become nothing more than a nuisance with how easy they are to get while needing to be replenished much too often.No, this game is NOT creepy; it's a frustrating patience test. It is NOT well-written; it's not good or bad enough to be worth noting. The game doesn't have much of an atmosphere after you've quickly realized that the dark-green steampunk aesthetic will forever remain completely static. The only way I could put up with all the waiting was by watching movies while playing so that I'd at least have something to think about. By the time I finally finished “Your Father's Bones”, I still hated the game as much as I did when I started. Sunless Sea just never got any sort of reaction out of me besides a few groans. The only good thing about this game is some of its music.Honestly I doubt I would've minded the grindy, snail pace of this game if the stories were interesting enough to compensate. If you want a good cosmic horror experience, you won't find it here. If you want a well-written eldritch horror story, you won't find it here. You're better off reading H. P. Lovecraft's short stories instead. Play Sunless Sea only if you want to be turned into a goddamned vegetable.EDIT: Come at me vegetables! No amount of downvotes will ever convince me that I didn't dislike what I played."
76561197970396267,Recommended,304650,29971626,Posted: 16 February,all,Sol,"This is not a trading game. This is not a game in wich you should start a fight with other ships and creatures. This is an exploration game that makes it tough to explore. This is a game with permadeath, wich you should turn off immediately. And then you can get sucked into a great atmosphere full of strange storys on even stranger islands in a world where London was pulled down beneath the surface by bats.You start with a little ship, some money, a few crew members and an ambition to fullfill. Maybe, as you travel through the world you find a new ambition that you like more. You will find more crew members, islands with storys to explore (you will be reading a lot), and Port Reports to compile to hand them over to the Admiral back in London. That gives you some money and fuel so you can go back to the zee, continue the storys, get to know your crew better and find some little trading routes that make a little profit. And then you will probably die, wich is not a problem because you saved often and turned of permadeath! Realy, do that.This games is so calming, quirky and pleasantly slow. Once you now how its meant to be played its just great. One of my favorite games!"
76561198042281318,Not Recommended,304650,14834654,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sairvell,"I found the overall visual design effective at evoking an eerie mood. The choice of muted greens and grays works to make the rays of lights (whether cast by your ship or emitted from various lighthouses) pop. Cruising in the dark of the Sunless Sea builds a sense of dread and mystery which is appropriate to the theme of the game.Furthermore, the music, while infrequent, punctuates the mood and builds tension. The spare sound effects, the lapping of the water and the distant ringing of buoys create a soundscape on which your journey unfolds.Much of the game takes place in a text window that is inexplicably tiny and stuck to the bottom of the screen. The prose comes in relatively short and disgestible tid-bits, so while much of the game is reading the stories you come across in your voyage, I didn't feel overwhelmed with a wall (or in this case a yard sign) of text at any point.The stories themselves are full of mishmashed details and themes, making them far more colorful and dynamic than the graphics of the Sea itself. To me, the highpoint of the game was in unravelling these stories, bringing in various objects discovered along the way to open up new options. Leaving port and returning after a brief delay will advance the stories, so in this way, one can plan a route to satisfy different story requirements and continue to push back the fog of unexplored areas.The game describes itself as a Rogue-like, which is partly true, in that some of the islands appear in different locations on each playthrough and there are some that may not be present at all. However, the area around London (the starting port) is always the same and this expanse of sameness can make the Rogue-like description seem like a fib. Death is easy when first learning the game, as it is in many Rogue-likes, so sailing through the same staring area again and again becomes tedious.This leads to the first of my two major objections to the game, each shortcoming reinforcing the other.1) Travel is at a decidedly deliberate pace. While this initially worked to make me savor exploration, as well as building a sense of anticipation or dread as I advanced through a game, the thought of sailing past the same islands that I'd already been to several times in hopes of discovering something new seemed more like a chore and less like fun.Before I stopped playing the game altogether, I'd plan out a route and make a loop, visiting some familiar places for resources or to advance a story and (hopefully) uncovering something new on the map. When I'd first began playing, I'd make three or four of these voyages before logging off (Assuming I didn't die). But the thought of just sitting for several minutes at a time, waiting for something to happen made me think I'd be better served quitting and loading up something faster paced after a few play sessions like this.Until you've figured out combat (my second objection), it is very easy to wind up dead and have to restart and travel laboriously through regions that are largely unchanged from one game to the next. This makes for far too much travel time for my taste.2) Combat is horrible.Okay, I'll write a little more on this.The various monsters and pirate ships are imaginatively and effectively rendered in the game. Many of them, however, have a ridiculous number of hit points compared to the damage of any weapon that you will acquire before half the map is explored. That's a lot of traveling and, hence, a lot of game time.To make things worse, the sound effects of the cannons are repetitious and obnoxious. When you're fighting a Lifeberg (an enemy that is easily encountered on your first voyage) that has 400 hit points and you're doing 15-20 every shot... not only does the same cannon fire sound grate on the ears, but the combat itself becomes a grind.While there are a very few enemies that seem to be balanced around your starting equipment, it is easy to run into foes that are far stronger. When you add in the very slow rate of resource accrual, it's not hard to wind up behind the firepower curve. When first playing, this can result in many deaths, which equal restarts, which means more tediously slow sailing through regions you know by heart.Of course, you can avoid most of the fights, but giving foes wide, languid births results in, wait-for-it, even more monotonous, paint-drying travel.The foes do, however, break into two types, ones that fires cannon blasts and the other being monsters that simply charge at you. Both of these types can be easily defeated by simply getting right behind them and staying there, shooting and shooting and shooting and... well, you get the point.Some may describe this sticking to the rear of foes as strategy, but this works with just about everything, is boring and feels like an exploit. However, when stuck with limited resources (food and fuel) and poor weapons, this may be the only choice available.I really wanted to like Sunless Sea. I hung in because I liked the imaginatively written stories, the murky graphics and the moody sounds, but the molasses slow travel and the totally broken combat forced me to abandon ship. Maybe if this game had spent a little more time in drydock, having it's combat system scrapped altogether or entirely rebuilt and travel sped up above senior citizen meandering, then I'd probably be playing the thing rather than writing this disappointed review."
76561198054179687,Not Recommended,304650,14298018,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Wave,"I am disappointed in Sunless Sea, in particular after reading the very positive reviews on Steam regarding the game, and even trying Fallen London out based on the suggestions. As I enjoyed Fallen London I had really high expectations.Unfortunately I just do not think there is an actual game here. There is a lot of great and really funny content and while I enjoyed the stories and the dialogue which I did manage to encounter the majority of the content is locked behind what is actually very poor gameplay.  All the game actually entails is sailing, really, really slowly between ports with the occasional equally boring ""sea-combat"" thrown in.At the moment the gameplay feels like it was added an afterthought to ""gate"" the access to the actual content, the same way Fallen London has a number of actions which regenerate over time. Or it becomes fun a lot later.I am trying to come up with some constructive advice on how to make this actually fun and the only thing I can come up with is making this more of a horror game, and less rogue-like.* increasing the difficulty of the fights to make the sea-monsters or pirates scarier to encounter* making the sea monsters more aggressive* decreasing the sight range and adding sonarTraversing the zee could then be about sneaking quietly between ports, putting lights out and listening for the sonar pings. etc. Terror feels shouldn't solely be a resource that you handle in game but something the player gets involved with.This game aims to trivialise dying when what it should be doing is creating a sense of attachment to each individual captain.Gaaargh, I've never written any reviews but I find this game so infruriating. /rantOver"
76561198056993739,Recommended,304650,12497315,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Outlaw,"God. Where to start.Since on the whole I adore this game, I'll start with my problems with it, to be absolutely fair.My biggest, most serious issue is that the game is INCREDIBLY GRINDY. Incredibly grindy, and you can die very easily and lose all that progress. I understand that a small ship wouldn't reasonably do very good business trying to transport goods, but for god's sake, I should be able to make more than a $1 profit on anything I buy to sell (if that!). Either that, or you should have the option to pass on your ship to your progeny, and they can keep the money they would otherwise spend on that ship. As for how easy it is to die; once an enemy has you up to nearly full visibility, it's nearly impossible to get back down to a level where you can safely attack. From there it's just a matter of time before it tears your crew apart.The other issue I take is that you can run out of fuel close to a port but not docked in it and have to lose the game that way. Surely, you could hire someone to come tow your ship (and if you're out of money, THEN you're dead). Perhaps only certain ports can tow ships. Something. Perhaps you could abandon ship into a small rowing vessal, attempt to get to port, and then from there perhaps have to owe somebody something. The most frustrating defeats I've suffered have been floating uselessly while touching shore. Very. Frustrating.I would also add that this game is rather poorly tutorialized. It tells you what you need, but it won't give you any real tips or guidance about the safest way to navigate the zee, given that you only have so much fuel and so much food. An early run isn't going to last very long because it's nearly impossible to know just where you need to go and when, and then any grinding done is lost.However, I only say these things because I love the game, and I wouldn't want to give someone any false hopes. God knows the zee would only crush them.If you're not scared off yet, though, there is a sort of ruthlessness to the game that makes me want to beat it into submission. Coupled with a haunting atmosphere and horrors that are very effective at knowing the line between ""unnerving"" and ""over-the-top-cheesy"", Sunless Sea is genuinely a game that intimidates me. I get chills when I have to leave port, since there is a very deep uncertainty that I'll ever be returning.  The art is incredible, the music is catchy (and at times gives me the same fright I get at the Sonic drowning music), and the writing is well worth crossing the seven seas for.Long story short, if you bore easily but are very into Lovecraftian horror, wait for a sale. If you're willing to put in long, hard, heartbreaking hours for a game that will sometimes honor you with a very delicious crumb from time to time, welcome aboard."
76561198006259616,Recommended,304650,12461637,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Thermopylae,"I find this game quite delightful. The music, somber and unsettling artwork, nautical exploration, trade and combat quite challenging but success is linked to choose your own adventure type quests found on each island, that can span multiple islands. A spiders web to pull apart over time.  The crew of the vessel also give character to the voyage, they are a queer and curious lot that I would liken to ""Firefly"", set in an age of Steam to explore a subterannean sea occupied by Lovecraftian horrors.I like the writing and hope for more."
,Recommended,304650,11306537,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gungnir,Captain's Log 7/18/14I have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing.
76561198084050470,Not Recommended,304650,11539526,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,snowmantw,"While the atmosphere is great and the stories are impressed (when they're willing to disclose themselves), the most of things you need to do is to collect enough money to pay bills of fuels and foods. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to enjoy the progress to keep your ship and crew alive in the sunless economy. Because everything you need are so expensive, and you can only pay them via some few profitable lines terminated at London, your journey would become an endless London-to-somewhere routine and only at few times you can forget them and sail up to other exciting unexplored islands, as a real captions would do. This intolerable fact was discovered when I suddenly found that I spent hours in game to hunt bat swarms repeatedly, because it provides the cheapest supplies and the way to comfort crews' terrors. Trust me, it's suck to see your great journey become a journey of a bat killer, who acts like the poorest bagger to appreciate every coins given by the game system, which performs no economy mechanism but to sell expensive goods to players.Another problem is you can only keep relations with NPCs during the story lines are opened. After that, they disappeared. You would find that after completing your jobs to convoy them from islands to islands, and enjoy the interactions with them, they would be vaporized at the final stop. Nothing continues the stories while they're actually too short for a game whom should beat other brainless 3D engine demos with great stories, and soon you're wasting your time on the supply and fuel problems again.And the officers: while they should be your best friends who would accompany you till the end of game, they're actually only portraits. Yes, you can 'speak to them with secrets' to gain some skill upgrading, and try to waste your most precious supply to talk with them. However, they would only give you the standard NPC answers, almost like the famous arrow-in-the-knee. The boring bill-paying routines make things worse, since that means you can almost find no chances to discovery their stories when you need to travel from London to London to sell whatever profitable and report ports to the administration to earn the money. As a result, they're aboard with silence, keep silent, and also die silently with your crew and the whole ship, when you earn no enough money to reduce terrors or pay bills for fuels and supplies. They are nothing like your truly friends in Baldur's Gate or Planescape: Torment, which let you enjoy the game with NPCs' most tiny requests, lies, emotions, choices, stories and their deaths and lives.Finally, the terrors: I think it's a really terrible thing in the game. Because you would find it's the most expensive goods to buy and the supply is even fewer than others. You can basically reduce your 1 terror with 10+ Echos, but it's so easy to be stockpiled when you're sailing on the zee. It increases rapidly while you leave shore far enough, and would stop increasing while you sail along with coasts. However, it never reduces even when you anchoring in the brightest port, unless you spend *lots of* money to buy drinks at the local taverns, if they exists. Only London provide you to reduce terrors to 50 every times you stop at the port. However, it would add your Nightmare's Strength with no cure. This basically tell you your next travel may explode because the terror would burst with the event to confront the nightmare.So, what would you get with your $18.99? A game should become the next Fallout with the rich stories and characters, screws up with the terrible economy system and the pale NPCs and events. As an early access game I think it exposed some fatal defects that should be fixed as soon as possible, or it would be a sunk ship under the sunless zee."
,Recommended,304650,12263148,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ultrahyper,"A very fun shipmaster-esqe simulator set in an exceedingly creepy and otherworldly universe. Talking rodents, the undead, a lot of bats and giant sea monsters make it a constant adventure. At current review (9/27) the new real-time on-map combat system has not been implemented yet, but that should take the gameplay to a different level.Currently the combat system takes place in a new window where you enter in 'strategies', four at a time, with specific cool downs on each. The 'visibility' system is really slick though, where you do damage based on how illuminated your enemy is compared to your own (firing flares, carefully observing, etc.), and I hope it is implemented in a similar way with the real time system.Exploration is genuinely fun and rewarding, as navigating around the various entities that occupy the Zee and finding new islands seems to play a significant part in the overall experience. Managing Terror (morale), supplies, fuel, cargo, your crew, Officers (and their skills), ship equipment, and new hulls all add different gameplay strategies. Trade is a major way to improve your Echo (currency) wallet, and it really pays off to ship different cargo to very distant locations.You will die. You will die a lot. But that's just part of the game. You can preserve different things on death, but it helps to think that the end is nigh every time you leave Fallen London. You'll have a much more enjoyable time."
,Recommended,304650,14365802,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Arturia","H.P. Lovecraft's wet dream, in video game format."
,Recommended,304650,14563426,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,*IC* Smiledozer,"A dark and eerie adventure into an underground sea. The stories you will uncover are Lovecraftian in the nature and slightly unsettling. Sunless Sea is all about exploring and dying and exploring again.Pros:- One of the most original stories that I have ever seen in a video game. Mostly text-based, but this adds to the spookiness, as you're left with your own imagination to picture the things you've seen in the Neath.- Map randomization at the start of every new Character ensures interesting replay value.- Beautiful Indie-style graphics that mezmorize- A Challenge. It is difficult, but the more you die, the more you progress.- Amazing soundtrack that adds to the tension and feeling of naval exploration.- Interesting and highly original characters.- Fairly challenging combat system-""Merciful Mode""allows for an easier play, allowing the player to save manually. When you first start a new game, ""Merciful Mode"" will be turned off.Cons:- The ship you use in the beginning drags along a bit. Until your first upgrades, it is very slow and therefore makes the game seem slow.- Your character might die often when you first start. This discourges some, but it's a rogue-like.- The Dawn Machine.Verdict?8/10- Sunless Sea is an incredible experience. If you enjoy reading, especially Lovecraft, Poe, Barker, or anything in the horror-suspence genre, you will love this game. The obsurdity, terror, and tension you will feel is pretty incredible. You will also be forced to make dozens of decisions which will affect your character and their story. Definately a game on my top 10 list."
,Recommended,304650,33738067,Posted: 23 July,all,SummerTank,"Let's get one thing out of the way quickly: if you do not like reading, and if you want instant gratification, you will not like this game at all.Some parts of the game are randomly generated, and you do lose most of your progress when you die, but personally I would recommend sticking with just one character, as going through the same story events multiple times is rather tiring.This is not an FTL with some Lovecraftian horror sprinkled on top.You play as a Zee-captain. Why Zee and not Sea? Because the Zee is an impossibly big underwater lake in a dystopian, steampunk alternate reality. You start in a sunken version of London, ready to discover the old gods that inhabit the place (...or do they?), the lost and not-so-lost civilizations and their unique story.During the first few hours, I have to say that I got really bored with the game. The ship moved extremely slowly and was pathetically weak. To make any sort of progress you need money. To earn money, at first you need to explore and report back to Fallen London. Remember when I said the ship was slow? Yeah, the constant back and forth was rather tedious. Plus, the monetary rewards were unsatisfactory. To get a good ship you need at least 6k echoes...most Port Reports would give you 40-50. You do the math.Clearly, that was not the best way. The best way is trading. But you wouldn't know that by just playing the game on your own...As soon as I got my first good ship, things changed for the better.My advice to really enjoy this game is simple: read a few articles before playing. They might slightly spoil some events, but trust me, it is absolutely necessary, at least for the start.The main shortcoming of the game is the lack of efficient information: there is no easily accessible quest log, no main database where you can see the market prices or where each character is. You have to either remember, check the cryptic ingame explanations or open external resources. I know that it adds a bit of mystery, but first and foremost, it's a game, and the immersion cannot be detrimental to the user experience.Now, I'm bashing this game a lot, but my review is positive, and here's why: the atmosphere and the writing are basically second to none. As you sail the dark Zee, you will encounter madness, horror, love and intrigue. You will swap Zee-stories that you got from killing giant crabs for Extraordinary Implications, which will then form Searing Enigmas. Those are the true resources of the game: stories.The stories your Zee-Captain comes across, the ones wonderfully written by the creators, and the ones the player makes up in their head. Your choices will have long-term consequences, and the in-house story engine is made in such a way that you never truly know what will happen next until you experience it.There is combat in this game, but to be honest there's not much to be said about it, you just look at things and wait until your weapons load. The ships are not very nimble, which makes maneuvering hard. I have the fastest ship with the best engine burning permanently at 100%, but that speed, to an external observer, would likely look like the speed of the basic first boat a player would get in other such games.In a game like Sunless Sea, the actual graphical and tecnical aspects are not the main attraction, but they do exist, so I will rate them. The graphics are serviceable, the art is good, especially when it comes to the cities. They are vibrant and colorful, but the character portraits are a bit...off. There aren't many animations, but they too do their job. The music is fantastic, it immediately brings Zee-life and adventuring to mind.I know the devs are making Sunless Skies, and it looks like many of this game's issues are getting fixed, so that's obviously a strong point in their favor. Listening to feedback can make or break sequels.This has been a long review because Sunless Sea is a long and complex game. To summarize, despite its many faults, if you have the patience for it, Sunless Sea will provide a unique dark story experience that rivals those of Inkle games."
76561198204235003,Recommended,304650,22691022,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Onza,"Why does darkness frighten men? Because it is animate; immaterial. Darkness is possibility. A realm populated by dreams and terrors, hopes and fears. When absence of light deprives the eye of its vital purpose, man no longer sees with his eyes but with his mind. To explore the darkness is to explore ones self. The sunless sea is such a realm. It is a world filled with horror, if that is what you take with you. It is a realm filled with wonder and beauty, if such is the domain of the mind. Sailing on the wide black zee can be tranquil or terrifying. Though the story aspects of the game are scripted out beyond your control, the comprehensive atmosphere of the world depends entirely on your own perception. Such is the nature of darkness, and the neath. Such is the nature of the Zee."
76561198033409898,Recommended,304650,32811267,Posted: 26 June,all,SSD Gaming,"The major drawback of this game is some parts of the game are unnecesary slow, traveling in particular. The first time you explore the map is really well done and very atmospheric. However, when the map is like explored for the most parts, quests are just a matter of running errants for the NPC, travelling to there, fetch these stuff for me, help me get there, etc. While I understand that traveling is a major part of the game which is also what makes the exploration part enjoyable. To examplify, imagine an extreme case: if there's a fast travelling system in the game, that would be sucks and would certainly deterring the taste of journey from the game. But the current system is not a perfect one either, I feel like I used most of my time playing this game just waiting for my ship to get from point A to point B without doing anything and it gets frustruating sometimes. But other things are extremely well polished.EDITEDI noticed people actually read my crappy review. In short, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥as it might be the only one of its kind. So you either don't like this specific type of gameplay or you will be drowning in this game for days like I did. But I STRONGLY RECOMMEND you to try this out. Also it's cheap, why not?"
76561198021750135,Recommended,304650,27096765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Joy,"Basicaly this game is all about exploring, trading, reading and dying a lot.If you already bored of this, then there is a little TODO list:-Have a lover. Have a child.-Buy a mansion.-Help merchant organise an expedition in unexplored north zee. Lead it.-Help monkies build a zeppelin. Steal it.-Become a cannibal.-Found your own colony. Make it independed kingdom.-Buy from cats honey maked from memories. Smuggle it and get caught.-Help anarhists overrun London. Never visit this city ever again in your live.-Find pretty blue birds in the south coast. Get your ship annihilated by this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.-Recrute a band of crazy♥♥♥♥♥people with tons and tons of skeletons in their closets. Call them officers.-Scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your crew so they decide to kill you even if it means their own deaths.-Buy vine in London, trade vine, on profit buy saphires, trade saphires, on profit buy ivory, trade ivory, look at your profit - yep it all goes to fuel/supplays maintain. Buy fuel in Iron Republic stupid. Also your ship is small.-Pet your comatose ferret. Get bite by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Use him to make a dress and present it to one of your ""officers"".-Chit on mother of your child with Mabel Daughter while sailing.-Get cursed.-Find the Dawn MachiHESUNTHESUNTHESUNT...-Find scary altar in the middle of Sea of Statues. Eat your crew there.-Go to Surface and trade cofee with the owner of a small cofee-shop. See how your most profiable trade route closes after just second trade. Seriously? WTF?-Help your mechanic get out angry dream-snakes from his head. Repeat the process at least one hundred times because it's profitable and why not.-Get ingridients and ask shadow genius from Iron Republic to build you an uniqe weapon (Weapon's ammo are Monster-Hunters. Yes, people. By price at least 1000 echos per shot. F*ck you, game). Get it anyway and install it on your Drednout. Just because you can afford it.-Retire in a life of luxuryBORING! Never do this.-Forget to write a will. Die right after that from some stupid reason (Mnt. Nomad? Seems peacefull enough).-Find an Island of Masks. After long way of stealing find yourself in the ritual room with mask of High Priest on you. Realise that you have absolutely no idea what you are suppose to go. Try not to screw up. Get killed.-Feast in Mangrove College. Best island in Unterzee. Thank you that you are exist.-Play chess with some freaks on Coral Island. Yes, you are aware that you are too stupid to win. Maybe you just like the process.-Get evil Santa on your ship. Who would've known that this jocker take presents from you rather than give it. Scarred like horror film heroine arrive at last place of delivery. Watch creature making a showman and animating it with your blood. Name snow child Elsa."
76561198059058509,Recommended,304650,24492336,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,onetruesolipsist,"""We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far."" - H.P. Lovecraft...you know what you do in this game? You take a look at those black seas andvoyage the ♥♥♥♥ on out there. There are a lot of horror games on Steam, and there's fantasy and sci-fi aplenty, but Sunless Sea stands out for being a true work ofweird fiction. It's about horror, and it's about survival, but it's not a zombie shooter or a walking simulator with jump scares. It's a steampunk game that feels dark and wondrous and strange instead of slapping a couple gears and monocles on everybody and calling it a day.Go forth, bold zee-captain. Navigate under false stars and take shore leave at sundry isles shrouded in fog and wreathed in uncanny flora. But watch your provisions carefully. Should you fail, you won't go gently into that good night. You'll go kicking and screaming, with a mad glint in your eye and the taste of your crewmates' flesh on your tongue.I wish you all safe travels, and pleasant dreams."
,Recommended,304650,14399299,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"Your Girl/Boyfriend will fall asleep as you play, while the gentle sounds of water and fog move slowly, and you don't notice because you're absolutely riveted in quiet wonder. What's over here? What does my first mate think about this? Wait, these people are corpse-people? Is that shark covered in belts?And you can't tell if this is the coolest video game you've ever played or the most bizarre way of reading an amazing novel, but it doesn't matter. Because you're laughing one second only to be silently mesmerized a moment later.This game, this whatever-the-hell it is, I've given up trying to label it, is truly a world of vicious marvels.Take a spill, and see what happens."
,Not Recommended,304650,26332663,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FatalArcwarrior,"After 6 hours of playing this game, I just can't play anymore. I want to get into it, I *really* do; but there are just so many glaring issues that make this game more frustrating than interesting, and ultimately, not fun. Some pros and cons that I've witnessed while playing this game so far:PROS+ Wonderfully eerie and spooky art design.+ Fascinating and bizarre (albiet non-coherent) story set in a post-apocalyptic, Gothic Victorian-era universe with a Lovecraftian edge.+ Soundtrack is pretty good and captures the feel of being a lonely Zee Captain and their crew sailing the dark Unterzee.+ The game is actually challenging and flat-out tells you your first captain will most likely die.CONS- While the story is interesting, the game does a terrible job of doing any worldbuilding. You're just dropped into the game with zero context and no idea what anything is or whats going on. Apparently you need to have played Fallen London, the browser game this game is based on, to get a lot of the lore, but that's like needing to watch an entire season of Agents of Shield to be able to understand whats going on in an Avengers movie. It's really hard to stay invested when you don't know what the hell is going on.- The tutorials are barely helpful and don't tell you a lot of what you need to get started. It tells you how the controls, stats, resource management system, and the barebones of how combat generally works but that's basically it.- The speed of your starting ship is god-awful slow and upgrades to your ship's engines are not only prohibitively expensive, but the actual increase in speed is insignificant and it actually makes your ship consume fuel faster, making it even more expensive to maintain. The only reason for this that I can tell is that the map simply isn't that big and thus the developers decided to slow travel speed down to try to make everything feel bigger, but in the end it still only feels like you're sailing a medium-sized lake rather than a vast, expansive underground sea.- Combat is uninspired. It basically boils down to pointing your ship in the vague direction of whatever's trying to kill you, waiting around 4 seconds for your weapon to get a firing solution, and then press the appropriate number key to fire. Rinse and repeat several times, depending on your weapon's damage and your Irons statistic, which can increase the damage you do in combat. Shining your ships' lights on the target or firing a flare and having a higher Mirrors stat will speed up how quickly you obtain a firing solution. You can get out of the firing arc of enemy ships, which delays their next firing solution on you, but monster's attacks are almost always unavoidable. Evasive manuevers with your ship basically boil down to getting behind an enemy ship so they cant target you or running away from a monster, desperately hoping they don't catch you.- The same resource you use to feed your crew is also the same one you use to repair your ship when you're not in port, meaning if you take a lot of damage from a fight (you will) and aren't able to get back to a port safely (an almost certain possibility), you have to use up your supplies to repair your ship at an inefficient rate (1 unit of supplies per 5 HP, your starting ship has 75 HP max), but then your crew will probably starve before you get there.- There is no reliable way to make money in this game, so unless you're very lucky and find some good treasure or trigger a fortuitous random event, you will constantly be coming up short on cash. Also, not every port even has a shop or a way to repair your ship, so even if you have the money, if you're low on fuel/supplies/HP and not near a port that can help you, you're screwed.- Probably the biggest issue I've had with the game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor UI design when it comes to the in-game Journal, where quests, objectives, and character qualities are located. I hope you have Notepad open in another window or a pen and paper, because most of the time this game doesn't record a damn thing when it comes to missions or objectives. Need to remember which port that thug in Fallen London asked you to deliver his illegal Crate of Human Souls to? You'll have to keep track of all of that yourself, because this game isn't gonna remind you, oh no, that would make it far too convenient. Everything about the Journal is confusing and lacks almost any useful information. All it does is have little cards with the name of the quest or quality, a portrait and some flavor text. The same is true for the majority of in-game items, besides the weapons and engine upgrades, which give you some stats, but again, it doesn't explain to you what those stats mean."
,Recommended,304650,30025495,Posted: 18 February,all,MarkTheMediocre,"""THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN""Sunless Sea is a lovecraftian rogue-lite, RPG, exploration game which is set in the same universe of ""Fallen London"", the browser game, where everything wants to kill you, including yourself. It's rather difficult to compare it to any other game as it appears to be the first of its kind, all other games that were similar such as ""A House of Many Doors"" were inspired by Sunless sea. It's got a beautiful yet unsettling artstyle that builds a world much bigger than what you may have originally though.Let me just make this abundantly clear from the start of this review, this game is NOT fun, and it wasn't built to be either. It moves incredibly slowly, you have to manage 3 different bars to stay alive, and every enemy you encounter is either as fast, or faster than your ship, with devastating attacks and very long ranges. You will most definitely have to run from every enemy you have the displeasure of finding, and you will most definitely find your death to the hands of such creatures, but fighting was never the point of this game. The pacing and difficult nature of the game was created to be jarringly slow, as the darkness and loneliness of the underzee envelopes you. But the game is never intense or scary, and never seeks to invoke such emotion, instead every creature and infact every building you encounter is frankly disturbing, the slow pace of your ship serves not to hinder you, but to slowly reveal the underzees horrors, evoking a feeling of discovery, and disgust whenever you find a new port.Now, you may be thinking ""Themeing is all well and good, but if the game is not fun, then what's the point? Well it's the exploration and story of the game. Every single port in the game has a story to be told, some filled with adventure, and others that reveal the dark underbelly of the fallen world. At the start of the game you choose who you were in your past life, and who you will be in the future. Are you a street-urchin(pun intended) rising from rags to riches? Or a veteran looking to write your name in the history books(or atleast have a shantee written about you) as ""The Captain who charted the zee""? Sail the dark waters and find your glory, explore the deep, hidden world of these lovecraftian horrors, and maybe even anger the gods of the zee in the process.This is the point of the review where I say all the negatives of this game, and while these cons do make the game incredibly frustrating and infuriating, just remember that I think this game is amazing and you should definitely go buy it right now.OK, on to the bad bits. You may have just read the description of this game and found the word ""Rogue-Like"" and ""Frequent deaths"". This, I had found, to be an absolutely terrible idea for a game as detailed in story as this one. You have to die atleast 5 times before you chew into the meat of this game's story. You may think of youself as a patient person, but I had to play 30 hours of this game before I actually got into the story, and I had died about 15 times. I could excuse this play time if I hadn't had to die and restart right from the beginning with nothing except for what you started with (you can choose to take some things from your previous captain, but I chose not to do so 'cause I found that that was basically cheating, but after the 10th run I realised I had to do so to stay alive).Secondly, some stories have a quick pace to them, but require you to travel back and forth across the whole map, I'm not going to spoil it, but I'm just going to say that it involved monkeys. Throughout that whole port's story, I had to go from the main island(Fallen London), all the way to the island at the other side of the map, then continously go back and forth between islands, just to complete one quest.Thirdly, the grind, it's the worst thing, it makes the game literally unplayable. OK, I lied, there isn't a grind, but I couldn't think of a better way of bringing up this subject matter. If you play this game, and you start grinding, stop, you're doing it wrong. Never should you ever have to go back and forth in a single port collecting the same items then selling it to another port for money, it ruins the game's pacing and makes the underzee a chore. If you're low on funds, adventure out to new ports in the area, their stories will most likely reward you kindly.This paragraph has been strategically placed for the average reader, by Cleverly Placed Sentences Limited. Right, now that I've got the attention of people skimming through this review I'd like to say this: If you had in anyway skipped this review to the end to find if this review had been boiled down into a number out of ten, do not buy this game. This game has nothing but reading, everything that happens is told through text, and they are definitely not gonna tell you a tl:dr if you missed it, if you're here looking for ""Sid Meier's Pirates 2"" leave immediately."
76561198001913792,Recommended,304650,14380004,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Unusual Slap,"After running out of food and out of fuel twice and making offerings of flesh to the god of the rocks, I managed to drift at a snail's pace to a port where I bought food and fuel. However, this was not before two separate sea monsters took two of my last remaining crew members, leaving my ship with just myself, two officers and 1 crew member.Leaving that port (and ignoring the undead swimming about and following my ship from beneath the waves,) I reached another port where I proceeded to play chess. I played exceptionally well, might I add. Too well, actually. No man on this port would play with me anymore and I was forced to follow an ambiguous message whispered on the winds to a hidden sea cave where I played chess with a spirit. I made one move, a bold and daring one. Take big risks and get big rewards they always say. Well I got those rewards. Unfortunately, I also got a wound. A deep wound. My third wound. After those flesh offerings to the god of rocks, my body could not withstand the pain any longer and I fell... Lost forever to the long dark.... But the end is never the end. My correspondent will take over where I left off.10/10 Would die playing chess again."
76561198046018650,Recommended,304650,19380581,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Col.Hydrogen,"Don't buy it if you're looking for a fast-paced or even medium-paced game, it actually feels really slow:-Your ship is slow:As much as I hate it, an ""exploration"" game would feel kind of shallow if you could navigate the whole map within 10 minutes, making the map larger accordingly doesn't really solve the issue if you think about it. Game is hard and unforgiving as it is, lengthening the distance to London, your home port, would make it even harder. Maybe if combat would be more profitable/complex, it wouldn't feel so tedious, which leads to my next point.- Combat is really simple:It comes down to pressing a button whenever your weapon is ready to attack, or a bit earlier for a faster shot with a slight miss chance, kiting sea creatures, and staying behind enemy ships. Furthermore, early through mid game engaging in combat is not worth the fuel, resources and risk involved given how little profit you can get, and is really only usefull to reduce your crew's terror while at sea.-Earning echoes(in game currency) is slow:I see a lot of people complaining about the grinding. I must say, you're doing it wrong. Most quests don't yield a single echo, instead, they usually pay you with merchandise, which you can sell, trade, or use for further quests. This is were it gets controversial. If you sell these quest/special items, you can earn a really quick buck, usually enough to get a really good ship relatively fast. However, if you want the best ship, this is really not enough, and the grinding game starts, usually with trade routes, and given that merchandise value does not fluctuate with time, or even between playthroughs, they are always the same routes, which gives the ""grindy"" feeling.-Reading the game story is slow.And its really what makes the whole exploration thing worthwhile, its amazingly well written, and really pushed me to try and find every story in the game. However, after 66 hours, I think I've found most (so technically, feels like I have finished it), and given the earlier points I wrote, it gets boring, but every single-player game does after a finite amount of time after you finish it, eh. :vTl,dr: Buy game if you're patient and  like: -> reading <-, so if you just skipped to tldr because you're impatient or lazy, its probably not a game for you, lol."
76561198065107009,Recommended,304650,23779181,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,"Sunless Sea, while certainly not for everyone, is a wonderful game if you are into exploration, gothic horror, H.P Lovecraft, or games with deep and hidden pieces of lore. It is extremely well-written, and the world it takes place in is fascinating (at least it was for me). However, the game has pacing issues, and can feel very slow at times, to the point where it can feel like progress is almost impossible.8.5/10"
,Recommended,304650,32530883,Posted: 18 June,all,Chepuha,"DOs:Do tail enemy ships.Do buy fuel from the devils.Do purchase provision when on Elder Continent.Do respect gods.DON'Ts:Do not flirt with a devil.Do not cut yourself if you have supplies left.Do not try to fight Momad till you have killed everything else at least once.Do not look up near the sorrow-spider nest.Do not mess with the Fathomking.Do not swim with the Drownies.Do not spar with the Colonists.Do not joke with the Khaganians.Do not ever put on a Bat mask.Do not drink with the Unfinished Men.Do not approach a lonely lady on a beach.And, to sum up, don't ever leave Fallen London. It's peaceful down here."
76561198040366412,Recommended,304650,23199494,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lake Rat,Holy crap this game is so well written. its really easy to lose yourself in this one.its also a relaxing game to play if your used to something more fast paced
,Recommended,304650,23738315,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Maya 'Romy' Kazumi,"London, late 1800s. Bats have stolen the city, taking it to deep and eldritch caverns far below the earth. Socialites rub shoulders with devils, and death is often an inconvenience at worst.This is the setting for Sunless Sea, a roguelike from Failbetter Games. If you've played Uncharted Waters, it is a lot like that series - you sail from place to place, looking for opportunity for trade and new land. Where this game truly shines, however, is the story and writing. Fallen London, the game that inspired this one, is text-based - and it shows. The writing is witty, atmospheric and clever.The gameplay is clearly not the main focus of the game, but it feels solid and fun - if slow and, at times, overreliant on opportunities the writing gives you. If you simply want a sailing/economy simulator, you may be better served looking elsewhere. However, those who take to zailing the Zee for stories and atmosphere will not be disappointed.All in all, I would wholeheartedly recommend Sunless Sea to anyone looking for a little more substance in the writing, as well as anyone who wants to experience a truly unique setting. You're bound to come back with an interesting Zee-Ztory or two."
76561198009692094,Recommended,304650,25731324,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sloth,"Love story based adventure games? Buy this game. Do not look up walkthroughs, this game is entirely story based."
,Recommended,304650,12825826,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Quadriplegic,"There are mistakes in a zee captain's life. This was not one of them. It had to die, if indeed it could be said to be living. It was a sacrifice not of its own choosing, but of something vast and compelling that had chosen for it. Had chosen for me. There were things I needed. Things I needed to know. Colours of memory and secrets that burn.Far from my birth on the street I rested in my manse, contemplating a life of luxury, filled with light. No longer fearing each time we turned from the shore that we would be swallowed whole by the dark. No more red feasts. No more nights haunted by The Eye. No more hard choices. No more regrets.From the frozen temple of Whither to the weeping stones of the Salt Lions I traveled. Laden down with the great treasures of the Tomb Colony of Venderbight and multi-hued scintillack from the Principles, the ship sped through the calm waters of the Unterzee. Above the deck, the enormous heart of something old and vicious and clever, dripping irrigo blood through the netting that held it. A king's ransom, gathered at great risk and expense from all corners of the Neath. The price agreed upon for the life of a nightmare. A thing. A friend.There are mistakes that cannot be undone. I have made many. This was not one of them."
76561197978256361,Recommended,304650,28783952,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MostlyHarmless,"It takes a while to get into the mind set of not just thinking about how to keep on surviving, but also planning ahead for the next replay after you die.  It does have a bit of a learning curve, but once you're through it, it's a really good game and very atmospheric.I've played it a lot more than I expected I would."
,Recommended,304650,25717756,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kimpira,"I really like the grim worldbuilding in this. It extends the fun and memorable world of Failbetter Games' browser game Fallen London, and that's what brought me here in the first place.That said, I really wish this was turn-based. This game's setting is lethal no matter what, but it's a lot more lethal if realtime combat isn't your thing. And with that lethality in mind, I think the game's opening would benefit from some streamlining so that you can set sail again more quickly after a captain dies. As is, there's a lot of fixed, routine stuff to click on before you get going again, and that loses its novelty after your second run. A one-click randomized character generator would help, but even after character creation, there are a few repetitive tasks to complete before departing."
76561198170752326,Recommended,304650,18688649,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Koasz,"My experience so far>Found a giant living iceberg and set a course for the NOPE direction>Killed a shark straight out of 50 shades of grey>THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN>Had sex with a squid man>Talked to a demoness she was pretty chill>Found a sentient mountain Nope.jpg>Found an island inhabited by talking rats and guinea pigs>sided with the rats>Helped the guinea pigs revolt anyway>Stole the item they were fighting over in the first place>sold that item for one thousand echoes>Found a giant moth ""I can kill this thing"">die horribly>lose everything>cry10/10"
76561198012628820,Not Recommended,304650,14090485,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,urshrew,"I wanted this game to be good, I really did, but after trying it multiple times over the lifetime of its early access, I honestly can't recommend it. It is a really great setting, great visuals, and a really unique neat idea, which is all window dressing to a what amounts to bad, clunky gameplay. I saw the game as an exploring game, with some combat, resource management, trading and basic RPG elements thrown in, like Lovecraft does Pirates. Instead it just ends up being a frustrating confusing incoherent mess. None of the parts really work. Combat is awkward, which is unfortunate, because you get in it A LOT, or are spending all your time avoiding it, which wastes so many resources, which would not be a problem if there were other ways to get them, but you are out of supplies and fuel often before you are out of the first area of the setting. Trade is nonexistent, or rare, and exploration would seem great, but I am so busying JUST TRYING TO GET TO THE NEXT ISLAND, that I can't really enjoy it. Perhaps there is some underlying strategy I am missing, but if there is, it would have to be very convuluted and elusive. I know it is heading towards its final release, but I can't see the developers addressing the clunky gameplay by February. Even after purchasing its early release and funding its kickstarter, I will have to pass on this one."
,Recommended,304650,11226688,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Captain Ghost,I got eaten by an iceberg.Not a typo.10/10-IGN
76561198041300922,Recommended,304650,13571737,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,☩Saxon☩,"Sunless Sea is among the most difficult and challenging games I've ever played. Not only is it difficult to explore the Unterzee and learn it's secrets, it's hard enough as it is to merely survive and get by with your meager funds. In addition, the story developed as you play is both captivating and intriguing, with an overall sense of despair, cruelty and terror. If you enjoy games of unforgiving and relentless challenge and or deep, mysterious storyline, Sunless Sea is perfect for you. 10/10 it's only going to get better as the updates are released."
76561198059620828,Recommended,304650,26149787,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gryphon,Very story oriented.Put together with a lot of love.Lots of content.If you like reading.Updated with new content regularly.Lots of reading.Designed-in replayability.The reading is in little snippets.Very atmospheric.Lovecraftian.8/10
,Recommended,304650,27272097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yubermis,"Out on the Unterzee beyond the Fallen London, there are islands to be discovered and stories to be learnt. The setting of Fallen London is artfully written with influences from Lovecraft, Machen, Poe, Verne and Blackwood.First, the game is not about money, or war. It is pointless to try to get rich. Your motive should be about exploration, not starving to death and not going mad because of ghastly terror. If you like to explore, you don't have much problems about the money grind. But if you're pansy and try to farm everything possible before you sail to the Unterzee, yes, you'll have problem with the money.Pros:-Wonderful art style.-Painterly and riveting graphics.-Great amount of text if you like reading.-The game creates randomly most part of the map except Fallen London and the northern side of it.-Going mad with all crew, and cannibalize each other when there's no food left on the ship.-Great soundtrack.Cons:-All storytelling is done in text, and some of the vocabulary might be obscure for a non-native speaker.-Combat AI is not good. You can easily outflank human and pirate ships and sink them from behind. Creatures have different mechanics and they're more challenging.-With everything is in text, sometimes you feel drowned (no pun) in different screens of wall of texts. Every little action in the game has UI windows containing few lines of text.-Game has perma-death. If you don't have an heir, you're going to start all over again.-Resource managing is hard.“The sea has never been friendly to man. At most it has been the accomplice of human restlessness.”  - Joseph Conrad."
,Recommended,304650,32859534,Posted: 27 June,all,badjuju,"There is something special about this game. I can't quite put my finger on it, maybe it's the eery atmosphere, the engrossing music, or perhaps the delightful short stories littered throughtout the game. Whatever it is, the game has a certain pull to it. It draws you in, and you can't help but want to absorb and explore every inch of the Zee.+Beautiful music and aesthetics+Wonderfully written short stories+Plenty of quests/content/replayability-Somewhat clunky combatIt's worth a purchase, especially if it's on sale.OVERALL: 8/10"
76561198060262164,Recommended,304650,28260920,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,(Sm0k),"This game was amazing even in the early stages of EA.  It was a game you could play for hours, put it down for a long time, and then pick it up, start over, and enjoy it like a brand new game.  It utilized a semi-random system to determine which events are avaialable when and where, which can mean that you could visit a city MULTIPLE times and each visit would be different.And now I see theres a new FREE DLC for EA backers?Thank you so much Failbetter, you know how to do it right.  I recently quit another game (ARK) where after over a year in EA they put out a $20 DLC which basically forced you to give them more money (presumably to make up for their lawsuit which cost millions).Can't wait to experience the unterzee from unter the zee :D"
,Recommended,304650,14364438,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nahu,This game does two things better than most games: world building and atmosphere. If you appreciate that in a game you'd do yourself a disservice by not playing it. The world of Fallen London gets expanded in Sunless Sea and the weird horror atmosphere creates a very enjoyable tension while you slowly explore its dark waters.Choices are not predictable and never black and white. Trying to be everyone's friend or trying to be a bit too audacious might get you killed.Go north.
76561197973562828,Not Recommended,304650,20364140,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Orolinwe,"I have never loved a game so much that ended up frustrating me or annoying me so much.First, the good.  The game has an unbelievable atmosphere, world, and mood.  The writing is simply fantastic as many people have mentioned.  The sense of discovery, especially on your first few voyages, is unparalleled.This all led me, in the first 40 or so hours of playing, to think Sunless Sea might be one of my favorite games ever.But I gradually started realizing I wasn't actually getting anywhere in the game, and that I wasn't GOING TO get anywhere in the game unless I kept grinding, AND GRINDING, AND GRINDING, AND GRINDING, AND GRINDING...............I like hard games.  I don't have a problem with games that ask for a long time investment.  BUT THE GAMEPLAY HAS TO BACK IT UP.And the actual, real, moment-to-moment GAMEPLAY of Sunless Sea is STEERING A BOAT.   That's it.STEERING.  A.  BOAT.   This is the gameplay ""hook"" that the developers of this game think is supposed to justify the (MINIMUM) 200+ hours of investment that this game is asking for if you want to actually complete it.Sorry but that's a joke.  Only a tiny minority of gamers out there are going to find this satisfying enough to carry on and put in the time investment.Most gamers, who care more about GAMEPLAY than they do about Story, Mood, Atmosphere, or just APPEARING HARDCORE, are going to be left unsatisfied and feeling ripped-off by BS RNG and BS grinding that ARTIFICIALLY extend the time investment that should be needed to advance in this game.I've put in 80 hours now and I've gotten NOWHERE in this game and left feeling ZERO sense of ADVANCEMENT.I feel ripped off and screwed over by a sadistic, smug, self-righteous development team with a massive stick up its collective rear.Sound fun?"
76561198025221062,Recommended,304650,14361792,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DeathofRats,"Sunless Sea is a great, beautiful, funny, terrifying, story driven adventure.If you like roguelikes, you'll enjoy this game. If you like story driven games, this is perfect for you.See you on the zee.Beware the Dawn Machine."
76561198054553414,Not Recommended,304650,21484975,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Canine_Shanks,"I really wanted to like this game. As a lot of other players have stated the writing is fantastic, I've played 20 hours of this game in the last several days. But I think to get the rest of the stories in the game I'm just going to watch a Let's Play while I play something more fun.The minute-to-minute play is just so boring, most of your time is spent going in between islands not doing anything. In a story-driven game it is just unbearable to have to grind money to be able to actually progress in items and ships. In twenty hours of gameplay (in merciful mode after dieing twice) I have only upgraded my ship to the Corvette and gotten a few upgrades. Most of my time is spent traveling in between ports and unlocking the different little stories piece by piece until I get too burned out by the travel time to continue.The combat is terrible, the rogue-like aspects are poorly thoughtout. I feel like this game should have 2 completely seperate modes. A Story Mode, where the rogue-like elements are cut out and it's much easier to progress in ship and upgrades and you can just relax and enjoy the stories as you go. And then a Rogue-like mode, where they add all of the randomization of islands, cut out the story completely except for random events, and add more enemies to fight with perhaps some form of strategy to the combats instead of just trading hits until someone dies.In spite of the tremendous writing, I just can't recommend this game. I think the gameplay is just too boring, and worse, it takes too long to grind any kind of money so the boring gameplay is even more obvious because you have to do too much of it to get the awesome writing. Makes me really sad because I wanted to love this game. Revamp the combat system entirely please and tone down on the grind and this game could be expanded on like forever..."
,Recommended,304650,14355945,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RedAphex,"Sunless Sea is exactly the kind of game I would expect from an indie developer. It's unique, creative, and unafraid to push boundries. The only potentially negative point I've found is that the pacing is a bit slow. It takes a good while to build up enough to really get out there and explore. Don't get me wrong, youcanexplore right away but it's highly unlikely you'll make it back to port if venturing out unprepared.The game centers around being azeecaptain in a vast, dark, underground sea. You travel from port to port trying to make money and (possibly) completing whatever destiny you chose at the beginning. The suspense comes while trying to balance resupply options for fuel and food (to avoid cannabalism), keeping your crew's terror level to a minimum (to prevent mutiny), and avoiding pirates and zee creatures.Sunless Sea is chock full of bizzare story lines, puzzles, and unusual characters in what I could best describe as being a schizophrenic's nightmare. If you're a fan of survival, horror, or immersive plot-based gaming I definitely recommend this title."
,Recommended,304650,11116793,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ian. Dao,EATEN BY GIANT TENTACLE CRAB IN PITCH DARKNESS10/10
76561197977785395,Recommended,304650,25726725,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The14th,"Do your first playthrough without Googling things. You may not live long, but it will be one hell of an experience."
,Recommended,304650,25584060,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ar Ciel,"Sunless Sea is the game you play specifically for the adventure along the way, not for the end-goal. At least in my perspective, anyway. The stories that create this world as you expand it in your quest for new trading, jobs and what-not fill this world with the strange, mysterious and compelling depth that makes up the Unterzee. Whether it's bolstering my chosen side in the Pygmie/Rat war or climbing an ice tower full of pure horror to search for my character's True Name, I know that each zailor in my line will have a unique and satisfying outing until Mt. Nomad kills me... again."
,Not Recommended,304650,34388170,Posted: 20 August,all,mech619,"The look of the game as your ship travels along new areas to explore makes it exciting, however the grind to accomplish things in the game ruins it.The story for different port areas offer something new to accomplish in the game but the task of getting to these areas is extremely dull.  When you start the game, it is with a basic ship which moves rather slowly.  This would be bareable if you did not keep the ship for long, however purchasing a new ship takes considerable amount of money, so much so that it is a dull grind.  Then there is the need to purchase a new engine for the ship, a new weapon, better light, and something to hold in your auxillary.  Fortunately there are items you can obtain to help with this, like the Memento Mori and the Serpentine Engine.  Getting these items does take considerable time though.One annoying problem in the game for me is remembering which ports sold fuel/supplies and which did not.  At one point I had to a make a decision to go to one port or another with just enough fuel.  If I choose one that did not sell any, I would have been screwed.  I had to look it up online to save me from losing my game.  If the map displayed something simple when I move the mouse over the port like a Key to state which ports sell basic goods it would greatly help.  Also, a mini map would help out so there is no need to keep looking at the map to make sure you approach an island in one direction of another to save time/fuel/supplies.Most ports have something unique you can benefit from, like collecting supplies in one area.  However, to access this, you need to have Something Awaits You In Port.  Initially this should not be a problem as your ship moves slowly enough to have this reset by the time you reach the next port.  If you obtain a faster ship though, than it is likely you will be waiting for this to pop up right outside of a port because you got there too fast.  Each port should have its on timer so players who obtain faster ships don't have to let their ship drift idly by for a minute or so, waiting for that bell to chime.Sea battles are not something spectacular.  After destroying the first few ships and zee creatures, it becomes mundane.  Either you move away to keep your distance or you move into a spot so the other ship cannot attack you.  Nothing much else to say.The music in the game is good, but limited.  There are often times when my ship is sailing and there is no music playing until I reach a port area.  Then maybe sometihing will come up for a bit but when you sail off, it will turn off for a while.  You might want to have something on to watch as you wait for you ship to reach its next destination.What I would say would have greatly improved this game would be a time system, like a way to speed up time so you don't have to spend five minutes or more waiting for your ship to reach its next port.Not a bad game but the grind to improve everything ruins it."
76561198026141912,Not Recommended,304650,13521539,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rockcake,"This game, when finished might be amazing. As it stands right now too much of the player experiences sucess is based soley on gettign lucky. Want to buy a new ship? Not getting there with anything less than 100 hours of grinding multiple characters or by getting lucky with multiple rare judgement egg drops. The commerce section of the game is just not up to par with the rest of the game. Once Failbetter fixes that then you'll be able to enjoy the great story, the cool atmosphere, and the interesting idea behind the game without having to grind a economy that you can make almost nothing from due to the fact you constantly are burning fuel and supplies that cost more than you are going to make running any kind of goods anywhere."
,Recommended,304650,24533780,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,torrenz,"A very unique game. So unique I can't think of anything to lazily compare it to, so I'll just have to essay up the things I really like about it.Atmosphere. Conveyed to you with far more lecture and suspense than most recent games would want to risk. One of the first things you can do in Sunless Sea sums the mood up pretty well: you receive a pet for your crew, the Comatose Ferret. Interacting with it reveals that it used to be happy living among its kin, until you locked it up to rot on your ship. It suffers. If you wake it up it bites you. It is pretty much useless. Eventually, you can have it fashioned into a ferret-coat to gain a few stats.Most people in Fallen London are miserable ferrets. Jostled helplessly in their prisons, at the mercy of inconceivable forces. The few bold souls that venture out to lay claim to some material or spiritual ambition quickly end up dead, or worse. You are an insignificant struggler, soon overwhelmed and erased - your only hope is that you are not forgotten by those who might follow in your footsteps.As you explore the zee, you will find many tasks to follow and decisions to make. Maybe even too many to keep track of between sessions. Fortunately all your interactions and objectives are reviewable as items in your Journal, along with the status of individuals, nations and other powers you've encountered. There is also a Curiosities section of the inventory with no carrying limit, where the game will store your abstract possessions such as information, debuffs and special conditions, also in the form of items. This system of retaining almost everything as an item allows the vast varieties of event triggers and quest states to remain transparent for the player.Roguelike elements are present, but do not clash with the semi-persistent progression. Death means you have to start over with the entire world and most resources reset, but exploring the world becomes easier as you learn of its risks and opportunities, and you will unlock more upgrades to pass on to your next captain.RNG is a factor almost everywhere, but is applied expertly; never do I feel entirely at its mercy. You'll learn which stats to boost to improve your odds in specific situations, and there are often options to back out of risky gambles or ways to influence outcomes using resources. Chance doesn't work entirely against you either, as there are methods to get out of disastrous situations with a little luck... or at the very least you'll know to better pick your fights next time.Not everything is intuitive, but it doesn't have to be - there's such an abundance of paths and path-forks that it hardly matters where you start. You can chase whatever seems most interesting to you, and you will inevitably learn about most things around it. That's a vague description of how I felt while playing, but I think people are bound to have wildly differing experiences with this game. If you like to toil for hours trying to understand the game organically I can confirm you will have a blast, and a tremendous amount of playtime. Fifty hours in I am still accumulating knowledge and incrementally improving, it still feels rewarding and there's still tons of content I haven't explored. Using the term ""learning curve"" is hardly doing it justice, it's more a series of learning rollercoasters.That's my overview of the gameplay. There's good things to be said about prose and soundtrack, but they are more matters of taste. I can't think of anything strikingly bad in this game, probably due to lack of comparison. Well, maybe engine power could be made more useful. Or maybe the huge $5000 engine could have a percentage sellback value like other equipment, instead of being worth nothing after purchase. That is the only major pitfall so far I would've appreciated being informed of and that I'd recommend new players to avoid.One last thing. I think there could be more of this. In many ways the concepts of the game appear to me very expandable. There's a lot of stuff. They could easily add more stuff. There could be another game in the same frameworks, but with new stuff. I want that stuff.EDIT: new stuff confirmed!"
76561198006032572,Recommended,304650,12784509,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Daedalus,"Some of the mechanics remind me of Sid Meier's Pirates, but it's a really dark, story-driven game. One of my favorites.And even though it's still early access, the devs have been putting great work into it. After lackluster reactions to combat, they completely scrapped and reworked the system. Can't wait to see the final product."
,Recommended,304650,11129653,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Isopod,"DO YOU LIKE BOATS?DO YOU LIKE EXPLORATION?DO YOU LIKE THE TERRORS THAT LURK IN THE DEEP?DO YOU LIKE LIVING NIGHTMARES THAT TORMENT YOU EVERY MOMENT OF YOUR EXISTENCE?YOU DO?That's kind of weird.On an unrelated note, this game is great and you should play it."
76561197968509286,Not Recommended,304650,25661756,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,fewwdragon,"Didn't really like it. This is the first time a rougelike game wasn't enjoyable to me. The story, art, and ambiance are amazing. The game play is slow, tedious and boring. The first time you discover something its pretty neat but discoveries and random  events seem few and far between. Combat is pretty bad and there are long gaps when you are doing nothing."
76561198115220100,Recommended,304650,23186704,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Mppqlmd,"This is simply the best game i have ever, ever, ever played.The gameplay is simple, slow, and you could think that it's boring. The game only relies on narration and atmosphere, and letting you live strange and amazing stories in what is, to me, the best universe invented for a video game. It is funny, scary, touching (how i cried for Pigmote island...), simply amazing.Don't worry about the echoes (money). Don't worry about dying, and take your time to discover the hundreds of things that can happen to you in the Neath."
,Recommended,304650,14425203,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dune Tiger,"A quick perusal of the screenshots, some reviews, and perhaps a video or two may still leave you wondering just exactly what Sunless Sea is.  Though I have barely scratched the surface of it as its pace is deliberate, what you are looking at is essentially an interactive choose-your-own-adventure.  Wait, don't go!  This isn't a bad thing at all and you may wish to stick around to see why.First off, if you are familiar with the browser game,Fallen London, then you will feel right at home; otherwise, if you're on the fence, I would recommend you go sign up and play a little bit of it to get a good idea of what Sunless Sea has in store for you (and it's worth it because it's free).  Essentially, Sunless Sea shares a lot with the mechanics of Fallen London - that is to say that you will spend most of your time going to places and doing interesting things - but the main difference is that you now have a little ship and must sail the darkness of the unterzee.Unter-whatnow?The short of it is that at some point in time, London fell underground, among a few other cities, and is now surrounded by a vast subterranean saltwater abyss known as the unterzee, home of zee-monsters, tomb-colonists, and a whole other slew of Lovecraftian nightmares.  UnlikeFallen London, which mostly keeps your feet planted on the ground,Sunless Seaputs you in the role of a Zee Captain (one of many - this is a roguelike, after all), charged with exploring the darkness and discovering all of its secrets.  Well, small correction there - you can actually select your current captain's ambition, which doesn't necessarily mean ""explore everything"".Throughout the game, you will make your way from place to place, discovering ports, creatures, horrors, and whatever else, all told through wonderfully-crafted prose.  The basic nature of it is that in each location, you will be able to start 'stories' or 'storylets' that play out like a choose-your-own-adventure, but not all are self-contained.  Often, by completing certain story sections, you will gain 'traits' that can describe anything from basic supplies to fragments of information.  You'll need these to earn money and other traits that will help you along with other stories you discover, but precious fuel and food is always short in supply and pricey to boot.  You need these, of course, to manage your ship which is your main means of transportation and also your only avatar, but fear not - it has cannons!Marking this game away fromFallen Londonproper is the exploration component in which you actively sail and manage your ship and crew, fighting off dangers and discovering new places and things.  While the browser game has the benefit of always-updated and changing content, there is more than enough buried inSunless Seato keep you occupied until the next expansion pack.  That being said, the game moves at a deliberate and relaxed pace, but make no mistake that this is a simple walk in the park - tension exists in the form of hostile things, and the further away you sail from London, the more dangerous it gets.As such, there is a bit of a grind element to the game, but it is a rogue-like, after all, in the sense that if your captain dies, he or she isn't coming back.  However, there is the saving grace that should you survive long enough to author a will, you can pass a lot off (including the map you've explored) to the next captain.  But, of course, you still have to grind that new guy up just like you did the last one, so repetitiveness will inevitably sink in without someone constantly writing new stuff behind the scenes.That being said, if you really enjoy discovery and have an active imagination, then this game will delight you, especially if you have any inclination towards Lovecraftian-style writing.  The world ofSunless Seaand indeedFallen Londonis not a rose-tinted one; it is grim, foreboding, yet darkly humorous and whimsical at the same time.You won't hear a single word spoken in this one - it's all text driven, accompanied by haunting tunes and the constant hum of your ship engines chugging away at the black below, but if you let yourself sink into this world, you'll come to love it just like its parent game."
,Recommended,304650,14355300,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,totally.aimless,"Sunless Sea is an amazing roguelike game that seamlessly blends together Victorian aesthetics, Lovecrafitan style horrors and a vast open world to explore.Anything can happen on the Zee, so keep your wits about you as you sail the dark, murky waters, guided only by your sense of adventure.I love everything about this game! It deserves the 10/10 from Eurogamer."
,Recommended,304650,26037864,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"Sunless Sea is the hardcore version of Faster Than Light. And it's a lot more in-depth in every way possible than FTL.You are a captain of a sea vessel and you basically carve out a legacy for yourself and pass it on to your children or die at the bottom of the sea with noname etched in the history books. While the story for FTL is almost like the plot of Star Wars IV: A New Hope (well a much more basic version if it)...you have to reach the federation with 'data' you stole from the rebels.You have to take great care of not only yourself, but your vessel and your crew. Choices you make in the game will have a big impact as the game progesses. While as FTL you make your choices....and your done right then and there, no real ""side of caution"" just pick choice A or choice B.Before I continue. The reason why I am comparing FTL to this game is that a lot of people have made the same comparisons or contrasts. Depending upon your point of view. FTL is basically the kiddy version while Sunless Sea is the hardcore version, like I mentioned at the start of this review. Yes, it's two different games but the mechanics are almost simliar.Moving on....Sunless Sea you actually care about the people you meet and the people you take along with you on your ship. While FTL it's just sprite characters with no real connection. Sure you can roleplay and try to make it look like you care. But in the end it's just shrugs and ""mehs"". Sunless Sea characters are fleshed out with their own background and set of perks. Which by the way can be said the same of the races in FTL but that only applies to the races and not the invdiual characters.Economy in Sunless Sea is obviously different from FTL but it is handled a bit differently. Economy in Sunless Sea (like all other RPG games) is handled by doing quests, trading, and other things. While FTL it's just handled through combat situations and doing quests....if your lucky to get such things that is. For those who are saying earning ""echoes"" (which is the economy in Sunless Sea) is hard, it's because you have to go outside your comfort zone and explore far more reaching dangerous areas and do more and more quests that take you to said locations.Combat is pretty straight forward. Sunless Sea you can buy upgrades for your ship to survive longer and heck, even buy ships themselves. (and I know this sounds a silly thing to compare) but unlike FTL where you have to earn it. Sunless Sea simply says ""If you got the echoes and the confidence. Then buy the ship"" each ship has it's own layout, weapons are easy to come by rather than scared like what you see in FTL.Lastly the DLC you can take control of a submarine which explores the depths of the sea. Which sounds pretty cool and also terrifying.If you want a hardcore version of FTL. I suggest getting Sunless Sea it's a very fun game to play."
,Recommended,304650,29151643,Posted: 9 January,all,SabreTheMoment,Pros:Intriguing worldWell paced progressionexcellent storytelling (a con if you hate reading)Large amount of contentTame learning curve as rogue-likes goCons:Caused me to spend more time reading Lovecraft than actually playing the game ;)
,Recommended,304650,28320955,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,redwing4230,"I've been playing this game off and on for the past two years, and I have yet to grow tired of it.  The writing is top notch, and the game itself continues to evolve as the creators seamlessly add more content.  There is certainly a learning curve to Sunless Sea, but all parts of it are satisfying.  There is a palpable feeling of dread that not only hangs over the early stages of the game, but anytime you encounter a new situation.  The game can be slow, and it is a game about exploration and commerce, so combat is merely passable most of the time.  This game may not be for everyone, but if you enjoy exploration, a good story, and an excellently crafted world, then you should give Sunless Sea a try."
76561197997529945,Not Recommended,304650,29971698,Posted: 16 February,all,Serious Sofa,"When I bought this game I was well read up on the mixed opinions and figured it was worth the risk; the pros seemed worth it as someone who really enjoyed atmospheric Lovecraftian stuff.I do believe there are some strong elements to this: the actual text and the stuff you can come across in your discoveries can be really memorable, and the base premise remains enticing.Unfortunately, it's weighed down by an incredibly tedius and grind heavy game. I made a similar complaint with Darkest Dungeon that the grind holds back some of the enjoyment, but I believe that game is able to still stand strong on it's gameplay, presentation and graphics/music. I can't say the same here....Yes, I've only played about 2.6 hours. Having said that, most of those 2.6 hours were spent just steering the boat in a direction, hoping to come across something interesting or supplies. I would come across things just tantalizing enough to get excited, believing something big was on the way or I might be thrust into some new adventure. Usually I just wound up starving to death at sea and some cannibalism. Not nearly as exciting as horrific as you'd want to belive.Right now the game is free to play, and you can get it on sale for 6.50. You might be able to have better fortune than I had for that kind of deal, but for the baseline 19$ I paid for it, having some kind of enjoyment in the first two hours is pretty important.So in shortPROS:+ Unique setting+ Good writing and worldbuilding can stir you to excitement when finding a new location, if for a moment+Lovecraftian, I'm a sucker for that sort of thingCONS:- Slow, way too slow. I'm not looking to prosper and win or anything, but I'm hoping to at least have a gripping descent into death and insanity before my legacy turns to ash and my boat sinks- Grindy. You 'inheret' some of the findings and fortune from any previous, unfortunate members of your family upon a death, and the game seems to put a lot of emphasis on this. Grinding is bad.- Paltry assests. The art for this game is painfully underwhelming, to the point where some otherwise disturbing happenings are lessend by some mediocre renditions- more than that, apparently a lot of it is recycled from some of their previous titles. That's just weak- music and visuals can be a make or break element in a game banking on atmosphere and forging a narrative, and should be given some serious handling.-Maybe it's just because I never got past the early stage of the game where I'm essentially just some sap in a dingy with a pea shooter strapped to the back, but the combat is incredibly tedius, a mishmash of real time aiming and manuevering coupled with timed button pressing. Even when something is happening, it's still just not that compelling.FINAL VERDICT: I dunno. I want to believe there's some merit to be found in this after toughing out the cons, but I wasn't able to find it and after several hours in I was starting to feel mostly disappointed more than anything. I think this is worth trying since it's currently free for a few days and you can buy it on sale for 6.50... But don't buy it for more than that, and not before you try it for yourself.Having said that, I can't reccomend it under any other circumstance."
,Not Recommended,304650,14395052,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheSilverHammer,"I am not sure why there is all the hype and super positive review for this game.  Early on I watched some lets play (about 6 months before release) and this game looked cool from those videos.  Then it came out and I got to play it for myself.My impressions from the videos is that the game took place in an undersea area where spooky things happened.  You were a trader / adventuer.   You would explore for goood trade routes and ocassionaly do certain kinds of quests.The reality is quite different.1.  You do not really trade.  You are not finding good prices in one port and finding a destination port to sell things for profit.  In fact making money in this game is incredibly hard (any decent amount).   Basically there are a few repetable quests that can make you a fair chunk of change.  These get boring and tedious as you spend so much of your time doing nothing but slowly saling around.  Even this might be OK, except that these repetable quests dry up after a few runs.  I have found 3 of them and all three of them go away after several runs.2.  The questing is somewhat abitrary on what quests you get and even then, there is very little information given.  For example, someone wants a certain kind of object.  Where you would aquire such an object is NOT given, nor is any kind of reward information.  You may end up doing a quest like this, and get a trivial reward that is totally not worth the effort.Baiscally this game is a long, dull, grind to get anything done.  Even if you decide to take up piracy, which is at least somewhat interesting, the rewards are random and 95% complete junk.  You take out some other ship, take some damage which is expensive to repair and for your effort you get a single bottle of wine (which isn't worth jack).Again, I am completly stumped as to why people actually like this game."
,Recommended,304650,19260529,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RTKrandomizer,"If you don't want to read, don't play this game. If however, you are a fan of interesting settings, bizarre adversaries, and baffling items, then I would definitely recommend this game. The combat is a tad weak, but the writing more than makes up for it.Fans of H.P. Lovecraft will definitely enjoy this game!"
76561198180940251,Recommended,304650,29496916,Posted: 25 January,all,Zer0,"Sunless Sea is a particular little game, one which places yourself as a captain of a somewhat fine ship. A captain out to explore the perilous darkness of the Zee. The art style is fairly unique, not offensive to the eyes, and very fitting for the theme. The game is chock-full of stories and quest lines to follow, which speaking of, the writing. Sunless Sea possess some of the finest literary technique, as to other games on the market. A good chunk of the game is paragraphs of textual storytelling, which serve to advance stories and broaden lore. The mythology of this game is spectacularly fleshed out, gothic, Lovecraft, and steampunk elements present, and further more. A very whimsical and dark, and always interesting story.But this is not a game suited for a fast paced, action-oriented compulsion. The game requires patience and strategy. When you are for engaging in text based stories, you’ll be cruising around in your ship on the Zee. A real-time combat system is present to fight the monsters you’ll encounter, but it is quite simple, and probably one of the weakest aspects of the game. Outside of combat is very little in terms of actual gameplay besides exploring around, as the main aspect of Sunless Sea is in the writing. So much so it’s pretty much a literal “visual novel”. Without outside sources, the game has a learning curve, as is the case with rogue-like games (which can be considered a positive or negative). In addition, it takes a long while for the player to actually reach a big chunk of the content. This might drive away more casual players, and might be a huge deterrence.All in all, If you are not a fan of literature or doing a lot of reading, you will be missing a big aspect of the game, and I would not recommend it to you purely because the “action” aspects won’t be worth it. As well, lnoger grinds for more content is not appealing, I would NOT reccomend this game under any circumstances. However, if you are a fan of well-written classy literature, I would recommend this game. As one final note, the current price is admittedly rather high, so definitely get it on sale if you plan on picking it up."
,Not Recommended,304650,14662641,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Catharsis,"Neither the simplistic and grindy gameplay elements, nor the perma-death mechanics does many favours for this game. The stories and islands you'll discover might seem interesting and mysterious during your first run, but when my first captain died, and I discovered I had to go through the exact same events I had already done only to get back to the point in the story I was at on my first captain, It soured me a lot on the game.It also does not help that the game is a grind extraordinaré, and exploration is often punishing if you are not properly prepared(which you usually need to grind supplies for). In addition, the combat is extremely simplistic, repetitive, and the AI can be easily exploited.Seriously, this is a game that would have worked better as a Choose Your Own Adventure-game, as the gameplay elements add almost nothing of value."
,Recommended,304650,14429138,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,AgentS7,"Listen: the water slaps against the ship. Look: the lights of home fade into the darkness.The darkness encloses you in infinite possibilities. Some slumber beneath the water. Some, more worryingly, wake. But the ship sails on.Sunless Sea isn't quite about exploration, nor is it entirely about combat. It seems to be about a certain mood--something wistful, melancholy, and beautiful all at once. There are wonders out here, yes, but the warmth of home is far away. It's one of the most atmospheric games I've ever played, and can in the space of a few hours be horrifying, beautiful, heartbreaking, and surprisingly funny.It's also immensely difficult. You will die. A lot. And though you can carry over certain things between characters with a Legacies (you get at least one, and can earn more), it's still possible to LOSE a legacy. But these deaths give the game a lot more weight. You find yourself connecting with your characters and your randomized world more, and you can pick different choices in a second--or third--or fourth--playthrough.While the game is a lot more balanced in favor of the player than it was a few months ago (thank God), be aware that it'll still probably be tweaked a bit more over the course of 2015.TL;DR: get the thing. Also, stock up on food and fuel. Being alone at sea in a ship that can't move, with a crew that can't eat...well, goodness. You would be in quite the pickle, wouldn't you? Or perhaps you'd just be pickled..."
,Recommended,304650,14360820,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Raesh  ҉,"A game that will make you want to embark on an epic voyage across the Unterzee, face unbelievable horrors of the Neath, sell your soul to a deviless, meet pirate monks, become a connoisseur of human flesh, and, eventually, go mad and eat your crew, just so that you can read another piece of story. It also features blemmigans, and lets be honest, you can never have enough blemmigans. I'd even say that you will meet a spaceship full of bats from the outer space, and that you can visit the sea more sunless but hush, the ministry of public decency is ever vigilant!"
76561198028686775,Recommended,304650,12998945,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,faylewindflair,"If Skyrim and Black Flag had a Delicious baby, and that baby was born in an Indie hospital....  this game would brag about eating it.10/10 Would Cannibal again!"
,Recommended,304650,11048717,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Malero,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t66Pb_cn1mAI've played Sunless Sea for close to 5 hours now and I still feel like there's so much more to learn and experience. I feel like I've barely scratched the surface. I love games like that! By this time in most games, you have a pretty good idea of how to play the game and what you need to do to win. That's not the case in Sunless Sea. The game is more like a choose your own adventure novel with a few video game mechanics, a relaxing soundtrack and some fantastic graphics slapped on top of it.You tend to lose yourself as well as your track on time when you're reading a good book. Sunless Sea has pulled me and I don't care to be let go."
76561197996009105,Recommended,304650,14394651,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TrapezoidalMonkey,"It's as if Don't Starve and FTL eloped on a steamboat to a dystopian subterranean London and had a freaky, creepy tentalcle-baby."
76561197972431515,Recommended,304650,29973956,Posted: 16 February,all,This Is Fine,"I play games to relax, and I like games that let me explore. I like games that give me decisions to make, that allow me to feel like my crew is my own. I like games with enthralling atmospheres. It also happens that I like to read.If you are like me, give this game a chance to get its hooks into you. Taunt the dark gods. You'll be glad you did.If you want challenging combat or a survival horror thrill ride, don't bother. It's all about the lure of the Zee... I think this is a game where you either ""get it"" or you just don't. I didn't really appreciate this game at first. Once I took some time to get over the (for me) steep learning curve of my early deaths, I became a little obsessed.I will give some warnings though:1. You're probably smart enough to avoid the obvious deaths in this game. That's why it's the little things that will kill you. It can be frustrating, but I've never really felt like my death was unfair. It was always because I pushed my luck just a little too far.2. I wish the music played more consistently. It's probably my biggest complaint about this game.3. Some people complain about the journal in this game. They are right - it's not just incomplete, it's actively frustrating to use. I haven't found it to be a deal breaker though. If you don't find yourself oddly adept at remembering quests as I have, you can always write things down."
76561197962644276,Recommended,304650,13439943,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AgitatedButter,This is a fantstic game. It is the right mix of story and challenging gameplay with a Dwarf Fortress style learn form your mistakes mantra. The legacy options when you die make you want to start again right away and forge ahead. I have played the browser game for a number of years and love the world of Fallen London that Fail Better has created. I am so happy I get to explore Fallen London in a much more immersive enviroment that retains the charm and asthetics of the original browser game. This is a must have for people interested in 2d exploration games with a strong story and focus on world building.
,Recommended,304650,22669308,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,notserial,"Failbetter Games has created a lovely, strange, dark and often humorous world. I love the flexibility offered for building your own narrative within this game. I would strongly recommend Sunless Sea to anyone who likes Welcome to Nightvale or Alice Isn't Dead, in particular."
,Not Recommended,304650,12471222,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ethics Gradient,"This is a review of the game as it stands on 12 October, 2014.The horrible combat system combined with the severe resource scarcity makes getting started in this an exercise in absolute frustration.  In about 2 hours of playing I've racked up about a dozen restarts, and I don't think I've had a single game last more than about fifteen minutes.  You'll constantly encounter enemies which can effortlessly outmanouver, outshoot, and outrun you, while your ship wallows through the turns like a pregnant water buffalo and your deck gun seems to be incapable of hitting anything outside of point blank range.Which would be fine, if there were ways to avoid combat, or if there were some reward for being victorious.  Except there isn't; the combat stands firmly between you and the rest of the game.There are enemies that make hamburger out of you every single direction you go from the starting location, and even if you get lucky and beat one of the bad guys, they respawn every time you hit port, and the minor salvage you get from them doesn't even remotely make up for the cost in fuel, supplies, and repairs in fighting them.  Turning off the deck lamp, while supposedly making you less visible, doesn't have any noticeable effect, and even starting with the 'stealth' background, turning off the lamp, and kicking on the engine-damaging overstoking isn't enough to get you past any of the enemies with any degree of reliability. Avoiding them doesn't work, going toe-to-toe doesn't work, trying to kite them has about a 50% chance of winning the fight, but you almost always take at least one hit and don't have the money to fully repair, meaning you're basically hosed on the next fight (which you'll have to deal with, because of the respawning).I want to believe that there's a great story and fun experience in there somewhere, and I'd really love to be able to rate this game based on those instead of the horrible combat and terrible ship handling, unfortunately, the combat is incredibly frustrating, prohibitively difficult, absolutely unavoidable, and is currently standing between me and the rest of the game.  More or less every game so far has involved me watching the ship trundle slowly through the ocean for a few minutes, until it gets ripped apart by the first, or sometims the second (or, on a single memorable occasion, the third) enemy unit I run into.In its current state, not at all recommended.  Not even on sale."
76561197970571810,Recommended,304650,12453888,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ExHippy,"This game is pretty much in a genre of its own. You play as the captain of a small ship trying to scrape a living from a massive underground sea. This is done by trading, fighting monsters/pirates and playing a number of text based adventures when in port.The game is a rougelike with an optional non-ironman mode where you can enable in game saves. If you do decide to play it as the makers intended expect to die a lot and have to restart more or less from scratch.Based on the Fallen London universe (where a Victorian London has been dragged down to the depths by a bunch of bats, no I'm serious) the game has a hard to describe off kilter weirdness to both the gameplay and the writing. If you're bored of the same old fare and are looking for something different then this definitely qualifies."
76561198076528878,Recommended,304650,24705114,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,clobeep,"This is literally one of my favorite games I have ever played, the world is so expansive and detailed, the number of stories available is amazing. I have numerous playthroughs in  this game numerous times and have not gotten bored of it, not to mention I've played for 120 hours and have yet to finish it in the first place. The only thing its lacking is good character art in my opinion. 9.5/10 (super excited for the new zubmariner DLC)"
,Recommended,304650,28196416,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Voice of the Miner,"""The Zee,"" the man says, smelling of salt. ""There is no place in all the earth as terrible as the Zee. More men have died by the zee then I can count, and yet more throw themselves to it's mercy,"" he laughs, ""and it has little of that, I assure you."" As he speaks, you begin to notice things; a stub where a finger should be, a massive scar across his shoulder, a tattoo, faded with time. Yet all of these seem secondary to the glint in his eye, a crazed wanderlust that sings of distant shores in dulcet tones. ""I have seen things, out on the Zee. I have witnessed zaylors, stolen from the deck of a ship by tentacles so large that they dwarf the bazaar, I have seen the place where the drownies sing in their underwater catherdrals, I have even seen the place of dreams, Irem, where men deal in secrets and stories."" He is smiling now, reveling in any audience willing to listen to his old zee-stories. ""Why I could tell of you my runs as a merchant from Mt. Palmerston to Khan's Shadow, selling devil-bone dice to those old barbarians for a profit you wouldn't see here in Lodon. Why I've even seen..."" He's paused, and his smile begins to fade. ""I've...I've seen..."" He shivers, and he turns his old eyes on you. ""Don't go to zee. You will not escape. You can't escape. It promises wealth, but it will only swallow you whole. The zee has eaten my father, his father, and his father before him. It almost ate me."" He shivers once more, before looking east, towards the great, black Unterzee, and its strange and shifting isles. ""And somehow, it still calls me."" He shakes his head. ""It will eat me yet, mark my words. It will eat me yet..."""
76561197970591211,Not Recommended,304650,19328582,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Eversor,"While SS is definitely deep and interesting under most aspects, the bad thing about this game is it's pace.It's terribly slow to play and most of the times you die and lose (almost) everything you did but the knowledge of the game ""rules and mechanics"" you acquired. Then you start over trying to remember everything that happened of useful in the last game and try to repeat... this isn't exactly a fun thing when it means you have to spend hours redoing things ,and when i say redoing i mean reading and reading and reading pages of text you already read.And this is a problem if when you read you have to do it on a very small window (say 1 half of 1/4th of the screen) and you cannot zoom the interface to be fullscreen without changing the gameplay resolution.So if you have a BIG screen and a huge amount of time this game can give lot of entertainment. Otherways steer away."
76561198065493472,Recommended,304650,11013236,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SweetClover,"As a lifelong reader, writer, and daydreamer, one aspect that I look for in games is a captivating atmosphere. I want to feel drawn in to a game; I want to feel like I'm living a story, with countless possiblities spread out before me. I want to act and react to the game with my gut, pulled in to its world by the writing and music and life of it. This holds for any type of game for me, be it RPG or FPS or RTS. I don't care what it is, I just want to truly feel a part of it, and to actually care about what's going on with my characters/game world/what-have-you.Sunless Sea delivers. I knew I wanted it from the first five minutes of watching an LP of the game, and I have not been let down. This isn't a game for an impatent player. If you jump from thing to thing without reading the story or listening to the ambient sounds -- without letting yourself really soak up the game -- you're bound to lose interest fairly quick, to be fair. However, if you like to be immersed and take your time, and really allow yourself to feel... Well, I can't recommend this game enough. It's... Creepy? Unusual? Atmospheric? Thought-provoking? Exciting? Chilling?It's poignant.There we go."
76561198028859731,Not Recommended,304650,12427403,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Malikyte,"Excellent premise, poor execution. The grind for the in-game currency is dull and unrewarding (don't even think about combat in the early game until you manage to grind up enough cash for an upgrade), there's a lot that apparently isn't even in the game (in spite of the fact I've had it for quite some time now - to be fair, it's still Early Access....), the new combat system consists of dancing around the screen trying to keep your enemy in the radius provided by your foreward gun (to be frank, the old system was better, at least it took a little bit of strategy)... Like I said, the game's got a great theory behind it and seems to have a decent enough story (whatever of it you actually get to see thus far), but the gameplay itself just isn't there.It really is a shame. I bought it because it looked neat, the art style is appealing, and the project seemed to have some real potential. Sadly, it's a long way out from being a great game. If I were to go back in time, knowing what I know about the game now, I wouldn't have bought it. But since I already have it, all I can do is let it update and check back in on it every few months to see if it's gotten any better."
76561198070800079,Recommended,304650,11046592,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,(>0_0)>,"Picked a fight with a living iceberg, and bought a cask of human souls. 9/10"
76561197998002169,Recommended,304650,12584904,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,gmike92,"Ive been playing this game for about a week now. Yea, it's most certainly in beta, but by the gods this game is fun! The random events give the game a lot of depth. The did a great job at balancing the gameplay. It's fun and complex yet a game that you want to take your time at. There is no speed running this game.I have died a few times. Mainly because most of the videos I saw before hand had the old combat system. Dying is not a terrible thing in this game, though, it has certain advantages. I have yet to explore the full map, so I have had some trouble making large amounts of money. Though, i suspect there is something out there, somewhere out in the dark zee that will finally bring me my riches."
,Recommended,304650,24937046,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[DAGZ] impydog,Dripping with story and atmosphere.  Slow moving but worth the journey.  The soundtrack and art are also excellent!
76561198036747097,Recommended,304650,23547791,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[J.P] rex cs.deals,"~This is one of the most amazing, ruthless, unforgiving yet amazing and i would say a piece of art. But before I can say anything about this game, make sure to have an open mind and forget about any prejudice with games that uses this kind of camera / gameplaySunless Sea was created by a small gaming studio called Failbetter Games from London, they also created Fallen London, a browse game using the same universe but in alot simpler way, it also was a free game. It has a lot of good points, and some bad points that I´ll be listing below:Pros:Extremelly deep and complex history, lore, characters, enemies and questsTotally creative in its approach (where I say approach, read gameplay, gamestyle yara yara yara)Dynamic combat system (It is good to add that the dev are always changing and making the game better. They completely changed the combat sistem after a lot of feedbacks from the community)AMAZING AND WONDERFULL locations and atmosphereThe map is randomly spread out, its always the same islands but spread in different locations on each gameplayA lot of end possibilitiesRPG elements, that mixed with different endings and starts, give the game a LOT of replayabilityDev are quick to answer and care a lot about bugs and how to improve the gameUnique and AWESOME soundtrackConsOnly in EnglishDifficult english for those who are not used to itThe game is very very difficult, even for hardcore playersThe lore and objectives, although might seem explicit on the start, are vague and cand lead to a wrong interpratationHaving these Pros and Cons I´ve reached the followuing conclusion: Sunless Sea it´s a great game, but not for everybody. If you are a casual gamer, who only plays little hours a week and doesn´t have a lot of time to put into reading and looking on the internet how to solve some quests, this game is not for you. But if you´re like me, who can love a game and see it like a work of art and can really dedicate yourself to understanding, this is tha game for you. As a first glimpse you can find the game boring and without any leads, but if you take your time to read the details of your crew, of the wolfstack docks and even to look on the internet, you´ll find the game to be brilliant and amazing!Hope to have helped you guys decide what decision to make! See ya!"
,Recommended,304650,14365711,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Monkphin,"Ran out of food. Was devoured by crew. 10/10..A clever, witty roguelike, set in Victorian era London, if London had sunk to the bottom of the zee. Somewhere between HP Lovecraft, Charles Dickins and Herman Melville, Sunless Sea tells, or rather lets you tell a compelling story of terror, sea faring, intrigue and humour.Death is a constant companion, watching as you fumble around in the dark waters, waiting for you to run out of food or fuell. or perhaps to get eaten by one of the giant creature roaming the stygian wastes.While the game can be punishing, the rewards are worth the risk. The longer you spend in this game, the more you get out.. Further, the story can and does change on each successive playthrough.I honestly dont have enough good things to say about Sunless Sea."
,Not Recommended,304650,19576926,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Qpid,"For a game about exploration, I found it to be too ""punishing"" for any type of exploration to be enjoyable. The cost for resources are too high, compared to rewards, that you either luck out on map RNG and have the few high reward islands near the capital, at which you can get enough money to have some fun...or the map is such that the capital is in the middle of nowhere causing you to slowly bleed resources until you will not have enough to leave port.The devs say up front that your character is supposed to die over and over, but still, it seems too strict. While interesting, I would not recommend this for someone wanting to have fun."
76561197971532050,Not Recommended,304650,12824372,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Conditional Love,"Sunless Sea is a top-down rougue-lite  boat 'em up. Interesting in concept but flawed in execution.The original combat mechanics were slow turn-based and kinda dull. Since the update combat is real time against cheating enemy AI (so best avoided although that isn't possible)  The severe resource shortage will have you grinding for hours or failing, probably both. Fortunately the devs continue to update and support the game, unfortunately there is a long way to go before Sunless Sea feels fun to play."
,Recommended,304650,26861408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[v2]sixaxis,"It's been a while since I stayed up way too late playing a game, but this one did it. I was constantly on edge, but for no discernable reason, it just seemed like I should have been. The atmosphere was creepy as a whole, and just... weird things exist and happen, not just horror for horror's sake. Horror that makes you just a bit curious to find out exactly why that happened. And what will happen if you keep going. Top down, slow, very carefully planned out and timed, have an adventure but don't get too caught up that you run out of fuel or let your nightmares catch up to you. Very cool quests, interesting bartering system, pick your own goals, continue with new characters and a different map, overall just a very engaging game."
76561197992082934,Recommended,304650,14700990,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Captain Suction,"30 hours in and the game this most reminds me of, I'm proud to say, is Star Control 2. If you're old enough to remember that fondly and you haven't played Sunless Sea, then you must. Very immersive, lots of fun."
76561198026684135,Recommended,304650,14355768,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nihilism,"This is a fantastic game. Despite it's seeming simplicity, I have logged 45.2 hours on this game and that is definitely not something I do very often.I think what I like most about this game is the art and the constant sense of subtle unease it instills. The world of Fallen London is an inhuman and unhealthy place. Mysterious and beautiful.I can't reccomend this game enough!"
76561198007268745,Not Recommended,304650,19322519,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Konstantine,"I like the idea, but the grind is just to much...You start with almost no resources, the missions barely pay for your fuel, and you don't have the money or room to really trade. After a while the novelty of the game wears into a grind to barely survive. Maybe if I had 1000 hours and nothing else to do..."
76561198064358311,Recommended,304650,30593798,Posted: 18 March,all,Tyr Lion,"What it isSunless Sea a very misunderstood game. It's a great game of secrets and stories and sailing the Zee. It's a game that allows you to experience the wonders of exploration that we rarely see nowadays. It's also very hard and fairly realistic in it's portrayal of what beeing a young sailor is like. The Zee is your enemy and will do it's best to kill you and/or drive you insane. But once you learn the ropes, read some guides by more experienced sailors and learn the ways of the Zee it becomes your ally. Your one true mistress. The one you never leave for good and always offers you comfort and hope in the Eternal Darkness of the Neath.It is a beautifull game of exploration where your survival is the result of hard work and learning and understanding how Zee works. And a bit of luck with Salt's blessing.What it isn'tIt isn't grindy. It just feels that way to those new sailors who will prefer to whine and complain before eventually   leaving the Zee for good instead of taking their time to learn it's ways.It isn't a naval combat simulator or naval trading simulator. If you come looking for those the chances are you'll whine cry then leave an empty husk. That is the danger of the Zee.It isn't perfect and it isn't for everyone. But if you are cautious, plan your moves, learn from those older and wiser and give yourself the time to know the Zee by heart then you'll prosper with Salt's blessing."
,Recommended,304650,11041234,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Static,PROS:Terrifying. Well-written. Interesting. Boundless.CONS:Combat is rather unintuitive and some things require quite a bit of trial-and-error. You will die.OVERALL:Three thumbs up. Buy this game.
76561198079963413,Not Recommended,304650,21251467,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,qi.zheng,"Sunless Sea is a top-down text-driven Steam-punk naval adventure with a semi-lovecraft-esque ambiance and an emphasis on semi-random procedurally generated map, sanity and permanent-death CRPG, set neo-Victorian Gothic Era. However several bad designs deform the shiny points of this interactive novel: Unbalanced danger-reward proportion, only one battle approach and limited enemy varieties leave combat mechanic abysmally. Subsequent playthroughs aren’t compelling due to inconsequential decision results of scripted text-based interactions. HUD fails to convey essential data such as targets, rewards and methodologies because of utilizing tiny textual style which naturally has blurry impact, thus players fumble to organize in un-instinctual game. Besides sanity system isn’t indicated visually clear or clarified in User Interface. Unsustainable economic model is comprised of hunger, sanity and fuel which exhaust most resources needed to advance progression. Even though exploration is the only approach to experience storyline and achieve winning conditions of the game, players are wrongly encouraged by game economic to repeat same Fed Ex Quest using a glacial pace sprite across uneventful ocean and grinding a monotonous and time consuming trade which profits a mere pittance in order to continue exploration. Consequently the splendid writing and astonishing world setting are simply covered underneath a slow-pace grinding system because potential pitfalls is excessively overwhelming of the objective. What’s more, permanent death becomes a drag of progression system due to the fact that Sunless Sea doesn't have enough new content or gameplay to maintain a long chain of different playthroughs with a glacial slow game pace."
,Not Recommended,304650,16011631,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Scrivener,"Really wanted to like this game, but for $20, not worth it at all. I love dark and spooky atmosphere. I have a nautical soul. On paper, this is catered to me.But honestly, it just plays like an awkward and repetitive browser game with a slightly better interface. Glad lots of people enjoyed it, but man, I was disappointed and then some."
,Recommended,304650,20433683,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,NoWorries,"A dark, sunless exploration of a wacky world of exploration Victorian gothic horror. I like it. It suffers from pacing issues. I.e., much of the game you are traveling from point A to B to C without much happening in between. However, the random events and resource management necessary to survive generally lend a welcome tension.I play because I want to reach an ending. This is good. I hope my ending doesn't involve my captain's demise... but it likely will. Alas."
,Not Recommended,304650,26139094,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Orthopraxis,"I really wanted to like this game, as I am a fan of Failbetter's writing and work, however I just felt like this game wants you to be able to jump in and learn from it, to go on adventures, and fail, and learn and fail and learn... but the economy is such that everything needs cash, and cash is incredibly hard to come by unless you are reading a guide. And I don't want to follow a guide for this, I just want to get in organically and enjoy :/I bounced off this unfortunately, despite wanting very much to enjoy it."
76561197974119840,Recommended,304650,12703155,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,NuclearPony,"As a story Sunless sea is amazing.Just as a very small example Im sailing along in the pure darkness of this vast underground ocean and suddenly a tentacle reaches up from the depths. You might anticipate a fight but no, all that happens is a crewman steps forward, completly unafraid of it for some reason and it gently grabs him and pulls him beneath the waves without so much as a sound or an ounce of struggle from the crewman.And its never mention again. In the world of the sunless sea, this sort of stuff just... happens. And it will creep you the hell out. This game really really gets the concept of sublety and atmosphere.What it doesnt quite get is the actual game part. The learning curve is so steep its a cliff, home to many murderous bats who do significant damage that cant be repaired cost effectively and will end your journey often and in unsatisfying ways that feel cheap and hard to combat.The game is somewhat unintuitive and suffers from poor progression of skills and upgrades. Heck for that matter you'll often find that the rewards from completing a mission dont even go halfway to covering the costs you acrued in repairs, fuel and supplies.If this were a novel I imagine it would be one of my favourites. But its not, its a flawed game with some interesting ideas. I'd still recomend Sunless Sea but only if youre into the subject material of steampunk horror as it cant really hold up as a game alone."
,Recommended,304650,30030921,Posted: 19 February,all,Golden$Dragon,This game loooks like a good game from the first look but then you will discover that it needs a very very very good English to understand
,Recommended,304650,28341035,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,pmyarchon,"Sunless Sea is a really interesting quest with arcade elements and deep story line. To understand what is happening around you should read a lot of text spread among textual interactions. The world around you is changing and become more and more challenging. And, yes, your first captain will probably die. Second will probably die too. Later may succeed but you should understand the potential consequences of every action of yours.In early stages its necessary to have certain amount of echoes (game currency) to buy food supplies and fuel for your boat, maintain your ship hull in a good shape and have enough crew to operate your ship normally. The loot you gain after killing zea monsters can be either fragments (game XP) or supplies / artifacts. There are different strategies to fight zea monsters and enemy ships. And, yes, beware the zee bosses: they can annihilate you really fast.Play, die, play again and win!"
76561198032742599,Recommended,304650,33938423,Posted: 31 July,all,BurningLegion,"1st Captain: Eaten by a shark2nd Captain: Ship shattered by living mountain3rd Captain: Zubmarine crushed by the one true companion to all living things4th Captain: Sucked into a maelstrom5th Captain: Mutiny after doing two really stupid things in quick succession6th Captain: Starved to death after an ill-advised venture beyond the furthest EastWhat's going to happen to number seven? Winning the game, hopefully."
76561197970967930,Recommended,304650,11129999,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,A Pimpfo named Info,"For those who want a very quick review of Sunless Sea, see the summary just below:Summary positives: It has great atmosphere, promise and the content right now is hours of entertainment for those patient enough to bypass some bugs on their own and, more importantly, take on careful exploration. With the occasional hinderance.Summary negatives: Bugs, a lack of a smooth in-game report feature and imbalances in game can wear and tear on some people. But the game developers seem to be hunting these down with fervor!Also, for any new player who feels they're being broken down and dismayed - I suggest a look at the guide written here on steam, even though it contains a few spoilers, the suggestions are solid and enlightening - Or at least they felt that way to me!For a bit more lengthy read, continue below:The game offers the most for the people willing to submerge their minds fully into the zee, fueling the little strips of flavor text and embarking on great journeys - But I'm admittedly amongst the kind who simply enjoy exploration and the 'old school' touch. This game has a heap of text for a tutorial, it doesn't explain all of it and it does not point out that you're going to be in a mighty big heap of trouble if you dare challenge everything you encounter. It makes for an interesting patient-play where you want to find ways to dodge the enemies lurking in the zee, finding new places or try and guesstimate on gut feeling when you might be able to break them. Hint - It takes a long time, thus the note for patience.The atmosphere is as rich as the trailer promises and I have in, just under 20 hours, explored about 1/3rd to 1/2 of the current avaliable content, not counting the more expensive ships. The 20 Euro cost is, in my opinion, given a solid base - The game is undergoing active development, the developers have experience that makes me belive in that they have good insight into their costs and what is required to make this game happen, in full, so to speak.An example of the ongoing bugs:  I've just spent 4-7 hours doing a somewhat risky, but repeatable trade for decent profit, earning a grand total of 7200 before trading to the big cargo ship with boyishly gleaming eyes. And that is when I find out that the limit for 'Max 10 crew' does not update, even with bigger ships. This can be bypassed by going out, hunting pirates, sending crew back with them and then recruiting a new crew up to the 10 max. Rinse and repeat until you got a full compliment waiting in Fallen London, so fret not!From what I've seen of the developers behind this, they're working hard to implement a LOT more content, have a good insight into what expenses they'll need to cover and make solid, steady progress where they update on a monthly basis.Pro's:*Engaged developer crew  - They've got my vote of confidence in making this game happen.*Great atmosphere - I played long into the night and the shadows glimpsed back at me afterwards.*Entertaining events and humor - A mix of optimism and dire straits without getting silly.*As rewarding as it is grisly and tough - Nothing like winning after being beat down and bruised!*No gamebreaking bugs - Everything I have encountered can be circumvented easily.*Old school steep learning curve - Not for everyone, but I and other old gamers love this feeling!*Intuitive UI - It is not hard to figure out game elements simply by going ahead and trying.Con's:*Very grisly and tough - Not everyone likes being beaten into the ground trying to learn.*Imbalances - Inconsistences fighting some monsters can be frustrating.*Place holders can be seen early - If you sail 'wrong' you might feel the world ends swiftly.*Unintuitive tutorial - Old school textblock with little insight into parametres and game UI overview.*Moneymaking - One of the biggest complaints people have, so I'm adding this. Not sure myself."
,Not Recommended,304650,14505860,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Moleculor,"The world of Sunless Sea is an intriguing one. It's a slightly whimsical twist on an ocean-themed Lovecraftian-esque horror.The problem with this is that absent incredible graphics, it takes very high quality writing (and a lot of it) to pull off a world such as this.The writing that is present in Sunless Sea? Is good. Not stellar, but pretty good. They manage to squeeze a lot of subtle themes and a 'feeling' of the place in to a few short sentences.So what's my objection? Why do I say I don't recommend buying the game?Even though the writing is the game's 'strong' point, the point it sells itself on, the writing is merelygood.What is written is good, but there isn't enough of it and it doesn't always work perfectly. As an example (mild spoiler for an early game location), there's a mansion/house on an island with three sisters inside. If you do a thing or two in the wrong order upon discovering this house, the game mentions that you are aquainted with the sisters, but 'things have changed'... despite not having known what things were previously, giving no context for what has 'changed'. Even if you do things in the 'correct' order,nothing actually changes. The writing associated with the sisters, the mansion, their stories? It'salwaysidentical to how it was when you first met them.Then, suddenly one day, everything changes (long, long after the game suggested things were changed). Without warning. So 'things have changed' for eight identical interactions, and then suddenly once everything seems routine, things are different. It turns out that your character (or the game interface?) psychically intuits 'changes' in the world without those changes being evident in the writing presented.Similarly there's another 'quest chain' that seems merely capitalist in nature. 'Take this stuff over here and we'll pay you'. Every time you do it, it's exactly and perfectly identical, meaning that if you're here for the story or writing, it doesn't seem like there's any story or writing to be had at that location. The game interface, however, suggests the quest has further stages to it, without that implication being present in the writing.If the location in question is positioned out of the way (the map is semi-random), you then have no reason to visit the location frequently, other than to grind out money MMO-style. Then, suddenly one day without explanation, the quest changes. No reason for it changing, no explanation for why the government (the government is involved) has ceased doing things the way they always have, just... things are suddenly different. When you follow that particular quest to its end? The end is abrupt, without explanation, and seemingly pointless (""here's some money, go away"").If things are changing, if events are progressing, you'd expect the writing to reflect that. The writing does not, leaving a lingering feeling of narrative whiplash behind as the abrupt and inexplicable changes in the world happen seemingly at the roll of random dice, while the game's design expects you to realize that progression is occuring within this narrative arc based on UI tooltips rather than engaging and varied writing.The pacing is atrocious.Combat-related upgrades, short of a few early-game purchases, are entirely out of reach for any but the most experienced players, and most players can not obtain the experience necessary to become rich enough to purchase those items without winning combat reliably. A near-Catch-22. (The answer to this is avoid combat entirely, or exploit the AI. More on that later.)The writing is sparsely available. Almost all of it is relegated to far-flung ports of call, so experiencing more story or more writing (the 'strong' point of the game, and likely the reason you bought it) requires mind-numbingly boring journeys across a nearly-empty 'zee'. Vast amounts of the game involve sitting motionless at your computer, staring at your ship as it moves in a straight line from one port to the next. You occasionally might want to fiddle with the lights or might need to steer to avoid a rock or monster, but generally you'll spend easily more than half of your game staring at a boat, rather than reading.This sparcity of writing wouldn't be a problem if each port-visit brought new content, a new thing to read, something worth the time you spent 'zailing', but more often than not you'll only see the same content the last time you visited. That several-minute voyage you just made? Well, it ended in a visit to a place you've already seen, with writing you've already seen. Congrats! It's like you're re-reading the same chapter of a book over and over again. Fun, right?The combat is abyssmal.As mentioned previously, combat upgrades are not readily available even to a character that has played for a significant time. There are averysmall number of upgrades you can purchase without replacing your boat, and replacing your boat itself is prohibitively expensive. At the time of this review, I've played two captains (the first lived four hours of in-game time, the second 15-16). I never even cameremotelyclose to being able to afford a new ship hull, limiting both my upgrade options (hulls have an unlisted, unexplained maximum speed regardless of engine power, and the starter ship can only outfit one category of weapons out of three categories).This wouldn't be a problem if combat was something you had to actively seek out, but frequently you have to actively avoid combat encounters, and you'll end up needing to do that (or exploit the very bad AI) in 80% of the areas you'll be visiting.Yes, you read that right. I ended up exploring very nearly all of the available map with my second captain, and short of areas very close to Fallen London, I'd always have to avoid combat. Nearly everything outclassed me. As an example, the starter ship has 75HP. Enemies you may come across while still exploring and learning the map could have 600 or even 1000HP.In my most recent case, my fairly successful second captain, which had managed to survive and explore for 15+ hours,had his ship sunk in a combat encounter that lasted less than five seconds.From my perspective? It was a combat encounter that only occurred because this hulking behemoth (that I couldn't really see) of an enemy just happened to brush against the top edge of my visible screen. Before I even realized I was being shot at, I was under half-health. A second or two later, I was dead, and 15+ hours of exploration and work was gone.The game was asking me to explore and 'zail' in to areas where doing something that isn't even obviously a 'mistake' could end up with you dead before you even realize you're in danger.Worse yet, many of the quests in the gamerequire you to engage in combat(without explaining that combat is where to get the required items). You'd think that a game that prides itself on its writing would have something in writing explaining that 'fishing' in the game is done with your guns. If you want to read the narrative, the whole point of buying the game? You have to engage in near-suicidal acts (combat in the starter ship)that are made only survivable by exploiting the very weak AI. Survival in combat is a matter of rushing the enemy and kissing your boat to it. The AI gets confused, spazzes out, and tries to move away from you. So long as you hug the enemy, it can't fight back. This is true for all animals, and also true for the other ships in the game so long as you hug those ships' backsides.The 'proper' way to play is counter-intuitive.My most 'successful' outings were the ones where I risked running out of fuel before reaching a place where fuel was affordable or even sold. I'd expand more, but apparently there's a character limit. I'll work on paring down this review to squeeze more in later."
76561198018293568,Recommended,304650,14378541,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Deliant,"I've only played this game for 80 hours, and I've only scratched the surface. If you want a game (and world) you can really dig your teeth into... well, here you go."
76561197972390763,Recommended,304650,17119601,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Exige,"This is a single player story-driven naval RPG. You sail your ship between ports and explore dialogue trees at each port. There is some random variation in the map and story each game but not a lot, making this more like a scripted RPG than a roguelike. Death is permanent but you have the option of retaining a single item and attribute between replays.The ship moves slowly making travel times tedius. I'd suggest installing CheatEngine or some other tool that will let you play the game in fast-forward when travelling between ports since the travel time isn't particularly interesting. This will remedy the most-often-cited complaint about the game.The other common complaint is the user interface which is occasionally quite poor. In several places, you can only buy or trade one item at a time, requiring several clicks per trade. There are also situations where you'll need to fill your hold with 50 or more of such items, and you'll be cursing the user interface at these times.Don't let these problems turn you off the game, though. Most of the game is very good -- it's an immersive world filled with excellent writing.View my other reviews here"
,Recommended,304650,20863723,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"10/10 - A Memorizing Story Rich Steam Punk Adventure!I'm blown away with this game; the replay value is immense. I've died several times; and each time I find myself more eager to play again. The ultimate goal is to uncover the whole 'zee'; and manage your 'zailors' and resources.The game is actually quite challenging, each time I am more successful but decisions your make can extend or surprisingly end your journey quickly! Most of your time is spent either choosing own adventure, navigating your steamboat or engaging in espionage and nautical warfare.This was a FREE weekend offering. I played it quite a bit; liked it so much I was compelled to purchase it even before the free time was up! Got this on sale but would have gladly paid full price! Worth 20$Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561197983672075,Recommended,304650,18809355,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DaetherX,"This game has a ton of reading. In fact, that's the huge draw here.The lore is great. Simply fantastic.At first it seems a bit silly. But then you read, and visit other places, talk to people... and it all kinda adds up to an interesting and perhaps dark (but humorous) world that draws you in making you want to find out more. I've spent most of my time reading in ports/towns seeing what each is about through my actions like making a port report which upon handing in gets you (usually) a fuel and some echos (money), or engaging in some of whatever the town is known for. I feel bad I can't adequately describe the tone of the game, so I'll have to say I enjoy the writing. It's very well written, it's orignal, and uses words I really must look up.The rest of my time is spent sailing from one place to another, exploring to find new places, and usually trying to avoid battles. Repairing your ship is expensive, so you'll usually want to avoid taking on most other ships or monsters you come across. Battles are definitely not the focus of this game and the progession, or lack thereof, of your ship and its parts (engines, weapons, different ships) is the weakest part of the game.There are other ships to buy, but they all seem worse than your starting ship and/or are vastly too expensive to buy. Weapons have 3 places you can equip them, Deck, Forward, and Aft, but the starting ship may only equip a Deck weapon of which there are only a few and they aren't really that big of an upgrade for their high price. Engines as well are expensive, and some do have a big upgrade to speed, but it again seems disproportionate to the price.Most of my echos (money) go toward ""supplies"" (a specific item used as food mainly, but you may also use them to repair your ship a handfull of points out of town if you have above 50% hull left) and ""fuel"" to keep going. Perhaps it's just that I don't know how to abuse the game yet. Buying the ""Elegant Townhouse"" for 1,000 echos allows you to make a will for 200 echos passing along your house and later, I'm told, some other usefull items I haven't gained.Upon retiring (you can do this after buying the house if you want) or dying I've been choosing the carry-over option of passing my captains chart to the next one so I know where everything is still and so the map doesn't semi-randomize. Other options include passing an officer, a weapon, half your echos, and another one I forget at the moment. You always choose between one of those five things to pass along to the next captain even if you don't have the house or will. (I'm pretty sure this is true since one of my captains didn't have a will yet and died but I still got to choose)I also have some gripes with the journal being difficult to find what you're supposed to do for a quest if it even has anything in there about what you're supposed to do. I'm either going to have to grab a pencil and paper and write stuff down or just deal with being confused and not finishing quests and missing opportunities to gather what I need when I'm someplace that has it.I've written more about the negatives than the positive, and I have a few other small gripes not written, but I definitely do recommend this game based on its great strength in story and the feeling of apprehension when you leave a port and start travelling, wondering what you'll discover next and if you'll have enough fuel and supplies to make it back to Fallen London. If you enjoy reading and becoming drawn into a world, this game will have you for hours through different captains wanting to see the various choices/events to do further.I bought this for just under $13 (a -33% off sale) and I feel that's exactly the right price for me."
,Recommended,304650,20313231,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"This is a particular game, i tell you the truth, usually i hate to read too much in videogames, but i nurtured myself as a child on open ending role-game books such as the ""Lone-Wolf"" or the ""Freeway Warriors"" series, loving them. I enjoy literature and usually i write poems or short stories, my favourite writers during youth were H.P. Lovecraft and P.K. D|ck. honestly this game to me is a classic, i was feeling slightly  bothered at the beginning, however indulging myself into this product recalled the pleasures of the past, beside those facts it has a cool dark coloured graphic and a proper soundtrack. Probably i'll immerse myself into this adventure during those dark winter days, sipping a good glass of brandy gently warming myself up."
,Not Recommended,304650,11085200,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,cloudsora,"Ok lets start with its good BUT I had mixed feelings the entire time after the first hour of play so I can't recommend it in its current state (if the devs are to be believed its late beta; finished eta ""september"").So to summarize the style of game that this I'd say its a cross between Turn based RPG Combat, EVE Online, and FTL... sadly the worst of each is what is currently the game. At present the game is INCREDIBLY grindy, unforgiving, and a little bit punishing which is always a nuisance.Now I'd say this is a roguelike or lite or whatever you want to call it but it really can't be called that because the only thing that's randomized really are the events and the enemies and the latter is in ever rpg ever so yeah, not to mention you can send something to your next character if your current one dies. The Map is static at the moment and the risk reward balance is HEAVILY skewed so that anything risky is barely rewarding and the combat is kind of slow and gets a bit dull when you have to inevitably grind. Making Echo (money) in this game is really tough, I mean Really tough, you can either go the safe but excruitatingly slow economic cargo running route but the pay off is slow and it probably takes about an hour if nothing goes wrong to make enough for a low level upgrade. If you want to fight pirates or monsters... they pay off is worse and much more risky. Something else that actually really bothered me is the lack of explanation in the explanation of how things work and what events will do, the wording is tricky and if you haven't seen an event before you may think you're getting something out of it when its taking something from you instead, you quickly get used to it though.Having said all this I did enjoy some of my time playing like I said before but it just wasn't enough of the time I played or enough satisfaction for me to really recommend the game at the current price and state (maybe 50% off or when they address some issues). Those things aside it runs smooth and I didn't encounter a single bug, although plenty of content was missing to be patched in later. 6/10"
76561198007698766,Recommended,304650,24001593,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Talon,"Tip of the Day:  Mysteries are Fire!  Truth Burns!Excellent atmosphere for a Cthulhu Mythos Friendly Rogue-lite narrative-heavy game set within Victorian Age London.London has been swallowed by the Sunless Sea and Fallen beneath the Waves into an eldritch subterranean underworld where eldritch dieties named Salt, Stone, and Storm are worshipped by strange alien denizens. Time flows strangely here and Death is a kindness oft sought but seldom found everywhere in this subterranean world over a mile beneath the ground.You are a Zee Captain who has chosen to explore this rich, diverse alien world in pursuit of your own Ambitions.   You have appropriated by means fair or foul, a serviceable if cramped steam-punk boat powered by a rickety if functional engine and recruited a handful of hardy crew members to your cause.  Together you shall go forth upon the eldritch waters of a living darkness that slowly saps your body and devours your mind.The story unfolds as you explore areas deeper into that gaping maw of antediluvian horrors as you zail away from the relative safety of Fallen London.  Yet to Fallen Londen you shall always return carrying with you the seeds of forbidden knowledge, the scars of eldritch horror, and many otherworldly artifacts and secrets.  If you survive long enough, you may eventually lay the proper foundations for a family of your own and a brave, lonely child who if sufficiently inspired by tales of your exploits at Zee shall carry on the family tradition if the unthinkable should happen to you.Writing:  The Writing in Sunless Sea is concise, brilliant, rich and replete with eldritch imagery and alliteration that would make H.P. Lovecraft himself proud to accord it its own unique place within the Mythos. Everywhere you zail, there are elements of eldritch mystery and supernatural horror woven into a darkly comical humor washing over every inhabited island floating upon this Sunless Sea.  The writing is easily the best part of this game as it lies within these small little stories that the world of Sunless Sea is slowly brought to life within your mind.  Every tiny port lit by its artificial port light is imbued with its own unique character stitched into the atmosphere of the game refined into a complete and comprehensive whole...a complete entity that makes your Captain's story all the more intense as you explore more of the Unterzee in your eldritch tainted voyages under the ever present threat of losing your crew, your ship, your life, or your mind to its mysteries of this Sunless Sea.Grind:  There is a learning curve to this game but I did not find it that terribly difficult to overcome.  If you want some tips and advice there are numerous guides in the community guide forum on Steam to help you short-circuit where you should go if you want to make a sustainable early income.  The community is friendly if not overly given to poetry or alliteration themselves.  They will be more than happy to help you get over the ""Grind"" of learning the do's and don'ts of this game.The world of Sunless Sea is replete with many things for your Captain to do in the Neath before he dies to some pirate coursier or the casual cruelty of the alien denezins that inhabit this alien world.  The Atmosphere of the game is as immersive and deep and strange as the Setting itself.The only real loss to playing Sunless Sea as I do is that they do not update this game with fresh stories as frequently as they once did so eventually you will after countless hours find yourself running through all the various permutations of the stories that are implemented in stunning richness within the vault of your imagination.  Add to that, there is a relatively difficult learning curve early on coupled to the relative slowness of your boat's initial engine.  This means that this game does requires some patience and foresight (fuel, supplies, crew) if you want to have your Captain to survive long enough to pass his Legacies on to the next generation but the literary and gameplay rewards are great for those who perserve through the challenges within this rogue-lite narrative game.Gameplay:  You have Stats that correspond to skills and abilities that are utilized in stories to determine the outcome of various adventures.  Unlike most games, Sunless Sea encourages you to play through even your failures since sometimes a lesson not learned may be as important to your Captain's long-term survival as succeeding at everything.Summary:  The writing stays fluid through all potential outcomes failure and success alike.  There is so much richness in the freedom of choices on offer here that it puts to shame anything you will find in any Telltale Studio game.  Through it all the Setting, Atmosphere, and Quality of the Writing within this game make it an absolute must buy for any bookophile looking to experience life within a very alien world replete with Lovecraftian horrors and stories ranging across a broad range of Mythos-related themes.  This is supernatural horror at its finest set within a Victorian Sunless Sea Steam-Punk world filled with strange, mysterious, and terrible creatures that may help you, hurt you, or eat you for their own inscrutable purposes.  There are many ways to survive and there are many ways to die.  It is a rogue-LITE narrative driven game so be mindful of that as one Captain's death may be another Captain's salvation.Bottom Line:  Sunless Sea is definitely a buy if you prize Lovecraftian horror games with high-quality writing, expansive setting, and a deeply immersive atmosphere from start to finish.  If you were interested enough to come to this store page, then you really should consider giving this game a try.  Your first Captain will die...others may yet survive this...Sunless Sea."
76561198073282430,Recommended,304650,28196945,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ltx,"Take heed: if you prefer your nights peaceful, you might want to think twice about purchasing this game. THE ZEE WILL HAUNT YOU. You might lose sleep from the vivid images of terror the stories of the zee will bring--of walls of knives and ungodly feasts and the vicarious fear of both the total absence and a too-easy excess of light--but what will stick with you most as you try to fall asleep is the question: have I done the right thing?This is a game of immersion and perspective. You will know what it means to feel helpless in your power over another's fate. You will question your loyalties. You will sell your soul--or somebody else's--for a faster engine. You will have to find... something to eat... after your rations run out and you're nowhere near any port that sells food. You will consider genocide. You will witness terrible rituals of death and find yourself saying, ""That kind of makes sense.""And then after you close the game, after the pretty art and music and the even prettier words are gone, you will ask yourself: how much of the Captain was really me? And you will lay the Unterzee right next to the real world, look at them both and wonder: how much different, really, are their moral shades of grey from each other?Some more practical things to think about before playing this game: the stories are great, but you will have to do a ton of reading, and if that isn't your thing, you will get very bored. There are no real tutorials, and you will have a hard time understanding how to go about in the beginning. The choices can also get confusing as some are permanent, while others may be revisited. A tip: if the Gazeteer tabs are greyed out while you are being presented with choices, then the ""Go"" button will require you to make a more or less permanent decision.While this is not exactly an action game, you will need to be very careful as you steer your ship, and it will require 100% of your attention and quick reflexes. It's a good counterbalance to what some might consider the ""walls of text"" aspect of the game.The music is beautiful and really drives up the tension: hearty and upbeat, sinister and eerie, exotic or trippy. It complements the Lovecraftian artstyle perfectly, and both create an atmosphere that will keep you in the Unterzee for hours (that's another thing: this is a game where you will have to invest long stretches of time at a time to be enjoyable).One thing that I feel might be lacking is a way to keep notes in-game. There are a lot of stories to keep track of at any given time, and the Journal is a lot of times not sufficient in helping you remember story and area details.So... will you wither from the weight of your questions or, like one from Whither, delight in them?"
76561197999489902,Recommended,304650,30575205,Posted: 17 March,all,Galorit,"A unique setting coupled with fantastic writing and challenging gameplay makes Sunless Sea a special gem. As a retired veteran of Fallen London I was excited to return to the incredible mythos the creators had wrought, and I was not disappointed.Some describe this game as Lovecraftian, but I disagree. In Lovecraft's work there was usually a feeling of hopelessness and despair, but in Sunless Sea hope, humor, and the ability to  destroy the lightless horrors that plague you make it a rewarding game.It is true the game is difficult and punishing if you try to fight things out of your league. I lost three captains and ten hours before figuring out how to reliably make money, but the intrigue was worth it.If you don't want to risk the permadeath there is a save option that can be enabled, but in my experience the fear of losing most of your progress makes you actually consider if you want to risk your ship and crew for a glimmer of gold instead of recklessly shooting everything."
,Recommended,304650,30281453,Posted: 2 March,all,Kevinet,"Horrifying, yet intoxicatingly charming.More of an interactive novel of amazing volume rather than a game.Recommanded for those with a flavour for a slow-paced game (This is a game about sailing, after all.)"
76561197998028891,Recommended,304650,12738063,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Aegis [Matt],"I find the game quite enjoyable.  It's nerve-wracking to conduct business on a variety of fronts, hope for a good roll of the die, and still barely make a profit to adventure forward.  The grind is rough, but if balanced a little bit more, it'll feel about right.* There have been some noticable typos; such as a job requires 3 crew-men and only 2 are needed.  I'm sure these will pop up every now and then.* I haven't bought a new ship yet, but I find it frustrating that other ships and creatures can turn on a dime very quickly, whereas I still have to make a round around an island before making a 180 (I know there is a reverse, that's not the point).* I think a nice addition would be a flare gun to send a signal for a tugboat that brings you back to port in case you run out of fuel just feet before docking.  I could have got an oar out and paddled instead of needing to restart.* The combat system flows well, but when two enemies are in range, I can't target the other."
76561197999018200,Recommended,304650,34258960,Posted: 15 August,all,Lord Azlan,"On the edge.Always a few seconds away from a uninformed decision or a simple risk and your little boat capsizes into the deep and dark fathoms of the sea.If a bunch of story tellers and mathematicians got together to design a game - this would be it.Question - is it any good?Queen Victoria betrays London to an entity called Echo Bazaar to save her husband.  The mysterious creature, with the help of thousands of bats, takes the city down, deep, submerged and surrounded by the Unterzee. A subterranean cavern.You are a ship captain. Formerly a poet or a priest. Maybe you was a street urchin years ago? You choose your background and more interestingly your final goal. First time around I chose to be a former soldier looking to find his lost father - assumed dead. Can I bring his bones back to London for a proper burial?The art style got my attention first. Top down. The eerie glow of dark green constantly fighting back the depths of black. A strange image of a shark in chains. A little boat almost struggling, slowly, silently chugging along. Some landmarks that not quite feel familiar - was that St. Pauls?These strange boxes of information and people, making choices and interactions. Lots of options. So many choices. Almost like one of those old choose your own adventure story books.The game was nothing like I imagined.Sunless Sea goes against the grain straight away by stating death is not the end - in fact it is positively encouraged. I have come to believe dying at least once is the way to go as you are able to transfer some wealth to your scion. To Lord Azlan The Second. After death the game resets itself so if you have - for example - exhausted a trade route - your second character can do it again. You can pass on a house, your best weapon and at least half your cash. Later on in the game, if you fall in love, become a parent, buy a mansion, pass on even more to your children.It took me a while to get my head around that.On the edge.Fuel. Food and Terror. You need to keep an eye on each otherwise a miscalculation or risk taken in good faith can start a downward spiral that leads to certain death. On one island I took a slight risk and lost half my crew. Thinking that could not happen again I threw the dice once more expecting a better outcome - It didn't. I was a poor fool of a captain!Another time I was barely limping back to London with one hull point of strength left. I could have turned up the engines and sped home much faster but I decided to try and conserve fuel when I had fuel in abundance. One lucky shot from a low life pirate ended my story.Not all deaths have been due to my own incompetence. One time I invistagated a strange sea creature and my poor little ship got whacked from some sort of energy wave. Lesson learned.So many lessons to learn. Reminds me of a phrase in a certain film that God only knows everything because He has been around for so long. Each time you play and die, you learn a little more.I have been so stupid. But I have also been brave. Even sailing my little ship of the edge of the world to see what would happen.On one island I found a bunch of zombie undead that wanted to go on one last sea cruise. Another island seemed to be devoted to a postman god. One had monkeys with a zeppelin. I better stop - so many spoilers. The story telling is pretty good and you should resist the urge to treat this game as a simple resource management game. Slow down and immerse yourself in the text. It is fantastic.Improving your wealth allows you to buy a better ship and equipment and gaining experience allows you to increase your base stats which helps in the numerous chance based choices the game sends your way.Crew members are required for sailing your ship effectively. They can also be seen as extra parcels of food if the going gets tough. Officers are another story. Each has their own unique one. Some are incredibly well written and heart breaking. Officers improve your stats and can also be used as trainers.Trading is diabolical. Just barely profitable if you take fuel and supply costs into account. I wish there were some decent routes. Buy coffee. Sell coffee. Make 20% profit. Nothing like that. Even the few that are found end up being nerfed by the inbuilt choices and consequences in the game.The best way to improve the life of a simple ship captain is to adventure and unfold the various stories. Rewards gained by exploring and working through adventures probably lead to mroe wealth than any trading can do.One time I gained the courage to take on every nasty little opposing ship I met on the zee. I managed to beat opponents that had double my fire power. Combat itself is very basic but can be a good source of food supplies.In the end I can't say if I really enjoyed my 100+ hours in the game. It's unique and challenging.Question - are you Bill Murray or Agrajag?In Groundhog Day Bill Murray went through a time period over and over again and each day he died. Before he came through it he went through some very rough times of despair and darkness. In Sunless Sea I would recommend you play with a note book as the in-game journal - though interesting, just can't cut it. You need to maximise your journey expenses against rewards. Your captain must optimise as far as possible. After many play throughs some things will become familiar.In Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, Douglas Adams wrote about a creature called Agrajag who was killed by Arthur Dent in every reincarnation. Every time he came back, as a fly or dragon, or man, Dent killed him. He went mad.So you are kept on the edge, who will you be?Some tipsMaybe travel around at full speed because fuel is much cheaper than supplies.Consider waiting to haul sphinxstone until you have the larger cargo ship - as the runs are limited.Note any time your stats are increased - note the island and the choices you made.Note the places where fuel and supplies can be purchased - NOTE THEMThe evil looking guy with a sharp knife bearing gifts? I did my best performance when I said NO THANKSSome negativesTrading is deliberately - DELIBERATELY - hard. I just wish it was better by just 5%In game hints and explanations are lacking.The trapped in an eternal cycle, going round and round, following the same paths, can get damning.FINALLovely, complex, very difficult, strange, unique."
,Recommended,304650,23246079,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,undead carrot,"It took me a few tries but I finally got into this game and now I'm hooked. It really does take a while to get started and the pace really is slow so I understand that some people might be turned off by it. But I stuck with it and allowed myself to get immeresed in all the little stories you start weaving together once you start exploring more and now I can't stop playing.I'm also not a fan of Rogue-like games in general but since this is more Rogue-lite I find it more forgiving that other games like FTL. I feel like the rogue-like aspect of the game is just enough to keep the tension up during your long travels but not so hard that it feels frustrating. Plus, as long as you live long enough to have a will, it also ensures that you'll be better equipped when you start a new game.All in all it's a nice little game that I play if I want something atmospheric and not too intense too play."
76561198032890439,Recommended,304650,23415908,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Thrawn-a-be,"This game is magic, in that it will make hour upon hours of your life disappear.  The writing is great and the hand drawn back grounds are very aesthetically pleasing. The ship controls are a little clunky and the gui gets in the way at times but, I stopped caring about that after a while as I immersed myself in the gloomy darkness, and atmospheric ( at times) music. if you like simple games with great writing then definitely get this game."
,Recommended,304650,14888045,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BenWah,"This is pretty much the only game I play now, I'm totally hooked.I love the mystery, adventure, decisions... there's so much to explore and discover.The big surprise I discovered recently is how incredibly rich the theming is.  An amazing amount of work went into creating a world of factions with distinct motivations and attitudes.I would only recommend this to a person with a really huge amount of free time, you can't get anywhere in small doses."
,Recommended,304650,26026427,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mr. Pozn,"Let me just start with stating, that this game is one of (if not just) my favorite games, because it provides most solid experience I've ever seen in games.Everything in this game works to create an atmosphere, dark and morbid and slow one. It's the game you should not rush, but to take slowly. This isn't your average RPG where you run from one quest to another while saving the world from another unspeakable evil.You are a madman who decided that traveling through horror-filled sea on what amounts to steam powered tin can was, somehow, a good idea. (Spoilers: it wasn't). You zail from one island to another learning more and more about this peculiar world while trying to meet ends and not get eaten by that huge crab you think you've just seen on your right.This is a game to be savored, delicious friend.(Now officaly with ""Got Mad, Ate My Crew Award)"
,Recommended,304650,30049350,Posted: 19 February,all,LuZee,"I started to play this cause of the free weekend... and bought it a few hours later.I have to admit, I'm not the greatest fan of roguelikes... but in this game the permadeath mechanic just... well... makes sense. It's a bit hard at the beginning and youwillneed some hours to figure out how to survive longer that those few hours. But there are also events you'd never see, if you never get so close to death... or close to insanity....Oh, and there are many evenets! So many, I doubt I'll ever see every single one... Some things change while you're away and there are also random occurences that happen while you are at zee.The writing is absolutely great and the ideas behind some of the stories are even greater! Prepare for a very creative game, with a dark tone and also a very unique humor. It somehow feels like a mix of Lovecraftian elements, Kentucky Route Zero and something else that cannot be described in words I might know...So, if you are a fan of unfamilarity, of eeriness and creativity... and also of exploring and surviving... this game is absolutely for you!"
,Recommended,304650,12532673,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ynaq,"This game is compelling, literate, at times meditative and at times thrilling, often funny, frequently unfair, darly beautiful and remarkably surprising and varied. There aren't adjectives it should have that it doesn't. I could belive it's not for everyone but it's most definitely for me."
76561198007354746,Recommended,304650,22878557,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Saihttam1978,"Sunless Sea is a true gem. Easily one of the best games I played this year.It is so simple, yet so complex. The game tells countless stories and even after more than a hundred hours of play still manages to surprise me.I´d love to see a remake of the old classic ""Pirates"" that plays just like this. :-)"
76561198003915223,Recommended,304650,31183530,Posted: 16 April,all,evening_cloud8,So i've sunk 126 hours into this game so far. I like it.Pro's:It's got stories - lots of themLots of replayabilityIt's prettynew stuff gets addedCon'sit's slow - do not expect to zip around at any kind of speedtakes a good long time before you have any clue what youre doing!I love this game - i havent won yet - everything wants to kill me at the most inconvenient times
,Recommended,304650,14134347,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Snuffman,"""Sid Meir's Pirates"" meets ""FTL"" meets China Mieville.The combat's not quite as good as ""Pirates"", the game is not quite random enough to be ""FTL"" satisfying, and yeah...the writing isn't up to Mr.Mieville's level, but the writing is certainly above most games. The setting is certainly remenicent of China Mieville.I dig it, and its the only Early Access game I've ever bought. Full release Feb 2nd!"
,Recommended,304650,14395860,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"I disagree with the main portion of this game being flawless (10/10 eurogamer for example). The game has definite flaws, with limited combat options and a lack of driving force in terms of pacing.The games narrative does drive this to a recommendation for those who are willing to be patient with the game, and the different ways to play, whether it be stealthy, or full out full force, is interesting and will keep people who want to explore different avenues playing.More content and gameplay impressions here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXshA039IkU"
,Recommended,304650,28761062,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Caliban,"Cthuluh at sea....If you dont like to read and you're a player in a rush, be on your way. You enjoy sunless sea as a good lovecraft book, with a tension and horror slowly growing.Nice graphics and gameplay overallReally worth the investment"
76561198052400812,Recommended,304650,34017562,Posted: 4 August,all,Lorthenyie,One of the best games I've played recently.DarkDifficultCaptivating and interesting storyBeautiful artFunGood replay valueHighly recommended for people with the capacity to read.
,Recommended,304650,24693336,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lil' Biggie Small,"An incredibly in-depth cannibalism simulator where you can partake in a war against hamsters.You can also play properly, I guess."
76561198023515522,Not Recommended,304650,26157843,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Rozinskylitski,"This is not a ""deep RPG"" or anything like it. It is a merchant game with some roguelike aspects, and very wierd quasi-victorian, vaguely lovecraftian, writing.I had fun until i realized that my boat was never going to go all that much faster, and that the boredom of moving over the same paths, at that same slow speed, was going to drive me crazy."
76561198209833552,Recommended,304650,23503883,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Warm-blooded Snake,"For those who like exploration and strange creepy mysterious stories, this is a great game, and I highly recommend it. Its atmosphere is incredible, too.However, it is not one of the traditional naval simulation games that are focused on trading and fighting. You cannot fetch much profit through trading, and the naval battle part is too easy and boring."
,Recommended,304650,26215636,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Aonalion,"Sunless Sea is one of my favorite games of all time. I love the atmosphere, the characters and the story. The combat is a bit clunky and often lethal when you're starting out with a new captain. And you will die, you will die A LOT. Don't be discouraged, though! For every captain lost beneath the waves you learn something new, and your next captain will be able to go one step further."
76561198007182557,Recommended,304650,28488308,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Yote,"Travel the deep, dark sea; whether on it or below it. Discover things you were never meant to know. It will take time, it might even last for ages, but wait... death will come for you too.It will almost always happen when you least need it, of course. You have most likely just spent an eternity travelling the Unterzee, experiencing the many stories in this gothic world, and perhaps even succeeded in having built something worthwhile.Never fear, death will come for you too."
,Recommended,304650,30654689,Posted: 21 March,all,Sloth of Chaos,"A haunting exploration game with great music, a really unique setting, and lots of replayability. If you like Lovecraftian works, macabre themes, great stories, and don't mind a little bit of reading, give it a go.9/10"
76561198098381538,Recommended,304650,31945706,Posted: 24 May,all,Dogarl,Great for those that love immersion and adventuring. I'm on my fifth captain and I still haven't discovered all the locations in the unterzee! Would probably help if I stopped dying...+ Highly Immersive and plenty of adventure+ Interesting and creepy stories- Accept that you will die and lose things- Slow pace is not for everyone
,Recommended,304650,12734845,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Daevic,"The game is simple, survive in the underground seas, make a fortune, retire. Your enemies are everything around you, even your own mind. Terror builds while in the darkness, while in the light of towns and bouys (spelling?) your terror stops. Battlke sea creatures and pirates, ferry the dead, even deal in souls. All of this can be done on the Sunless Seas!Pros:Music - Well done and easily matches the tone of the game. Fell in love with it right away.Content - Thought not a high amount of ports things changes from time to time, so going back to a place youve been to may wield unexpected results.Twisted Atmosphere - If it was only pirates Id have passed it up. Deep ones and dark creatures make this story a very interesting one.Death - When you die, its game over like in any rogue like game, there is perma death though this is turned off in the merciful mode allowing you to save. However you can pass one of your Map, officers or skills to the next generation. I always recommend the map as its very useful.Cons:Text Based Game - Not for everyone, I didnt mind it as enjoy reading and usually read lore and such in MMO's but it is not for everyone.Money - Making money in this game is a slow paced process, though easy, it can be long."
,Recommended,304650,30270025,Posted: 1 March,all,Lomeo,"To summarise this real quick: Sunless Sea is a browser game manifested in a game engine with some sloppy mechanics. It has wonderful, haunting writing that makes you think the whole story takes place in a fevered dream - there are many cool quests and stories which are accompanied by many nasty decisions on player part. You really feel like you're struggling to make a living, giving many illicit and horrid opportunities a go just to pull yourself out of the gutter, while holding dearly to the little scraps of sanity you still have left after the last voyage.But it comes with a major drawback - the pacing and gameplay outside the story part are kind of bad. Battle mechanics are sloppy and there's a few tricks you can (and should) abuse in order to stay ahead of your foes. There's lots of downtime where you don't do anything at all, just traveling mindlessly through the vast and deep zea for hours of real time. The grind you have to go through to earn anything and repeat it again on your next playthrough doesn't really give you satisfying rewards.DLC solves some of the problems with the zea travel by introducing new exploration mechanics and littering map with more spots of interests and ports, new traderouts, but the main hustle of going port to port and gnawing lack of cargospace are still there.I would recommend getting it together with DLC and be prepared to read A LOT OF TEXT; it's a game that requires big chunks of time and attention, and if you show it a lot of love it might respond. Otherwise, you should probably stay away."
76561198043157529,Recommended,304650,29098244,Posted: 7 January,all,SSgtMole,"Horror themed game. Explore, trade, hunt down monsters, complete quests. Die. Found a dynasty. Navigate to the ends of the map. I recommend getting Zubmarine expansion as it makes it easier to make money."
76561198008515256,Recommended,304650,33141705,Posted: 2 July,all,Jonei,"Slow pace, story delivered through a lot of reading, harsh at times, very enjoyable."
76561197993152252,Recommended,304650,32041353,Posted: 29 May,all,craigodin599,"One of my all time favourite games. From such a small development company its amazing how they've managed to create a really believable fantasy world. The storytelling is top notch and a real pleasure to read.In my opinion the best quality of this game is its ability to make the player really want to discover what happens next in each individual quest line. Its not a big flashy aaa game but it in no way needs to be.The combat is entertaining in its own right and while it may not really be critical to most of the game it in no way detracts from the fun. The modular upgrading system is a great concept for this smaller type of game as well as the progressive upgrading of your ship to the next best model you can afford.Difficulty wise this game has a bit of a learning curve at first, you will probably lose a lot of captains just taking risks in different quest lines (or going insane and being eaten by your crew), but the whole macabre atmosphere really makes you feel that was what was supposed to happen anyway. And given there are so many unique ways to die with their own explanations your experience isnt complete until you've been beheaded by the king of an island of advance guinea pigs.My dream holiday destination will now always be Fallen London!"
,Recommended,304650,32891154,Posted: 27 June,all,Astraeus,"Superb story telling. The gameplay is only really there to facilitate the story, but holds up well. If you enjoy reading and exploring different strands of many stories that develop over months of game time, this game is for you."
,Recommended,304650,28345688,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,frostee,"Sunless sea is for those who enjoy immersing themselves into a wonderful and weird world. It's not a game you play to win, it's a game you just play. Why do I like it?1) Rich story if you care to dig into itI'll admit, I skip a lot of the text in my early playthroughs, and you can do that no problem, without gimping your gameplay too much. The reading is not required, but once you actually dig into it, it's masterful. Quite a great case of ""show, don't tell"" indeed! So many horrendous stuff presented in a nonchalant tone, and people acting normal around♥♥♥♥♥♥that's crazy. The more you read the more you wished there were more to read.2) Emergent strategySee, this game isn't about trading or finding the nice trade routes. But it sure doesn't stop you from doing so and profiting from it. It doesn't bill itself as an RPG, but sure as hell plays like one. The thing is, sunless sea is a sandbox game that is extremely well put together. I'm an old school gamer, and this offers me enough handholding to get out of port, then abandons me to myself and lets me do anything I want, literally allowing me to write my own story. I love games like these.3) Dumb combatCombat is dumb. Dissatisfying. Good thing you can skip all the combat by sneaking away. Again, emergent gameplay. Maybe it'll become better once I get a better♥♥♥♥♥♥or firepower, but at that point it just becomes a numbers game.4) Music!The music is incredibly good. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I need to put this on repeat even during work."
76561198064643715,Not Recommended,304650,21487379,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,NamelessCunt,"Right... If you are looking into this game because you like 'Rogue like games' such as Binding of isaac and FTL, this is not the one for you.Positives+ Amazing art design+ great driven story with multiple choices+ Combat is quite fun and unique at timesNegatives- The game is to hard for begginers- At times you have no idea how to progress- GETTING MONEY AT THE START IS LITERALLY BORING AS ♥♥♥♥I will say i dont exactly hate this game. I have just felt no progress with it since i have brought it...The game doesn't help you in any way which is good in some games, but not for me in this one. I had to google to actually find out what i was doing wrong because the game never says that you have to grind for money because your ship runs out of supplies every 10 seconds.I will update this review when i have played more but for now, it is not good enough.5/10"
76561198046087017,Recommended,304650,22959231,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,GeoGlacer,"If you like Fallen London, then you would definitely like Sunless Sea."
76561198095224089,Not Recommended,304650,32975004,Posted: 28 June,all,Voidlord597,"Interesting, but a lot more tedious than I was anticipating. Quests have oddly specific requirements that might not even be relevant to your current playthrough."
,Recommended,304650,28107249,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,sedthh,"it took me about 2 hours of gameplay to find the shop/upgrade buttons on the top of the story book because my 1366x768 resolution was too small and some of the gui elements are off the screenit then took me another 4 hours to get a decent crew, get enough fuel and supplies and explore a large portion of the mapthen it took me about 10 minutes to slowly travell north where my ship slowed down even more in the icy windthen a monster with 1000hp, that I couldn't really see from the rest of the gui elements on the screen appeared and insta-killed me10/10 would travell really ♥♥♥♥ing slowly in the dark again"
,Not Recommended,304650,17127202,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,PurpleXVI,"Much like in the beta, the finished version of the game is really only enjoyable if you edit your save file from the get-go to jump up your stats and money. Otherwise, have fun grinding for several days before you have even the meager beginnings to start doing anything, and once you try to do anything, have fun barely having a 50% chance of success on anything you do.Once edited, it's more enjoyable, because you can actually make decisions and expect them to succeed, and you skip all the interminable grinding. Or most of it, anyway.Because even once you've got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of money, a solid ship, the stats needed to act on stuff and a cargo hold full of various items for quests... you still need pure random chance to actually trigger the events when you hit a port and poke around. Don't get the event? Have fun going sailing again for another, interminable while until you get the alert that says you can take another shot at it.And if you WEREN'T cheating your way to money, you'd have to do grinding in between each attempt in order to stay topped up on fuel, supplies and hull-repair.The writing isn't fundamentally bad, but too often it tries to be prose rather than informative.There's also the fighting is also pretty bad, since it basically consists entirely of just backpedalling while hurling salvos into enemies. There is literally no more tactics or skill to it and whether you win or not is completely down to stats and two or three consumables you can use to up your odds. Since the game has forwards and back-mounted weapons, rather than broadsides, there isn't even any space for basic naval stuff like crossing the T."
,Recommended,304650,14383251,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Oatway,"Lovecraftian FTL-ish.Slower paced, and less crew management than FTL, but it has a semblance of an economic game wherein the player creates trade routes.And then you miscalculate how much fuel you need, begin to starve and eat your crew to stay alive."
,Not Recommended,304650,25073801,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Geischfelt96,"I love the lore, and the setting is splendid, but I just can't get behind the gameplay.  Recommended if you're a big fan of the former, not recommended if you're a fan of the latter."
,Recommended,304650,26025483,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"The game is basically a sort of Space Rangers, but in the underground sea with a victorian-lovecraftian feel to it.The concept is very good, but the game plays like it's still in early beta, to name a few things:Not much content.Many glitches.Travelling somewhere even on an endgame ship quickly becomes a boring chore, travelling mechanics should be optimised somehow.Interface is not very good, especially the Journal and the Story views.Only a couple music tracks, also.Would recommend getting this on sale, but do not expect much.6/10"
,Recommended,304650,23942378,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fukin kil me,"I broke the law by smuggling sunlight until I could upgrade my ship, so i could legally merchant human souls."
,Not Recommended,304650,16372227,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bwww,Its a novel more than a game. The reward is finding more stories to read rather than fighting pirates. not what I was expecting.
76561197999305602,Not Recommended,304650,11584641,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,saskbob,"I cannot recommend this game to those who need to be immediately fulfilled for their dollar. There is alot to like that will hopefully come to fruition in the future. Certainly the world is something any Jules Verne/Joseph Konrad fan will adore and I think the writing and storytelling is in the 99 percentile of any game I've played. The gameplay sadly, falls far below what is acceptable. The placeholder islands and enemies just put too much uncertainty in this for it to be fun and satisfying or either or.To put it in perspective, I've played this game a ton hoping for it to get better because I took the wrong path a la Dark Souls, but it is always just the same grind so far, the three sisters, the tomb folks and then meander around the sea doing the same thing I did last time. Maybe take a little too much risk for much reward, and then in the end die in very boring sea battle or to madness. It's not the dying that bothers me. It's the very boring rebirth.I personally am not so sad I dropped almost $20 Canadian on this, but I am more altruitic than most. I think there is someting very special under the surface, but if you value your money which I do not.... wait."
76561198147272510,Recommended,304650,30723358,Posted: 25 March,all,Leid,Sold my soul to a monkey to buy fuel.
,Recommended,304650,14591516,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Choops,"So you are looking at the video and screenshots of this game and probably thinking, why the hype? It looks fairly limited?  Well on the back of some really high octane/adrenaline fuelled games I've been playing of late - I have to say what a breath of fresh air this game is. Its at the polar opposite end of the spectrum, this game is one of the most relaxing and chilled out experiences I have experienced in 20 years of gaming.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkIjlx9GUGgThe game sees you navigating a small cargo ship through the murky waters of the zee (formerly the sea before it sunk beneath the world itself) and it gently works its way into your mind with its beautifully written stories, its wonderfully designed art work and its incredibly unique sense of atmosphere and mystery.Its based around resource management with some pretty basic combat at its core, and while the combat is quite linear I honestly don't feel it detracts too much from the game. You have a crew of zailors and officers who are subjected to fear, terror, hunger and all sorts of nastiness. Terror especially can play havoc with your crew, the longer you spend out at zee the higher it goes and this increases at a variety of rates depending on how perilous the surroundings seem to be. However the absolute backbone of this game comes within its writing, each port will have stories, news, pieces of information and points of interest - some of which is just for entertainment purposes, but others actually drive the game / quest forward for you. There are endless opportunities to be had in this game, the majority of the map is randomly generated and every single play through is different.Check out the video if you want a flavour of what I'm talking about."
,Not Recommended,304650,11202530,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,lasati,"I love RPGs. I love permadeath as a mechanic. But permadeath should be an outcome of bad choices, because I got into a combat over my head or picked a wrong dialogue path. Not because a failed a 33% flat roll that popped up for no particular reason (from the player's standpoint).It's assinine to invest hours into a game, to accumulate wealth and resources and improve your combat skill... only to have a window pop up saying ""roll or die"" and you fail the roll and die."
,Not Recommended,304650,11610856,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"So Sunless Sea SHOULD be something I love. Naval, Lovecraft, Anglophile, ""Rouge-lite"". But it really isn't fun. It is one step up from a facebook/browser game. You will see a lot of love for this, but the thing is, PEOPLE LOVE THE IDEA OF IT.If you buy this you will have some fun for a bit. But, you will find it to be repetitive quickly. I've played since Early Access and I don't feel like it has grown much. Is it fun for an afternoon's play? YES. But will you find depth and an urge to come back often, NO.""Rogue-lite"" has become an abused term. This is a perfect example of that. I feel awful saying not to play unless you find it cheap, because all of its parts are things I love. It just doesn't gel into a single work as well.Here is my old review on it during Early Access: ""Great potential. Not really that much fun yet. If you want to watch what has the chance to be a great game develop, then try it. There is too much tinkering needed and not enough to do for repeated play throughs. I would suggest watching some videos on Youtube or twitch before you make your decision."""
76561197999045915,Not Recommended,304650,33909516,Posted: 30 July,all,DaSkruff,"I can't recommend it.The truth is, the minute to minute gameplay of this game is boring as hell. You watch an extremely slow moving ship crawl through empty waters for the majority of your experience. The combat is uninteresting when it does happen, consisting of turning and waiting for cooldowns. When you die (which you will, repeatedly) you get to have the honor of doing the exact same quests over and over each time, with the long lulls of boring boat driving that make up the majority of play time. The beginning economy in the game only makes sense in that you're intended to die, and then balance it out by carrying 50% of your proceeds on through your heirs- literally, the game makes you replay itself to get anywhere.That's not say this game is all bad. The music is great, the atmosphere is great, the graphics/art design from the detailed locations are great. The interesting story arcs (it is a lot of reading), when you can actually GET to them tend to be interesting and engaging... But then you'll just have to repeat them anyways when your character dies. The issue is that the gameplay itself is simply not fun, and just time-consuming. And then having to repeat that EXACT SAME GAMEPLAY, is just punishment and time-wasting. The experience would have been better as an audiobook or a visual novel.If you're looking for this type of game, I would recommend Darkwood way more- the pacing, and utilization of map randomization this game so desperately lacks can be found there, and permadeath does not mean literally repeating the same thing over and over at the start of each game.This game has potential, but unless the gameplay gets revamped, it's better suited to a different medium than being a game."
,Recommended,304650,30006498,Posted: 18 February,all,Quiche,The most atmospheric exploration game I have ever enjoyed. Fantastic narrative bolstered by the perfect soundtrack. Note that all dialogue is conveyed through text boxes - so if you're not into reading Sunless Sea might not be for you.The game is quite unforgiving to new players.
76561198059399852,Recommended,304650,20786171,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,The Flyest Nihilist,"This game evokes an intense feeling of atmosphere, dread, terror and intrigue that I don't think paralells anything I've seen in a long time. This game was the portal for me to play their free browser game Fallen London, which (similar to this game) I recommend only with very large stipulations.You're going to spend a lot of time watching your ship go from place to place. Progression is quite slow and you won't always feel like you're on an amazing errand. The Zee does not forgive and it will not forgive you.If you get a hold of this game, release all attachment from your first character, blow all his money on fuel and ship him in a direction. Discover amazing lands with strange lore and inevitably go mad, starve or sink your ship. Maybe all three.If you are willing to deal with this game's unorthodox design, it will treat you well. I highly recommend this game, but be prepared for the inevitability of your own demise at the hands of an uncaring force of eldritch nature. Have fun."
76561198079225175,Recommended,304650,20757904,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Skyzzor,"An exploration driven RPG that excells in storytelling, and falls short in some other categories, mainly: the grind, especially when first starting. Money will be tight for the first few playthroughs, and most of the exploration and discovery of this game is hindered by the inability to effectively deal with terror, supplies, fuel, and echo situation. This is recitifed somewhat by port reports, the economy/trading system, and random events. Overall, enjoyable."
76561198023237051,Recommended,304650,29297659,Posted: 16 January,all,daniel2855,"This game was the first ever permadeth game for me. I never understood rogue-like games or their attraction until this game. When you only get one shot in a game like this it adds so much more depth and like in the real world you take it seriously, I want to play more great games like this and also like darkest dungeon. I love the gameplay and themes."
,Recommended,304650,26191022,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Denko,"I really like Sunless Sea, however my recommendation comes with an asterisk. I do not think this game is for everyone. The most traditional game part would probably be the naval combat and that mostly takes a backseat to the rest of the game. The main focus of the game is the stories, the narrative of the Unterzee; Sunless sea is heavy on text content.The game is rogue-lite, islands in the zee move around between playthroughs (or ""Captains"") and you can leave some of your progress to your next Captain upon your death or retirement. The islands and ports function like a ""Choose your own Adventure"" where you can follow different storylets to help out some devils or talk to people who only speak in questions or perhaps sell your soul to some monkeys. All of this is set in some alternate universe victorian era fantasy Earth where London was taken a mile below the earth by some bats and space pterodactyls.If you're unsure about this game try Fallen London, it's a browser game with the same style and athmosphere that focuses on Fallen London itself rather than the vast Unterzee beside it.unthesunthesunthes / 10Would go mad and eat my crew again"
,Recommended,304650,14731085,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Useless Inn Keeper,"Be warned, this game will recieve bad reviews because it slow and punishing. The story is non-linear and the combat is not exceptional.However, if you enjoy reading, you will find that this may well be the single most immersive and fascinating game you will ever play and that you cannot put it down after 36 hours of playing and that you may have nightmares about the zee-gods and that the Alarming Scholar seriously creeps you out and that the Likely Lass really didn't deserve you cheating on her with the Devil Lady and that maybe you shouldn't have helped the rats and that you will never forget what you found in frost found and that Sunless Sea's title is the only place that 'sea' will ever be spelled correctly and that you like it better that way and that this may well be the single most immersive and fascinating game you will ever play.(just don't expect to get most of your fun from the combat)and by the way, this game isn't the least bit grindy. If anyone says its grindy, it's because they are afraid to explore the darkest corners of the Unterzee, and that grinding on the smaller islands near home is the only way for them to persist.These people are wusses. Explore. Take Risks. Eat Your Crew. Go Insane. Survive. Don't listen to the wusses."
76561198032377284,Recommended,304650,24046692,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Onansfist,"My every failure, and even my successes, measured in terror.I greet my new crew as they come aboard. I wonder if they can see their deaths reflected in the mirror of my face. Woe, being litany, is something we share; theirs only being much shorter. I will remember every face. I will listen to their laughter, until it stops, has run out, like sand from a glass. The sound replaced by the beating of ten thousand featherless wings in a negative space full of ruin and madness colored the blackest pitch.This abyss we sail upon does not need you to look into it to take your measure. It knows that everything alive has been born a lesser monster than itself.From behind the door to my quarters, I listen to these men boast of courage and bravery. They don't yet understand the way their sanity will be tethered to the ship's light - and what will happen when we must extinguish it to save ourselves.10/10 for jumped-up IF unfairly attached to a RNG"
76561198210178768,Recommended,304650,15704778,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,sumplkrum,"Yes, the game IS trying to kill you.... and that death will probably be slow and painful.If H.P. Lovecraft wrote steampunk.Not for anyone who doesn't like to read."
76561198059637432,Recommended,304650,30544426,Posted: 16 March,all,YBTHEKING,"This game is nothing less than fantastic! I am 40 years old now and it is very hard for me to really find something new and interesting. I do think there are many good games on the market, but there can be a long way between the really good and unique one´s!This is game is a rare jewel and i would love to see a sequel that just has more of it all.... I am a kid again, i want more of everything this game offers, i don´t want it to end..;)What an amazing journey into this exiting and interesting world of exploration, were you are in constant search of the unknown.The freedom to sail around in this game is very nice, so you decide for yourself when and were to go, but you can get quests/jobs that need you to fire up under your old rusty diesel busket, but like i wrote above i LOVE it and I WAN´T MORE MORE MORE...Dev´s i salute you :) What a great game and cool soundtrack..! I am a music composer with my own private owned pro-music studio in Denmark. If you EVER need theme music or tracks for any game, videos or whatever... Text me and i will create it for free.... I respect you & i love your work!"
76561198045985140,Recommended,304650,14665171,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cowboy#76,"Let me tell you about Sunless Sea:When you are able to look back and honestly say that you were able to overcome the gods and monsters that lurk around the underzee with only your wits and cunning, accumulated at the cost of several ships and many dead zailors, then you will understand what a great game this is.Im going to be honest with you, when I got this game through early acess, I hated it. There was no point to the game. Nothing was finished and their was no point in travelling around the map, and your only options were to wander pointlessly until you died. So I walked away for a time. But I have recently gone back and played the finished product and I can honestly say that I fell in love with the game. Sure the story needs some polish and I would appreciate more options when it came to some of the locations, but the joy of the game is discovery. This is not a game for those who want to sick close to London and play it safe. As you travel farther and farther out you discover more lucritive oppertunites, and more interesting storylines( fun fact: you can sail to the edges of the map, witch turned out to be some of the best/worst decisions I ever made). Also: Don't be afraid to die. Death is only a temporary burden, and lets you start off with some of your old goods allowing you a slightly easier time, each time you restart. So don't worry about dying! Thats half the fun! Now get out and start sailing!Overall Opinion: 9/10-Needs more story. Not too much but a few of the locations could use more fleshing out."
,Recommended,304650,23195660,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,HughJas,"A beautifully written choose-your-own adventure with a serious sense of forboding that will have you second-guessing everything you do. There are so many stories to stumble upon in the Unterzee, the only reason I don't have hundreds of hours played is that I had to stop myself from losing more of my life to this game. My 73 hours were logged over the course of 5 days.I... I think I pushed a zailor overboard. Maybe she jumped. Maybe she was taken... but I think I pushed her. I definitely ate the other one, though. No mistaking that...What would the wife and kid think? Oh well, I made it back, so at least Junior will have a nice inheritence..."
76561198044114549,Recommended,304650,26221094,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Takes,"I've spent hours cruising the underzea with an accompanying podcast or audiobook for the long voyages ;)The story and background on each character and port in this weird, terrifying, wonderful underworld drew me in quickly and kept me smothered.10/10THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTH-"
76561198014908621,Recommended,304650,30301155,Posted: 3 March,all,kraken1980,A unique and slightly bizarre adventure roguelike-esque game set on the unterzee. Great to see a different setting for a game this time a underground sea where london has fallen into in a victorian like era. Highly recommend any who like this game to play Fallen London by the same developers
76561198069060226,Recommended,304650,20854249,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Lunmina,It a great game for all who love surprises and are not frustraded easily.
,Recommended,304650,23240439,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Metzge,"A haiku summing up my feels on Sunless Sea:Waves upon the bow;False stars fall from the ceiling;The Zee claims all things.-----------Prior to finding this game on Steam, I've never heard of Sunless Sea, Fallen London, or its creators Failbetter Games. But as someone who really enjoys writing and good storytelling, along with the whole Victorian-era steampunk aesthetic, Sunless Sea quickly became one of my favorite games. At first, the writing might be a little overwhelming to those more accustomed to faster-paced roguelike/survival games, but it's the writing and quests you find yourself immersed in that keep you coming back for more. While the game thrives as an interactive story told over the lifetimes of numerous captains you create and play as (with more chapters and content added post-release regularly for free), it's still decently fun when it comes to combat and exploration. Albeit, your safer bet is on the latter if you intend on making money and surviving early on, but there's nothing wrong with wanting to hunt some of the more dreadful monsters lurking in the deeps.Be careful though: much like the dastardly Zeebeasties, you'll soon find yourself swallowed up by this game.See what I did there? Now go try this game."
,Recommended,304650,27951648,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"tom ""good posts"" bomp","I have to give this a positive review - the writing and setting is so amazing and immersive, there's a lot that made me think ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is cool"" (eg island with kingdom of guinea pigs warring against talking rats). It was just really cool going round reading all the writing. However, the gameplay itself is kind of tedious - permadeath in a game where you're seeing exactly the same stuff each time 90% of the time is boring but not dying ever locks off some story mechanics. And there's weird stuff like taking your map when you start again gives you a bonus to one of the best stats but means you can't earn XP from exploring AND the game is more tedious. I highly recommend playing around as it's intended for a bit, then when that gets dull cheating and exploring all the wonderful writing and setting without the chains of the gameplay. There's still a LOT of hours of fun just reading and appreciating it."
,Recommended,304650,14358107,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Soth,"This game is hard, and you will die. But that's part of the fun! Seriously.The writing is fantastic, the atmosphere is haunting and grim, the artwork is sublime.I highly recommend Sunless Sea, and if you like Lovecraftian themes and/or Victorian era, then this is a game for you"
76561197960362137,Recommended,304650,14393070,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Soyoen,"The goodThe sunless sea has in essence a very compelling, dramatic, and mostly lovely storytelling perspective standing upon a great foundation of lore. It has a beautiful artwork and the game could easily be described as well polished, which features an open world which to some extent reminds me of Gothic 2.The questionableCertain events such as the ones going on early in the days of theIron Republicin terms of different markets can easily be offputting without information of when to expect x, y, z. This is a game that on some occassion really requires you to check the wiki due to lack of ingame information, which I leave open for interpretation. The resource management system within the game in terms of crew, fuel, supplies, and terror works, but can quickly become rather dull.The badWhat I really did not enjoy in the sunless sea was both the pace of the game combined with the gating mechanics in place. The speed in which you are able to explore locations is hugely depending upon your vessel, which for starters is a snail on the screen that easily can make you lose interest in the game regardless of how good the story may be. The pace really doesn't build up, which in combination with the gating mechanics for items that can improve the pace just makes this game remarkably slow, dull, and boring when travelling from one location to another.The difficulty of the game is also extremely poor, in terms of not providing any challenge whatsoever unless you wish to be complete careless. You will die in this game, but only when you decide to suicide yourself or take fights that shouldn't be taken in the first place.The verdictThe Sunless Sea is a game that you as a customer should pick up when there is a sale. The game has many good points that I'm sure many more can elaborate upon, but it also has many questionable and bad aspects which for players not familiar in the setting can find highly frustrating. If you can get a hold of this game below 10£/$ then I'd recommend it, 7,5£/$ and I'd strongly recommend it, you don't want to miss the good aspects this game has to offer."
76561197966869112,Recommended,304650,14261280,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,einssi,"An odd game this one. Basicly one just steers a steamship around a bunch of islands on a 2D map, which sounds hugely boring. The occasional fights are either very easy, or very very hard, and the akwardness of the combat system doesn't help out when the shooting starts.However. The epic athmosphere, constant management of resources, sence of discovery, beautiful 2D art and the sheer Terror of never being quite sure one is going to make it back to port (or be able to afford to leave out again!) create gameplay that is hugely addictive.Ofcourse, after the journey comes the destination, and here's where Sunless Sea really shines. The numerous islands and other locations all offer their own very well written text-based adventures. The adventures also often span several locations, forcing the players crew of mariners to those desperate journeys to find unknown destinations. (Or to eat each other!)These two gameplay elements also combine in fresh and very interesting fantasy realm. Everything is sort of familiar, but also sort of mixed up, and nothing is really explained, leaving the player to puzzle out the lore of the world from random parts of text.The steam gameplay counter claims I've played the game 20 hours, however it seems to me I've only managed to dabble in the mystery of Sunless Sea. The only reason the counter doesn't say 100 hours too, is that due Early Access status, not all of the adventures and locations are fully implemented, and I wanted to wait for the full product after realising this game was just too damn good to spoil in any way."
76561198030124232,Recommended,304650,35055902,Posted: 18 September,all,Kieron,"Possibly the best game in ""This is realy hard to enjoy"" game tag.  The game is beautiful, but it is built on top of a punishing platform that keeps you from focusing on any one story for any length of time.  It kinda works, you get carried away looking for some damn magic widgit and end up with no supplies and the nearest friendly port out of range and budget.  Then half your crew goes insane with fear, you kill half of them, and just manage to make it home now that you only have two mouths to feed.Or you die, and miss out on the rest of the story completely.I guess the frustration makes actually completing a story better.  Game is a masterwork in frustration."
76561198026674025,Recommended,304650,11331398,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mr. stargazer,This game...this game.This game is the first that made me actaully write a review.Do not be put off by it being early access or its dark atmophere. This game is only getting started and I can't wait to see more.
76561197979093208,Recommended,304650,11406587,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,"Imagine, if you will, H.P. Lovecraft and Terry Prachett deciding to collaborate on the re-writing of a script penned by Jules Vernes, which was then adopted into a video game styled after FTL. This is that game.Brave the darkness of the Zee, face the horrors in its depths, go insane, and die."
,Recommended,304650,13572399,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zaba (Easton),"I love this game the story is amazing the dialoge is nice and fluent however the new combat system is odd, I don't enjoy the fact that early game bats can take you down to half..."
,Recommended,304650,30024055,Posted: 18 February,all,「Ｈｉｒｏ」,"About 7-8 years ago, I played a browser-based text game called Echo Bazaar (now Fallen London). It was a Lovecraftian-Victorian-esque masterpiece with incredible depth and skill systems, very reminiscent of Deus Ex's gameplay mechanics. When I picked up this game on the free weekend, I felt like I had seen this game before. Then, I realized, that thisisEcho Bazaar. I had a complete nostalgia freakout.This game is very niche. You will die, you will make fatal mistakes, and that's okay. You will get absorbed into the character you've made, and you'll probably feel pretty bad when that character dies after your ship is stranded in the middle of nowhere. This is how the game is meant to be played - get used to it, if you want to enjoy this game.This writing is amazing. All of the story is delivered through written text, and it's masterful.Buy this game. It's so good."
,Recommended,304650,14368462,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Creagle,"A really deep level of strategy and planning, a beautifully imagined world and thoughtful storytelling make this game unforgettable. The ever-changing map is a delight to explore and surprising, sometimes shocking storylines await every time you set sail from the dark piers of Fallen London. A really well-balanced economy will give you headaches but makes rewards all the more satisfying and the sandbox element ensures the game never becomes a rigid grind."
76561198007974541,Recommended,304650,14384901,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gvarr,"It has been many years since I started a game for the first time and 15 hours later..♥♥♥♥♥♥I spent the whole day and evening in front of the computer.Sunless sea is a game where the game designers had ideas about the game, its mechanics, its world. great ideas. This is a more than welcome relief from all the other games that are always the same game mechanics in other clothes, all the same FPS, RTS, MMO and so on.If you want something different, a real game, try this but cancel all other appointments when you start to play ;-)"
76561197960966979,Recommended,304650,25374958,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Squishy_Supreme,"Rogue-like.  We hear it all the time.  This game is truly of the genre and not ""I make a decision and hope the next room is better"", which isn't Rogue-like, but simply moving from one random encounter to another.This game feels like a breath of fresh air to an old-school gamer like myself. It goes back to the days of 16-bit computing when saves were few, death was a real thing to try to not have happen, and the story and theme were at the forefront of the experience, because graphics were not the focus.  It reminds me of games like Escape Velocity, Angband, Star Control 2, and many other classic games of that era.  This game feels like there is an entire MMO or RPG setting behind it, and the onine community is great.  What you get is a compelling and unique story that feels like it has real characters and a unique and dark atmosphere befitting a roguelike game.  More than one time I've jumped in my seat or had those stressful moments of trying to figure out how to work out a solution.  Not in a chess-like fashion, but more of a ""it's going to eat me if I undock now..."" Quite literally in a few cases.  This is an odd and grim world and the Zee is vast and dark...Yes, resources are hard to get at first.  You will die.  Quite a few times.  There is no manual/training mode, so you have to figure things out yourself. You can play for hours and still not see the entire map or know half of the stories.  And more keep being added, all slightly eery and definitely the result of a warped mind.  But like all good games, it is very rewarding once you start to figure it out.This is my #1 recommended game of the year on Steam.  It says that I've played 9 hours online, but the game works better/syncs with the company's sever much better if you run it outside of Steam, where I have several hundred hours of play.If you are running XP or Vista and can't get it to connect or start up, I wrote a FAQ as well on getting it to run. Check the forums.Dark and creepyUnforgivingHuge depth of play. A truly unique setting.Experiment and die.  Experiment some more.  And die.And eat your crew.  But that's a secret you tell no one..."
,Recommended,304650,14681604,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Doc Monday,"Kill your crew for fuel, get a nasty sunburn,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pantsSunless Sea is a game from the developers of Fallen London so i went in expecting to need knowlege from that to enjoy this but the opposite is true, i played both and know squat. The world of the unterzee is as vast as it is confusing, you won't find all of it's secrets in one run in fact you'll be surprised to find out anything before your first captain is with the drownies at the bottom of the unterzee or in the belly of a zee beast but that's ok, this game is made to be enjoyed through several deaths.Lets start out simple, the graphics are great for what this is. You're playing a 2D overhead exploring game, don't expect crytech graphics with frostbite action but expect beautiful terrifying buildings, lost islands that will invade your dreams or give you nightmares. Simple beauty is what i'm trying to say here, in my library of tripple A games with ""real life graphics"" this is one of the most beautiful because the images stick, when you see Irem or the Sea of Statues you don't easily forget them, they're all as different as can be yet all as haunting as the game implies.Combat is simple in Sunless Sea and expet to get into a fight often, you keep the enemy in sight of your guns and let them charge while staying out of their range and try to sink them and take their cargo or flesh depending on what you killed. There are skills that help with combat by making you hit harder or make you harder to see but that's not something i'll go over th game does it well enough on it's own. One important thing i need to stress is not to get cocky, from the very start you can run into enemies that will sink you faster than the titanic, learn what is where and when to run.Now my favorite part of Sunless Sea is the story, you need to find it. You are free to make whatever destiny you want, run between ports grabbing things for people or taking reports for the admiralty, sink ships or monsters and become the most powerful thing on the unterzee. There are several ways to win the game but none of them come easy, explore and make your own destiny in the unterzee or find the fastest way to retire you'll have fun either way and uncover things that might make you change course.One thing i want to note about the game is that when your captain's run is over, win lose or draw, you can make a new one that can get special boosts depending on your last captain's choices. For example if you made a will your next character will start off with more choices over your items, if you made some heirlooms you'll get more money for your next captain, you can even find things in the game Fallen London for your next captain.Sunless Sea is a great game, it's as long as you want to make it but terrifying all the way to the end, not in a horror game type of way though don't expect any jumpscares unless you happen to stumble upon the eye. At the time i'm writing this Sunless Sea has only been on full release for a short time and there are some things it needs like more stories to fill in spots and some more items to strive for but overall i give it a 9/10, great game just in need of polish."
,Recommended,304650,32959332,Posted: 28 June,all,Tim Stark,I was warned I shouldn't go somewhere. I went somewhere.I shouldn't have gone somewhere.
76561198057194771,Recommended,304650,24872023,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"zet zail and zeek your fortune.Surprising depth, well delivered rogue lite elements, and an interesting world to explore make for a winning combination."
,Recommended,304650,15508921,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Zeppeline,"Unlike many, I don't play games for the joy of figuring out mechanics and strategies. I don't play for the rush of defeating the boss (although it is a nice feeling), or to waste time, or to get bragging rights.I play for the stories. And Sunless Sea is a game of stories. Yes, it's about the terror you feel when you're at 5 hull and low on supplies and you don't know if you'll make it back; it's about trying to survive; but mostly it's about the stories. (Like the time I was being chased by a Lifeberg, backed my way into the channels that block the north, and sat there shooting at it happily until it died, frustrated and unable to reach me. But more like the island full of insane postmen, and the one with the spiders, and the one where they only speak in questions. What /is/ the difference between a question and a riddle?)Ultimately, it's not for everybody. And since I often binge-play it and then don't come back for months, I occasionally forget my current goals, which is frustrating. But this is one of the few games I'm happy to give up cumulative days of my life to."
76561198016505203,Recommended,304650,12577627,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kuro Shogun,I helped a tribe of sentient rats take over a strategically important island.  Got 5 Echo (Dollars) from the Admirality for my services to the Crown.10/10 would look stupid for aiding a rodent uprising again
,Not Recommended,304650,33148732,Posted: 2 July,all,Grim,"Cool story setting, music etc, but most of the gameplay is just floating from port to port at an infuriatingly slow pace. Just play Fallen London instead."
,Not Recommended,304650,26038946,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Aegir,"For a game called Sunless Sea, a game where you are the captain of a boat, this game has a strong downplay on actually sailing or doing anything at sea. The story and writing are great, which serve to both make the game pretty good, but also remind me why I can't recommend it. Everything you do at sea seems to be filler to get you to the next story bit, but your ship moves so slow and you use so much fuel that it takes a long time to get anywhere, and there's rarely anything to shoot at, so it's just a couple minutes of idle time between docks. It's filler that seems to only be there to inconvinience you.Oh you're in the middle of nowhere and want to move a tiny bit faster? Well your engine blew up. Want to put the flames out? Oh half your crew died trying. Now you can only move at half speed since you don't have enough crew."
76561198068806335,Recommended,304650,20822921,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,frogprincess_q4,"At first I thought it might be a nice game if a bit boring, but before long I was mesmerised. 5 hours later I came up for air, but only because RL insisted on my attention.It's not some fast-paced, linear story; rather it is a world of gradual exploration, strategy and dark little tales to unfold. It's slow, I suppose, but somehow it feels more leisurely than cumbersome.As I write this, the game is available to play for free for the next couple of days. If you are even slightly curious, download it and have a go. You have nothing to lose - well maybe the rest of your weekend, who knows?"
,Recommended,304650,14399521,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Derbster,"Sunless Sea is a fantastic RPG with some of the best writing I have seen in a while. Because of this, if you're expecting action, this game isn'y for you; there is a lot of reading. Don't let that deter you from this truely immersive experience."
76561198007363172,Recommended,304650,14461745,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,dejapes,"Sunless Sea is a sailing exploration game with 'choose my own adventure' text exposition, heavily featuring moral choices, the ethics of survival, and eldritch horror.  The writing is professional and consistent; it establishes a distinct atmosphere, often with a limited yet well-phrased selection of prose.  I would recommend this game to anyone who has even a passing interest in the works of H.P. Lovecraft or more contemporary authors like China Mieville.However, the recommendation comes with some qualifications.  First, the pace of this game is slow and gradual.  Your initial steam ship putters along the Unterzee, and you can expect some voyages to last twenty minutes to an hour between leaving Fallen London and returning.  (Assuming you return at all.)  Ship and engine upgrades noticeably improve your speed, but not terribly so.Second, this is not a trading game or privateering game comparable to Sid Meier's Pirates or other examples of that genre.  If you try to bulk buy and sell goods, you will make a marginal profit, if at all.  You can turn a profit looting zea monsters and pirates, but it's often a small and incidental gain.  If you try to grind your way to a better ship and upgrades with buy/sell trade routes, you will be frustrated.  Do not do this.I have found that it's fairly easy to make Echoes (the game's currency), particularly once you've gotten some experience under your belt.  To that end, here is a few tips to new Captains, to make their voyages in the Unterzee more enjoyable.1)  This game rewards dying, so take risks and explore.  Succeeding captains will be able to select from 'legacy' options, allowing you to inherit some of the progress of your poor, ill-fated initial captains.  Some unique options actually open up only AFTER a captain has died in your legacy.2) The majority of profitable opportunities, particularly in the early game, comes from story dialogue and missions.  Pick up trade opportunities and strange cargo, and don't be afraid to sail off the edge of your explored map to look for new ports.  Eventually, you'll find some significant money-making options that don't necessarily require active missions.3)  Compile a port report at every port you visit.  Pass by ports en route to your destination even if you don't have to.  The admiralty is an excellent source of 'living expenses' and fuel, every time you return to London.  Selling intelligence is a major source of income in this game.  Make sure to always ask the Admiral for special requests.4)  Similarly, don't be afraid to multi-task.  If someone is paying you a couple hundred echoes to carry them to a port on the far end of the map, look at your chart for opportunities along the way.  Visit as many ports as you can, explore, compile reports, and pick up / cash in requests en route.5) Be aware of the 'Something awaits you in port' icon on the lower left, near the text log of events.  It resembles a lit street lamp.  Essentially, there are actions you can take in every port (London included) that can only be done once per game day.  This is to prevent spamming some profitable exploration/visit options.  Whenever you see that icon pop up, see if you can drop by a nearby port to take advantage.  Also, if you're confused as to why an option isn't appearing, it's usually because that icon isn't there.The short of it is that this is a sailing adventure game where the usual margin-trading and privateering strategies do not apply.  The story and atmosphere features heavily in one's enjoyment of it.  If you're unwilling or ill-inclined to embrace the game's gradual unfolding and read all the (sometimes voluminous) text that comes before you, then you're unlikely to enjoy Sunless Sea.  But if you're willing to plunge into the deep, take risks, and embrace the immersion and atmosphere of the narrative, then you'll have a good time in the Unterzee."
,Not Recommended,304650,11129232,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Hastaga,"Early Access Game review (7th Aug 2014)Edit #1 (8th Aug 2014)I feel like I should explain why am I writing a review even tho I have only 4 hours game time on this; consider this is usually a quality/standard I rely on to judge the review writer's legitimacy. While it is true that I have not explored the mid game or late game content of this game (which is also why I did not write anything about them, this '4 hours on record' also says the game (at its current state) has discouraged me enough to stop investing time on it after 4 hours. Mostly because of the slow game pace (feeling of making no progress).Disclaimer: This is a neutral review, not saying the game is bad or anything WHEN IT COMPLETES. It has potential, ok? (Gosh, I hate this word... 'potential'). But yea, for new players; if you are looking to enjoy a good game and pay $17.09 or $18.99 for it ... you might want to check out this and other 'negative reviews' first.Before we go on, keep in mind this game is charging us $18.99 ... i bought it for $17.09, but still, expensive.Especially when you compare it with Faster than Light (FTL) (10$ full price... constantly on 50% off discount coz it's an 'old game' now), which I will constantly compare this game with.Why would I compare this game with FTL?Both games are text based exploring RPG genre. At least 3 categories fit, why not?Let's talk about what I like about Sunless Sea first.1. Exploring elementYou get to sail/zail, and you have full control over your sailing/zailing; something I like a lot (this beats FTL, coz FTL is one direction and multiple choice, that's all the exploring you get).The course plotting from player, despite being provided with full freedom, is balanced by the need to estimate/calculate risk that one may encounter during the zail (strong monsters and gaining 'terror' ... a game mechancis that makes bad things happen to you if it gets too high). This creates a reasonable difficulty scaling environment for the players whlie not taking away any of the freedom of control from us.2. Fascinating World Settings (Dark and dangerous atmosphere, fitting the title 'Sunless Sea' perfectly)I personally enjoyed reading the text/plot a lot, even tho English is not my first language. Good read really, and helps immersion much. I don't think not knowing the plots (from another game with same world settings) before will create problem to new players. Since i'm one myself.3. Game's art and music has done right, helps players' immersion.Even tho I don't think they're consistent enough. As in, sometimes they show, sometimes they don't. Gets dull when there's no music (even background noise, please.) This I have to bring up FTL. The game always have music, different music for different scenario, all of them well made too. (Just my 2 cents on this, if you care less about music then just go ahead and appreciate the colourful arts).What I DO NOT LIKE about Sunless Sea*I'll mention something that many other players/reviews have mentioend first1. EconomyTrading is broken/incomplete atm, grinding takes forever. This harms the fun player may gain/enjoy from exploring/zailing, also has negative impact on difficulty scaling. I.E Play time increases but you're not moving forward by much. Every now and then you get to spend 500 echo/coins on an upgrade and then you're broke again, with increasing difficulty to earn money. More importantly, getting that single piece of upgrade will not give you obvious edge against foes you previously can't defat/struggle to defeat. Meaning, you're still gonna lose a lot of hp or other resources, which you will have to pay to recover.... and then the bad cycle repeats itself.2. GameplayFTL beats this game on this, hands down. FTL's combat is always engaging, timing and multitask, keeping you busy and planning multiple things all the time. This game seems to want to do the same by providing you with the same 'pause' function between planning, but there's simply no such need to have that function unless the player really wants to take it eassssssssssssyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy (as in, very very casual. No harm to have this function at all of coz.)So, what's wrong with the gameplay of this game? To be more specific; combat.2a. Enemy variety not enoughOnly 3 enemies for early game, and then a few more 'advanced' enemies... you can tell they're advanced by their looks, but that's all you know;2b. Not enough info on enemiesThe game does not provide you with anything to let player know how strong is that thing you're fighting until you engage your enemy in combat.... and if you're unlucky, you die, start over... what's the point to punish players like this I wonder? (Looking at FTL, they provide players with options to gain info and still make the combat fun, engaging and challening. Charging almost double the price, I wonder why aren't the devs doing the same if not similar)2c. Skill uses resources that hurt the exploring aspect of the gameYou use fuels to make effective evasive moves. Meaning you're going back to London sooner if you use those moves... yep, that totally makes exploring fun.. not. Alternative/recommendation would be giving abilities starting cooldowns or adding conditions to the ability before they are available in combat (such as illumination level must be high/low enough).2d. Weapon/attack methods variety not enough (both yourself and enemies, you have basically only 1 damaging method, and before that, you launch 2 flares.... that's basically what you do against EVERYTHING you'd fight in early game... somtimes you launch 3 flares, in another wrod, always the same pattern.... boring. I wonder why couldn't I have a skip button to skip this meaningless combat session an djust.. get the loot already. ""Come on, game! You know i'm 100% gonna win and 100% my enemy will not be able to hurt me. Be a bro and don't waste time please!""3. Exploring....after you died once.When all the islands remain at the same place after you start over, it really feels like a big timesink for nothing when you zail, and totally takes aways the fun of exploring from players. Hell, I won't even need a map anymore. Would be nice if they can at least change the positions of islands a bit and help players to find meaning in exploring... or changes other thigns up a bit, like enemies vareity whatnot (FTL has nebula, hostile sectors and stuff like, effectively providing both level variety an maintaining gameplay/system integrity at the same time... no fun taken away, nothing is compromised).So... tl;dr (in conclusion, as in)Fascinating settings and stories, but not everything is completed so don't expect a fulfilling experience.Gameplay is subpar atm. Strongest gameplay element of Sunless Sea* is exploring, but it's gimped by a broken/imcomplete trading system and BORING, BORING AND UNENGAGING SEA/ZEE ENCOUNTERS. (might as well make me dodge moving cyclones or icebergs, really, that at least tests my zailing skills). O yea I frogot to mention, the ship controling feels pretty neat, that's good... +0.5 points.So uh, if you are seriously serious in helping the devs, do go ahead and pay 17.09-18.99 dollars for this, even for this Early Acess version, it has its perks.BUT, if you are like me who was looking for a really fun game to play..... game is not completed, so hold your horses, 'no.' You will not get what you're looking for.Lastly, dear devs; even for 17.09, the game really is quite expensive. I wonder if it's because of the plot writing. You'd better beef up the exploring experience or make the combat of the game engaging at least if you don't want your faituful audience throw tomatoes at you.* = Sunless Sea at its current state (early access)"
,Not Recommended,304650,32659364,Posted: 22 June,all,DonkeyWorld,"The actual gameplay in this is fairly shallow. There are long periods of exploration that quickly becomes just a waiting game. Availability of actions feels fairly random. I prefer the larger choice driven narratives of 80 Days or A House of Many Doors.That said, it is well written, very atmospheric, the music is great, and there are clearly some stories to be told. If gameplay is fairly irrelevant to you then this could still be a good purchase.While I wasn't expecting astonishing gameplay prior to purchase, it still fell below expectations. For that reason I have to say no to a recommendation."
76561198009003628,Recommended,304650,13875641,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,sarin555,"I am going to review this game...in song! Shoggoth on the roof: Tentacle/Fiddlee on the roof: Tradition style!Sailing a boat in a caveSounds crazy - no, certifiably insane!But here in this little game called Sunless Sea that is possible,And in this game you might say everything will rock the boatAnd I’m not speaking metaphorically!It’s not easy playing a game with… a gigantic cave,hanging over your head, but I did anyway!This game is one of the hardest rogue-like I playWith sailing out of the port will immediately punishing youYou may ask: Why do you play it, if it’s so difficult?That, I can tell you in one word: Zea!Zea~, Zea! Zea!Zea~, Zea! Zea!Who, day and night, must working on a ship,having a wife and kids, praying to Zea's gods?And who has no right to argue with the captain,when he gonna eat them?The crew~, the crew! Zea.The crew~, the crew! Zea.Who must know the way to guide a ship,so it wouldn't sink, so it wouldn't sunk?Who must raise his skill up to the point,So he wouldn't end up dead?The captain~, the captain! Zea!The captain~, the captain! Zea!At three, we started engine. At ten, we found our pray.I see there were a lot of loots, I hope I get some.The pirate~, the pirate! Zea!The pirate~, the pirate! Zea!And who roll on the ground, screaming in frustration.Because all his ten hours, watsed in just ten seconds?The player~, the player! Zea!The player~, the player! Zea!We have the Ports, and the Landmarks, and the Khanate's Fortress that we Zeafarer is mighty proud of, but the heart of all is the Fallen London. It may not have many stories, but it will forever be your place to start and refill fuel.This game has some colorful interesting crews you can meet along the way. You'll see many of them a bit one-sided, but don't let that get you down, there are some special among recruitable crew you can pick as well...For instance, Genial Magician, the chief engineer.""Hello, mister. From the look you must be Zea captian, are you not? I could offer you my service on you ship as an engineer""""You want to be my enginner with a missing hand? I did not even know who you are, sir""""I am but a magician, sir. And don't worry about the hand, I have a lot of trick"".And Phoebe, a surgeon, and a girl who survived when her house was set ablaze.""So, what happen at the Hunter Keep, Miss Phoebe""""I do not want to talk about it captain, beside the storm is coming""And Albino Tinkerer, a thinking, talking rat.""Those Guinea Pig are gonna pay for messing with us!"".Then there are others in Zea. Some stay in one place, some move around. The Dark-Spectacled Admiral, a secretive man who have part in the Great Game. I do not even want to know what that mean. We normal sailor just look the other way and try not to mess with them. And among ourselves, we do it just fine.Well, of course there are some who think that we should become trader rather than explorer, and some who think we should become explorer rather than trader... but that's all settled now. Now, we just try to-""We should do trade so that we could have piles of cash!""""No, exploring give us even more chance for cash!""""I'm telling you, trading is better!""""Go trading and we gonna be swarmed by those bloody pirate!""TRADE!EXPLORE!TRADE!EXPLORE!TRADE!EXPLORE!Zea~, Zea! Zea!Zea~, Zea! Zea!Like i said, in this game of Sunless Sea there will always be something interesting. So why not buy it and upvote this review for 'funny'."
,Not Recommended,304650,29977792,Posted: 16 February,all,Josefu Jōsutā,"It feels like tens of hours must be put in before you can really enjoy this game. It's a very cool concept though. I love the atmosphere and exploration, but it is way too difficult to play. I'm either constantly running out of fuel or I am struggling to find supplies/food). If I stay close to London to preserve my resources, I do not earn enough back at port to sustain my next voyage. I'm sure if a played this for several hours and tried to figure out the exact mechanics I would enjoy it more, but it doesn't seem worth the effort. There are so many great ideas in this game, just wish it was executed better. Too much of a grind at the beggining. Still, there is a lot of potential. Perhaps if they fix some of the issues in the future..."
,Recommended,304650,11086683,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,norespawns,"Lost most of my crew fighting gerbil people, I then proceeded to go insane and drown myself.10/10"
76561198021831802,Recommended,304650,11217138,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Wizeguy,"This game possesses a really nice, old-school kind of charm. If you don't mind the absence of voice acting and combat animations, you can enjoy an atmospheric journey through a weird, original and occasionally hilarious world quite unlike any other I have encountered so far (as I have not played Fallen London).The Early Access Version is already fully playable, I have yet to encounter any serious bugs or other problems.In conclusion, if you enjoy mushroom wine, cannibalism, steam engines or just being made to imagine a fantastic world through reading well-written story passages and descriptions, give this game a try."
,Recommended,304650,21185397,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,奥尔良鸡腿堡,"基于克苏鲁神话的航海策略类游戏，非常引人入胜。优点：-有趣的故事，多样的发展和结局-大量战斗都能避免-充分的危机感-探索的乐趣，发现宝物时的惊喜adventage:-interesting story-you can avoid fights-high pressure from the environment,pirates,monsters and the darkness-a great exploration and always with surprise缺点：-对新手非常不友好，不死几次根本不知道一开始要干什么-继承海图过于BUG，地图的随机性完全无法施展-地图太小-事件的触发条件无法查看，很多损失不知道如何避免，完美结局强迫症对此表示抗议weekness:SORRY ABOUT MY POOR ENGLISH.BUT this is still a good game.TRUST ME.point:7.5/10"
,Recommended,304650,14383309,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Synth,"Oh! So much to say. This is a very unique game that takes inspiration from so many places that shouldn't work together, but they pull it off brilliantly.A rogue-like naval exploration and storytelling game set in a lovecraftian and discworldesque world, Sunless Sea is a surprising game with only one real flaw: It's combat is somewhat lacking, limited, and repetitive..but it wouldn't be fair to hold that against the game, as the combat is an after-thought, an inbetween that pads the time between the moments where the real star of the show shines greater: the story.I urge you to take a look at Sunless Sea, if you're in search for a new experience."
76561198034171721,Recommended,304650,12428174,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Corgi Pupper,"Wow, I just realized how old my last review was. I need to rewrite this. I wrote this back in Beta when you could still do things like capture ships for salvage, and combat was slightly-more terrible than it is now.Anyway, the game's.... A long grind in my opinion. Interesting stories for a playthrough or two. I'd recomend getting this game on a sale if you really want it, but I think it's too expensive for too much grinding.The game also has a nasty habit of ""But I might need it later"" syndrome, where your inventory gets filled with rare maguffins you'll need for the entry fee to a storyline. I think they should have stripped the economy from the base game, as in my experience turning a true profit requires the gratiutious use of Microsoft Excel's spreadsheets, and it's not interesting at all to have to circle the ocean repeatedly, farming for rare quest items.The game's stories are the most-interesting part, although I find the lack of spoilers on the internet frightening, it appears to me like there's some sort of mild censorship going on. Maybe it's just me, but I want to see if the EULA contained a non-disclosure agreement or something. More likely in my opinion: maybe everyone just gave up on getting to an ending because of all the grinding.One might say it's the journey that matters, not the destination, but in that case the game's nothing but listening to Youtube vlogs while you watch your ship slooooooowly drift across an empty black screen to collect slightly-higher numbers, so they can trade for numbers on the other side of the map and hope to get a rare encounter to get the macguffin you need for your quest.TL;DRToo much grinding, not enough stories and adventure to flesh out long-term gameplay. Buy it on sale, don't expect a blast after the first two or three playthroughs. 7/10. With the new expansion, I guess it has more content, but I've never played it so I'd just guess it adds underwater grinding to the mix. I WOULD RECCOMEND this game to someone who's got a long, tired weekend, just bring a book. Do yourself a favor and look up where to find the rare items on the game's wiki. It will preserve your sanity and save you a lot of time.PS: The developers try to improve the quality of their writing by using a thesaurus. In my opinion this is only effective 60% of the time, the other 40% of the time you're Googling obscure words-of-the-day or archaic titles like ""bo'sun,"" ""consonator,"" or ""taciturn."" It would help if the writers just took a step back and called a spade a spade once in a while, instead of using obscure language which only English majors would understand. I think they needlessly complicate their writing sometimes because they think it works better, they do it so often and carelessly that it blows up in their face sometimes."
,Recommended,304650,11146444,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Miju 水,I'm god awful at this game and still manage to have fun through all the tears♥♥♥♥ you giant crabs
76561198047160140,Recommended,304650,17527070,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Jimmy McNulty,"I tried to talk to a sexy lady with a butterfly tattoo and she said:""There's more tattoos on my body,do you want to find them?""HELL YEAH!11/10Seriously,this game is awesome.The writing is the best one I've seen in a game,atmosphere is amazingly creepy,the feeling of exploration is priceless and the choices you made through the game are spectacularly effective.This is one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,304650,26140516,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sleek Weezles,"Aside from a bit of confusing UI choices, it's absolutely perfect. One of my favorites. Good luck, Zailor."
76561198055411235,Recommended,304650,20360197,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,"I am a Scrub,",THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN.Praise it.
,Recommended,304650,20818914,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sisboompa,Ph'nglui Mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh Wgah'nagl Fhtagn
76561197994806250,Recommended,304650,20316593,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Princess Molestia,Played it a bit. It's ok.
76561198037380895,Recommended,304650,17706690,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Petrichor,"I have experienced very few games like Sunless Sea: a game that is both casual, and completely engrossing.After booting up the game, the player finds themselves in the town of Fallen London, a once great city which was unfortuitously dragged into a massive underground ocean by angry bats during the reign of Queen Victoria. From there, you are given a bout, some crew, a few strange coins, and a mission: explore, bring glory to the empire, die where someone will find you.One could roam the oceans doing menial tasks for the hierarchy to scrape up a few coins, or, one could side with the Great Khanate, trading their honor for riches.Alternatively, you can be Captain Crusty Cumswallow, scourge of the low-zees, fighting off overlarge sharks, moustachieod fish, defenseless merchants, and the wrath of the gods whilst smuggling pornagraphy and human souls in the hopes of one day putting your feet up in your zeeside mansion.In this game, you really feel the choices you make, and you can reap their benefits of suffer cruel punishment for the smallest actions, which can be a no-go for some people, but for me I found that it accuratly portrays the fragility of life on the Zee, in the dark, with no friends. The only true negative I can think of about this game is it's lack of replayablity, as every character will eventually carry out most of the same missions with most of the same officers, which averages out to a mostly the same experience.I would highly recommend people who enjoy exploration and adventure, but wouldn't cry if you character of 12 hours goes insane and is murdered by what crew he hasnt eaten yet."
76561198018910266,Recommended,304650,30820929,Posted: 29 March,all,Spirit of Madness,"This is masterpiece. I am possessed by it. I want to play it non-stop. When I dont have time to explore unterzee, I think about it, and suffer from melancholy. And when I play it, I am so happy."
76561197970533587,Recommended,304650,26885540,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blindsight,Something forgotten is here.Carved in my own sweet skin.Cursed by the nameless god of farewells.Witnessed by one so very far away.Known by an ancient anger.Followed by the Constant Companion.Until Green-And-Gold and Glory.To cross the last horizon.THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN
,Recommended,304650,32704727,Posted: 23 June,all,C-zom,"An extremely sedate and relaxed game that dives us into a surreal Victorian Gothic underworld (Sea? Zee? Hm.) The amount of content and story exposition is as deep as the universe we sail in, and while it never quite reaches the profound darkness it proclaims to possess (The maturity, themes, and breadth of content and style reminded me of a Young Adults Horror) it still has a magical air and calming nature to it that encompasses both a satisfying game loop, and devilishly twisty stories.Overall: 4/5, Recommended at asking price.Pros:*Polished, engaging game loop is satisfying to play for hours without boring you out.*Lineage system of continuing your campaign is crazy cool, especially when the game recommends it. You'll see.*Interesting combat mechanics that have just enough twists or variations to be fun.*Profound atmosphere and polish to the lore and worldbuilding. Some of the most careful attention to internal accuracy or in-universe sharing of tropes/continuity I've seen.*Quite long, lots of branching paths, very replayable depending on your style.Cons:*Not as dark, Lovecraftian, contemplative or even plain old scary as reviews -- and it -- want you to believe. Struck me very young adult-esque at times, with that accessible and safe diction and delivery of the story.*Early game is an absolute menace if you don't study up. Can disavow interest from impatient newcomers.*Without the DLC it absolutely lacks in the mid game department, but has a satisfying conclusion spread after, regardless.I'm going to abandon explaining the in-game fluff and explanations for both the technology and literal meaning of devices. Boats will be boats, islands will be islands. If I tried to explain that your boat was technically already underwater, but not really--yeah, no firstcomers to this review would know what I'm talking about.So, Sunless Sea. You sail from island to island, shore to shore, in a bit of a choose your own adventure rogue-like. (God I hate that term.) There are enemies to combat along the way that range from pitiful loot sources to nightmarish bosses, and the complexity and meat of the game is centered around the world of Fallen London (established in a F2P browser game apparently forever ago.)Each island, ship, outpost, notable landmark or random event will have a story to it. Quest chains of various sizes that embellish more of the rich lore to you, as well as to upgrade your ship, weapons, crew, and relations with people. Your crew also has quests for you. Multiple offices from multiple towns do, too. Each spiraling thread reminds me of the cause/effect found in modern AAA role playing games these days, but done in a much more succinct and satisfying way.To achieve all these events you don't need to only explore. You collect various sub-resources that essentially act as keys to doing certain things. To loosely explain, you have a universal currency for purchasing stuff. A sub currency to be secretive or have espionage in missions. One for combat encounters. One for society/politics. Etc.This inherently is awesome for replaying. Sessions can be shorter than an hour or longer than ten if you want, or live. The best part is that the universe constructs itself around your attempts and often times, encourages you to die. It has a lineage system that is not worth omitting from this review. If you die, you become a new captain. You can continue on the rumored quest of your predecessor, or do your own thing. You may also have a kid, raise them however you want throughout the story, and then play as them when you die. How awesome is that? The story will build itself, and react, to this element.My closing paragraph will be discussing my prior point about the feel of the story. While it is rife with insanity, suicide, crew death or cosmic horror and some shocking societal messages, it never feels... dark. The world feels calm, safe, sedate and unfocused. Some crazy stuff is going on, but it doesn't want you or the characters to feel that way. This universe is normal, this is their lives, this is stuff they see every day. Perhaps the writing matches this mood, but the game -- for all its self promotion -- never once invoked dread or fear, and only played it safe enough to keep me engaged in the otherwise fascinating lore it presents."
76561198167383699,Recommended,304650,28412769,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ZooeyKablooey,"I am in love with this game.  There is quite a bit of reading, which I am fine with but may not be for everybody.  It is all well-written and adds to the atmosphere and setting of the unter-zee.  Yes, you will die and have to start over, but the further you make it, the more things you'll be able to pass on to your next captain.  Every captain of mine has made it longer than the previous as you learn what to do or not do.  There is a real sense of exploration as you navigate the inky darkness searching for ports and other wonders.  The further you explore from a port where you know you can resupply, the more tense it gets.  It is creepy, mysterious and humorous all at the same time."
76561197993903991,Recommended,304650,23057894,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,sle!n,"i absolutely love the world, the atmosphere and the writing.. its a very slowpaced game, but a brilliant one!"
,Recommended,304650,14360235,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Anderson,"Very good game which is better than the sum of its parts. While the combat and trading mechanics are pretty shallow, the world where the game is set in is unique and fleshed out. The various islands where the self-contained segments of the story take part really steal the show here, acting as a mini-library of several choose-your-own-adventure books."
,Recommended,304650,12754944,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rageworks,"So far, I really enjoy the game. Different story-line choices make the game quite different.You get quite a pounding in the early stages of the game if you're reckless, so this forces you to be stealthy. After gaining enough currency and experience in the game, it becomes easier though.Of course it has minor bugs here and there and not all of the content is in the game either. It's in early access after all. The price is well worth it, considering the overall experience in-game (plus, you'll get the DLC for free after release).If you like fancy dialogues and rogue-like genre, this game might be for you. I highly recommend it."
76561197972167247,Recommended,304650,29999509,Posted: 17 February,all,Nighty,"TL;DR: fun game, has a lot of gameplay and UI/UX issues, get it in a sale.I'm not sure I like the game, but it sure is addictive. It's addictive in the same sense that most unforgiving games with permadeath are: that drive to give it another shot, see if a different approach may yield better results, applying what little we learned in this round to hopefully do better in the next one. In this regard, it reminds me a lot of FTL.The graphics are adequate and help create a fitting atmosphere. Some elements are just so-so, e.g. the vortices or what I assume represents bad weather, and the ships are merely adequate. But these small blemishes can be easily overlooked. The sound and music are also very fitting, and it appears the music reacts to both your location and present situation. Every port and their surrounding area seems to have its own soundscape. I probably should pay more attention to the sound, but I'm one of those people who automatically blocks out the music on a conscious level, although it still helps set the mood.But the one thing every reviewer agrees on: this game is merciless, and there's a certain learning curve. While I don't mind permadeath per se, in this game, it clashes with the narrative elements. Every time you die, you start over with a new captain. The legacy mechanic allows you to retain some stats/belongings from the previous captain, but every storyline they participated in is reset. They can receive the same quests, or enlist the same officers, but the stories play out the exact same way, word for word, *from the very beginning*. And this is where the game falls a bit short for me: it wants to be two conflicting things at once. It wants to be a narrative-driven game, but because it also wants to be a merciless permadeath game, it forces you to reread paragraphs and paragraphs of narrative. So after a short while, you develop this habit of just skipping or skimming it, at which point you start to wonder why it's there to begin with since you no longer even bother reading the new text.On to the UI. Let me start by saying I'm a couch player, so I need to enlargen the UI elements and fonts to make this game playable on the TV from 10ft away. I think it's very commendable that the authors put these options in there, although the lack of controller support is puzzling since the game would lend itself so well to being played with a controller. However, some elements could've been better. The buttons in the main menu offer too little contrast. Especially from a distance, without UI scaling. And the flow through the ingame screens lacks, well, flow... In your Gazetteer (book that serves as the ingame menu), many pages are redundant. There's this button after visiting a place ""Back to the city"". Clicking it, rather than taking you to the ""City"" menu, just shows you a page telling you that you can just click ""London"" at the right edge of the screen. The harbourmaster's summary of your ""action items"" in the form of a list of messages contains no clickable items and disappears until your next visit when dismissed. After interacting with one of your officers, you're taken back to an unrelated screen devoid of any information or relevance, rather than back to the Officers screen from where you came. All in all, the gazetteer is a jumbled mess. There are even parts of the game where it simply states that to unlock a certain interaction, a certain status ""must be !"", as if someone forgot to put in the template variable that will be filled in with the actual value. It's little things like this that give the game an unpolished and unfinished look.And then there's the gameplay. It's easy to get hooked on this game, if you're the kind of person who enjoys starting over and devising ever better strategies. But some things are just boring busywork. You're supposed to report back on ports you visited, but doing so requires you to write these reports in the first place. This requires you to actually click a button when docked, nested in one of the menu items. This is a redundant gameplay element, a piece of senseless busywork. It's not like there's this situation developing at these ports, and every time you visit, the story progresses and you learn new details. The text is more along the lines of ""these fishermen play their cards close to their chest and reply mostly with evasive answers, but after a while you manage to piece together enough clues to write your report"". Every port has its own variation, but every time you visit the same port it's the exact same text. Filing these reports separately upon returning to London is even more tedious. And it's not the only instance of busywork in this game: the only way to obtain news is to go to your lodging and explicitly click ""read the paper"". These things should not require user interaction, if they have a place in the game at all.And then there's the ""everything is an item"" mechanic. You can collect secrets, but it's abstract. You just receive an item called ""Secret"". You can have multiple, and they can be used/traded. This leads to ridiculous scenarios such as you learning a secret from an NPC, which becomes a ""Secret"" inventory item, which you then spend on the Cladery Heir in the form of ""revealing something about your past"" in order to improve your Hearts stat by 1. And literally everything in this game suffers from this illogical mechanic: read the paper in London, and you have one ""News"" item which several ports are interested in. But if you use it at one port, it's gone and can no longer be used at another. Secrets, news, ... are not modeled as knowledge, but as consumables which are stored in your inventory.In summary:Despite its shortcomings, the game is still quite addictive. Whether I find it enjoyable is something I haven't fully decided yet. Some issues with the game are easy to ignore, e.g. the ""everything is an item"" mechanic, while weird and illogical, is just something you have to accept and get used to. But the game suffers from a schizofrenic undecisiveness about what it wants to be: some parts (the secrets, the tales of terror, ...) are so abstract and devoid of detail, whereas other parts such as the quests drown in narrative. And this narrative clashes with the ""fail often and restart from zero"" approach to progression, which leads to repitition, causing the player to ignore or skim the narrative entirely.Would I recommend it? Sure, it has enough good elements to keep things interesting. But not at full retail. It's simply too unpolished and even unfinished to justify the asking price. Especially compared to other games that cost less (e.g. FTL), and are more polished and more focused in their gameplay elements."
,Recommended,304650,28115019,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Benedict,"Ive enjoyed Sunless Sea, its quite unlike the majority of other games I play. Its got a heavy focus on ""mini stories"" which are told in a wonderful, grim, dark, bleak manner, and the entire game world comes together to support this with moody music, wonderful hand drawn art. The hourney is the destination, and it is gestalt.However, at the 10 hour mark, Im getting a bit tired of it. It seems to have endless content (which I would like to enjoy) but doesnt have a great system for keeping in game notes which means staying on top of everything and planning stuff requires old school RL notes (I think best done on execl, but that requires a lot of alt tabbing etc), and there is a fair amount of tedium travelling backwards and forth to carry out your goals. If there was a quick travel system I would continue, but there isnt, so I shall not, I shall simply end my journey here. I will remember Sunless Sea fondly."
,Recommended,304650,20961882,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,barbecue sauce,"Arrived too late to buy this game while it was on sale, but I bought it anyway after reading up on it. And I can say that without a doubt, I am so glad I did.A lot of people hate this game because of the uncertainty and slowness involved in playing it. They don't like the constant peril or the suspense involved. But that's exactly what makes me like Sunless Sea so much. I love the mood and the neverending climaxes. I love exploring this great, cavernous sea. The dead spaces in between ports are what MAKE the game what it is.The detail of the game is also excellent, as is the writing. Art and music throughout support the atmosphere wonderfully.I've only had it for a few days, but I've already done so much. I can't wait to play it again."
76561198179974283,Recommended,304650,22957800,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,fredex,"I bought this game unsure if it was for me so kept an eye on a 2 hour timer so I could get a refund in case it was not.Next thing I know it was 11 hours later.I haven't actually played it since then and I do keep meaning to get back to it but the prospect of dying and having to redo everything up to that point is kind of offputting me. Even so it was worth it just for that one day of play.In terms of the style it is genuinely amazing and you can literally lose yourself in it for hours. The writing is mostly good but at times seems a little bit random, almost computer generated. Obviously it isn't because you see the exact same text repeatedly whenever you re-enter that area or talk to the same person. In that regard it feels like they could have written a few variants for each thing just to increase replay value. As I said, the prospect of redoing it all when I inevitably die doesn't exactly appeal to me.Then again it has now been long enough since I last played it that I might just start from scratch anyway..."
76561198061027030,Recommended,304650,22994086,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Uber Thumbs,Uniquely entertaining and dazzlingly eloquent. A pitch perfect tone and mood that is completely mezmerizing. Eat your crew. They're yummy.
,Recommended,304650,23007653,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cbshadow231,"Never before have I been so astonished at a game's ability to pull me in and immerse me in the world so much that theories and questions are constantly coming up in my mind. This game is so artfully made, so eloquent, and with the best unexpected humor, to call it a masterpiece would be a trivial compliment in scale to how fantastic this game truly is. The gameplay is everything I could hope for in a sea (or zee) captaining experience, not to mention with a lore unlike any other, so convoluted and enigmatic, yet more satisfying and wholesome than a chest full of riches. The story and mysterious world surrounding this game are by far the greatest I have ever encountered so far in a game, yet to the initial few playthroughs, hidden. Its one that is initially unseen and unspoken, yet once you find it, its like the Neath itself, unfathomably extensive and mysterious. The only negative aspect I have to say is that the game isnt easy, and I dont mean that as in it's unfair or that I simply cant play well, it's the fact that while youre exploring and learning more and more, you are at a constant struggle to survive. There is no simple farming for money, there are no quick tips to beat difficult enemies, theres not even a constant map over your multiple captains' lifetimes. So if you enjoy a real challenge, a unmatched immersive story, and have a hankering to be a hardened, monster-wrangling, zee-loving gentleman fighting to survive in an industrial revolutionary underground ocean, there is no better game for you than Sunless Sea!"
76561198274848211,Recommended,304650,26674001,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Malcadicta,"This is a marvelous game.I was already a fan of Fallen London when it came out, so I knew what to expect plotwise - for anyone who is not familiar with FL I would definitely recommend to go and check it out before buying Sunless Sea, because most of fun from it is based on text and cards. It's better to find out if you like that sort of thing beforehand.It's horribly punishing, and, despite other opinions - you can turn on manual saves. It's just less in the mood to do so. The sea is unforgiving, and your capitans will be dying a lot, you'll be agonising over the amount of fuel or supplies you have left. But as soon as you figure out how to get scions to work it's not that terrible, they will inherit more of the things you did. The game is time-consuming, to be sure, one cruise can take up to 1,5 an hour. At first you will probably die quickly, but around third or fourth captain you'll have a pretty good grasp of how not to die.Jus to make it clear - it's not a game for everyone.if you don't want to read into various subplots or try to collect hints on how Neath works and what entities lurk behind the scenes, I would say this isn't for you, beacuse most of enjoyment comes from tht. If you're discouraged if there is no easy way of gaining money and most plots take time and many cruises, it's also not for you - the grinding element of Fallen London is sometimes present. If long times of just sailing from place to place would bore you quickly, it's probably also not for you. Bou if you're used to those things and love climat of Fallen London, or just want to nervously watch your fuel burn down and wonder if you can make it this time, and not perish on the high zee... you'll love that.By the way, the soundtrack in this game can be just ingenious."
,Recommended,304650,29992707,Posted: 17 February,all,cerespallas,"I don't really want to give this game a bad review because the early game is way too hard until you can buy faster engine and better ship/weapon. It's probably intentional.The early game with slow ship makes sailing quite slow with not much happening until you meet enemies that are either too strong or too weak for you. Then more sailing.When you die, you start all over again with really slow ship and bad weapon, and during your grind to the other 'port' or sail the seas that you have remembered from earlier 'deaths', it's highly possible that you will meet 140 hull ship or 1400 Mr. nomad (don't go north), and boom, boom, boom, die.At my sixth captain, I get tired of restarting the map, go again with really slow ship, at some randomized chance meet 140 hull ship, try to overrun them and then die because I'm not fast enough.For some people this might be their kind of game, the restarting cycle and uncovering the map over and over again. So the thumb up is for them, because this isn't a bad game.There were stories and probably plenty of them I haven't seen (I've read some), but it's not enough to compel me on quick death and restart all over again, on the map with bandaged people, khan, fire republic, frostfound that I have remembered quite well and have to 'find', again, for the sixth time.6,5 hours and my thought was, 'what... again? I'm out.'It's interesting for some, but not for me. At one point I might want to try again. Probably."
76561198298871873,Recommended,304650,30294265,Posted: 3 March,all,MHQ-1988,"Obviously, this game isn't for everyone. It requires a massive amount of patience early on; make sure you build your stats carefully and consistently as you go. Don't play this if you're looking for fast-paced action because you're not going to get that until you make enough money to upgrade your weapons and engines. This is a game about exploration and strategy. There also isn't any point in playing Sunless Sea unless you're a fan of text-based RPGs. But if you're looking to get lost in a world that you can explore for hours on end, you will find Sunless Sea a hypnotic and mesmerizing experience.Initially, my main criticism of Sunless Sea was that it didn't feel creepy and immersive enough. But that was before I bought the Zubmariner expansion, and now I can't imagine Sunless Sea without it. If you like Sunless Sea and you haven't gotten Zubmariner yet, rectify that now."
,Recommended,304650,14357469,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Trindraf,"Even though I could only have a quick look at the game, I already love it! It actually rewards exploartion and curiosity which is rarely done! I would easly recommend it so far, and I will update this review as I play more!And if you care about how first encouter goes:http://youtu.be/2CiB0w9EYL0"
76561198245446676,Recommended,304650,26741682,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bhaalspawn,"This game is not for everyone.  It is a one-of-a-kind, unforgiving, slow-paced game with very little real time combat or cheap thrill.  But, if you play this and figure out what you're doing and how the world works, and you're lucky enough to be one of the people that clicks with the atmosphere, you'll literally never forget it.  The definition of fantastical is the definition of this game.  I have never read a book that offered more for the mind and soul than Sunless Sea, and the way it teleports you to another world is something I doubt I will ever see again.  Play it, give it a chance, and you will know soon enough if you and this game are a match.I will not give pros and cons, because they won't help you.  This game cannot be described simply, because no language has the ability to describe true emotion.  Either you are absolutely entranced by this game, or you are looking for something different.  Play it, give it a legitimate chance, and you'll know if it's something that will become part of your life soon enough."
76561198163667668,Recommended,304650,17446052,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,windoverwasteland,"After all the hours I've put into this game, I figured I owe it a review (if only for the sake of Steam statistics).Sunless Sea is, essentially, Firefly set in the Victorian fantasy. You have a rusty old steamer with a small dysfunctional crew. Failure invariably awaits you, while rare small successes will make you question your integrity. Pace is slow by design, and there is no immediate overarching storyline to speak of - though further into the game tiny bits of story will start building up to something larger, like lego blocks.If you can tolerate all these things, you may love this game. If you prefer your games to be dynamic, focused and immediately rewarding, stay away.If you still decide to purchase it, keep two things in mind about gameplay: don't focus on wholesale trading outside of quests and don't rush to upgrade your ship. Stealthy captains running small errands on their starter ships until almost endgame are going to have a much smoother experience. Also, as others have mentioned, try Fallen London for a sample of Failbetter writing."
,Recommended,304650,17510728,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bennydeak,"Weird, unforgiving and novel little thing! Great game!"
76561198038852493,Recommended,304650,17416639,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,lordlmao,"Take to the sea in a world that the light has never touched and logic has never found. The world of Fallen London is as massive and expansive as it is well written and elusive. It is of no surprise that the companion game in the same setting that drags you around everywhere BUT London would be even bigger and more elusive than The Vake.You create a captain, you find a crew and you take to the high seas. If you're lucky you'll last a while before you die. This game is all about death and giving it another go. This is the Neath and very likely that means death isn't as big an obstacle as a few people would want it to be. But in for a secret, in for a whisper innit?It's a lot of fun. I really quite enjoy the new combat system, I bought in during the beta when combat was a stody and horrid affair like an evening at Sommerset College but now it's properly exciting like a lecture in Benthic college. All in all it's a unique gamplay experience crammed in with intrigue, strange characters and an amazingly written world.You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll scream in rage as you eat your crew and then start over with a hop in your step. If you've very lucky you might even get to fall in love, what a story will that could be.Overall if you want story with a lot of meat- though it's a bit rubbery and lumpy at times- then this game gets the highest reccomendation.Come on, be a delicious friend. Sign up to Fallen London from a bit of crossplay and gain benefits in both games from your actions in the other."
76561197970952528,Recommended,304650,17435557,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,The Petulant Platypus,"Sunless Sea is a wonderful ""slow burning"" game.  On the surface it appears as another Rogue-like game where you are punished incessantly for non-perfect play, yet when you break that initial surface, much like entering the Unterzee (where you will be spending your time), the game reveals this beautiful tapestry of tension, poetry, imagery and unease.Sunless Sea is related to the web-browser game Fallen London and you can reference Fallen London for back story of the Unterzee (or visit the Sunless Sea wiki - though that can be quite heavy on spoiler material, especially for intrepid Zee Captains out there).   It has a very Lovecraftian feel to it with all the hints of deep horrors, madness and surrealistic encounters.  For those who enjoy the weird-horror genre you will more than likely greatly enjoy what is on offer here storywise.The game is very text heavy and you will be reading a great deal, if you don't like reading in games, this may well be a big hurdle for you to surmount.  The writing is wonderfully superb though sublimely poetic and entrancing.  It gives off a great Victorian era feel, albeit with that Cthulhu-esque twist to it all.You begin your Unterzee journey as a Zee Captain out of Fallen London (London that was stolen and relocated to the shores of the Unterzee).  You start off with a small sailing vessel, rudimentary weaponry and a crew of faceless sailors.  You will soon acquire/hire officers who bring a lot of story and personality to the game.  Officers offer various bonuses and all of them have varying story plots and interactions.   You being with the life-giving resources of fuel and supplies.  Fuel powers your ship and most importantly it's lantern, supplies allow you to feed your crew and keep their hunger at bay, though there are other....... options for a ravenous and maddened crew.The locations themselves are as much a character as any of your Officers, or indeed yourself. They all have a lot of story attached to them - some humourous, some sad, some eerie, some horrifying - all of them unnerving and a little unnatural.  As you explore you will reveal the Map of the Unterzee - for as long as your Captain lives this is how the Unterzee is, if he dies though the map will have changes and things won't necessarily be in the same location - unless of course your legacy allows as such.This brings us into the life, and death of your Sea Captain.  The game clearly states : Expect your first Captain to die.  While your Captain doesn't have to die, do not be surprised when it occurs and do not be saddened as your legacy will live on, if you so choose.  You can acquire better accomodation in Fallen Londer, write a will and bequeath things to your successors, in this way every failure can lead to a future success, one where everyone in your line has contributed - an epic journey, one that beautifully mirrors the way the game plays - slow, methodical and punctuated with elegance and horror.   Being a Zee Captain though isn't just about managing your lineage, it is also about managing your ever present crew. Your base crew are faceless and man your ship, but like all good Lovecraftian horror - it is the faceless who help provide that simmering tension - the crew can, at times, throw a spanner into your plans with an impromptu fit of terror, deity attracting worshipping or the impetus to find supplies.. now.  This interaction is largely through small information boxes that appear mid-journey offering you a choice of what you want, or should I say, can, choose to do.Interacting with your Officers can be achieved by story plot/location visits, or you can initiate it through the interface of your ship.  As you gain Officers you assign them to their respective stations where they give you bonuses - ie Mascot, Chief Engineer, Ships Doctor, Navigator etc..  Officers bring a lot of story to the game, interact with them and reap the benefits.Finally locations can be interacted with.  When you dock at a location (Default is E to dock when close to a port/dock) an information panel is opened and from there you can interact with the location - be it a colony, shrine or another ship.The game is presented in a 2d top down view, interactions are through mouse clicks on information panels that open up. You have access fo a Captains Gazetteer - it has six tabs which allows you to access and interact with locations/information. (By default G opens or closes the Gazetteer). Through the Gazetteer you can access your journal, view your ship, look at shops or repair docks when in towns etc..Gameplay wise it is a rather simple affair, guide your ship around attempting to make a profit and solve plots with the rather meagre resources. The ship is controlled with the WADS keys - to turn or increase, decrease speed. The E button is your default interact button which you can use to Dock/Undock, sound the all clear from battle etc..Managing your resources is integral to your survival.Fuel obviously powers your ship, it also powers your lantern (of vital importance in the dark Unterzee).  The lantern burns a lot of fuel though and you may find yourself short on fuel and long from home - do [u[Not[/u] get stranded at Zee.Supplies allow you to feed your crew (and yourself) while at Zee.  Feeding your crew actual food is more beneficial then the alternatives, there are no fat crew on Unterzee ships, at least, not for long, for various reasons.Terror is a resource you will accumulate as you travel, events can randomly occur to rapidly increase or maybe decrease some terror.  Visiting Fallen London will always lower your terror some.  Collecting various stories/tales and venturing the Unterzee will cause terror to rise. How fast that rises depends on may factors. Littered throughout the Unterzee are buoys of light, sailing near these will produce a lower terror, they are sparsely distributed though. Having your lantern on will greatly lower the rate of terror gain, though it will cost much fuel. Finally no light and the deep of the Unterzee will gain terror very fast as your crew feel the horrors encroach in.  Reach maximum terror and you will go mad and that Captain will relinquish himself to the Zee.Echoes are the currency of the Unterzee, you can gain these via submitting reports of locations you visit to the Fallen London Admirilty, selling goods etc..  With the initial starting ship it can be difficult to make a living through trade.  That said not all trade is of a lawful nature and you may be approached by people who wish to employ you for unlawfull pursuits on the Unterzee - potentially profitable and dangerous.Secrets are another form of currency, as you discover locations you will gain fragments - these add up until they form a secret.  Secrets can be used to boost your stats, or you could sell them to a collector or secrets or you could use them to open up story/plot lines.You can gather Tales of Terror, Zee-Tales, Items of Curiosity and the liek which again allow you to turn in for a profit or unlock story.Best results are achieved not through random exploring - though early in the game this is unavoidable, but though deliberate planning and risk management.  Conserve your fuel and supplies (or preserve your delicious crew), calculate your risks and sail the Unterzee!  Fortune favours the brave, or is it cautious, one never quite knows in the Unterzee.Maybe you will eek out a wretched living barely scraping by in the squallor of Fallen London, maybe you will discover a higher purpose, maybe you will slip beneath the waves in silence, maybe you will carve a path over the Unterzee guns blazing and returning the horrors back to the Nine Hells, or maybe you will find love and pine for them as hope slips over the rail and plunges down into the depths."
76561198037290564,Recommended,304650,17498469,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,icu8024,"Sunless Sea is a facinating game that combines wonderful story telling and rouge style adventure all in one neat package.You begin your adventure picking various pasts, names, and other formalities that can decide later event in the game. Then...well nothing really. There is no main story line to follow other than various quest and story chains that can aim you in the right direction. Since the map is generally random (ports and islands are set to certain areas, yet can move around upon each new game) you are advised just to sail out there and find a brand new world of lovecraftian horror and steampunk goofyness. Each port has a story, decisions, and characters that can either offer you immense riches or terrible ends, depending on what you choose.Be advised, if you don't like dying in games this game isn't for you. Life is unfair in the sea. Anything from enemy attacks, starvation, to just bad luck can end a game as quickly as it starts. However, with each death you can bring items back, maps preserved, or other vital elements can be saved for you next in line. The game is fairly replayable, with multiple pasts providing a world of difference.All in all the game is suprisingly well thought out and the stories will leave you captivated for hours. A must buy for Role Play fans."
76561198082140944,Recommended,304650,31790665,Posted: 16 May,all,William The Merchant,"A great game with some exploring and discovering in a sea of darkness. Guide your captain and his/her crew to new lands and discover new stories of the sunless sea. I enjoy it and i am gonna play more.7,5/10P.s Watch your terror"
76561198161469171,Recommended,304650,34244454,Posted: 14 August,all,TheElderWeasel,"My first captain spent his life working for the admiralty while exploring the zee and it's many wonders and terrors. Slowly over time he became more and more haunted by nightmares until he was in a constant state of fear and paranoia. Then as he explored the ocean floor, a creature that had been following him in the shadows for the longest time emerged from the darkness. In an attempt to escape, he commanded the crew to give full power to the engines. Unfortunately the engines exploded, killing a portion of the crew, and slowing the ship down to a crawl. unable to escape, he was powerless as the creature consumed him and his crew.My second captain went out to search for his father's remains. Unfortunately his noble quest was cut short while exploring the north of the underzee. Mt. Nomad, a giant black living iceberg of death came upon him in a blizzard. Unable to escape with the extreme wind, he was also killed.My third captain was obsessed with finding the secrets of immortality. While attempting to create a coalition of the underzee's finest to fight the empire of immortal souls in the south, he stumbled upon an abyss. Deciding it would make a good zee story, he ordered his crew to take him deep into it so he could dive. He discovered something down there... Several months later, after frittering away his family's fortune, visiting near every abyss in the underzee, he descended for the last time. In this abyss he met Lady Black, probably a personification of pure darkness, yet she was strangely welcoming. After embracing her, he became stuck in a world of dreams... or something. A perfect world. Or a perfect trap. Or maybe a swell place, I still don't really know what to think.My forth captain explored the entirety of the zee. She helped a small child of ice live, and continue to live traveling east. She became an assistant of devils. She established the independence of a nation of rats and guinea pigs. She helped a machine of light ascend to godhood. She played some really intense games of hallucinogenic coral chess . She defeated great sea monsters. She helped a man escape a prison surrounded by frogs, only to shove him into an engine. She became a cannibal, listened to a creepy priest and was beheaded, only to have her head sewn back on. She wanted to go east.. but she couldn't. She sacrificed everything she ever learned, her past, her future, her wealth, and her family to the gods of the zee. She learned Salt's song. She and her loyal crew sailed east.time for a new captain."
,Recommended,304650,14359563,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Reyne,"Loving it!The writing is amazing, and the game just oozes atmosphere all over the screen."
,Recommended,304650,14062281,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,bookhling,"If you're up for a game with heavy focus on narrative and exploration in a masterfully crafted world, this is the game to get.The understated tone of the game and associated internet iteration in general seem to be forcing this one to fly under everyone's radar (I only found out about the Sunless Sea way after the Kickstarter campaign was over, despite my obsession with this type of adventure/exploration experience). It would be a great shame to let that give this work a pass, however.Take some time out of your night, delve into the sunless sea. Let's see how long you can survive into the dark."
,Recommended,304650,14391833,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Frankly Sinatra,"Sunless Sea is one of those rare gems in which I find myself waking up in the morning and already planning how I am going to move forward. It's effectively a dark mixture between Lovecraft and FTL, and I adore it.  You play a ship captain in an ocean of changing islands, consorting with devils and smuggling souls. It screams of dark exploration, and is quite captivating with it's storytelling. The game itself finds it's difficulty in your own bravery. Spend to much time in the east, and you might find yourself starving to death, eating your crewmen, and going mad. Death is not the end, per-se, but dying is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥as your son takes over, without any of your crew or abilties. It keeps the tension high as you dodge giant crabs, living icebergs, and undead pirates on your quest to explore the dark truths of this ocean."
,Recommended,304650,14357980,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ziroonderel,"If you like quirky, gothic, imaginative stories, like those written by, say, Neil Gaiman or China Mieville, buy this game.If you like somewhat scary exploration games and the lovely tension between ""I need to see what's behind that island"" and ""I need to survive and not get eaten by my own crew"", buy this game.I'm completely in love with Sunless Sea; while at realease it has a couple of perfectly harmless bugs, the storytelling is stellar, the gameplay is lovely and challenging (and also, for action-impaired people like myself, it has a pause button and does not require decent reflexes) and the presentation is gorgeous."
76561197970998492,Recommended,304650,14146071,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,windfollower,"Anyone who is a fan of Lovecraft, Fallen London, or generally the constant feeling that there are mysterious, powerful, and ultimately unknowable forces at work should buy this game.Sunless Sea evokes uncertainty and trepidation as you pilot a tramp steamer through darkness and danger to exotic ports. Death can come at any time, even when you've got some sea legs under you after having played for a while, and even once things become somewhat understood and comfortable, there's always a nagging feeling of being at risk while your ship chug-chugs into the black again.I think anyone who complains that this is a grind is either playing it too safe (at the beginning), or has perhaps reached a level of playing I haven't gotten to yet after many hours of play. If you're looking for a game where you can feel that you are the master, then you've come to the wrong place."
,Recommended,304650,25521878,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Aleksandros,"A flawed but still one of the best written games I've had the pleasure to dive into. I would've played it more but my backlog is ever growing. I used to play a good lot of Fallen London, so I'm well acquainted with the setting of the Neath a web-based text game that is more or less a less cruddy Facebook game, but it was a fun timekiller and interesting story, albeit with a macabre sense of humor. Sunless Sea is much the same way, dark at its darkest, and macabre and goofy elsewhere.Pick it up on a sale, still good to see the devs have not abandoned it."
76561198030632365,Recommended,304650,25993158,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Akward,"This game is hard for a lot of people. Most of the people playing this game will just use wikis to help them survive.This game is meant for you to die, usually while eating your own face through sheer hunger or fear. Just remember to have fun.Happy Zailing, Zailors."
,Recommended,304650,11369275,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,wormroom,"Pre-release update as of 2/4: Played it again to check out what changed since my review. Still Cthulu's Oregon Trail with great writing. Worth your money for the uniqueness of experience alone.If you've ever played something like Escape Velocity, you'll feel right at home with Sunless Sea. It combines the neat world-building of Fallen London with a survival-ish roguelike-like. I really like this game, but I'd like anyone who buys it to understand why I like it before they make their decision.The gameflow in Sunless Sea is surprisingly natural. All port interactions are menu-based. You'll spend most of your time at sea. Most of your time away from port will be spent managing your fuel, supplies, and terror. The concept behind the game relies on the fact that the sun makes the ocean beautiful, and setting sail into a vast, wet expanse isn't quite as romantic as our concept of the merchant marine.Instead, you spend most of your time at sea trying to navigate between lit buoys, the shore, and trying to avoid the pitch dark that will freak the heck out of your crew. Exploring new islands and picking up quests earns you cash, new crew members, and the experience that translates into varied rewards.Where the game really shines is in cohesiveness. You don't get on a boat in Fallen London because you're a hero. You do it because you're broke, desperate, or stupid. The game's systems support this entirely. Most of the money you'll be getting comes from military commissions looking for news from far-off ports, looting hostile ships, and any number of unique events that can occur at one of the game's many islands.My main issue with Fallen London, gating the content by limiting the player's actions, actually translates into something really neat in The Sunless Sea. You can't try every activity a port has to offer in one visit, because being out to sea for a reasonable (a minute, maybe? probably less) amount of time gives you the ""Something Awaits You"" trait. This trait means that you can do something at the next port. After you've done the thing, you'll only have access to the regular port facilities. My instinct when I play games like this is to only start caring when there's a decision to be made, but making my choices matter means that I engage with the game in a much more active way.The writing is great. Nothing else to say about it!Finally, this game is cool because it's an early access title that will be released. Buying it now gives you a great opportunity to try a limited version of the game out, but the developer's sensical timetable should mean that we'll be getting the full version in October. The game isn't complete yet, but I think the most important thing an early access title can do is launch after it knows exactly what it is.This won't be a different game after it's launched, there will just be more cool stuff in it."
76561198055307134,Recommended,304650,14640250,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Collective_madness,"A dark and non linear exploration experience, Sunless Sea is quite addictive game. It contains amazing amount of detailed lore, separating it from most games under tag 'rogue like'. I enjoy the mechanics and the mixture of realism and abstract in story telling. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys games that challenge the player's imagination, most of all, to players who can see below the surface."
76561198025288109,Recommended,304650,20716335,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Duvalasur,"Let me preface this by saying that Sunless Sea is not a game for everyone, and that I have not played Fallen London.Sunless Sea isn't so much a game as a very well written naval trade economics simulator. A very slow, grindy simulator . You start off with a ship, a crew, and a meager sum of money. There are multiple ways of increasing this sum of money, but all of them revolve around sailing from one point on the map to another. Occassionally you must dodge underground sea monsters and insane pirates, but most of the time you'll be watching your fuel and supply gauges slowly tick downwards while the terror creeps up.Sure, you can fight sea monsters, but good luck doing so with the basic ship and weapon, because those barely do squat against even the weakest of monsters. And if you do manage to kill them, the rewards won't pay for the repairs you will need to make for your hull. If you want to fight monsters, or do any of the fun missions in the game, you will need to copious amounts of money. Unfortunately, money is extremely hard to come by, especially at the start when you have no idea what you should be doing.I don't usually turn to online guides to figure out how to play a game, but for Sunless Sea it's pretty much essential as the game does an exceptionally poor job at telling you what you should be doing. On just about every level, Sunless Sea moves at a glacial pace. In order to make enough money, or raise your stats high enough, in order to accomplish the more fun things the game has to offer, you will need to bide you time and grind.Port reports and quests will only get you so far, as the main source of income comes buying resources in one port and selling them in another for incremental profit. While there are a few ways of making lots of money in a short period of time, you will be cut off from them after a while, often times with little forewarning.The combat itself is nothing to write home about either, and is pretty lackluster. Even with some of the more powerful weapons, fastest engines, or bigger and better boats, it is a pretty bland structure of 'keep the enemy within firing range'.So given all these pretty damning statements, why am I giving it my recommendation?Well, what the game does right, it does phenomenally well. The writing is utterly incredible, painting a tapestry of this world and your place in it with evocative prose. And the world itself equally stunning, suffused with an air of mystery that becomes ever more expansive the more you dig into it. There is truly a sense that everyone you meet, and every where you go, has a deep an intricate backstory that ties into the greater narrative of this strange underwater sea and its equally bizarre denizens. The visuals themselves are simplistic, but tell entire stories through appearance alone. For that reason and that reason alone, I give this game my recommendation.Like I said at the beginning, this is not a game for everyone. It is boring, repetitive and a grindfest, but its an eloquently written grindfest with excellent worldbuilding. If you don't mind doing a lot of reading, then there is a lot to get out of this game. If not, than this isn't the game for you."
76561198274653799,Recommended,304650,20863825,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Corndog Seduction,"I love the creepy feeling of this game. You're nearly always on the brink of disaster, but it draws out your death by starvation. I love it."
76561198008506810,Recommended,304650,20260091,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Aiviac,"A methodical, story driven naval game in the same vein as Port Royale. Events do play a greater role than strait trade and there is a constant pressure to reach further and take meaningful risks in order to reap rewards. Expect to progress over multiple captains, learning from your (often fatal) mistakes. The game can get a little grindy when it comes to boosting your captains stats or farming gold for ship upgrades, so it's not for everyone."
,Recommended,304650,19744063,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,snowflake,"After losing 4 captains to harsh fates of the zee, I finally managed to get a good 25 hour play through in before my crew mutinied against me following a string of bad luck after stopping on an island inhabited by talking rats and guinea pigs whom were at war with each other, I won't go in to any more detail.Not quite a good enough play through as I hadn't managed to leave an heir or a will or anything to provide any advantage for my next captain. I can't see myself spending another 25 hours doing pretty much the same things, therefore will probably never play the game again. The rest of my hours played are from the early access and theres a lot of new content now.Definately recommend giving it a go if your interested. just don't expect to win, most people won't win, they just do a little better each time."
76561198009194586,Recommended,304650,18899832,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Naeva,"As a game it's a little weak. I think it's best viewed as an interactive novel with some game mechanics. Sort of like fantasy fighting books but with more depth and better writing.Some of the stories and mysteries are intriguing. Others are lighthearted and funny. I think it's well worth the price if you like lovecraftian type books and board games. If you're looking for more of a traditional challenge to master then this isn't for you. A *lot* is very random and sometimes blatantly unfair, leaving the ""winning"" strategies as very boring. If you play for experiences and don't much care about death then go nuts."
,Recommended,304650,18156270,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,spincrus,"Amazing game, amazing story-lines, amazing atmosphere. All is amazing, except for how frustrating it is to re-do EVERYTHING upon the death of your captain (which can be a common occurence if you don't play really carefully or save scum, since RNG isn't always on your side when it comes to random tentacles from the Neath grabbing your zailors).I don't even want to mention how slow the ship is, since it's probably discussed to death. Upgrading engines helps, but to an extent.Other than that, GREAT game if you love Lovecraftesque (but not Lovecraftian) terror genre."
,Recommended,304650,14639972,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,philosophercat,"Pros:+ Setting is superb. As strange and comically-sinister as it is, it's really easy to buy into it.+ Writing is absolutely fantastic and is the heart and soul of the game.+ Art is evocative, goes hand-in-hand with the prose style to create the game's unique atmosphere of wonder, whimsy, and dread.+ As of the time of this review, new content is being added regularly (new stories), and an expansion is on the way.Meh:= While the writing is good, once you've read through certain quest texts, you will probably simply click on your usual option and skip over the text on subsequent playthroughs.= It's a reader's game. If you prefer less text in your games, you might want to give this one a miss.= You will find items, meet people, and have no idea how they will be relevant. Where do you sell what item? Personally, the trial-and-error nature of it all is an enjoyable part of the experience but it could easily annoy other players.Cons:- Early game is extremely, painfully repetitive. Since dying is so easy in this game, you have to restart and play the same quests in the same areas many many times.- The combat is functional but not at all enjoyable. Most of the time, it's just a nuisance. I find myself simply relying on avoiding it because I can't be bothered."
,Recommended,304650,12753991,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BadHandbanana,Got killed by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate ship with less health...Got attacked by a lifeberg...Traded dead people for money...11/10 would die again
,Recommended,304650,30023827,Posted: 18 February,all,kalventure,"Played during the free weekend.The story is different and while a slow burning, I found myself quite addicted.  It took about 8 hours for the ""UGH I just died and lost all my progress"" annoyance to settle in, and once it did I was done for. It's a different gameplay than I am used to and I very much would like to complete the game but you can only search the map (which I SWEAR islands move) and complete the same quests repeatedly so many times...EDIT 2/22/2017:I initially wrote the above review after 9 hours on record and as of this update I have 50.4 hours on record. Now that I have delved a bit more into the game, I wanted to update my review.This is a game about exploration and taking risks.  If you enjoy in-depth story development and a good challenge, this game is for you.  I really enjoy the game and am so glad that I gave it a try over the free weekend - and was happy enough to buy it to continue playing.You will die. A lot. Despite this it is not as annoying as you might think; each time I had a decent playthru and died I had about 15 seconds of ""OMG NOT AGAIN"" and proceeded to carry on. It is a bit annoying to re-explore the map and redo the beginning quest items, but not enough to deter me from literally playing this about 12+ hours a day for like 4 days in a row.The game is really about the lineage of zee-captains. I'd recommend paying the 1,000 echoes as soon as possible to get the townhouse and unlock the will. You will only have to do that once so long as you write a new will for each subsequent zee-captain. Getting a scion unlocks a second legacy for the subsequent lineages, which I expect will also help (my current Captain hasn't died yet so I have yet to take advantage of my Scion).The biggest con is it takes a bit of time to figure things out and realize it is about the legacy of your lineage and not the specific captain.  I suppose second to that is the fact that you are set adrift on the zee without much of a tutorial or guidance and if you want to understand how the game works you have to rely on external sources like the wiki, which I did not do until about 35 hours in (I avoid spoilers; but the players of this game are so good about not ruining plotpoints).As a note, you can take off Invictus mode as well, meaning you can have manual saves. I read up on the FBG forums about this and there isn't anything other than the achievement and bragging rights.  I haven't done this yet but I probably will for my first win. The game is long and has various endings and possibilities; so replaying later when you are more experienced on Invictus is always an option."
,Recommended,304650,14632091,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Gravastar,"The setting of this game is incredible. The writing, exquisite. Oh, the things you'll do. Nothing makes you feel a zee-captain quite like eating a chunk of your First Officer's flesh. Or making a sacrifice to the gods of the Zee. Smuggling sunlight to sell at the pirate ports. Trading stories of distant shores and tales of terror. Hunting the beasts that tower over the largest ships.Now, the main problem with this game is the tedium. Gaining money in this game is a chore, trading between the ports yields very little profit, and the grind is essential and unavoidable. The enemy AI is terrible - it's really easy to abuse it, which in its own twisted way is helpful, considering how often you'll kill things in hopes of a decent drop.TLDR: Every story in Sunless Sea is thrilling, witty and charming. But the game itself is tedious and slow-paced; if you can cope with that, you will absolutely love it."
,Not Recommended,304650,20884731,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Siscly,"Bottom line, this game is boring.  Its also a lot of reading, basically a text game with a little ship graphic.  No depth, no strategy.  Just reading and watching a little ship with a smoke stack."
76561198037829352,Recommended,304650,17885521,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,"Gunter, Khan of Khans","It's like reading a book, except you can re-read it and it's still amazing. It takes some time to know what the hell you are doing, but you hit this point and almost nothing can stop you in your quest (Whatever it may be). You can sell your soul to monkeys, become a cannibal, murder your entire crew at the edge of the world and become a famous archeologist in the same playthrough. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,304650,20896479,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Cryostatic,"I'm a little disappointed in this game. I DO enjoy it. However, I was lead to believe certain things about this game from the trailer and reviews that have turned out to be very different in reality.1. It's a difficult game, and you will die. A lot.I have yet to die once. Every single death-inducing element - terror, fuel, supplies - is easy enough to manage, even when exploring aggressively. Enemy units can be seen far enough away that it's generally simple to avoid engaging them in battle. I see no need to lose my Invictus charm, because there's no need to bother saving.2. It's a survival horror game.I guess this really kind of ties into my first point. There is no horror, and very little survival element (limited to resource management). At absolutely no point have I encountered suspense, because this factor does not exist. There is zero chance that you're going to encounter something entirely unexpected, and so the player has no fear of this happening.Everything else I'm fine with. I learned from reading others' reviews that the game is slow paced, that earning money to advance is either difficult, or not intuitive. That it becomes tedious to play. That it's very well written, and has excellent story-driven plots. All this I found to be true, and for what the game is, I still enjoy it. Had it been advertised as such, I would recommend it.However, some fairly important claims are made by the developers, claims that they simply do not deliver on.I'm also disappointed that the game does not display snippets of text on the screen during events like it does in the trailer, because that would lend an extended air of significance and flair to the written element of the game, which in my opinion, is it's strongest point. However, this did not affect my review."
,Recommended,304650,17993862,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Malignant_Slurpee,"THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN.10/10No, really.  It's really good."
,Recommended,304650,20838496,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,=(eG)=™Cthulhu,It's what I expected.  Sail around and complete quests.  Grind a little if you just want to pass time.  There is enough content here you are going to need several captains.
76561198001287425,Recommended,304650,21004139,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Luscious,"I absolutely love this game, but it's definately an acquired taste. Here are some things to consider:On story and atmosphere:-It has one of the most unique worlds I have ever seen in a videogame-It is both scary, funny, and completely bizzare-There is a deep sense of mystery and discovery-Moments of panic and stress are frequent.On style of gamplay:-This game requires patience, planning, and time/resource management-It is not ""action packed"" in any way.-It is SLOW.-You must enjoy reading and lore.-You must be ready to sink many hours into itOn difficulty:-Default mode is ""unforgiving""-You will die and lose everything multiple times-Chance and randomness will have an effect, but not overwhelmingly so.Addressing common complaints:-Combat is simplistic. It is not the focus, and can usually be avoided entirely.-Unforgiving mode risks grind and repetition, but there's is no punishment for turning it off.-Items and bonuses can be unlocked which persist beyond death, it just takes a while.-There is a comprehensive online wiki for extra information on items, quests, etc.It's been years since I put 40+ hours into a single player experience, but this one hooked me. The lore and world is absolutely intriguing, and the risk and intensity is addicting. There is occasional new free content, a paid expansion coming up, and an entire browser game (Fallen London) set within the same universe. It's simply one of the best fictional worlds I've ever seen."
,Recommended,304650,18725298,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,give the dog a gun,"Sail an acrid, strange zee deep beneath the earth, lapping the shores of Hell.This game is like, all words. There's ship bits but they're not the fun part. (They're not boring either, though!)This game is DRIPPING (literally sometimes!) with atmosphere, from the lonely, quiet voyages set to mournful, empty sea shanties to the actual meat of the game, the little mini-text-adventures on different island.The characters are handled in a really vague, distant way that works for the game's emphasis on mystery and it's really conducive to roleplaying individual captains as different.There's permadeath (which you CAN turn off) also, which combined with the islands rearranging slightly when you die makes every run feel really fresh.If you play Fallen London, get this game. If you don't and like the idea story-based cosmic-horror-sea-trading you should get this, because it does this VERY WELL."
76561198035239764,Recommended,304650,18854323,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Oodles of Noodles,"Hello, delicious readers!If you've played Fallen London, then you HAVE to play Sunless Sea. You have too. No exceptions. If you haven't played Fallen London, you still HAVE to play Sunless Sea.A little slow to start but if you appreciate thoughful and creative story with a LOT of dry and dark humor, you won't be able to stop playing this.Very rewarding storylets and exploration functions, great visuals and soundtrack and I could just go on and on but I don't want to ruin anything for you guys.Now, just because this is basically 2D and it's not first person/jumpscare-arific, doesn't mean it isn't scary. There are plenty of goosebumpy and grind-your-teeth moments throughout the whole game.If you're a writer (leisure or professional), this is a great tool to use to develop your grammar bank and pacing habits.Overall, 11/10, Failbetter Games. I tip my sharkskin hat in your general direction."
,Recommended,304650,20900081,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,matzevolt,"Rarely has a ""free weekend"" worked on me, but here I am, 12 hours in and I feel like I barely even scratched the surface.Insanely deep and varied story with an almost even more insane amount of choices make this on a time vampire.The management of supplies and fuel makes the choice of exploration or returning to ""London"" matter each time.Gorgeous, dark artwork and probably the best soundtrack I've heard in recent memory.I bought it after playing it for 6-7 hours on the free weekend and have not regretted it since. I feel like I will easily sink 100 hours into this.If you got any interest in a) H.P. Lovecraft-y worlds, b) clever, funny writing, c) great horror-y artwork or d) an atmosphereic soundtrack, this one delivers it all. HOWEVER, it is not easy and quite punishing. I am fine with that though, since that fits perfectly with the setting. An easy cthullu-y game would be wrong on a number of levels."
,Recommended,304650,33968502,Posted: 2 August,all,Awkward Satan,It's quite exciting unless you die!
76561198030839720,Recommended,304650,11382381,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Einhander,Well I'm 141 hours in and I'd say that probably means I like it. What I enjoy is the focus on story over trying to make it flashy. I'm really excited for games like this because I can really get emersed in it without it becoming gimmicky. What I really look forward to is more decisions as captain of a ship. I play alot of strategy games and the most successful/fun ones give me alot of choice with my home base. Examples like more officer options/interactions more random sea encounters and meaningful ship decisions/upgrades dynamic differences between what backstory you have chosen really personalize the experience and make games like this alot of fun to play.
76561198009167539,Recommended,304650,11351127,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Duke Of Cranberries,"It's not often I grace a game with a review especially as its early access as I like to reserve my judgement. However, the feel of the game so far is damn good. Although the game is quite challenging, the feel of the game is great. Given the game is not done yet and there is a fair bit of content missing, their is an interesting balance of stats and characters. The game is stable although it could use higher resolution settings. All in all the game is engaging, entertaining, sometimes a little unerving I am most certainly enjoying the hell out of this game. Looking forward to the complete version!"
76561197971588671,Recommended,304650,11504799,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,123,"This is good stuff.  Very well written, and I've found it a fascinating play.  If you enjoyed FTL, you will enjoy this.  It is very playable, and the dev's comments and responses that I've read have been charming.  This game deserves and earns your Steam Bucks.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I already feel shadows creeping in around the corners of the cabin.  I've posted lookouts to the bow and the foc'sl to keep an eye out for shark.  They're greasy, but when hungry, a zee cap'n takes what meat the zee offers.  We're two days too far from the foggy docks of London, and the lazy ferret on my desk is sizing me up for breakfast in my sleep whilst I stare into the eye..."
76561197973693585,Recommended,304650,11357746,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gromly,"This is an early access review written as the game stands on 22/07/2014 points mentioned could be out dated by the time you read this.My recommendation for this game is somewhat subjective, for people who like narrative rich adventures or the fallen London browser game I recommend this game. For those who like gothic London or steampunk-ish themed games as well as exploration and trading games I would say its a maybe, possibly you should wait for the full release. For those that like action, jump-horror or simulations I cannot recommend this.The game play is slow and atmospheric with you piloting your steam ship around the strange and sometimes alien underzea ( the name of the setting for the game) visiting ports and completing minor missions which are usually (at this stage) simple fetch quests. There are also RPG elements with several stats to raise which can affect the success of your choices as well as combat which takes the form of a slow mini game, almost like a card game.There are however several issues to note.-The game is incredibly text heavy, if you're a ""picture is worth a thousand words"" person you may want to skip it.-Combat is quite frankly a little dull. The developer has promised to change it but as it stands it's not a high point.-Trading is not particularly satisfying, prices are static and profit margins are generally tiny to the point that it barely covers costs often you will have to resort to a FAQ or forum to work out how to make decent money.-Your terror meter fills fast in the open zea (which is classed as anything more than a ship length from shore) to the tune of something like 1 terror point every 1.5 seconds its not insurmountable and it does force you to consider your routes and adds tension still, the rate it fills at plus it's cost to lower can be an annoyance.All in all I have enjoyed the game but the number of issues makes it hard to whole heartedly recommend."
76561197970370861,Recommended,304650,14358497,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Masterhummel,"Sunless Sea is something new when it comes to gameplay and narrative.It is somewhat grindy in the beginning, but as you constantly discover new handcrafted (instead of generated) people and places, the grind doesn't feel that bad.Personally, i think it deserve to be bought at full price. The developers really took some risk in doing something fresh and challenging as well and it is simply a damn good game."
76561198063340412,Recommended,304650,16226750,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rook,"Sunless Sea is a pretty interesting exploration sandbox set in what I assume is basically Hell but with ships and water and what not. Seriously, souls are literally a tradeable commodity. But anyways, London fell down into this cavern called the ""Neath"" some time ago, and you happen to be the captain of a ship in the zee. You'll die a lot and sail a lot in the hopes that one day, one of your captains will make it.The game's mechanics are pretty simple if not repetitive. You explore in your ship and complete missions, going back and forth between the vast zee and Fallen London peddling goods and services for money. There are three key elements to your survival: fuel, food and terror, which is essentially just sanity. You must also manage your crew, as there are penalties for letting them fall below half your ship's maximum capacity; conversely, having too many crew members can also drain your food very quickly. Combat can be avoided easily, as you are much faster than most enemies and the enemies seem to have a very small aggro range. You can complete the game by finishing one of three goals you establish at the beginning of the game or by a hidden fourth, and you can pass on your wealth to future generations with a will. Events on islands are text-based and make use of probability, so if that isn't your cup of tea, look elsewhere.Your main goal in this game is money. There are two highly lucrative trade routes in Sunless Sea: coffee and sunlight, both of which will end entirely after you have made a certain amount of runs. This is one of two big issues I have with the game: once these trade routes are gone, it is virtually impossible to establish a consistent source of income through trade. You have to scrape by with whatever you made during those runs because you won't be getting much money that you don't have to spend on supplies or fuel just to survive. I never felt like I was succeeding in the game after reaching this point.The second issue I take with the game is the story, which has a lot of problematic similarities to a game like Dark Souls II.  They give you just enough lore and background to make the world seem interesting and grand, but inevitably, it's disappointing and relies too much on its predecessor. In this case, Sunless Sea is the child of an interactive text adventure named Fallen London, and unfortunately, the developers seemed a bit too proud of Fallen London to let it go. Much of the story in Sunless Sea is reliant on concepts developed in Fallen London, so the game's own story is underdeveloped and very unwelcoming to newcomers. The world established is interesting but vague at best, and Sunless Sea cannot stand on its own, which is unfortunate because it is a good game.Overall? Sunless Sea is a good game. The story is underdeveloped, and the game itself has moments where it is very poorly balanced. Still, it's quirky and fun and good for sinking (ha!) a few hours in the immersive world. I would buy it on sale if it appeals to you because I personally think it's a fun game to play with a lot of good ideas and heart and soul."
76561198078834208,Recommended,304650,26014315,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,snout,"After a bit more than an hour of gameplay, Captain Obvious and Captain Slow have already met their demise.10/10 think Captain Trump will make us great again."
76561197974781704,Recommended,304650,14375555,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Johnny Deformed,"Beautifully written, atmospheric, slow-paced and challenging, exploration game.  Even after a hundred hours, there's more to discover around the corner."
,Recommended,304650,18168368,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jeem,I sold my soul to a devil as part of a scheme to broker a fuel supply-line between Hell and a civilization of chimpanzees. Along the way my ship was nearly destroyed by a massive and angry moth and when I got back I realized I'd totally forgotten to finish the assignment London's admiralty had sent me out for in the first place.Just another day in the Neath.
76561197972325642,Recommended,304650,14099722,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,King Banhammer,"Sunless Sea is a roguelike with strong narrative elements, where you explore the horrible seas beneath the earth, and probably go mad, die, and be eaten by zee monsters.  Not necessarily in that order.It's a fun little game with tons and tons of things to do.Plus it has horrible squamous monsters from beneath the Earth! How could you go wrong?"
,Recommended,304650,26092252,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Beige Lord of the Sith,"This game is a demonstration of where review aggregation fails. It is not an 80% game, it's closer to 95%. Unfortunately, it's extremely difficult with no hand holding and large amounts of (spectacular) writing, which polarises the traditional gaming audience.Make no mistake; this game is absolutely fantastic. The world it creates gives me the same sort of giddy excitement that I used to get reading the Edge Chronicles as child, that I haven't felt since playing The Witcher 3. There is a perfect splash of dark humour in this dystopian and sideways world, with obvious Lovecraft influence and a 'horror from below' theme. Characters and plots are amazing, one of the games where I can wholely recommend you to read as little as possible before playing.It is also frustrating, and at the beginning may seem impossibly slow. However, keep exploring and experimenting, do not be dissuaded by a death or two, you may not retain many tangible upgrades with the next captain, but you do retain something more important: knowledge (knawwledge). The combat is probably the weakest link and essentially involves trying to stay behind the enemy, but moreso involves fleeing from them desperately for the first 5 hours or so.Basically, if you're a fan of exploration, stories, Lovecraft or world-building, you probably know who you are. This game is absolutely worth it. 9.5/10."
76561198060918073,Recommended,304650,30023410,Posted: 18 February,all,Gray,"Sunless Sea is an intensely creepy, beautiful game, and definetly one of my favorite narrative driven games. The one big problem IMO is the lack of a workshop for easier modding.+incredible atmosphere+soundtrack is also amazing with hair-raisingly errie music+stories range from intruiginly heartfelt to devinley disturbing and sometimes both+HUGE amount of content, will keep you busy for a very long time+discovering new islands and learning their secrets is thrilling as hell, extremely fleshed out lore+make sure to carefully manage your fuel and supplies...otherwise you might just try out some long pig ;)-combat is ''meh'' at best-it does have a bit of a learning curve, and learning how to make money can take a bit-as noted above, it dosen't have a workshop. The game can still be modded, but it does take some more effort- and the biggest problem, sadly is: the “play” part of the game play can be slow. Really slow. The ships are slow starting out, some stories can feel slow to progress, ectOverall, I highly suggest Sunless Sea, as long as you don't mind taking it a little slower in exchange for a lot of incredible writing and stories that will stay with you and haunt your dreams for a long time to come. My review really isn't doing it justice, but if enjoy creepy atmosphere this game is amazing."
,Not Recommended,304650,21196292,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Evil McStalin,"This is a very interesting game with a very profound and well-written (Gothic/Elder Gods/Horror) story. There is incredible potential in both the game itself and the game universe.There is one, major, glaring flaw, however:THE GRINDFrom very early on in the game, you discover that you need fuel and supplies to continue playing. How do you get fuel and supplies? By Grindng. How often do you Grind? You always Grind. Why? Because if you don't Grind, you don't live.Imagine WoW if your level 90 Paladin could potentially starve to death every few minutes, and needed a constant stream of Lesser Wolf Meat in order to keep playing. Want to go on a raid? Uh, sorry, I can't ....I have to go grind for 30 minutes so my dude doesn't starve to death. That is, in a nutshell, the gameplay of Sunless Sea.It's understandable why they did this. The game requies some kind of economy to keep things interesting and to keep you questing. There is a threshold, however, beyond which the GRIND stops being fun and starts to be a chore. Exploring a vast underground gothic hell-planet is fun. Making constant supply runs from port to port just so you can, maybe, one day, buy a level 3 spotlight so that you can possibly, somehow, defeat the Death Crab (or whatever) in between supply runs is.....Well, it feels more like *work* than an actual game. It feels like real life. Keep working so that you can live.But I don't play games to feel like I'm at work. Therein lies the problem.Devs: please fix your crazy GrindFest so I can give you a good rating. Sunless Sea has limitless potential, but playing currently feels more like a job than my actual job."
76561198141694967,Recommended,304650,14378221,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Wicker,"Helped a rat end the regime of the some sentient guinea pigs.10/10, would viva la revolution again."
76561198040292709,Recommended,304650,13189893,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Clarence Baskerville,"this game is beautifully written, this game is an epic story that changes with every replay, find your way through the unterzee and never forget how much an echo is worth when you are low on fuel or food. purchase if you like text adventures with some action at the helm of a steam ship"
76561197974729735,Not Recommended,304650,21748973,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Cloud_IX,"I loved the idea of this game, the setting and premise all very intriguing. It's just soo dull... feels like a chore to play. FTL is far better."
76561197993894495,Recommended,304650,20275820,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,cptcitrus,"Beautiful writing, slow start, stunning artwork, great replay value. Not action-packed, but highly memorable."
76561198047410471,Recommended,304650,11006991,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mr.Zone,"Lets jump straight into it, this is a dark dystopian exploration game where you get to trade cargo and information with other ports. Quick word of warning is that this is not an action game, combat is a ""real time card game"" when you collide with an enemy and most of your choices are left to luck same as in Fallen London, put these two things together and you have a very difficult time in the world but it also adds atmosphere and pushes the need to survive rather than fight everything you see, making money is fairly difficult until you have situated yourself with the west coastline and memorized the main harbors there. The middle of the map is a cluster of a few different locations that move every time you die so you won't see the same places every time you play or memorize the entire map.I found the best part of this game for myself was simply sailing east listening to the music enjoying the artwork.I found the worst part of this game for myself being that nobody wanted to by my crate of souls and my crew would mutiny seconds before pulling into port and lady-luck telling me there is no comeback in a ""25% chance of success"" situation which caused me to fail at progressing in any story at all, but perhaps when I learn more about how the game works I will be able to trick it into letting me continue.Reading the road-map I think this game has a lot of potential to become a great sailing game, maybe up there with sid meiers pirates."
76561198008176162,Recommended,304650,11040411,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,GySgt. B. Armstrong [1st MRB],"Sailing an ocean of darkness with only your headlight and the odd lighthouse or bouy to light the way between islands, you'll always be wondering what lies in the uncharted regions of your map, just waiting to be filled. What new ports o'call await in the darkness? What new horrors sleep or lurk beneath the waves? Do you have enough supplies and fuel to make it to your destinations and make it back to Fallen London alive? Or will you have to take drastic measures in order to stay alive and keep your sanity?So far, Sunless Sea is a great game for a late beta with a lot more still to be finished up in terms of stories and missions, but still a great game so far. Highly reccommended to any fans of FTL, any old-school RPG table-top games (since this game plays sort of like them), or even just fans of HP Lovecraft's works(I swear there is a Cthulu reference in an unmarked spot in game) or Steampunk. The game can be quite difficult if you don't know what you're doing, but the basics are fairly easy to grasp, and deaths at the start don't have that big of consequences, arguably. Cannot wait to see what else they add to this game."
,Recommended,304650,11346207,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,stonedwizard420,"A pinch of Cthulhu, a dash of open world FTL, and a heavy smattering of aesthetic make this game a must play. The use of light in combat as well as while traveling to both find enemies and hide from them is entertaining and leads to some nail biting escapes from certain doom. If this game has anywhere to go from the Early Access release, it's up. Happy trails!"
76561198011882010,Not Recommended,304650,30041016,Posted: 19 February,all,Concaco,"I really like Lovecraft's work and this game bored me to tears not with its stale and terribly paced gameplay (it's basically a grind sim) or a ridiculously disfunctional UI (that log book and a journal, better grab a piece of paper and a pen), but with its spineless and hectically try-hard writing. So many gimmicks and so much hype, so little substance. This game is pretty much everything I thought (based on positive reviews and ads) it would not be. Too bad, since I had this title on my ""maybe"" radar for months now. But 20 minutes long travels to random islands to deliver some random♥♥♥♥♥♥only to get a laughable reward I could get 10 times faster via killing a crab right next to the starting area is not worth my time.The 2D art and some tracks are pretty nice, though."
76561197992190748,Not Recommended,304650,30030139,Posted: 19 February,all,Zechnophobe,"It's a very unique setting, and the game has a nice aesthetic to it. If you've seen trailers, you might be captivated by the somber visual tone, and imagine yourself on a similar set of ever increasingly difficult quests. In reality, however, the adventuring you do is surprisingly mundane. Far too many well written scripts bookend a tedious traversal of open water. You'll make loops along convoy routes over and over just to get the funds to do something a bit more grand later on.The game dumps text on you at every turn, and after a bit you feel it's trying to replace gameplay with prose, and it becomes stagnant. I'd steer clear of this one, though I do hope the studio continues their work, and ends up with a creation a little more palatable in the future. It's a good start!"
,Recommended,304650,30029288,Posted: 19 February,all,Bubbly Chocolate,"Great game, great writing. I love it.OMG a game that actually makes you use your brain and remember things! Kill it with fire! Toss it back into the Zee!"
76561197987039141,Recommended,304650,14372392,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,tyrelie,"A little FTL  a-la steampunk. A dash of generation building. A procedurally generated world to explore. Trade, hunt monsters, pirate, smuggle, build a family, this game has a dash of everything in a tidy sub 300mb masterpiece."
,Recommended,304650,14592641,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,miniprof,"Enormously fun. The game relies on a blend of graphics and text that works surprisingly well, and the crafting of each element is clearly given full attention. The graphics are beautiful and perfectly suit the atmosphere constructed by the enormously clever, darkly funny prose. The music is outstanding.And of course, due to the constant updating of stories and content, the replay value is unstoppable. Sixteen characters in, I'm still not bored."
76561198005500636,Recommended,304650,11025473,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,widd3rmal,"We saw each other across the room. Me, a young lover of lovecraftian Stories, it a wonderful game that wouldn't let me go for hours. I played with it until I couldn't play no more. And now, well rested I'm ready for round 2.Sunless Sea, my dear! Our relationship can only get better! Never let me go!"
,Recommended,304650,19893344,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Minidal,"Truly a unique gem, Sunless Sea is a game like no other.Its setting is deceptively calm and serene, hiding a truly brutal and fantastic universe of stories that will have you coming back to discover all there is to know in the Neath. Even if it means dying a few times.While the naval combat is basic and quite easily exploited, the game really isn't about that. It's about exploring a well-developed, living world that will be shaped by your decisions. Rob Pigmote of its scintilliack? You're locked out for good. Side with the Anarchists? The Admiral goes into hiding. These are fairly tame compared to what awaits you further East.The mechanics support this main theme. You level your stats with Secrets which are made by accumulating Fragments, which you gain every time you discover a new island or landmark. Various interactions also provide Secrets, but nothing replaces the rewards reaped from fully exploring the Sunless Sea.While it does have a slow start, this is deliberate and creates an impressively immersive experience. The soundtrack is great, and the art captures the mystery and dread the devs want you to feel. Some reviews point to how it eventually becomes a grind, but that has far more to do with the player than the game. In near 50 hours of gameplay and with all legacy items unlocked, I have yet to run a single grind.Regular updates mean I've returned multiple times and enjoyed the game once again. The recent Christmastide storyline was a lot of fun. And with the Zubmariner expansion around the bend, they're will be a lot more to explore (AN ENTIRE OTHER SEA!)RECAPThe writing, art, music, and general atmosphere are great. The game rewards you for exploring and seeking out opportunities. While it has a fairly slow start, it is nonetheless very enjoyable as each island presents something distinct and new."
,Not Recommended,304650,29977960,Posted: 16 February,all,WaRxXxPiG,"This game has some pluses but ultimately just isnt for me.  The combat feels desultory and the mechanics are designed around constant trial and error. Im up for a challenge but it needs to be at least fun enough to carry it from one challenge to the next. After a couple hours I died/restarted multiple times.  Im sure theres some trick to playing this (get gud nub) but I dont like to look up guides and I didnt feel enough reward was provided to nudge me forward.  Shame really...I do see why people love playing it.  The atmosphere and world building are top notch.  It has a very Lovecraft feel that seeps out of every creaky board.  Thats what initially drew me to the game to begin with.  Unfortunately, I just couldnt get in to the gameplay."
,Recommended,304650,15316697,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Grave Thief,"Battle sea monsters, smuggle souls, sacrifice everything to survive.Sunless Sea is a dark, enchanting game with oodles of content and a steep learning curve. The writing is fantastic and the world itself is large and full of mysteries. The amount of work and creativity that has gone into this game is amazing.If you want a taste of what this game offers, try the free browser game set in the same world - Fallen London. If you enjoy that, buying Sunless Sea is well worth it."
76561197993189274,Not Recommended,304650,14845914,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Jack Ketch,"I've tried hard to enjoy Sunless Sea, but I cannot recommend it.THE PROBLEMSIf you're considering buying the game please read the forum postings by people who paid their money and (like me) have been continually frustrated with the game.To summarize: It's very slow going and grindy. You will die early and often, and be forced to repeat the early game again and again. Neither combat nor trading are open to the early game. Allegedly there's a lot of narrative depth that shows up in the mid-to-late game, but as far as I can tell, they've done a great job hiding it.Even the developer agrees that these are the core problems in the game:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorSunless Sea has the punishing early difficulty, permadeath, and some of the randomness of a roguelike. It has the rich story, predictable early-game, slow pace, and flat late-game difficulty arc of a CRPG. We even have a default roguelike permadeath save system and an optional more CRPG-like save system.This is the source of very nearly everything that’s wrong with the game. It’s left us with an uneven difficulty curve.Here's a link to the postmortem discussion with the developer at Gamasutra, worth reading if you're on the fence:Gamasutra Postmortem of Sunless SeaTHE COMMUNITY#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorSS early game needs to be made easier and more accessible, or all you'll be left with is an echo chamber of veterans who know all the little tricks and -don't spot the issues with the early game because they know how to get around them-.Usually with indie games one can count on a vibrant community of players who are eager to help others enjoy the game. This isn't the case with Sunless Sea. Here you've got a small yet vocal group of Kickstarter / Greenlight / Early Access players with chips on their shoulders, who seem rather upset that others may not love the game in which they are so invested.When new players ask for starting advice these are typical responses:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThere is nothing wrong with the game. This is a case of you being bad.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authorpoor kids... use your head. try and fail, try again, try something different. dont stop trying. cause its not this game thats a fail. its you...Sadly, the community has also influenced the game in negative ways. Again from the developer's postmortem:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThe most vociferous and enthusiastic forum regulars were veterans who rarely saw or cared about the early-game experience… and so the early-game experience stayed rawer and grindier than it should have been.Guess what? When the developer refers to his own game as ""grindy"", it's pretty darn grindy.And not very fun."
,Recommended,304650,11045792,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,theRoachCoach,"Go insane, eat your crew, adopt a stray cat10/10 would die again"
76561198056803399,Recommended,304650,14361741,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JerrBear,"It's lovecraftian Eurotruck Simulator, with combat. I love it."
,Recommended,304650,15406942,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Obvious,...WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
,Not Recommended,304650,25254539,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Just Playing,"while the world is interesting, the visuals are enticing and the premisce wonderful the game is an endless grinding slog where it takes literal hours to do anything for really no reason aside dragging out the game to several times its actual legenth via padding.  there's about 5 hours of content and it'll take you 30 to see it."
76561197993688828,Not Recommended,304650,26012561,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Wolfric,"I had heard such good things! Friends recommended it, Total Biscuits ""WTF is..."" sold it really well, so when I saw it on sale, I thought I would snatch it up!Unfortunately, even for 1/3 of the usual price, I don't believe it is worth the money. I truly tried to give the game the benefit of the doubt, but after 3 hours I just felt frustrated.The games tutorial (as well as several player written guides) tell you that the main source of income in the early game is exploration - ""Dock at ports, gather information and return to the Port Authority in Fallen London"". I would...if I could find anywhere to bloody well dock! The sea (or Zee) around London's ""Home Waters"" is static in every playthrough, the same ports in the same locations, but a little way out from that starting location, everything exists in a state of flux, changing every time. I found that with my limited starting fuel, supplies and Echoes (cash), I was only able to find 2 or 3 ports, which after cashing in for rewards back in London, only gave an additional 1 fuel and a pitiful amount of cash. I had blown all my cash, all my fuel, all my supplies to explore as best I could only to end up broke, starving and stranded in the middle of nowhere.Same result on each incarnation of my captain after ""death"".Maybe I just missed some fundemental element that would have opened the world to me, but personally, I just don't think it's worth the time."
76561198030459737,Not Recommended,304650,27297236,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Black Aliss,"Fantastic setting, strangely reminiscent of Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere. However, the gameplay and the pace of storytelling leaves much to be desired. I'd recommend the game if only to experience the atmosphere, but it feels like it was squandered on such bland gameplay. This setting needs a more traditional RPG with a proper story."
,Recommended,304650,20967401,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Aasha,"This game can easily bring out the adventurer in a player. It reminded me of ""Sid Meir's Pirates"" in concept (overhead naval-based adventure) but had a dark theme and much more fleshed out story.It is unforgiving. You'll play for days -real life days that is- as a character and slip up somewhere which leaves you perminently dead and several days of lost progress. Having to redoevery single questand work your way frombarelymore than nothing. Even having to re-explore the map because the islands have rearranged themselves - which wouldn't be an issue but exploring is dangerous when you have limited fuel. My first captain lost his fuel and required a lift back to london. It was fairly impossible to come back form that since you lose your ship and all money and are given a literal floating bathtub with too little of a hold to even contain the fuel to go out - much less raid ships or play merchant.That's not even counting the more dangerous and interesting threats in the game. Just about everything in the game that moves wants to kill you. And no matter how fast you are they're faster. No matter how hard you hit they hit harder. And most of all: death is final for you.When you run low on crew the game feels as though it can physically grab time itself and crush it like tin foil. The game will suck your very soul out through your impatience with the time the voyage takes. To put this into perspective this is a game that will require you to survive and play for multiple real life days to complete even if you can move at full steam the whole time. If your crew reserves are low teh speed is halved. Cut the speed in half and you're dying inside to just make it to some town that you can gather crew from. I even invested in the second-best engines I could find in London and I swear despite the heavy cost I saw no differenceat allcompared to the starting engines. Patience is arequirementfor this game.If I'm honest I'm not sure if I recommend playing this game or recommend avoiding this game. It's addictive which works both ways. the steepness of the game feels like a gimmick to trick you into playing over and over - I've never even managed to reach a point where I could upgrade my ship yet (I've upgraded guns and engines, but not actual ships).I'd give this game a 4/10. It's not a bad game and I'll probably play more of it. but it's a game thatdrags on. It's more addictive than it is fun. If I could I'd leave this game a nuetral review. I'd sooner give it a green than a red though."
,Recommended,304650,16652143,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,THE GAY AGENDA,"If you belong to the subset of gamers who enjoy rogue-lites in the vein of FTL AND delightfully written text adventures, this game is exactly for you."
76561198024973383,Recommended,304650,21250953,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Doctor Pig,A slow burn... with benefits.
,Recommended,304650,14355291,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,B L O O D,"Relatable, evocative, beautiful, buy it imo. They keep calling Storm ""he"" which is ♥♥♥♥ed up but the game is still really good + important."
,Recommended,304650,16711273,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,zephrim,"What is Sunless Sea? Well the short answer would be, its a good damn game. But that would be selling it short. It IS a good damn game, but it is so much more than that. It is an adventure, an experience, a story unlike any other.It is not a game in which your going to jump across platforms, nor is it one in which your going to run around punching trees and building crappy little shacks. Its more like a steam punk/ victorian version of FTL, though I find it more forgiving than that game, but more on that in a moment.You play as a captain of a ship that sails the Underzea. What is the Underzea you ask? Well I'm not an expert on the lore or anything. If your interested I suggest you look up Fallen London. But the concept is that a group of mysterious individuals called the Masters, have been paying to have certain special cities moved deep down under the earth to the Underzea. A massive black sea under the world. London is the 5th such city to be ""purchased"" and moved below. You are a resident of that city, now called Fallen london. As a Zea captain it is your job to chart the Underzea, seek out far off ports, and maybe get wealthy or famous in the process. But your end goal is really up to you.yeah thats what i said, you decide what it is your wanting out of life, not some game designer you have never met. Maybe you want to go forth and seek wealth and a big mansion, or perhaps you would rather write an epic poem about your adventures? Whatever you want.But what if you die? That is what I really love about this game. Its not a story about one little Zea captain. No, the Zea is far too big for such ego. When you die the game continues/restarts. Parts reset, such as the world map, quests and stories, but not everything. When you die you get to choose a legacy. This is someone who will be carrying on now that your former character has passed. This person will recieve something from your first character, exactly what depends on your choices, but it could be a rival, it could be your child, it all depends on you.So yes I strongly advise anyone to get this game if they enjoy strong stories, dark gothic or steampunk artwork, and if they don't mind reading. There is a lot of reading to be done when playing this. Oh and the soundtrack is really good as well, and doesn't get grating or overly repetitive. Buy this, play this, and get lost in the world of Fallen London and the awe inspiring Underzea."
,Recommended,304650,26146715,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Llyagushen,"An hybrid of IF and privateer genres.You sail to various ports trying not to die, in top down, reminiscent slightly of my beloved Vangers. There you can interact with the text stories (quests), the larger of which spanning multiple locations. The stories are tied to the zeefaring side of the game by somewhat convoluted system of resources represented by little cards. UI was influenced by Fallen London (the previous, browser, game by the devs) as much as IF part of the game; you might want to try it also, to get the taste of the IF stories style, as it's free.What makes this game stand out is the setting, of course. And the style of all the text quests. It's really very well done. The whole plot, as disjointed as it might appear to me after playing through maybe a half of a single complete run, is like a weird dream. The dreams do seem to be a frequent theme in the game as well. It's all one big weird tale. The setting's as dark as underground victorian London on the shore of a giant cave ocean full of demons, madmen, and other extraordinary stuff, can be.Again, look at Fallen London to see if you like the writing style. The whole dark art also adds to the feeling of despair of the inhabitants of this strange underworld (some in-game illustrations for stories could use a bit of work though).The most dangerous things for a captain in this world are not the beasts of the zee or dreaded pirates (there really aren't any as in, say, Pirates!), but resources, or rather the scarcity of them. There is fuel, food and also sanity, which just diminishes while you swim. Running out of any of them may mean death, but there are quite a few safety nets to prevent you from perishing too early. So if you play it smart and cautious, it's rather OK, but that means you sometimes have to return home before even getting where you wanted to go. The resource system makes you plan, which is also a part of your role as a captain of the vessel, right?It's not all that obvious how to make money as well. There are very grindy ways to get income, but I haven't resorted to them yet (and the developers even outright tell you not to grind by trading the common resources). So all of that really does make you feel on the edge of that nasty permadeath. And you can even die from choices in the text quests!  You can continue your legacy if you work on it, with a new character getting some stuff from the recently deceased, but all the stories will be reset.Monsters and other ships are very rare, and don't seem like much of a threat. They either get helplessly rekted by your guns or you run away.The map is not too small, but not too big either. As fuel and supplies become less of a concern and you get new engines with more speed, the map size starts to seem smaller and smaller.The NPC population density is relatively low. You can sometimes swim for a few minutes, and there would be nothing but the dark waters and the dim lights of your ship. It's quite atmospheric, when it's not boring. Also music is silent most of the time for some reason. Maybe the developers tried to make it more atmospheric that way - lonely dark zee, little ship in the middle of vast void. But that music would really sooth my zailors on their long boring trips with nothing to shoot at (or flee from, if you started the game less than two hours ago).But when music does sound it's quite good and adds to the sombre surroundings. I liked it, but I can't say I was impressed.While I already played for more than 20 hours on two separate runs (my first save got corrupted after BSOD, so I had to start a new game without any ""previous character legacy"" options), I don't think replayability is strong with this one. Early game seems tedious, and you just really have to force yourself to restart. But maybe I'm wrong. I still haven't finished a single run after all.The developers seem to update the game regularly with fixes and new text quests and other things and there is also a fresh DLC. Looks like they really want to support the game."
76561198089514073,Recommended,304650,27386612,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shades,"Part RPG adventure, part sandbox, and part survival game, Sunless Sea is both challenging to get into and fun to play.What I like:* The ability to create my own character. I consider this a must for any game wishing to be taken seriously as an RPG.* There is plenty of excellent ambiance created by a combination of wonderful music, appropriately dark visuals, and intelligent writing.* The game does not pull its punches. If I don't manage your resources with a mind toward how I will make it back home, I usually won't make it back home. Not without a lot of luck, anyway.* The game makes me think. It asks me to make some fairly uncomfortable choices, and it makes me care about those choices.* There is definitely quite a bit of replayability here. Which is good, because if you play anything like the way I do, you'll be dying a lot in the beginning while you figure things out.What I don't like:* I was disappointed with the grind involved in leaving any meaningful legacy to my next of kin.* Said grinding encourages the use of metagaming via abuse of certain of the game's mechanisms. I don't have to do this, but the conventional wisdom out on the 'net certainly recommends it. Seems to me this would be a game design flaw.* There are so many things in the game which are so poorly explained that consulting the wiki at times is almost a necessity for those of us wish to complete the game. Many journal entries could and should be improved to provide clearer and more consistent information. I love a good mystery as much as anyone else, but being obtuse simply for the sake of being obtuse is not clever. It's annoying.* Combat is sometimes also annoying. I have despised cooldowns on every RPG I've seen using them so far. This one is no exception.I recommend buying the game if you enjoy exploring, experimenting, reading, and discovering things at your own pace. If you want a game that is combat/action oriented, you're likely to be disappointed with this one and should consider buying it only on sale.Whatever you decide, I wish you happy gaming!"
76561198086477072,Recommended,304650,27126295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,StarPredator25,A beautiful example of pacing and storytelling
76561198004025374,Recommended,304650,14245851,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Safety First,Great Game.Nightmarish Horror and Cunning Intrigue packed into a text based adventure with some eye candy.
,Recommended,304650,11189138,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,"Sid Meier's ""Pirates"" set in a Cthulhu-by-gaslight inspired subterranean setting? Sign me up. First off, be warned, this game is incredibly difficult from the start. You’re going to die, a lot, but after every death you can choose one aspect (the map, a crewmember, or a skill) to pass on to your next zee captain. So death is not the end here, it’s actually part of the progression; I feel like a lot of people who gave this game a negative review didn’t get that.Even in its early access stage, this game is really fun. I’ve been having a blast exploring the zee, and I heavily recommend this game to anyone who likes sandbox, choose-your-own-adventure, or pen and paper RPGs (especially Call of Cthulhu). Great game, I can’t wait to see what comes next. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m back off to zee."
,Recommended,304650,12789014,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tallen Atear,"Sunless Sea is a good Adventure Game, it's a bit hard to describe and best experenced. For sure with the money"
,Recommended,304650,16885844,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Wungus Bringleton,"Sunless Sea is probably the most immersive game I've ever played. It sucks you in with its rich, dark lore and unsettling tone, and doesn't let go until you pry yourself away because you've been here for god knows how long and oh♥♥♥♥♥♥you haven't fed your dog since like three days ago oh god oh god what have you done"
,Recommended,304650,26852425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lukhje,Alot of story to dive in to if your up for it capt'n and alot of things that want you dead too capt'n
76561198042289187,Recommended,304650,20253069,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kjarvalur,I G O T L O S T A T S E AH E L P M E
76561198165863888,Recommended,304650,22151574,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,doze49 (team Objective),heres my two cents on the game. First off i love good stories and good lore so on those two things this game rocks. I also love how the game rewards exploration and the more you explore the better off you get. okaay now this might cause some hate but i think the combat fits the game really well. your just one captin versus giant monsters exploring the vastness of a hostile world. that being said maby the starting area monsters should have been a little less punishing. also im a horrible gamer and it took me forever to reach gators mourn so take this review with a pinch or maby a tablespoon of salt.  also even though i only have 10 hours in game time ive reached as far south as iron republic and as far west to the rat/guine pig island.  so i feel i have a good understanding of the game mechanics. also a tip hot keys are really efficent and can save your life in this game like i have 400 plus hours on eu4 and i dont use hotkeys there so im just sayin there a little helpful here so have fun on the unterr zee.
,Recommended,304650,22135837,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Impala,"Though the gameplay takes a while to get to grips with, (Massively less time if you've played the previous title Fallen London) Sunless Sea is a Beautiful game with a heavy focus on narrative while still very much being a survival game. Plenty of times I've found myself cruising with little coal left, hoping for a dock with a merciful price on coal before realising that I don't have enough food to go on, and that I may need to lose a crew member for the sakes of my ship.Now although it isn't triple A graphics they are beautifully done despite this and the general atmosphere of the game constructed without any of the games text already fills you with a sense of foreboding, of being a Very small fish in a much larger pond than you should rationally be in.The Narrative of the game is wonderfully written, and is a fully immersive experience, placing you as the captain of a Ship in the underwater ocean of the Fallen London universe.Your motives for taking the ship out, as well as what you plan to do with it once you disembark is entirely your own to decide, and you will make this decision a few times as your first captain will Die. And likely the next few. While it isn't cruel Sunless Sea is difficult, and makes you work hard to keep sailing, and unlike with other similar sailing games (Assassins creed 4 is the first that comes to mind) You cannot possibly sustain yourself at sea, even if you did decide to go full pirate, (No easy feat in this game) and so you're forced to interact with the various ports, engaging you with various plot lines unique to each isle. You often find yourself making the decision to help the other isles, to deal with the larger picture of the games political scene or stick to you and your own, keeping the ship afloat while you persue your own goals.Whatever you choose you find yourself with a long journey fraught with hardships. And I wholey reccomend anyone with a love of roguelikes, or any fans of H.P Lovecraft's literary works to buy this game.TL:DR Sold my Daughter, Ate my crew, got killed by a living iceberg.10/10 Would go batshit crazy again"
,Recommended,304650,27613364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Not Todd Howard,Best early access game I ever bought
,Recommended,304650,23847621,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hi Fish,"I started playing Sunless Sea after playing a fair bit of Fallen London(a browser based game set in the same world), so many of the oddities of Sunless Sea were familiar to me(the heavy emphasis on story, the need to gather items for certain plot gates, etc). If you like the story or setting in one, I highly recommend playing the other for new insights into the lore.With that out of the way: The writing in this game is stellar. It trends towards weirdness, sly comedy, and horror, but you usually don't feel like you're being beaten over the head with it.The non-story gameplay feels tacked on, to put it nicely. Exploring the map and discovering new ports is fun, but your ship is slow(even after some improvements). Once you're at the point where you're mainly going through known waters, you'll be dying for a fast forward button. Managing fuel and supplies vs the rest of your cargo is okay at first, but gets tiresome as you venture further and further out to zee. Combat is awkward, and tends to be more trouble than it's worth unless you're after something specific.There's no system to bookmark story options you're working towards(like Fallen London's Plan system), and the objectives section of your gazeteer often lacks helpful information(like directions) given at the time a quest was. I recommend making a text file for notes about what you're doing, where to go, and what you need.The music is very atmospheric, and I love the art style. No complaints on either front.The game does have some bugs in it - for instance, I had an event that was clearly intended to damage my hull, but completely restored my hull instead. I haven't seen any gamebreaking bugs, though.tl;dr: If you love story-heavy games, try Sunless Sea. If you just want non-story gameplay, give this a pass. Think of it as a great CYOA game with a mediocre sailing/sea combat simulator stapled to it."
76561198013248665,Recommended,304650,24923787,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,inlaid.roses,"For a specialized audience, of which I am an avid member.As a sister-game of Fallen London (aka Echo Bazaar), Sunless Sea is very text-heavy, which I realize is not for everyone. If you're willing to approach it, though, some of the prose is really quite enchanting, charming, haunting, and you will gladly read it in pursuit of the secrets of the beautiful and dangerous Unterzee. One part Lovecraft, two parts Steampunk, a hearty dash of Dark Fantasy. I have sometimes gotten chills.There are a few gameplay kinks that should be sorted out, such as the targeting system which does not allow for combat with more than one enemy. However, the world-building and general aesthetic are genius. The game also cunningly allows you to link your Fallen London account to unlock stories between the games. Thus far I have only gotten one new story, but I look forward to more interactivity."
76561197980213624,Recommended,304650,21287710,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,easystar,"Mores stories expanding the Fallen London universe, wrapped in a nice roguelike"
,Recommended,304650,24099983,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nevets E Sekyd,"Sunless Sea is a fantastic rogue like. I had serious reservations about this game when a friend insisted I try it on their system. Fast forward an hour and I was hooked. The writting is a bit on the cheesy side but actually tends to lend itself well to the overall feel of the game. The map randomizes just enough between plays to keep you on your toes, but not so much that the knowledge you gain from previous captains becomes useless. The combat mechanic is very fun, albeit a bit on the simple side.Overall a fantastic purchase that I'm still enjoying a year after my first playthrough!"
76561198044177075,Recommended,304650,22011789,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,the_assassin,"Reached Khan's Heart, with half crew, almost no fuel and 90% horror.  Only enough money for 1 fuel OR one zailor.  (Chose fuel).Lost crew at Port Cecil, and had to limp back to London at half speed.Reached Badstevener's Abyss.Died of horror within sight of London."
76561197972660641,Recommended,304650,30003607,Posted: 18 February,all,skyppi,"Maybe not for everyone, but definitely a great game.One advice : don't grind, explore."
76561198101992705,Recommended,304650,14130756,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Bahrman74,"""LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW. DIE."" Yeah, that covers it pretty well. This game is no Sunday picnic being the point. It is incredibly fun if your into tough games where a wrong choice can end it all. For good.  It also has a merciful mode for those with less fortitude(or masochism) so permadeath is optional. Either way tho death is not entirely bad are there are several ways a new Captain can benifit from the works of his predecessors. While you do spend most of your time sailing the underzea the meat of the game is in the stories. If you're into games where you replay them to see different endings, well this game has a ton of that. The developers of this game are usually right on top of bug fixes and the rate they churn out new content is some of the best I've seen in an early access game."
,Recommended,304650,14415552,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DarkMellie,"Short on time so I'll be brief. You've not played anything like this and it is a wonder to behold.Check out some vids, buy the game. Trust me ;)"
,Recommended,304650,12041386,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,tjoffisnuffe,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. Watch out for staying out at sea for too long. You're just minding your own business, looking for more islands to explore, when suddenly your crew starts a mutiny. Even if you live through that, the rest of your crew will be taken by a tentacle monster and you will be drowned by drownies so close to London that you see the lights in the distance. Or a tentacle crab will brutally murder you and your ship."
,Recommended,304650,16457567,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lpzie,"A _slow_ roguelike in a boat on a dark ocean a mile underground inhabited by strange peoples with strange cultures set in a Lovecraftian-esque universe.I met a nice lady, we had a good time, and I promised myself to her. Then I went to sea for a month, returned, and we meet up again. I embark once more, and before Fallen London was out of sight I'm told she birthed me a son. What? Yeah, Ok. Makes sense, you two-timing strumpet."
76561197975771017,Recommended,304650,11442796,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hurley,Shows promise. Should be interesting depending on what direction the devo takes.
76561198043604131,Recommended,304650,11080698,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Woody,"If you like a game that makes you stick with your decissions and not just reload, focused on exploring and story(ies), you can die easily if not careful, you need to plan routes to maximize profit, making money is not easy, and not focused on combat you may like this game.I had trouble at first managing terror and making money but learned to plan my routes more carefully.You will die in this game.  Combat is simple but you need to play your strengths against tougher enemies to survive.  There are enemies that can kill you in one shot but if you can evade at the right times and whitle them down you can win.Upgrading is not quick it took me about 4 hours to upgrade my gun, add another gun, and upgrade my engine.I have transported black market souls, gave my soul to a devil, asked same devil to marry me,  have nightmares about the things I have seen, have thrown a sailer overboard to a life-berg to save my ship, have a sweetheart in Fallen London whose locket I carry, and more.This game is enjoyable and playable right now and I am looking forward to the content to come.Edit:  After some more time playing the game can become a bit of a grind once you have played for awhile.  I still recommend it and enjoy the game and will reserve my final judgement once the devs have completed the game."
,Recommended,304650,23650058,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ben,"Addictive, enthralling and a fantastic way to realise you've suddenly lost about 5 hours of your day"
76561198030949826,Recommended,304650,15973578,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Technomancer,"Acquired a taste for human flesh, Sold my soul to a sexy Deviless-traitor to Hell, Got cursed by an angry zee God who killed my wife and son, then I helped talking Rats win a war against talking Ginea Pigs.Finally died at sea during a mutiny where my rival took my deck gun before scuttling my ship.13/10Would go mad again.You pretty much know what you are going to get from the trailers. If the game looks like it might be interesting to you, then it most certainly will be. It really comes down to writing your own story over an subtle but haunting soundtrack. I dont know why, but i had so much fun with this game; always wanting to see what would happen next, or push my crew and self a little farther.."
,Recommended,304650,17289402,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,221Believer,"In the darkness of the lawless Neath, across the strange tides of the Unterzee, you will sail. You will discover monsters, unfriendly gods, lethal artifacts, and Tales of Terror!. You will die. You will (probably) eat your crew. You will lose your mind and your beloved and your officers and maybe even your child. You will founder alone in the dark where the Eye watches you, and you will be plagued by nightmares and hunger and shadow. Horrible things will happen to you.But you will keep returning to the Zee. And why? Because those same strange tides will take you to wondrous and marvelous places, will show you truths beyond most humans' ken, will call to your Salt-touched blood like a magnet leading you ever on. Because there is treasure to be found in the Unterzee, far beyond a measly cargo of Echoes.  Because the ever-changing world will always contain a new story to be found.This is a very reading-intensive game. If you don't like to read, it isn't for you--text is the primary draw of this game, and it works. As alluring as the song of the Drownies, I'll aver. There are so many delicious words and phrases in this game; it is a masterwork of the English language and of storytelling. The lore is deep and immersive.Gameplay-wise is where it will probably disappoint most (unless you're a fool and have ignored LITERALLY EVERYTHING SAYING IT'S TEXT INTENSIVE). You are very limited at first, and it can be frustrating. However, this means that the atmosphere of fear and desperation--and therefore of relief when London comes into view, of satisfaction on surviving to dock at farther and farther points, of triumph when you cross the world to see your Ambition made real--aren't thwarted by easy-mode. You will fear beasts of the zee, because they are very likely to kill you before you're outfitted for real combat and you've understood combat mechanics very well. Death is something to be embraced, though, rather than feared--a new beginning, and a chance to put what you learnt before to good use before Rubicon-choices that can't be redone lock in the new world your new captain sets out in.Guides are helpful and, if used sparingly, don't ruin the experience. If you love story, if you love words, if you love to feel a game more deeply than you ever have before--Sunless Sea's dark waters are where you belong. Hearken to the Neath's call, and remember, a little cannibalism goes a long way."
,Recommended,304650,14525660,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Minty Python,"Incredibly immersive and fantastically absurd, this is a wonderfully written and diverse piece of interactive literature.Your life can range from a heroic explorer of the world who serves London and civilization while writing romantic novels about your adventures in your free time.Or you can be a swashbuckling wealthmonger who who enslaves guinea pigs for fun and manically cackles over the piles of money stained with the blood of whoever.OR you can become a holy vessel of the divine forces that be and drive a bloody crusade through the world, while making sure to get back to Volcano Island in time to have tea and a lovely chat with Grandma Satan.Overall goals vary wildly.  The game gives you a selection of vague criteria to end it but the best idea is to set your own personal goals.  Build your own character and instead of min maxing, think to yourself ""Would my character sell a crewmate and dear friend to cannibals just to churn out a profit?  Absolutely!""Overall it's an enriching and captivating experience for those who like to read and forge their own story."
76561198092479658,Recommended,304650,15395151,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,charles_d_berger,"So many wonderful things happen in this game. Got cursed by a sea god, and found my wife and child dead upon returning to port. Jeez, high stakes here. Chased by a living iceberg, fled to a narrow fjord that the iceberg couldn't enter, and spent days chipping away at it with the deck gun until it finally keeled over. Spent dozens of hours on an epic quest to discover my father's bones, long lost at sea, only to discover he wasn't fully human! Fought an ill-considered battle against some behemoth of the deep, which wrecked my boat and killed most of my crew. The journey back to London was a nail-biting epic - fleeing from other mosters at reduced speed, creeping around in the dark, desperately charting course for a temporary haven to buy more fuel and supplies... when I finally made it it felt like a real accomplishment.The narratives and atmospherics of this game are just amazing. I am lost to sunless sea...which is not to say it can't be improved! Some of the story lines seem to peter out early, without a satisfying end to what had been a tantalizing opening. Sea combat can feel a bit routine after a while. And the world could be a bit more dynamic, in terms of things changing in reponse to the player's actions. A better interface for making notes and tracking missions would be good - as it stands now, I have to keep a pad of paper next to me to jot things down, remember what's where, and what I was up to last time I played. And a broader selection of useful boats would be nice, together with maybe a warehouse in town.But these are all minor concerns. This game is already a masterpiece, and will become more so as more stories are added to the already rich mix of captivating strangeness."
,Recommended,304650,20895020,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Fat Shibe UwU,"In the short time that I played this game online and the very long time I played this game offline... I often found myself exploring more than I should've and enjoying most of the lore. It got to the point where I sold the advice book it gives you and turned off the tutorials, which is when I first died when the game responded ""Alright then nerd."" I really enjoyed this game's isolated feeling, emersive lore at its finest. I reccomend this game to all of the adventurers who have been waiting for a game just like this. Welcome home."
,Recommended,304650,20904905,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,subliminalart,"This is a really awesome game, it's hard but it's addicting. I wish there was some actual scenes in the towns like a MMORPG. But it's one of the best games on Steam, and I can't wait for what they do next."
,Recommended,304650,20917899,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Legwen,"Sunless Sea is interesting, Almost artistic. Challenging,... and a little different from most games that come out now a days. A game that punishes you when you lose, but then gives you a bandaid to make you feel better. Dying is part of this game.My only problems with this game are the slow pace of the game, and the ammount of reading in the game. If you can get passed those 2 problems then you'll love this natical based, survival game, RPG. As im posting this im still attempting to beat this game for the first time, I'm currently in a campaign that is looking real good to get to that end. But... We'll see.I do highly recommend you try to read as much of the stories as you can, as they do tend to be well written. I also suggest you DO NOT look up things on the wiki, after about 5 deaths (one being ridiculous) i googled some stuff, and realized just how scripted or random things are.... which kills it (it being the mysteriousness of the game) a little bit,... but I'm playing this game more for the survival challenge than the DND RPG dice rolls.Anyway, As i said, i do recommend this game if its on sale. As i said, if you can get passed the slowness of the game and reading a lot. You'll love this game. Its a little out of my normal element thats for sure.8.5/10"
,Recommended,304650,20908331,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"tl;dr yes but on sale cuz grindSunless Sea has a beautiful gothic style and setting not often seen in games today. It's one that begs to be explored, and is the primary impetus of the game. Unfortunately, you can only do so very slowly, and if you die, you're going to start almost from nothing. You need a lot of money to explore the world, but the game right out says that the most obvious method of making money (running goods to ports) isn't profitable. You instead need to sell information, or ship unusual cargo, things that can only be found by exploring.The story is the game's primary draw. Deep and dark, there's a fantastic amount of material. I almost feel it would be better told as an old school text based RPG (with art, this game's art is amazing). Do away with the resource management, and you could really plunge into the game's lore; this could very easily have been a game the people obsess over. But 75% of the game is money running, which is a realy tragedy.That all said, do buy the game if you like a good story. One upside of the slow pace: it's a very peaceful game. Don't have many of those in my library, and it's nice to play something quiet every once in a while."
76561198060516080,Recommended,304650,20889011,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Julius Seizure,"This game is a lot of fun AFTER you learn the basic mechanics and controls of it. It is not the kind of game you can just hop in and know everything, it takes time. However you will find that once you get a grip on the basics this game is very rewarding. The graphics are beautiful and combat is polishedI can say that I will be playing this game for a long time now.9/10"
,Recommended,304650,20876912,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,el gato,"It is difficut to describe this game.One:  I agree with the previous poster.  Grinding is absolutely the worst way to play this game.  It is the opposite and perfect antidote for games where you need to optimize your numbers to succeed.  There is something for you no matter what your stats are.  That said, the game doesn't really start until you've managed to buy a townhouse and make a will.  That will cost you around 1200 coins, and is the only way to gain any permanence.  However, grinding is STILL not the best way to make those 1200 coins.  The best way is to take missions, and let your curiosity guide you.  After that you want to make it a priority to get another 200 coins each generation to make another will.Two:  It's lovely.  It's hypnotic.  It invaded my dreams.  I've been trying it over the free weekend.  I played it for about ten hours, and I feel like I haven't even scratched the surface.  I am definitely buying it.Three:  Parts of it can get a little repetitive, due to the fact that all the islands reset when you die and a start a new captain.  Do I really need to go through the whole guinea pig vs. rat war again?  Why can't it restart at the point where the last captain left it?  Despite that, the previous poster is also correct when he says that if you go back to the same island, there can be different options which can lead to very interesting story indeed.Four:  There are a few bugs.  For example:  I lost one captain because he had to pick up a delivery for a criminal.  When he got to the place where the delivery was supposed to be, it wasn't there.  So when he finally returned to New London, they knifed him.8/10"
76561197999949994,Recommended,304650,15245512,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Action Bastard,This game is incredible. Oregon trail meets Lovecraft. Love it.
76561198076143234,Recommended,304650,20870672,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Wuffles,"Amazing game. I don't care who you are when you have a game that has this much actual gameplay mixed with a novel based game its amazing. Never played an indie game with this much effort and actual skill put into the writing. A little bit of it can be boring but everything outweighs it.Yeah your actual character doesn't have much story to them, but then again its awesome because of all the plot based around you that goes on. And that you have a choice in a bit of it. Ontop of that the way your character can get set up with your past and legacies and what you want your character to ultimately do, its okay to not have character story. (Reason being your first captains probably going to die, so having a new captain with the same personal character story just wouldn't make sense)All in all. I enjoyed this on the free weekend. Purchasing now :3"
,Recommended,304650,20837771,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,trias,"Buy this if:   You want to explore a fantastically disturbing Lovecraftian world that manages a sense of a humor and a sense of wonder throughout, in the context of resource management and brutal death always over the horizon.Explanation/Caveat:  Sunless sea sometimes gets sold as similar to FTL, or a rogue-like, but this isn't very accurate.  Permadeath is optional (and no shame in turning it off at all), first of all.  The randomization is minimal.  With full knowledge of the game, you should basically never die.  Ever.  The main draw of the game of learning about it.  Once you have, it loses much of its luster.  But it will take 30 plus hours, at the least, to get a good grasp of everything going on in the unterzee.  Unfortunately, getting more than one ending will take much longer than this, but at the least there are some branching quest lines that will keep going.  And even if you only achieve one objective...this game is still w focal point of the game is the story.  #2 is managing your resources to explore the unterzee.  #3 (and frankly a distant third) would be economic trading/combat.Pros:- Best writing I've read in a game since planescape torment.- Excellent music- Ridiculously oppressive atmosphere- Exploration is a good mix of enlightening and frightening- Rewarding to learn about the world you are thrust in.  Knowledge is greatly rewarded.Cons:- Combat is extremely simple and straightforward.- Slow as hell.- End game becomes a grind without the main draw of story driving the game- Future captains involve repetition of known elements of the game.  Not a problem for the first couple, but is another long term con.  This isn't a game you could play forever like FTL."
,Recommended,304650,12018888,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Pokemuffin,"My thoughts on Sunless Sea; ""Sunless Sea is gud game. Much setting. Very immerse. Lots stories here. Many exploring'Incoherant rambling aside, this is an excellant game, one of the best I've played in a long while. With its interesting setting, intriguing story, fun exploration, and overall immersion; this game proves to be well worth the price of admission. So buy it. Really. Its good."
,Recommended,304650,20429801,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,auguris,I got lost and ate my crew. I didn't make it.
,Recommended,304650,16945234,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Major Tom,>Crew of 6 tried to mutiny>33% chance success rate>Succeeded and killed 4 of them>profit10/10 would win drastic odds again
76561198056257106,Recommended,304650,21615572,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,leosunz,going mad was never so... interesting...
76561198004672284,Recommended,304650,27400923,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wise Taod,Crabs ate my crew and everything I ever loved.
,Recommended,304650,28242806,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Crispy,"It's an awesome, heavily text based survival-ish game, but none like something you'd know already! It's a true gem, if you got some imagination and develop your own story and adventure! But be warned! It's a bit tough in the beginning, expect some trial-and-error runs :)"
76561198126642318,Recommended,304650,28319281,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Flame Noir,"Lots of fun. Can be frustrating, but just keep going and you'll make it. Can be VERY hard to make money, though."
,Recommended,304650,28313973,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AnachronOrion,Died at least 15 times. love it. it had consumed my nights and days. the sunlight is so pretty though...
76561198021149103,Recommended,304650,27671575,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jared,This game has always hit my addiction receptors.  There's something about the atmosphere and the writing that makes me feel like the answers are always just out of reach.  The music and pacing of the game add to the suspence and sense of discovery as you get more confident and move further and further away from your home port.  Overall I highly recommend this game if you enjoy a slow moving gothic horror adventrue without much of a linear plot and with very little combat.
,Recommended,304650,14412483,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Cerlin,"I just bought it since it was officially released. Had my first ship do pretty decent but I ran out of food/fuel right next to a port, prayed to the old gods (with a requisite crew sacrifice), got transported all the way across the map to a temple, prayed for madness, and the jumped into the water to join the drowned.10 lovecrafts out of 10."
76561198016606468,Recommended,304650,30212060,Posted: 26 February,all,arclightshock37,"First off, this game isn't for everyone.  I can understand perfectly why many would not enjoy it.  It does have a few flaws true, but mostly it's the slow pace of the game and the somewhat disjointed feel of the world and the stories within it that are going to turn most off from it.That being said, some will find the meloncholy atmosphere and surreal strangeness of everything appealing.  The game is almost impossible to describe to someone beyond very broad genre archetypes that do little to convey the true nature of the game.  Sure you can say it's a rogue-lite seafaring survival exploration horror game but that doesn't really prepare people for something like this.All I can say is I like the game, I recommend it to others now that Steam has a refund window even if it is somewhat narrow.   Like it or not, it's a pretty unforgettable experience."
76561198009523289,Recommended,304650,26917003,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheAnswer,Excellent exploration and adventure game.
,Recommended,304650,27814083,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lumbaz,This game is amazing and filled with so many different stories.
76561198102441144,Recommended,304650,28564741,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,knine,Boat - CheckSupllies - CheckSea - CheckExploration - CheckScary Monsters - CheckGreat Music - CheckInteresting Dialogue - CheckSurvival - CheckRage - CheckMisery - CheckSelf Doubt - CheckDeath - CheckWould do it all again 10/10
,Recommended,304650,21506799,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,lightreading,"Dark and weird world to navigate your ship. I do feel it needs some kind of fast forward function. I takes too long to get somewhere while nothing is really happening. Otherwise, it's terrific."
76561198045808952,Recommended,304650,23957134,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,diablogamer225,"Fantastic game with really good writing. The combat and the extremely slow ship speed are the only real cons for this game. I also wouldn't recommend this if you don't enjoy reading, because there is walls and walls of text that  you must read through in order to play the game. The starting ship is also extremely slow so if your not patient you probably won't enjoy this game either."
76561198041538248,Recommended,304650,23984989,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Malacandra,Awesome atmosphere.
,Recommended,304650,11109004,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,A Zealous Sea Cucumber [음악],"I'm editing this review in light of the full release of the game and several dozen hours of playing.Up front, the game has changed a lot since early access.  The combat is done in the style of Sid Meyer's Pirates!, with the exception that your gun is forward-facing on your deck instead of broadside-based.The early access review about story is still true, but they've massively expanded and deepened everything.  I've found that I very much enjoy the game, with one small exception: I really don't like balancing the three needs of terror, hunger, and fuel.  I've modified the game so that I don't have to manage fuel and hunger any more.  I might change that in the future, or look to modify events so that terror thresholds can trigger the fuel or hunger running-out-crises.  I did that so that I could get to the story quicker and easier, and really explore the Neath.Anyway, the game's quite a bit of fun.  Going beneath the waves with Zubmariner was likewise thrilling, and there's a whole new host of terrors down there.Alright, the early access review is below.So, I'll talk about the three parts of this game: the promise, the view, and the reveal.First, the promise.  This game offers something fairly normal: it's a top-down RPG in an old vein, but in a fairly novel setting.  It is set slightly higher than the camera in Sid Meyer's Pirates!, and the boat's a steamer instead of a masted boat.  Combat is engaged in the same way, through touching boats/sharks/living mountains.  Combat is done like it is in a text-based game, albeit with a nice graphic user interface: you select options, they ""warm up"" (opposite of cooling down), and then activate.  Your options are to close the distance, illuminate your opponent, flee, or attack.  All in all, if you're familiar with any of the game's claimed influences then you will recognize them here.  You will also see a ton of influence from text-based adventures in the game if you're familiar with them.  The Ship's Log is a nice homage to text-based adventures.Next, the view.  What makes this game special isn't any component in particular, but the way it puts them together.  It builds upon our modern fascinations with Cthonian horror, Steampunk mystique, and adventuristic RPGs.  The world itself is beautiful and broad.  Each area of the game has a distinct flavour to it, and this makes the Underzee beautiful.  I consider this an amazing feat in a game set in a single-tone setting (that is to say under ground).  It's still novel to see bubbling hills, subterranean volcanos, the corpse of a fallen god, and a city-sized fungus.  Everything from watching my little boat steam along to the appearance of a living mountain is beautifully rendered.  Some of the portraits are of a professional quality that leaves a bit to be desired, but I can still appreciate the quantity of work in the time periods required for publication.  Some of them are genuinely inspired, such as the engineer whose eyes are ready to hatch some unknown horrors.The reveal... Everything is put together very well.  I consider myself to be privileged to offer input on a game like this.  It's very fun, life after life.  The complete package itself is worth playing if you can wait for the final product.  Checking their progress via their update page on their progress page is comforting.  Their concept seems unique; your traits are encompassed in Pages, Mirrors, Veils, Iron, and Hearts, which is adequate and tasteful.Personally, I would prefer combat in the style of Side Meyer's Pirates! and a complete, suspenseful darkness in the wilds that made things a little more terrifying.  It would also be nice if there was a different starting port each time you played, and I really look forward to more options to start out with.  I think the part I most look forward to is the creation of some sort of merchant system so that money is a bit more obtainable.  Right now the profit margins on the goods you can trade don't even pay for the supplies you expend bringing them to port.  The continuity system is somewhat disappointing that the ""Iron-Clad Will"" is so out of reach.  One prominent review has pointed out how hard it is to make money right now, and that's true.As a final note, the terror mechanism will probably be the most frustrating (to both players and developers).  At the moment terror is simply either too quickly gained or too difficult to lose; it needs to swing one way or another, or maybe add a higher upper limit on it so that a person can fall farther into the depths of madness.As it is, it's a relaxing cruise into madness, and the continuity system is most satisfying.  Probably the best memory I have of the game was when Citizen Exile, one of my captains, made his last stand (out of fuel and food) against Mt. Nomad.  He left his mark on the Cthonian Horror and inspired the next captain to sail forth with a hope for future, a heart of gold, and secrets in his pages.tl;dr:-Merchant system is in development, not currently workable-Terror system can be frustrating-Early game is repetitive+Good homage to everything it claims (text-based games, Lovecraft, Steampunk, pirates)+Excellent setting and art; unique in my opinion+Good price right now for AMAZING potential final game+Your money goes toward the developers' shoes"
,Recommended,304650,11074630,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SquidDNA,"This game is awesome and by awesome I mean totally sweet. ""Sunless Sea"" is a Lovecraft / steampunk fantasy world with a focus on exploration.This is kind of a roguelike except the map is relatively static. There is some randomness in the way that events and storylines will pop up, but ""hardcore by default"" and ""punishingly difficult"" are checked off. There's already a lot of content in this game and they're adding more."
76561198121624509,Recommended,304650,12661792,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Doc Garvey,I Sacrificed one of my crew to a appease a god of the sea that may or may not exist. Later I assisted a group of sentient  guinea pigs in opressing a sentient race of rats. 10/10 would recomend
,Recommended,304650,16778474,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Blue,"Very rarely do I ever come across a game that is aout as painful to play as it is so creative and rich I want to play it anyway. Overall the game has an amazing world, very rich lore you could play for months and still learn a little something new, perfect atmosphere and great mechanics. However this game suffers from the horrible curse of being so hard to play its not so much fun but more of a challenge.Good aspects:-As I said the world is incredibly well thought out and populated with so many things-The mechanics while not completely new are very tailored to this game and fit well-Characters feel real and not: Hello I am the Tutorial quest-The map and quests/events often change so you wont always get the same resultsNow comes the other side of the game the negative. I dont mind a challenging game, FTL is challenging but just fair enough to keep you coming back for more. This game expects you to die and die often. More often than not 2 things will happen. 1. Run out of fuel and then the trouble starts usually leading to the end of the game. 2. the food runs out which leads to the end of the game. This game really had such marvolous potential but the fact of the matter is you only have so much space for fuel and food (not counting cargo if you want to make a profit) and if your a person who likes to explore and investigate a world vs just going from quest to quest you wont get much of a chance here.Bad aspects:-you only have so much space for fuel and food so you have to make choices- it is REALLY hard to make money in this game-when you die all your progress in the game resets (maps, money, treasure)-the distance between islands is very long so exploring unknown places means you wont last long in a small boat-the game promises to be lovecraftian and filled with horrors, but they arnt easy to find and not nearly as exciting or rewarding as you would think-combat sucks unless you have very exspensive equipment-unless you have acomplished very hard to do quests, you dont get to keep hardly anything from your last game-the game punishes curiosity more than it rewards itSo here is my advice, if you want a game that takes hours to play, has tons of content and a facinating world this is a great game to buy. However if you want to have FUN or explore it, download Cheat Engine to solve the money problems. It does make the game more enjoyable."
,Recommended,304650,30372647,Posted: 7 March,all,danielxancient,"Dark, enigmatic top down exploration game where you as a Captain and your doomed crew try to exploreand survive on dangerous, deep waters surrounding victorian London.Excellent atmosphere and soundtrackwill haunt you for days.Battle your enemies on see and Iand, hire out new crew members with special abilities, make friends,discover interesting artifacts and trade those to a museum for money or do you secret/spying missionfor the governor of London.But remember fuel is scarce here and so is the food......someday you may start eating your crew but you will not fail..."
76561198203117828,Recommended,304650,30378634,Posted: 7 March,all,kelly.redeker,"This is one of the most compelling, addictive, thought-provoking games I've played in years. Add in the atmospheric imagery and music and its a pure winner!!"
,Recommended,304650,28414493,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[M]erc,"A really cool game and deserving of more attention. Great atmosphere and compelling stories. I've played a fair amount in offline mode so my hours aren't all tracked, but even still I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of what this game offers  and want to dig in deeper."
76561198069877806,Recommended,304650,28007942,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ur Game Buddy,"What a marvellous world you have created God - oh Mighty Stone, fearsome Salt, mysterious Drowned Man. Let the Unterzee consume you... for many hours.  Your first captain will surely die, don't worry - others will take his place :-)"
76561198017057868,Recommended,304650,28320796,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,kaiwryn,"Phenomenal game. Rich storytelling with tons of replay value. I loved the explorative aspect of the game and the death mechanic. I think it's so easy to try to prevent a character from dying, but in this game, timing your death/exit from the game well can have huge positive rewards for your next character."
,Recommended,304650,26574668,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Revolting Peasants,10/10 would eat crew again
,Recommended,304650,29245148,Posted: 14 January,all,The_True_Meller,"When writing this I've spent 33 hours of real time on The Zee, amounting approximately 3-or-so years of game time, lost twelve captains to its cold and dark embrace, and finally accepted that the game is far too merciless for a player of my caliber to soldier it on without manual saves. I've decided that my 13th captain will be the one to recover his father's bones, explore every nook and cranny of The Zee surface and perhaps be the first to dare the deep fathoms with a Zubmarine. Or perhaps he, like his predecessors,  will be the fertilizer of The Zee or a dinner for his starved crew. Perhaps he will go mad like few captains down the lineage, the most embarassing one being the brave but foolish 12th captain who lost her marbles only few yards from Fallen London port by defying the fate and trying to interact with one of her crew's nightmare while having 96 out of 100 madness level already. The Zee is cruel for her mistresses indeed.This game is an artwork of interactive exploration. It is mostly slow-paced prodding and plodding based on one chance trial and error method that can become deeply frustrating; almost every time I have lost a captain I'm mad as Hell for a while, but within few minutes after some pondering and refreshing of my notes I'm back at it again, starting from an empty slate wondering where the familiar ports are this time and what new wonders there will be to see. Although you will see the same story lines again and again when starting a new game, they are oh, so poetic and beautiful pieces of narrative I'm yet to be bored by them. And the perfect undertoned irony or other forms of (usually dark) comedy in many of the little snippets and happenings... oh, my! The game entertains, horrifies and makes me laught in just right proportions.For a patient explorer who enjoys ones tales of yonder in the likes of Poe, Lovecraft, Hawthorne and whatnot, this is a true rare gem. While it takes it also keeps on giving with generosity of a Santa Claws. Or Claus. These things are never quite clear here in the Neath."
76561198158442079,Recommended,304650,26574619,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Haplo,"Once upon a time, I bought some groceries, and they forgot to ring up my bacon. The day I paid 21.99 for Sunless Sea was still a better deal than free bacon."
76561198003420249,Recommended,304650,14420789,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Handy,"This game is excellent. I initially bought it in Early Access, and tried it out because the theme way right up my alley. I didn't sink much time into it, due to the state of the game (a perfect example of why not to play EA unless you're all about the journey to greatness through mediocrity).However, this game led me to Fallen London, the free-to-play, pay-to-play more browser based game (i.e. get an extra turn every ten minute kind of thing). Usually I steer wide around that kind of time sink, but this was pretty good. The world Failbetter created and stories they tell are excellent; it's a great mix of tongue-firmly-in-cheek humor mixed with a bit of horror, mystery and exploration. The downside is that you need to read a TON (upside being what's written is worth reading). The upside is that, while there are some great mini-stories, your game progression is marked by gaining Secrets (xp... ish?), which you gain from the stories.For me, it was initially a letdown when I finished something and it says ""And you learn cryptic secrets of the Unterzee..."" I'm like ""Cool, what secrets did I learn?! Oh... I got secrets.... x3...."" The sooner you embrace that system, the quicker you can get to loving being a ship's captain in a giant sea underground set in a steampunk setting... with devils... and squidpeople... and giant crabs. If that seems like fun, this is your jam."
,Recommended,304650,19067163,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,israphil,"sunless sea is a exploration survival, choices matters rogue-like game, that introduce you to a part of the world of fallen london, using WASD steer control and few hot keys and mouse hover, you take command of a ship and explore the ""zee"" with all its horrer and mystories and interact with characters in a well written storyline, manage crew members and officers each with some buff and/or debuff traits to them, you can play the game for different goals using various aprouches every single time, you'll sink a lot, starve often and if you manage to tackle all that, you probably end up cursed by a god or get mad!...this game is a must buy and play for everyone who apreciate and indulge in embarking in an endless mysterious world with which time is unaccounted for.Edit: with the new DLC the game is insanely more interesting and richer than ever"
,Recommended,304650,26701667,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Nihilistic Mystic,"This game is slow. It's pacing. It's methodical. It's maddening.Maddening, like sailing into the pitch black sea with no land in sight and with nothing to go on more than someone told you there was land ""to the east."" But you've been out at sea so long you've forgotten where you started from and where you were supposed to go and all you know is you need to keep going east.Then you see the problem. You're low on fuel. You're low on food. You're low on sanity. And you are far, far from home. You scramble to try to get home, trying to draw a balancing act, since if you run out of fuel you'll be stranded, but you can burn some of your food and use it as fuel, but what's the point of making it back to London if you're all starved to death and all that reaches home is a boat filled with corpses?But in the end, you make it. You burned your last ration, you may have sacrificed one of your crew members to some nameless god in exchange for fuel, but (most of) you made it. A harrowing experience that drove you to the brink of madness in which you saw horrible things that would drive most people to claw their own eyes out.And then, after you rest for a day or two, you head out to sea again.Sunless Sea is a game about commanding a crew of sailors (or 'zailors', if you've taken up the local accent) through the nightmare of the Unterzee, a massive ocean entirely inside a massive cave system. Populated by madmen and nightmarish creatures, you strike out, seeking fame, fortune, an empire, or perhaps your father's corpse. Whatever your desire is, you will run into strange places and stranger people. An island of LARPers where everyone is expected to play a role and wear a mask. A place with a civil war going on between two bands of sentient rodents. The underwater descendants of Ghengis Khan. A hidden cave with a sentient force asking to play a game of chess against you. No place is quite like the one you just left.There is no voice acting in this game. This is important for many people. There are thousands upon thousands of carefully handpicked words for you to read. The stories are beautifully and enigmatically written. Everyone has a story, and everyone has their secrets. What will yours be, Captain?"
,Recommended,304650,26640622,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,kongdoolgi(JDKim),"English is not my first language, and the words used in this game are not so easy (more likely to literature than just spoken words I think). So I need google dictionary very, very often. Alt+Tabbing so often is annoying and disturbs me from playing the game, but STILL the game attracts me with its gloomy dark fantasy world, which makes me think 'wow, those who are good at English will feel much more fantastic than what I'm feeling now'.If my first language was English, I could have been enjoying this game much more than now. However, no matter how disturbing the ""literature words"" is, its still interesting world to navigate. I think it also helps me understand the literature written in English. Everyday I run into the game when the work is over, and I feel my English is developing as I spend more times in the tides of Neath.If your first language is English and you like reading novel things, then this game is a MUST to play.If your first language is not English, then you have to think awhile to make a choice. But I definitely can recommend this game for the study of English, too."
76561198067992782,Recommended,304650,31895743,Posted: 21 May,all,currentmadman,a must for those who love to lose themselves in a dark and strange world.
,Recommended,304650,23559174,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Cap of Weird,"This is a really neat game about exploring an underground sea. The vast majority of it is like a choose your own adventure, almost everything you do changes what happens in the story. The other portion of the game is piloting your ship around the sea, looking for new places to land (and avoid) and looking for other ships and creatures to blast out of the water. Many times though, it's the creatures killing you, not the other way around. This game does have permadeath, which is frustrating because once you've done the first few stories ten to twenty times, they get to be a little bit boring, until you move past them again, but it's still rough. Overall, this is a really good, story-rich, survival explorer game. I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a long, deep story."
76561197960833702,Recommended,304650,21653403,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,dana scully's pantsuits,"A strong game is one that allows the user to create their own stories and memories within the game. Sunless Sea does this perfectly. I'd be hard pressed to find another game with so much atmospehre, where it feels like I'm inside the world. This is done mainly through their wonderful writing, and it's a lot of writing, so if you're not into that aspect then I would avoid this game. It took me a few tries to get into this one, but once I did, I was hooked. It's not for everyone, but if you enjoy a good book, I would give this a go."
,Recommended,304650,21634301,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,HakanDViking,"I love this game. I went in and cheated though by editing the save file to give myself extra hearts because I didn't want to go through the grind. I just want to play for the exploration and the stories. This game has a beautiful haunting atmosphere, and I hope they make another. The soundtrack is awesome too."
,Recommended,304650,27917545,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,oneballjay,"Nominated for the Steam Awards under: Best Fan-Made YouTube Companion VideoSearch YouTube for ""Sunless Sea Rap""Also one of my favorite games, absolutely dripping with atmosphere..."
,Recommended,304650,31049584,Posted: 9 April,all,Punik,"Deprese na kolečkách. Pardon, na hladině. Zajímavej herní koncept, ale nějaxe neumím přenést přes tu depresivní atmosféru.Je skvělá, ale depresivní. :D"
,Recommended,304650,26855087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[0xFB] Angry cats,"Beautiful game with immersive gamepaly and very good soundtrack. Somewat similar to Don't Starve (in regards to management of resources), but with more story."
,Recommended,304650,12545605,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lannius,"Solid early-access effort at expanding and enhancing the game of Fallen London.  If you enjoy Fallen London, you will enjoy Sunless Sea.  Give Fallen London a try (it's a free browser game) and check if the story-driven gameplay is your thing.  Sunless Sea is this story aspect with some explorey-fighty arcade action in the form of a zee vesselhttp://fallenlondon.storynexus.comLooking forward to completion on this one."
,Recommended,304650,20887913,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ChimiChanglee,"Here's what I recommend when you play this game: The only way to survive is to explore. Also, save scum when your best captain dies (that coveted 'no save' medal might seem amazing, but you're not going to get it on your first strong captain).This game is an unforgetable experience. My profile says I have 0.1 hours on record, but in truth i've logged in weeks of play on one captain through a torrent. I decided that it was purchase worthy, and so here it is in my library, however I can't bring myself to play it again.Permanently losing a captain is heartbreaking, and although that is an impactful message through gameplay, it really kills your will to keep going. So i'm going to say again, save!If you're into Lovecraftian literature, I guarentee you'll enjoy this game.Never disappoint Salt.some more tldr:Good-narrative, atmosphere, writing, art, charactersrapidly decaying fuel and supply system keeps you on your toes, forces you to exploreBad-combat system is very shallow, along with buyable upgrades (aside from ships)you need to figure out how to survive very quickly"
76561198010628632,Recommended,304650,21156904,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,CountCristo,All round amazing game. My only regret is that I have done just about everything and can't experiance it for the first time again.
,Recommended,304650,26753900,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,World Record Dog Say I Love You,"i've now played this game for over a hundred god damn hours so i should probably review it.sunless sea fills a niche in the horror genre that i haven't really found elsewhere, which is to say moody, silent horror that flickers into view and entices you to search for it. it's a game about secrets, and it's absolutely full of mysteries of every size (that you can make all sorts of horrific sacrifices to find out the truth about), monsters of every size (that you can try to barely inch past and pray do not notice you), and all kinds of gorgeous, terrible islands and seaports that make you feel sort of like a moth to a flame. for as long as i've played, i've yet to figure out all the secrets in this game.the process of playing the game itself is slow, deliberate and perilous. if the stuff i mentioned above seems less rewarding to you than it does to me, then there's a chance you'll find the game sluggish and frustrating. it doesn't help that the starting curve of difficulty can be pretty harsh until you're familiar with the places you can travel.basically if you are okay with a game demanding your patience but rewarding it with a lot of fantastic secrets and stories and sights, sunless sea is for you. get out there and sink into the watery abyss."
,Recommended,304650,29032436,Posted: 5 January,all,Classic Mayo,"Although this game is tedious to begin with, the overall experience of the game is fantastic. Sunless Sea builds upon the lore provided in the Failbetter online game, Fallen London, previously known as Echo Bazaar, where London was dragged a mile underneath the surface of the earth by bats and soon taken over by the Masters of the Bazaar. Although it's great to play these two games in tandem, it's not required.The atmosphere in the game is definitely what makes it stand out from other top-down games I have played. Given the fact that every time you die, the map shifts itself around a little bit, provides the player with a constant question, how much fuel and how many supplies do I need to reach X without dying?Overall, 8/10Dying sucks"
,Recommended,304650,29068707,Posted: 6 January,all,Cercan55,"If your tired of invoking all the meaning and curiosity yourself, into the games you play. This the game for you."
76561197993744561,Recommended,304650,29128989,Posted: 8 January,all,Leokull,"Explore the zee in a gothic/lovecraftian victorian setting. A slow burner for sure but if you're a patient gamer and enjoy games with plenty of exploration and stories, you might just enjoy this. And you will die, but your legacy will live on."
76561197999167504,Recommended,304650,14569130,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,RocketMan,"So I only bought this game a few days and I ain't exactly seen all it has to offer yet... but I want to... and I'm determined to do so! Although I can only present initial impressions I must say I'm feeling extremely positive.The learning curve isn't as vicious as I feared, it certainly isn't unreasonable or frustating however the game does a very good job of making you feel a slow sense of dread. You're constantly aware of the risks you're taking, and that things will often get worse. Like any good, organic-create-your-own-story experience and trickiest and most grueling decisions will be the ones you make by yourself. (you'll agonise over whether you have enough fuel to continue or if you should turn back)I'm seriously enjoying the lore, every location and officer has a great subplot to pick apart (if you're interested, but then again if you aren't this probably isn't for you).It has that quality you want in a singleplayer experience, it's damn tricky to put down. (""oh just ten more minutes, to see whats over there"")Overall, its occupied my mind since I got it, and I can't wait to return to it. Recommended to anyone who likes this kinda storytelling angle, pretty damned essential game for those who like role-playing, lovecraftian style adventure."
,Recommended,304650,30916858,Posted: 2 April,all,[TAW] Muzzle,"Quality game with interesting storylines and simple game mechanics. Story driven but with high replay value. Do not consider if you don't like reading or imagining. Good game to play while listening to music or podcast, but removes some of the ambiance."
,Recommended,304650,20028268,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SirSpitfire,One of those worlds you really start to believe in due to the detail.
,Recommended,304650,32507409,Posted: 17 June,all,Ryujin Hawker,"An almost Lovecraftian game, full with interesting story and a wonderful world.The DLC is great and adds even more to the game.The graphics can be lacking and the game can be repetetive if you aren't good at it, but overall well worth it."
,Recommended,304650,21514970,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rev_Enge(spc),"Writing is great, theme is good, etc.But a few things that stuck out to me that I haven't seen in other reviews:I really like the way the game deals with gender. I don't go looking for this in every game, but I do appreciate that your sexuality is under your complete control, and especially that the game doesn't go out of its way to trumpet how proud it is of itself. You just, choose what people call you and choose what you look like, and who you hook up with, and it's all NBD.Secondly, the game interlinks various themes, and twines them together in its little world, in an incredibly seamless way, given the variety of the factions and settings. The Principles of Coral is a real standout location for me, and I enjoyed the way Gaider's Mourn hits the obligatory pirate-cove note without feeling derivative.Thirdly, I do find it strange how ship-to-ship combat actually feels more like dogfighting than naval battles, but I can see why it works that way in the system."
76561198062787917,Recommended,304650,23963074,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SlothsCradle,"As a fan of Fallen London i can only say one thing: ""Fantastic Story, Amazing Narrative"". The gameplay is lacking sometimes, but the story makes up for it."
76561197987184284,Recommended,304650,23969273,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,canhero,"Very atmospheric  haunting game.  A bit repetitive but to be expected in this type of play, like  FTL.  The music score is well suited to the game, and you feel a sense of loss when your captain and crew finally perish beneath the Zee."
76561197999679419,Recommended,304650,30130249,Posted: 23 February,all,rocky776,"This is the rare game that I feel bad getting on sale, because it is easily worth full price! It's just beautiful, from graphics to music to the best part, the writing.True, the game has small flaws. Balancing food, fuel and terror is a great idea but is handled too punishingly. Apparently not quite either permadeath or roguelike, you still only really learn tactics and strategy through multiple deaths, which cast you back almost to a bare-bones beginning. Read that as grind, grind and grind. Most of those deaths are frustratingly mundane or worse, unpredictable due to a seemingly safe decision.I almost gave up after two stupid deaths, but stayed on and now up to 9. I can't seem to walk away, because there is still so much more to see and learn.If you're patient and story-oriented in PC games, this is a must-have."
76561197970924275,Recommended,304650,24302264,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Arcwelder,"This is a great game. It oozes atmosphere, I like to listen to the Cure and cut myself while I play. No, I'm joking, I like to dress in steampunk garb and pretend I'm victorian while I play.I do think that this game gets in its own way though, it borders on grindy/boring unless you get lucky or are accustomed to bdsm gaming.If you like to be in relationships with difficult but interesting people, this game is for you. If you just want to have fun and relax, move on."
,Recommended,304650,14671412,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,vxt22,"I love this game because it requires the player to figure out where and what the problems to be solved are. It is a beautiful discovery game, it always leaves you wanting more, and its secrets are elusive.This game also makes me terribly sad because it suffers from serious design problems that prevent the game from being played in the intended manner.There isn't varying content in the early game to justify the permadeath aspect. What could be a different experience each time, with a randomized pick of 3 possible storylines for each island and no way to predict which of the innumerable sets the game will generate each time, is instead the exact same scenario repeated every. single. time. you. restart. after. death.London could have had characters which depend on which of the other storylines the dice have yielded, but instead they are all the same every time.The world is too empty for its concept, with an artist who is more productive than its writer. Its writing, which by all accounts should be its bread and butter, is sparse. There's a lot of it, but it's sparse. There isn't enough of it for the size of the game, and the game is too greedy with its prose, saving it only for the deepest mysteries and not giving much of its treasures to new players in the early game.Furthermore, the pay offs at the end of most stories don't give answers and invite new questions, but rather unsatisfyingly dance around any sort of conclusions.In addition, the game robs itself of its most interesting possibilities. There are no stories interrupting and changing the tides of battle. There are no Ahab battle epics. There isn't any player piracy potential due to an embarrasingly persistent balance problem -- still there as of summer 2016 -- preventing the player from capturing ships. There are no letters of marque to introduce political intrigue on the high seas.The developer has in the past remarked that more content doesn't solve design problems. But this is a permadeath game, and varying unpredictable circumstances is the only way to pull it off. He is wrong in this case. There are whole beautifully drawn islands that remain nearly completely empty and completely predictable the whole game. There are promised story lines that were severely pared down or simply never completed, and unpromised story lines obviously omitted and sadly attested to by the beautiful art that lies awaiting them. The world is so interesting, but this game is like reading the first chapter of a fantasy epic and never getting to experience the rest of the story.The developer has also remarked that due to the number of art pieces vs the number of words in the game, it proves that a picture is worth 300 some odd words. The finished game would prove the adage: a picture's worth a thousand words.I still recommend the game. I hope the developer decides to fill out what is there rather than solely expanding the scope."
76561198013251616,Recommended,304650,30429335,Posted: 10 March,all,Kael Darkwind,"wonderful game that got me hooked right away. rich atmosphere that made me think long and hard about many decisions.my advice? bring a pen and notepad and keep track of everwhere you vist and what items are needed, so you know what to bring with you on your next trip"
76561198001535311,Recommended,304650,26005544,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,wotan3,"Atmosphere, narrative, intrigue - great setting. I would love something like this in a much more substantial form."
,Recommended,304650,26060228,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,haliphax,"If you're looking for a naval combat simulator or an exploration game with intense resource management, look elsewhere. If you're up for an amazing story that you experience by navigating through it firsthand, then you will absolutely love this game. A very rich story that is exposed to you piecemeal, and a very well-crafted feeling of existential dread to accompany you as you zail the Unterzee!"
76561198095784540,Recommended,304650,33301663,Posted: 5 July,all,BigOlPandaBrr,"Love this game. it's difficult, amazing, lovecraftian and makes me glad to die in the depths of insanity.Buy this, or the Elder One's will likely visit you in your dreams.10/10 would eat my crew again."
76561197972940535,Recommended,304650,11571907,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"A brutally unforgiving game... and I can't help but absolutely love it to bits! VERY atmospheric - dark, brooding and tense adventure game with RPG elements which will have you expecting conspiracies in every port you and your foolhardy crew may visit... I STILL don't know if I should be trusting those three sisters at a certain landhold...Giving this a 9.5/10 - game can be sodding hard if luck is against you, but it's one of the best blend of exploration, trading and puzzle/mystery I have come across in a very long time. Highly recommended for those who have the patience with the high liklihood of dying A LOT as you learn the game dynamics. Happy sailing!"
,Recommended,304650,27589773,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Solatso,"Fantastic game!  Great stories, great atmosphere, very addictive.  You'll die but it's okay because you're gonna just keep going back for more.  One of the best ways to spend ~$7"
,Recommended,304650,23019610,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BlueDragonGoddess,Sunless Sea is a great game. It has many great features that many people can enjoy. This game can become very harsh if your not careful playing it. This game also has a amazing storyline and story writers that keep the game interesting. With the stories you can earn by playing fallen London along side it adds a large amount of new value to the game. This is a solid game and I would recommend it to anyone who likes reading interactive stories.
,Recommended,304650,33840695,Posted: 27 July,all,Bakadrone,"Atmospheric and beautiful with impeccable writing and lore.  While it might not appeal to those who aren't unduly fascinated with Lovecraftian themes and Victorian settings, for those who like both it's a nice time sink.Probably the biggest problem with the game itself is the gameplay.  Heavily reliant on dying and retrying with your ""descendant"", the game starts off very slowly with little indication as to how to make money and progress and may start to feel like hoops you have to jump through to get to the fantastic lore.  Still, if you like trial and error exploration with the chance of gradual improvent, you may not find it as onerous as I did.Despite my complaints, it's a wonderful little game and highly recommended.  Just be prepared to sink a lot of time in before you can get out of home waters relatively safely."
76561198119447140,Recommended,304650,28408770,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Popcorn snail,"Kinda spooky, but also comfy.It's like a choose your own adventure book, just with some extra boats"
76561198008141314,Recommended,304650,20871439,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"EDIT: Zubmariner expansion finally brought us the long awaited submarine. Now we can finally explore the murky depths of the Unterzee, find sunken treasures, monsters, sea mines, monsters, suffocation, darkness... and of course new civilizations and stories to explore.*EDIT* Apparently getting a submarine is not implemented to the game.... yet.Be the captain of your own ship, explore the ""zee"" as it's called, see the wonders scattered on distant islands, resolve conflicts, explore the surface, smuggle illegal cargo, have tea with deviless who casually asks you for your soul, fight horrific monsters, eat your own crew, make sacrifices to the elder gods, lose your mind on the open ""zee"".If there's one thing the Sunless sea excells at, it's the narrative and exploration. The world is very well fleshed out, every island and nation is unique and interesting, some of them are quite silly, some are rather sinister. There is certainly a Lovecraftian element to it. You make a difference in this world, it's only up to you which path you'll choose. Don't expect to see everything on the first run though, some events must be completed before certain time, so if you want to achieve something very specific, you'll need to plan ahead. I've put some hours into it and it feels like I just scraped the surface, I have yet to see the surface, or explore the depths of the ""zee"", because apparently you can get a submarine. This game is completely stuffed with content.You can actually win this game, it's not just the exploration, you have goal, an ambition of your choice, that you'll need to fulfill. Choosing who you were before becoming a captain will make a difference too.The exploration is slow at first, but that gets better as you gather money and improve your ship. Staying alive can be tricky especially if you over-extend your cruises, because there is so much you need to keep an eye on- your hull, fuel, food and of course- the terror. There is a permadeath by the way, but you can choose a legacy that will be given to your next captain as a starting bonus. The gameplay is for the most part quite slow as result of the rich storytelling, BUT it can get pretty intense when your terror reaches certain height, I've experienced terror over 90 and survived and I can tell you this- you'll start losing crew pretty quickly. This game understands pacing and atmosphere, which is underlined by an excellent soundtrack.Another strenght is the solid graphics style, every part of the ""zee"" is different, the sea of lilies or sea of coral in particular are sight to behold. The attention to detail is marvelous. There is even an island of spiders. There is quite a lot of teal color everywhere, but that's okay with me, you can always use more teal.There is but one weakness, the combat system. You cannot fire at will, your guns have a quite weird cooldown, where you have to basically have the oponent in sights, lose a line of sight (turn away from it for instance) and the cooldown will stop. It's not the best explanation, but this really needs to be experienced to fully understand it. I have a piece of advice for you- don't try to fight everything you see, you'll burn through your fuel and supplies and don't get anywhere. But for the most part you can completely avoid it.So, if you like narratively driven games and Lovecraft, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,304650,20424815,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Simian Deity,"Sunless Sea is probably one of the most unique games I've played in quite a while. It's not an RPG, but you'll be asked to create a detailed character and a act out your own part in a story. It's not a rogue-like, but you'll be exploring a randomized map and death is an expected outcome. It's not even a naval combat game, although you will be controlling a ship and engaging in fights with pirates and sea monsters.From a mechanics viewpoint, Sunless Sea reminds me most of the space sims of the late 90s, like Privateer. It has a similar open world, find a way to make a buck, fighter/merchant aesthetic. But combat plays a smaller role here, and storytelling comes to the forefront.The premise is that London and all its citizens have somehow sunk beneath the surface of the earth, and sits on the edge of a vast subterranean ocean. Now its people are permanent residents of the underworld, a shadowy realm they share with the bizarre and the supernatural.In Sunless Sea, you'll be asked to create a character through a series of pre-made background choices. Each choice shapes your character's stats and goals. You are given a ship, one officer and some crew, and set loose on the titular sea with very little in the way of directions or limitations. Despite the relative complexity of some of the game systems at work here, I found that the intro did an excellent job of communicating what I needed to know in order to get started.What proved to be more of a challenge was finding a way to make it all pay off. My first two captains struggled to earn more for each voyage than they paid for the fuel and supplies necessary to leave port once again. Goods can be purchased in London and resold in other ports for a small profit, but cargo space is limited in your starting ship, and the profit margins are (usually) tiny. Early quests proved to be sparse and not terribly well paying. Eventually my early captains, out of funds and low on fuel and supplies, took one chance too many and sank beneath the waves.By my third captain, I found the right combination of repeatable activites to keep my ship supplied. By my fifth, I had mastered the waves, and found myself able to start upgrading my ship and gear. Here, the game disappoints a touch: there are only half a dozen ship options, most of which cost so much they require a commitment of hours upon hours to afford. The lower end ships are no better than the starting ship (two are arguably worse!). That leaves the player with very few opportunities to purchase a better ship (one of the more exciting goals in such a game). Equipment for your ships, on the other hand, tends to be reasonably affordable, with many interesting variations. Simply upgrading the deck gun and engines on the starter ship can have a tremendous impact on your survivability.You spend most of the game wandering in your ship, revealing a chart of the underground ocean (called the ""Unterzee"" by its denizens), discovering islands, hazards, and ports as you go. Each port has a variety of activities to engage in, from gathering intelligence for the navy to collecting artifacts from local ruins to getting involved in the intrigue of local politics. Some of these ports are amazingly realized fantasy worlds in their own right, places I found myself wanting to know more about.Between ports, you will occasionally find (or be found by) monsters or other ships. Combat is simple, and relies primarily on positioning to ensure that you can fire on your enemies and to prevent them from firing on you. With a little skill, combat becomes fairly easy, even against relatively tough opponents. However, the rewards from combat are rarely worth the expense of fuel and resources, which led me to deliberately avoid most encounters.Ultimately, this is a symptom of Sunless Sea's greatest problem: where sailing the Unterzee ought to offer the promise of great riches and great peril, neither feels true. Sailing is expensive and not very profitable until one learns to exploit all the game's systems to gain resources for free. Combat is slow and rarely challenging, with only a meager reward at the end. Running out of fuel poses a much greater threat to your survival than madness or monsters. The Unterzee is a surprisingly safe place, and (outside a few well-worn routes) there is very little money to be made in the shipping industry, and none to be had in piracy.If it weren't for the amazing atmosphere and top-notch storytelling, this would probably be enough to turn me off of the game. But Sunless Sea does a phenomenal job of creating a world I want to know better, and of allowing me to create a character through my decisions and my interactions with that world that feels complete. If you are a fan of mysteriously atmospheric game worlds, then Sunless Sea can draw you in and have you overlook its flaws."
76561197971031191,Recommended,304650,14354261,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,fangorn231,"If you're reading this and you enjoyed the old Sid Meier's Pirates! game from the 16bit era or the remake that came out in early 2000's you'll like this. None of the flailing sword fights but loots more ship battles. Exploration is the point of the game, but it comes at the cost of you and your crew's sanity. Love the game already.Oh and whenever you want, you can start a new game with a new map. Sure most of the things on the east coast will be the same, for your convenience, but the rest of it will be a whole new set up. Enjoy finding your favorite ports again."
76561198244490462,Recommended,304650,26043545,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DangeR,"I love the game , tense and hard. I love the music and the art.... It's  well design. If u love reading, this game is for u but i what I like the most is the relations in this game, so 5 of my captains are dead...So far i'm always in the unknowns and the maps keeps changing .... I put a 8 on 10 ( you got to put times....so good so far."
,Recommended,304650,18772169,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dr. Space Cowboy (Miguel),"Quite a fun game to be quite honest. This is one of those games you can kind of pick up, but even after awhile it still can be a bit hard to get directly back into. I digress. This games mechanics are fun but can be tedious, especially considering that going from one side of the map to the other means just chugging along in your ship hoping nothing bad happens. Here's the list of what I like and disliked about the game.Pros -Very good setting and feeling. Doesn't leave anything out and has a very Steampunk and C'thulhu-esque feel to it. (No C'thulhu though)Dark setting and score separate to each areaQuick to pick up and learn from past mistakesEasy on the computer and doesn't require muchYou can download new missions and things from online communityOverall customisation is fun and easy to work withCons -Very Very unforgiving to new playersLearning curve is more like a straight line and then it stops and becomes another line 500 feet higher and no possible way or getting toThe grindThe chuggingNo fast travelYou will Die a lotI mean A LOTA L-O-TOverall it's a very fun game but can be quite tiresome and monotonous at times and at other times your fun will be abruptly stopped by a random death from some ******* experience.8/10 because of Death and Grind"
76561198024842109,Recommended,304650,23714410,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Yuugal,"I really enjoyed this game.  I thought it was a trading game at first but you quickly get tied up in several sidequests that all pay more than trading does.  It is creepy to sail your little boat around the dark seas, fuel running low, trying to out run some monsters, terror level creeping higher and crewman jumping ship....did I mention the starvation rations and nightmares?One thing that is gonna stick with me:   ""UN. THE SUN. THE S""Team Dawn Machine all the way!"
76561198178716997,Recommended,304650,30090579,Posted: 21 February,all,Alcor,"Played quite a bit of this game over the free weekend - it was hard to put down.The good parts:Exploration is quite central to the game and genuinely rewarding; more so than any other game I've played that rewarded exploration.It runs well, with no hiccups.As long you enjoy reading, you'll love plotlines. Almost every port and every senior crewman has its own self contained story and the game as a whole is very well written.The bad parts:If another enemy starts attacking you while you are already in battle, the game does not allow you to attack the second one after killing the first. I ran into this bug twice.Fighting is rather bland honestly.The game can be extremely punishing without manual saves.The journal is terrible; note down your objectives yourself instead of relying on it."
76561198018199406,Recommended,304650,28830813,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Katamariguy,Selling people's souls to demons from hell is one of the least bizarre things you can do in this game.
76561198186946601,Recommended,304650,26041235,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Bobmech,"A game with exceptional writing, music and athmosphere."
76561198079221824,Recommended,304650,17884196,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DefiantShade,"A unique adventure featuring many well written stories. While early game play may be frustrating, it becomes quite rewarding. Be prepared to lose several Captains along the way.."
,Recommended,304650,33593296,Posted: 16 July,all,razordaze,"Rich and immersive in story and theme, this is the naval legacy roguelike you never expected to consume you like a hungry zee-beast."
76561198036999297,Recommended,304650,27395007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yapalak,"This game has magic and stardust in it. Feel free to give it a go if you like to read long texts, feel shaken and have a good night full of feelings. I totally recommend Sunless Sea for its content and lore."
76561198006626067,Recommended,304650,26032461,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ven (Althurus Vendrius),You will never forget the ZEE.The music or the locations.
76561198067372342,Recommended,304650,20105019,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheD3rp,"I will start off by saying this game is not for everyone, if you like your games fast paced and action packed this is definetly not for you. I will also add that upgrading your ship with better weapons and equipment is not neccesary either- in fact I'm growing quite attached to my Slyph as of right now. This game's focus is on the story and the lore you can gather, don't grind and instead focus on the stories you discover in your travels across the Unterzee, this will give you the best experience you can have with the game. As I said, this game is not for everyone, maybe you will enjoy it maybe you won't, different people have different tastes."
76561198034097738,Recommended,304650,14554308,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nox the Unseen,"Sunless Sea is less of a game and more of an interactive story, what with the writing that can be described as some of the best I've read and a world that is interesting, deep and ever changing, which makes me come back to it over and over and over.The gameplay is a bit... lacking, but the world more than makes up for it with a large amount of quests to do and goals to complete and a world filled with islands to explore.While I do recommened this game, it does come with a bit of a problem, as some might find the lacking of gameplay and an over-abundance of story and reading a turn off of the game, but that hasn't stopped me from playing it."
76561198078920820,Recommended,304650,27310992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,protopostokolo,"Well, finally this game is balanced out.Played it since early access, struggled with some grinding gameplay that tears down your interest. For now eventually those things are adressed and the game is much less tedious and much more enjoyable. However, it is still not a pick for everyone, but if you could tolerate some less than optimal UI and repetative\meditative kind of flow for some amazing storytelling and narration - it delivers."
76561198027375029,Recommended,304650,14237052,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AVP2000,"Sunless Sea is very fun survival/exploration game set in the same universe as the amazing browser game Fallen London. The unterzee is really a strange and ominous place, full of pirates, rats, drowned people and a bloody mountain that can move. One of the most fun things in sunless sea is just exploring. Though the game isnt without problems. Not much is explained and few hints are given on what to do and where to go. It is extremely frustrating to get a quest and not have any idea where to go to find an item or Island. But all in all Sunless Sea is a very fun game."
,Recommended,304650,14237776,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Major Horrigan,"As the 66.6 hours of gameplay suggest this game is not only quite entertaining but also thouroughly EVILYou will zail across the uncharted depths of the underzee and encounter a wide variety of peculiar individuals and societies, practicing strange rituals and worshipping ancient and mysterious godsPursue the calling of your destiny, be it riches, fame or a desire for illumination of secrets left in the dark for too long, while you desperately cling to what little sanity you have left and pray to Salt, that your coal  will last, until you get to the next port.Intriguing tales of exploration, dark enigmas, foreign places and exotic treasures  lay in wait, for any Gentlewoman or man willing to risk life, soul and soundness of mind in pursuit of their desire. A traveller might also encounter a wide array of peculiar personnages of often questionable and sometimes royal descent from fiery anarchists to solemn clergymen.Thankfully a captain in waiting does not have to face the unknown hazards of the underzee alone. Fallen London attracts haunted and hunted individuals like a corpse draws flies and some of them might be willing to offer their services in exchange for passage or refuge on your vessel. A cautious traveller should keep in mind however, that they may hide obscure mysteries of their own. Being persistent he or she could perhaps reval more and find greater companionship or even fall in love.Can't you hear the subdued whispers of the Zee calling to you in your dreamz?TLDR:interesting game, very rich in story and atmosphere, a little simplsitic but still great artstyle, at its best renminiscent of H.P. Lovecrafts Dreamland Storiescan either be played as hardcore permadeath roguelike or more casual with saving to experience the storyon of the (few) better examples of how to do early access properly for that matterIf you like steam punk/victorian/weird tales style writing, dont mind (or like I do actually appreciate) text heavy narrative in games and enjoy a dash of old school Pirates you will probably enjoy this gamealso, if you ever get invited to dinner by somone at Failbetter Games I would decline ... I hear they eat people"
76561198042219002,Recommended,304650,29999570,Posted: 17 February,all,ChugiakJr,"I would highly recommend this solely on how well the game is able to pull off a wide variety atmospheres depending on the state of your ship, crew, and captain and where you are at.It also has beutiful art and very well written stories, dialogue, and descripions. These make the strange and bizzare world the game takes place in captivating and impressiove.Though the games has quite a few flaws that I personally am not incredibly bothered by but the same may not be true for others. The game can get repetitive quickly at which points it seems to encourage doing the near exact same thing repedeatly. Another major flaw is that the naval combat is rather slow and clunky, with most of the interesting things you can do are prohibitivly expensive such as using flares to tracks enemies, forcing monsters to surace with disgusting fish, or performing fuel and ration consuming manuevers and ambushes.All in all though I suggest you try the game and I hope you like it."
,Recommended,304650,12606204,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,WabiWasabi,"Sunless Sea has a lot going for it. Fallen London is a great setting - think Dunwall meets Neverwhere - and the Underzee is beautifully rendered in game with a muted palette of dim greens and blues. The soundtrack is a perfect match for the eerie setting, full of mournful bells and haunting echoes.The gameplay falls somewhere between “rogue like” and “choose your own text adventure.” Everything moves along at an intentionally slow pace, and the emphasis is squarely on stories over action. Sunless Sea isn’t about a single, unified story or plot line, but rather about experiencing (and collecting) individual macabre vignettes.There’s a lot of text in Sunless Sea, and if there’s one place where the UX feels a bit cobbled together, it’s in the way that you read and navigate through story choices. Tiles can clutter the screen, text may expand in-line while the panel auto-scrolls back to the top, and “notification” events butt up against story text. In a nutshell, text interactions generally feel like viewing a mobile-friendly web page in IE6.Fortunately the content itself is great. Stories are creepy and foreboding without being cliched, and they’re often tantalizingly incomplete. When a delightful little shiver runs down your spine after a particularly morbid episode, that’s Sunless Sea is at its best.Where Sunless Sea is often *not* at its best is in the gameplay mechanics that glue these story fragments together. The economy that restricts exploration is unforgiving, and not in a way that necessarily enriches the experience. “Don’t Starve” and “FTL” can both be quite harsh, for example, but they’re certainly never boring. In contrast, there’s an element of repetitive grinding in Sunless Sea as you stockpile enough resources to make your next push further into the unknown.Of course the exploration needs to be throttled somehow, both to let that anticipation (and dread) build, and to make achieving the far reaches feel like a true accomplishment. But spending 20-30 minutes shuttling back and forth along the same “milk run,” slowly stockpiling resources for each potentially exciting voyage into the unknown is too much tedium for such an otherwise charming game.Sunless Sea is nearing the end of its Early Access life on Steam, and most of the scheduled updates before going “live” are focused on adding more great content (islands, stories, items, etc.) to the Underzee. Here’s hoping that there’s also some time left to tune some combination of the economy, navigation, and death/legacy mechanics to enable a more seamless, less repetitive gameplay experience."
,Recommended,304650,34876809,Posted: 10 September,all,PimpMyWiki,"Great narrative ""game""... easy and tedious combat.. I only wish it had a way to speed up the passage of time while moving between ports of call, and more info on ports outside of vising them (atleast AFTER you've visited them to see what they've to offer in terms of shipyard/shops etc)... Trade could be made more viable for sure, given the high cost of upgrading your ship... Can recommend if you're into games for the ambience or Zen relaxation, because you'll need loads of patience."
76561197978864955,Recommended,304650,33186212,Posted: 3 July,all,Toriessian,"I have seen the horrors of the Guinea Pig/Rat wars. I've been chased and almost killed by a flock of harmless looking blue birds. I've sold souls on the black market...Great Game!Pros:Good graphicsGreat story if you're willing to read. Theres a lot of reading...Music really fits the genreGood variety of officers for your ship, each with a storyCons:Its a slow game, if you don't like reading you'll hate this game...If you need a prefilled map that tells you where your objectives are this isn't for youFighting other ships is too easy. The monsters are far far worse though"
,Recommended,304650,33269280,Posted: 5 July,all,Friedegg Niichte,"In order to prosper in an underworld ridden with darkness would require immense perseverance and great tenacity, both from the captain and his/her/its ship. A wonderfully eerie world to explore, with many bizarre and otherworldly locations to discover in the wide, dark unforgiving zee. Meeting strange, yet memorable characters from places far off. Men made from clay, people in bandage, people with faces of squid. SQUID ! Gothic atmospheric game at its best. The writing and exploration sells.However, no game is free from criticism nor flaws. A key component of games in general is the challenge. Challenges both motivates and puts off those who dared to face them. Large learning curve that is very difficult to get out of when supplies are low and safety is far and few between, with hostile ships and beasts lurking near ports, making it a hassle to get in and out of places without a few dents on the newly repaired ship. It would be a miracle to see my ship's engine not going up in flames (for the 5th time) trying to evade enemies that would make a quick snack from me and my crew. But let's not forget the game's major selling point is its difficulty and death is an opportunity for leaning from the mistakes made that resulted in my swift demise.Combat is in my opinion, a primary component of the game,but lacks every aspect of the thrills of danger when you are met with a predictable AI and often a minuscule reward for fighting tough enemies. Not much variation in enemy types or the means to end their miserable existence. Even the best gun that money can buy from the bazaar cannot satiate my hunger for blood of creatures that swam in my way. It is very capable of leave corpses and debris in my wake, albeit in a dull and tedious manner. Avoid combat as much as humanly (and humanely) possible, as the risk-reward does not worth the cost of ship repair, and to repeat myself, the reward gained from a defeated enemy does not worth the risk and the danger I have put myself through. A good rule of thumb is to assume everything that floats in the zee is hostile. Even the islands. Turn your lights off if you spot a ship armed to the teeth. Darkness is both the bane of your existence and your ally. Evasion is highly recommended for every threat, even the smallest like pirate ships and crabs.To conclude, a very atmospheric game set in a bizarre world where death is imminent, but serves as a mild inconvenience. Combat is lacking, but sufficient. The untold horrors awaits in the darkness is what keeps me up at night (playing). Would continue playing regardless of my standings with the game and highly recommend buying if the game is on sale."
,Recommended,304650,27095805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sboyette,"If you like Fallen London, then Sunless Sea is probably the game you've been wishing someone would make.If you don't like Fallen London, then we can't be friends."
,Recommended,304650,21334153,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TheSheWolf48,"While somewhat repetitive in its gameplay, I highly doubt any two playthroughs of this game will ever be the same. Placement of islands change, goals change, officers change, the zee changes. Playing this game for the first time sucked me in and didn't let me go. I just had to keep playing. I had to discover more, had to fulfill more achievements.  Player choice definitely matters here. Highly recommended."
76561197993745982,Recommended,304650,35372107,Posted: 1 October,all,Ephemeron,You have been poisoned. The antidote is somewhere inside this game. Find it.
76561198001530298,Recommended,304650,14320040,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,spook,"This is one of the most unique and interesting games on Steam at the moment. It's a strange blend of Sid Meier's Pirates and a Lovecraftian Zork, but it all comes together in the best possible way. The writing, in particular, is stellar, and often find myself lingering over the odd passage or description. The graphics are stylish and grim, perfectly suited for the underworld setting. There are elements of humor, mystery, and even some interesting social interactions in addition to an engaging trade system, and a moderately-entertaining combat system.Good luck, delicious friend!"
76561198008748490,Recommended,304650,14332849,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,MobySlick,"Great game! It makes you keep playing just a bit longer. Really interesting, macabre, and often morbidly humorous. Lucky 13 hours in and I have yet to explore half the map. There's a lot to discover and do. I do recommend reading some of the community guides as it can be very enlightening and helpful. Risk is rewarded, don't play this game timidly and you'll have a terrific time."
,Recommended,304650,29970688,Posted: 16 February,all,Yehoshua,I love this game. There's something really satisfying about captaining your own vessel and exploring this haunting yet colourful world. I just want to go deeper and deeper into the Fallen London universe.
76561198007655914,Recommended,304650,26022793,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Brod,Bought it on sale and was very happy with what I got. This is a game that can be sat and played for hours and hours (assuming you figure out what your doing). It does have a steepish learning curve as you get your bearing. Otherwise it is a pretty good game.
,Recommended,304650,16934116,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,LA,"Sunless Sea's wonderful storytelling, music and style keep me sailing through the dark seas (zees) of madness.It's got:an FTLish, rogue-like universe to explore and be horribly dismembered in.a learning curve that will punish your initial failures with chaos and death.a wild and dreamlike tale that will keep you coming back to see how it ends...if you can survive...Sunless Sea shows what a small team can do with a good idea and clever writing.  Get it."
76561198141859533,Recommended,304650,15732422,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,mudnutz,"if you like to read(which i do) it really is one of the best games i've ever played, if you dont like to read, dont get it."
76561198107057700,Not Recommended,304650,16373919,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nimeton5,"Good atmosphere, reasonable game-play, but the trade system is so poor that the game is largely unworkable."
,Recommended,304650,23880286,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Тагир Маджулов,"October 15th. 1890 ""Something forgotten is here""OH SHI~ FULL FORWARD!"
,Recommended,304650,29860443,Posted: 11 February,all,Mayu The Kitsune,You can indeed go insane and eat your crew 10/10
76561197980745911,Recommended,304650,26021671,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Frozen_Thumbs,"One of the most original experiences in modern day computer gaming I've every been subjected to. The music is absolutly spot on, and the story is so far out unique I lay in bed at night trying to imagine the Unterzee."
,Recommended,304650,26112659,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,KRAMPUS,"I didn't know what to expect when Sunless Sea came out last year, but the writing, tone, and universe sucked me in. Now that Zubmariner is out I'm losing myself to it all over again.This game isn't an action game. It's kind of a slow burn, thematic, choose-your-own-adventure game with Roguelike elements to it. It's not for everyone, but it is utterly unique and I love it.Lose your mind, eat your crew. Good luck, delicious friends."
76561198040122050,Recommended,304650,26006332,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Pop Culture Reference,"Haven't played it much yet, but I ran out of fuel and food, so obviously my only solution was to make a blood sacrifice out of two of my crewmates. Got fuel and food from Khorne or something, and went on my merry way. 10/10 would sacrifice crew to Khorne again."
76561198059972106,Recommended,304650,26000634,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[3MR] chazamon,"Fantastic game, great learning curve, each time you fall to the terrors of the Zee you learn and improve. If I was being ridiculously picky, a bigger map would be good, but aside from that I highly recommend this game 9/10."
76561198009969882,Not Recommended,304650,26278709,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,gthornley,"Very frustrating, grinding for hours and hours just be killed by some random stupid event. Seems to have substantial balance issues .. very slow to start. It feels like I needed to grind for 20-30 hours until I could simply afford a bigger boat. Gave up with it. Not recommended. Maybe just not my thing."
76561197986557744,Recommended,304650,20258292,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,F.HA,great fun to play... like it. nice dull atmosphere!
,Recommended,304650,11522005,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Zarkonnen,"Some years ago, London suffered a bit of a cataclysm and fell into massive underground caverns filled with weird stuff. Sunless Sea is a roguelikelike where you play as a captain on the underground sea - or ""zea"", as the game insists on spelling it.The game's in early access currently, and I'd been aware of it for a little while but put off by the price tag. Ultimately,a preview video by Stuff+convinced me to give it a try.In the game, you steer your ship between islands in the sunless sea. You are trying to become wealthy, or gather stories and artefacts to improve your abilities and advance the game's plot. Resources are scarce: you need fuel for your ship and supplies for your crew. And every second out on the open ocean increases the terror meter as you and your crew slowly go mad from fear.This means you die quite a lot: eaten by monsters, cast adrift by a lack of fuel, killed by mutineers. When that happens, you can retain some things for your next game - more if you got around to making a will.On the islands, you can pursue various stories, which have frequent checks against your (somewhat esoterically named) skills. There's a lot of writing here, which is unsurprising given that this game is an offshoot from the storytelling gameFallen London. Apart from the stories, there is trade, exploration and some (fairly simple) combat.VerdictSo is it any good? It's quite fun, it's beautiful, the setting is good, the mechanics are solid. My main gripe is that your ship movesvery slowly, combat is repetitive, and opportunities for earning cash are thin on the ground, so you spend a lot of time just steering your ships and doing trivial fights on autopilot. One can hope that this can be ameliorated somewhat by the final version, but I worry that this kind of grindy gameplay is intentional."
76561198068177616,Recommended,304650,11514808,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Spooky,"Great game, alot of fun! Can't wait for full build but I think they did early access really well. Its not 100% completed yet but it is in late beta and has more then enough content to stand on its own."
,Recommended,304650,26469538,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TURBULENT,"Deep dark steampunk fatasy based on alternative what-if history of Victorian England: What if Queen Victoria sold the city of London to lovecrafrian gods? Full and interesting, fun or sad stories, full of adventures.It is not a friendly-to-noob game, and definitely has a steep learning curve. Still, it is worth invest some time for grinding."
,Recommended,304650,14605153,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,kyroshill,"This game is annoying...This game is disturbing....This game is sometimes absolutely disgusting....The learning curve will make you want to quit at first (but the warning is there.... you are gonna die!)And I can't stop playing...The writing is intriguing and does a nice job of bringing the Unterzee to life. The music and sparse, dark, suggestive graphics only improve this surreal facade. You will try to remain light.... but soon, you are eating your crew... sometimes before you HAVE to...The storylines are long and challenging.... not easy to spam your way through most of them... I currently have 2 storylines that are stuck for me because I need to upgrade my ship... NOT a frequent occurrance...PROS:MusicDark graphicsEven darker storylinesSeemingly endless possibiltiesDeep and rich background story previously developed through another game (Fallen London)CONS:Where did my life go??10/10"
,Recommended,304650,26884663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gnomy Ninja,"I read, i die, i read again. Great game10/10"
76561197977879276,Not Recommended,304650,30268479,Posted: 1 March,all,lobotomizedgoat,"The content is wonderful; the stories, the choices, the visuals, and the audio all combine to form a rich, atmospheric world.  Unfortunately, the core content (the stories and choices) are delivered at the pace of a growing stalactite.  Travel is slow, storage is limited, actions are limited, gains that progress the stories are meager, and direction is light and inconsistent.  The synergy of the game's world-building content is only surpassed by the synergy of the game's mechanics at turning the affair glacial.  The psychological horror of Sunless Sea is not in the stories it weaves but in the player's realization of how long it will take to reveal them.You now have 1x A negative review.You have gained 5x TerrorThat's all for now."
76561198000735828,Recommended,304650,25991685,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Blackmagemerc,Difficult but enjoyable Lovecraftian game. Hard to stay sane and profitable...
,Recommended,304650,26534280,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sausagetalk,"Alright, first things first: I overall reccomend this game. I know that should be obvious from the big thumb, but this review will contain a good amount of complaints as well.Sunless Sea is a rogue-light game that relies heavily on story to carry itself. Good thing for the game that it's story absolutely does carry it. I found myself constantly losing track of time just because I wanted to read the next snippet. Every island has its own story, and there's an incredible amount of lore to explore. I can't really put it into words just how great the story of this game is.The soundtrack is fantastic. Every haunting melody and tune really adds to the terror of the exploration and feeling of impending doom. Every area of the map has a unique tune that fits perfectly.The combat is simplistic, to be put bluntly; but it gets the job done. It doesn't really have anything interesting to it, though. If you're against a monster, you backpedal and shoot. If you're against a ship, you pull up behind it and stay there as long as you can while shooting. It's not really exciting, and fighting ships isn't even really worth it(The loot they drop is often worth less than the combined fuel, food, and terror you wasted fighting them).Here's where the negative comes in... The game is agrind. It's amassive bloody grind. At first, you'll enjoy sailing the zea and collecting stories along the way. If you're fortunate, like me, you'll quickly get into the groove of it(After a couple of deaths) and be able to turn a small profit while slowly progressing the stories. If you're not, you'll be spending your first several runs of the game dying slowly from a lack of funds(Seen quite a few complaints of this).However, The real problem comes in the fact that everything after your first steps seems to be made soley to waste your time. It's almost like the devs thought ""We don't have enough story! We need to pad out the game so it takes longer to reach it!"" I made the decision to attempt one of the ""secret"" endings, and one of the requirements was to deliver over 600 boxes of supplies to an island, and I could only carry 50 at a time, maximum, and each trip would take several minutes. This means the game basically wasted an hour of my time delivering boxes.Does the game have flaws? Yes.Would I still reccomend it? Hell. Yes. But only if you've got the patience for it."
76561198027943760,Recommended,304650,26469814,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TopTen,"Like:Lots to do,Never know whats gonna happen.Dislike:Slow"
,Not Recommended,304650,16472197,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,proof,"This game was a surprise to me and generally quite a lot of fun on my first couple of runs. The game plays out fairly casually and has a nice ambience to it. This game has a major issue however, as I am sure many other reviewers have mentioned. It is far too slow. Now I imagine the game was made slow deliberately to add to the atmosphere, but after playing a couple playthroughs this becomes painful. This game NEEDS A SPEED UP BUTTON. An optional X2 or X5 option would be great to cut down on pointless travel time. Once you've played through the map and discovered what this game has to offer, plodding around for 5-10 minutes to get to a destination is utterly pointless and makes me hate this game. If this game had a speedup button I would probably give it an 8/10 but it's become so frustrating that I cannot recommend it until they add one."
,Recommended,304650,15674652,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Teatime,"I died a lot. Wondered if I should stop playing. But a week later I figured maybe I'd learned enough to stay alive for a while. It's actually not that hard. This game is really fun if you:* Run away (use the extra fuel to the boiler)* Buy extra fuel (see point 1)* Explore everywhere* Click cautiously, if there's a red ""no way"" you probably don't want that option unless you want to die.* But DO click. If there's nothing warning you away, click it. See what happens. A lot of the random encounters are directly positive or unlock ways to get more cash, fuel & supplies.* Play slowly and pay attention. I recommend getting a cup of tea before playing."
76561197987822624,Recommended,304650,29893783,Posted: 12 February,all,jlvegas1,"Sunless Sea kept tantalizing me with its style and uniqueness, but I waited to take the plunge (sorry) until it went on sale - mainly because I wondered how long it could really hold my attention. And I was pretty much 100% right; I loved the eerie and deep Fallen London atmosphere, had some gloomy fun for a few days, and then I was done. It gave me the same kind of experience as Banished: you play a few times to get the feel, a few times to get good, you have one really good long game... and then something unexpected and horrible happens, and you're left thinking very hard about whether you want to go to the trouble of starting from scratch again. I can't exactly RAVE about Sunless Sea, but it's well done and it's not really like anything else, and I feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198039912497,Recommended,304650,29492516,Posted: 25 January,all,Doctor Plok,"Wonderful setting, atmosphere and story arcs. Relatively interesting resource management. Unremarkable yet entirely serviceable combat. Lovely soundtrack. Rather brilliant RPG mechanics that tie nicely into the many horrific choices you have to make. Something about HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T. Some nice creepy pasta in the location and monster design. More stories seem to be added relatively frequently so there's plenty of new things to sink your fangs into.I will say that the speed of the ships could certainly be increased - I fear that the initial speed of the base boat in particular will put people off. I also didn't particular enjoy having a story arc suddenly blocked off to me because I didn't have the backer dlc,,,which is unobtainable for us newer Sea Captains. Seems rather pointless to have half of a story present when it is impossible for non-backers to complete it. A minor annoyance at best though.But really, this game is all about the writing. It's rare to have a video game with such a delightful use of language. Truly delicious."
,Recommended,304650,31200151,Posted: 17 April,all,Riv@l RI,"Well, this game... yeah, this game... i recommend this game for those who like slow-paced gameplay, storyline, and also insanely regretful ""ends"".(X) Pros- You can absolutely multi-task with this, especially when sailing to somewhere like Port Carnelian as a first stop (for me atleast),- It has slow-paced gameplay, so go on and enjoy some tea and crumpets while sailing through the Unterzee,- The feeling of regret if you lose the game because of a human error is... salty, to say the least,- You can feel the progress,- IT'S A ROGUELIKE!!!- Nice storyline from the developers,- Possibly many more!(X) Cons- Combat is repetitive,- Grinding is an absolute must,- 20 hours recorded? Hah, nope,- Deaths are unbearable,- It varies between Individuals.And that sums up my review. ;)"
,Not Recommended,304650,30215813,Posted: 27 February,all,painedforever,"I tried Sunless Sea on a free weekend. And I'm glad that I tried it.I've played Fallen London (which is the companion browser-based game), and I've played other Rogue-Likes (NetHack, FTL). Rogue-Likes have never really appealed to me, but I wondered if Sunless Sea might pull me in thanks to the storytelling.It didn't.The stories are interesting, and so is the artwork. It's a very compelling game, but not one that I enjoyed playing. Even the short time that I played it was very trying.What bothered me the most, however, was the UI. I have a 15.6"" display, running at FHD. I couldn't quite get the size of the fonts or windows right, so that it was readable, but didn't cover up the game window, and still looked good.I think I'll stick to playing big, dumb games, with big dumb graphics that hit me with ""fun"" right out the door. As nice as Sunless Sea is, I can't muster the patience to play it on my short playing squirts."
76561198009715469,Recommended,304650,16765087,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,keitheppich,"This is a good game, but it is a broken game.It is a exploration game that consists of captaining a ship through the Lovecraftian sea beside Fallen London.  The synopsis of the game is very accurate.  It's a bit heavy on resource management and there is quite a bit of pointless grinding, but it's really fun.  Exploring the sea is challenging, there are always these new shocks and surprises and the game keeps you on your toes.But it's a broken game.  It's broken in that the death of your character can occur in random encounters.  You can build up a captain with 30 hours of sailing in between ports, have a nice powerful ship, and then- bam- random street encounter, he's dead, and all that progress is lost.  There's no way to judge the lethality of encounters, especially encounters in ports, before making a decision.  Hence, death and the loss of the character has this whimsical aspect to it.  It's like getting insta-killed by a monster you can't see.  So, a broken game.  I think the designers wanted something with the lethality of ""Dark Souls,"" maybe.  Who knows?  They screwed up.To play the game successfully, like with ""Dark Souls,"" requires manipulating the game mechanics themselves.  Specifically, figuring out when the game auto-saves and using that to your advantage.  If you die at sea, alt-f4 the game, closing it, opening it again, and then reload the last autosave.It's cheesy.  It's cheap.  It's borderline cheating, but that's how to fix the design flaws.  Once that's done, it's really fun.  So, a B+ game.  Good, but flawed.  With fixable flaws."
76561198053603803,Recommended,304650,23315589,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,urkrod,Game is freaking awesome. Recommended for anyone to like games with heavy story telling
76561198001584085,Recommended,304650,30023331,Posted: 18 February,all,Gextan,"There's so much done right in this game.  It's pretty simple once you get the hang of it (which should take about an hour) but it's really engaging.  Lots of weird goings-on in the world of the game, many of which are humorous, but not usually to the point of becoming stupid and/or annoying.As long as you don't mind reading (because this is mostly a text-based game) any fan of adventure games should do well to check this out."
,Recommended,304650,14395511,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[IG] RedJacket,"This game is the most fun you will ever have in a steamboat, as you will sail around the dark unter-zee, avoiding pirates and gigantic sea monsters, trading resources, battling evil, talking to lots of people and exploring it's sunless waves, discovering enormous fortresses made of ice, fallen stalactite citadels and a floating city founded by Ghengis Khans subterranean relatives. It has wonderful writing which really brings the sometimes horrific events of the unterzee to life, while still adding little bits of humour to keep the game amusing. There's a rather nice system where lots of the ""items"" you gain arent' actually material things, but instead more intangible commodities you gain from your experiences, such as tales of horror/zee stories/recent news, and these can be traded for items or used to unlock options in conversations with the fantastic and excellently entertaining characters. This game has a vast series of random events which will keep every voyage into the unterzee wonderful and intriguing, as well as potentially deadly.You did always want to be a zee captain, didn't you?...Basically just buy it god dammit, best 12 (s)quid i ever spent, already racked up 12 hours in two days, and one of those days was an evening after work."
76561198043111370,Recommended,304650,19894433,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sir. Peter Westmacott,The worthness of this game can not be understated
,Recommended,304650,16608122,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,king,This is a great binge game. Sometimes I love rounding up a gang of merry men and watching them die to an iceberg.It soundtrack and immersion will keep you going for some time. Definitely recommend.
76561198065331494,Recommended,304650,16586680,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Not Bowiespoon,I played as a magical wizard who had the power of reloading his previous saves.
76561198042720319,Recommended,304650,19104946,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TheMadKing,Amazing game!  The graphics were great and the story was very well written.
,Recommended,304650,19107391,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,daftalchemist,"This game takes forever to really get going but that desperate struggle just to get your footing makes the disturbing, eldritch setting all that much more unsettling. The exploration is top notch and the writing is phenomenal. You gleam tiny snippets of information at a time and soon realize the world and its history is enormous and more surreal than you could ever imagine. It's a lot of reading, but the writing is worth it. I'm so hooked on this universe that I've gotten into the browser game Fallen London too, and it's very interesting to explore the Neath at different angles at once."
,Recommended,304650,31748298,Posted: 14 May,all,aRationalMoose,The sea does not forgive.
76561198166548664,Recommended,304650,29661889,Posted: 2 February,all,Curry in a Hurry,"The game is definitely not for everyone. Impatience will ruin the game for you, and if you skip text then not only will you be completely lost, you will have missed the most important part of the game.Setting that aside, Sunless sea is fantastic, and anyone who thinks that video games should be like a choose your own adventure would absolutely love it."
76561198074347988,Recommended,304650,33088016,Posted: 1 July,all,alexander fraser,conslow -still adds to atmospheregoing to need podcast/book/audio book -once you get bored of soundtrack which will take a bitupgrade crawl -most upgrades are useless and git in the way of the real ones but are still funprogood soundtrack -willing to listen to whale I'm not playing the gamegood story -the cons add to the story and this is the backbone of the game if you dont like lovecraft i can only suggest it for the upgrading but if you like dark storey's this game will make you work for itgood atmosphere -I wouldn't say scary but creepy and methodical like you are being sent along a path by a unfeeling god aka the playerupgrade crawl - when you get a real upgrade you fell it it might take you a bit but its goodpower trip - once you are strong you feel good about itlineage- your captains gain something from the privies so you don't feel like you wasted your life when you diepattern recognition -once you know what you're doing you know what you're doingIT DOSENT LIE -when it sees this isn't worth it it's not joking when it seas you will die you will die
76561197970934967,Recommended,304650,11119548,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,GiantPig,It ain't quite done yet... but if you like unfathomable horror... this is the game for you.
76561198024274857,Recommended,304650,11027514,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MD Tron,"This game is really cool, The map could be bigger and I have yet to play enough of the game to figure this out yet, but Random Map Generations would be SO sick!  This game has alot to offer.  Again, bigger map, this game would be 80/100 in my book, small map... even medium... hell they should make it have no boarders... that would be 100/100."
,Recommended,304650,20245753,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mammon's Ultramontane,"In all these years hence recovering from Catholicism, a little game called Sunless Sea has almost convinced me to take up prayer again.To understand how something like this could ever happen, let me spin you a little shanty of perma-death at sea, cannibalism, and the bracing agony of bungled quartermastery that would make Melville, DeFoe, Conrad, and Edgar Rice Burroughs either die of exhaustion from relentless sphincter-clenching or ejaculate to the point of death by dehydration. One of those.I took a shiny, spanking-new Corvette-class ship out to the furthest reaches of the Underzee and surveyed a colony of ape-men building a zeppelin. Something about that must have whipped my crew to an existential frenzy (powered FLIGHT!? We have wandered far from God!) because the next thing I knew I was staring down the grimmest version of a Monopoly opportunity card I've ever seen: a mutiny that, if failed, ends the game, with two choices for quashing it--fighting it out tooth and claw (30% chance to succeed) and administering negotions (18% chance to succeed).Somehow, I survived the rebellion, only to find that the mutineers had a lot of good reasons to die for what they tried to do. I hadn't brought nearly enough supplies to feed even the three surviving, misguidedly-loyal crew members, and no cash to buy more in any nearby port on this bleak♥♥♥♥♥end of cavernous ocean. At this point, the recent purchase of my new ship was looking a little more like a sunk cost for a literal sinking. We crawled back west, toward home, without the crew to move at more than half speed, with the light out to conserve engine fuel despite the roaring dark all around, and were soon forced to stoop to the indelicate task of eating one of the crew to keep what little remained of our wits about us.It became a matter of judiciously choosing where to port next, either at a port I had intended to visit on the first draft of a long-dead travel itinerary to trade a ship component for supplies, or chance a detour that would guarantee one fuel and one supply item for the crew to eat. I chose the latter, unrepentantly brave as always. We coasted into port on fumes and were greeted by the wharfsmen with a single ration for the crew to split, and we cruised in relative half-starved comfort to the next port and took a sweet $250 for the resold ship component, and my horrifying gamble and only day as a competent ship captain was looking pretty good.With restored provisions, we drifted southwest two days, cursing breathily and repeatedly as we desperately steered wide berths around pirates and abyssal crabs, finally chugging into our home port with a fresh salty scent, weeping scars, and ageless nightmares of eyes staring out from the infinite black above, muttering in unpronouncable jargon all the apocryphal horror a gaggle of human craniums could hold before eating a buckshot breakfast.The Admirality was swooned with my descriptions of Monkey Island. With the payout, you better ♥♥♥♥ing believe I bought an expensive townhome and wrote a will."
,Recommended,304650,20031492,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Creamy Memey,I offered one of my crew members to a group of religious cannibals for information regarding my first officers headache. Would haggle again/10
,Recommended,304650,19085502,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Steck,"""Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time."" H.P. Lovecraft"
,Recommended,304650,26217694,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Capt. Daddy,"Set sail to find fame, fortune and to finish my novel.Sailed to the far reaches of the Zee and found it.THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN."
76561198039081639,Recommended,304650,26324637,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,choir_girl320,Sunless Sea will gently wrap you in a warm blanket of beautiful writing. She'll sing you her sea-shanty lullabies and tell you stories of dark depths and faraway lands. And just as you begin to dream... she'll kill your crew and set your ship on fire.
,Recommended,304650,14382722,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheAngryMelon,"I've honestly lost count of how many times I've ran out of fuel, launched lifeboats and died......Not even a kilometer away from London's harbor.It's a fun game, but random map generation will mean you set off to where you THINK an island is, only to realize too late that it's nowhere close and you don't have enough money or fuel to get back.Then you'll die, curse yourself for being an idiot and start up a new game.And do it all again.EDIT:After getting a bit more time into this, I'm pretty taken with it. It's a lot of fun, and the world design is beautiful. Almost every island island I've visited has a story to explore and something to do, and there' something strangely calming about zailing the darkenned waters of the zee."
76561198055576921,Recommended,304650,26045515,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bruno86,"Dear Devs,this game seems to be great. is there a chance it will get a german version of this? im afraid my english is too bad to really enjoy it."
,Recommended,304650,26076721,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Paleoparadox,"A simple game with little complexities that will have tremendous consequences, which will up the difficulty. Witty writing makes for an immensely entertaining and surprisingly immersive gaming experience.I have lost myself for several hours in a row in this game. It is as if an interactive horror novel and Sid Meier's Pirates! had a love-child. A Lovecraftian child.GO PLAY. LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW."
,Recommended,304650,20352528,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Naughtyusername,"A very deep and interesting game. Even after losing on a 30+ hour campeign all i want to do is come back to do better, find more, win."
,Recommended,304650,20380009,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Eash,"Pretty fun, if a bit tedious at times. Much more enjoyable if you play Fallen London."
,Recommended,304650,20815523,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bollocks,"The writing in this game is amazing. The variety in the stories spread across the islands is captivating. Playing Sunless Sea is not dissimilar to getting hooked on a really good book, with the addition of atmospheric music that matches the mood and feel of the game perfectly. Add to this the agonising decision making and the continuous, tempting gambles the game seduces you into (and probably requires) to make progress, and you begin to understand the call of Zee.Is it a bit grinding? In all honesty, yes, it takes a while to re-reach the same place in the/a story after the death of a Captain. That said, the game would lose a lot of the trepidation that makes it so enthralling if the permadeath had no consequences.On a more personal note I am a HUGE fan of the Victorian Gothic styling of the game universe. I don't think this game could have worked as well in any other setting.Once again, the writing is brilliant. It captures the essence of weird horror perfectly. It makes the game unique, eerie and powerful. It drew me in more than pretty much any other game ever has. Go play it."
76561198057918006,Recommended,304650,17428562,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shadowbiscuit,"Allow me to take a moment to describe how wonderful this game is! I don't usually write reviews, but this game has truely captivated me. A stunning finish, intricate story telling, a wealth of detail and imagination has gone into this. A thoroughly enjoyable experience. The world they weave is deep, dark and terrifyingly beautiful. The gameplay is fresh and very well thought out. 11/10."
76561198052507881,Not Recommended,304650,30114318,Posted: 22 February,all,alechutson,"I've never written a review for a game before. But then again, I've never felt so conflicted and annoyed by a game.So much potential. And yet wasted. The writing and worldbuilding is excellent. Simply amazing. Not just Lovecraftian - somebody send China Mieville this game. He'll love it. I was consistently impressed with the ideas colonizing this world and the writing that effectively communicates them. The Khanate. The Demon Duchess. The Sisters of Hunter's Keep. Fantastic atmosphere.And yet. What an incredibly frustrating game. Pretty soon it devolves into grinding and random transporting of objects from point to point. Combat is a joke. The hints of a greater story are tantalizing, but so opaque that you wonder if the writers have any real idea where it's headed.But here's where it lost me. I was willing to waste 13 hours exploring and grinding, but then I randomly returned to port I found out that I had failed to deliver something (and I didn't know there was a time limit) and had upset someone. One random roll to see what happens.I'm dead. That's it. 13 hours of grinding and slowly improving my ship and captain and I'm dead because I lost track of what I was supposed to deliver.Wow. That's . . . . horrible design. Yeah, I could start over with another captain. I don't want to. In fact, the first thing I did was delete the game off my computer and vow never to play it again.Permadeath games are fine, but when you make permadeath the result of one random roll in a dialogue tree . . . . yeah, no thanks."
76561198030756568,Not Recommended,304650,30248062,Posted: 28 February,all,HedonicBro,Games where you die a lot are cool.Games where it takes a long time to do things can be OK.This game is both.  Unfortunately I think it's a bad combination.
,Recommended,304650,26300707,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Si Le Monde!,"Sunless Sea is a choose your own adventure, exploration game. At the beginning of the game you choose the victory condition, and then start exploring. You sail around the map to find islands, complete quest and unlock story. The nature of story is very different than normal development. There is no linear story. When you go to an island the game turns to text-based decision making as the vehicle for the story. Through interactions on the island and choices you make, stories are found. Each “Island story” can be described as modular event, but are all weaved into the story and can influence and trigger other events. More and more is revealed as you visit islands and work towards your chosen victory condition. WHY DOES THIS GAME SOUND SO AWESOME?!There is one problem with Sunless Sea, and this the necessary farming. This disgusting element in the game is the result of resource management. Farming money for food and fuel takes away from the fun of the game, exploration and story. If you are fortunate to start the game well and find some money through various quests you will continue playing the game in fear, remembering those 5 other deaths before this prosperous life.This could be part of the fun of the game, raising money and supplies for an exploration into the unknown to find riches. But for whatever reason, the farming does not appeal to me. However it is not game breaking and sometimes farming expand your understanding of the world. This is important to know as farming might harm your enjoyment of the game as it is a barrier to exploring.Tl;dr: Choose your own adventure by exploring islands in a text-based format, farming can hinder enjoyment of the game because it is a barrier to exploring. Although it is manageable barrier!"
76561198027908354,Recommended,304650,26419590,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,"Racist Chicken ""Bukawk!""","An incredible game. The story's scope is fantastic, titillating you with information, but never dumping it upon you. Your understanding of the characters, their motivation and their goals is hard earned. Definitely the game's greatest strength.The difficulty is hard, but it's very rewarding. When you finally 'break' a playthrough (surpass that invisible line where nothing threatens you) there are still options and choices which can ultimately break you, too. :)The different endings for the game (i.e. how you eventually die) are varied, some are brilliant. All of them feel like they fit the narrative, I don't think I've ever felt cheaped out by one.My one... I suppose it's not really a complaint; It's as big a part of the game as anything else: It is really, REALLY hard to see a well-explored, master of the Unterzee go, and start a new game. I'll probably play it again, eventually, but I feel the need to grieve for my last captain (if he's even really dead).Heartily recommended, over and over again. The content is all absolutely brilliant."
,Recommended,304650,26868999,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Serge Wolf,"I picked this game up while it was originally in Early Access and since then I've found myself coming back to it time and time again. The atmospheric music and enthralling narrative stories I feel are what make this rouge-like game quite amazing. Of course, like many other Rouge-Like games it can be quite honestly one of the most frustrating experiences at the same time as you die again and again trying to learn the mechanics or a series of unfortunate events ruin what would've been an otherwise perfect playthrough.  The game is quite hard, and as far as I've seen it makes an effort to tell you so, and even gives some small tidbits of advice here and there to help the player out.Of course, this can be offset by using the manual save option, that while does lock you out from getting one particular achievement, gives you the security of being able to learn from your mistakes and eventually understand the way the system works.Another downside side is that a lot of the narrative stories lose some of their impact after you work through them once, but there are a great number of them and with the Zubmarnier Expansion pack, a whole new region of stories and environments open up to explore to slightly lessen the impact of repeating the ame stories.I should note that the game's universe is also connected to another game, Fallen London, which is a browser based game with the same tyle of narrative stories, but different playstyle entirely. As a bonus you can connect your accounts between the two games for some small bonuses and extra stories in Sunless Sea.Ultimately, I would say that Sunless Sea is a great game for those that love atmospheric worlds and deeply interesting stories, but if you find yourself easily bored with repeating stories to advance or you find yourself easily frustrated with unforgiving difficulty and certain elements of random chance then I'd recommend getting it on a sale price or letting this one go past your radar."
76561198047676526,Recommended,304650,28996048,Posted: 3 January,all,KnightwhosaysNi,"Have you ever wanted to help a living coral reef commit suicide by chess? What about fighting a ship crewed by thousands of spiders that steal your eyes? Did you read Lovecraft but think, ""Hmm, this doesn't seem nihilistic enough about our place in the universe, I wonder how truly tiny we are compared to the incomprehensible enormity of the universe.""? Look no further friend, Sunless Sea is here for you!The game is fantastically well written and ridiculously creative with its worldbuilding. If you are into unique settings and love to explore worlds with tons of lore, this is definitely the game for that. As an important note, however, that is more or less the only real value to the game, and there isn't much else noteworthy between the blocks of text. If you don't enjoy a good dose of reading, lack a bit of open-mindedness toward video game storytelling, or get bored easily, it would be understandable to pass on it.I would also recommend buying the Zubmariner expansion as it adds a ton more dynamic content and actually makes the intense grinding in the early parts of the game more bearable, and the Immortality quest is much more engaging than the other ambitions.All in all, all shall be well and all shall be well, and all manner of thing shall be well."
,Recommended,304650,20853721,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Manslapper,"This game is bizarre, incomprehensible, and slow. The controls are unintuitive. The combat is sluggish and exploitable. The text values are difficult to understand. The economy is harsh and unforgiving. All it takes is a single dumb, uninformed mistake to lose multiple hours of playtime.None of that matters. This game is simply striking; its world visually gorgeous and atmospherically possessing. No other game has ever felt so immersive to me. The mystery of an oceanic underworld, the camaraderie between crewmates, the thrill of discovering the unknown, the frustration of sudden death, the eerie terror of being alone in a dark and monstrous void, the blissful relief when returning home, the horror, HORROR of witnessing otherworldly events beyond human control or comprehension. It's all so beautiful."
,Recommended,304650,20099492,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tal Beresaad,"I want to like this game, but it's making it really hard.The game is slow. Like, really slow. Everything in this game is slow as ♥♥♥♥. Your ship. Your character progression. Getting money. Everything takes ages. A lot of the time you'll be staring at your screen, while your ship slowly makes its way to the next port, where on arrival you'll do the second major thing this game has to offer: read. Or skip dialogues, in which case you'll mess up your character's future pretty quickly. For your travels you need fuel, supplies and a crew, whose fear level is constantly increasing while you're at sea. This means that you can only be away from the starting location (Fallen London) for a very limited time, before you have to return to resupply and lower fear levels. You can do all of this outside of London but it will be considerably more expensive and getting money is very slow and very grindy.Others have said that the easiest / most effective way to acquire money is to do stories and explore but so far this hasn't been true for me at all. I've explored whenever possible, did all the stories I could, visited ports many times and the main part of my income stems from delivering reports to the admirality and doing smuggling runs, both of which are easy but very repetitive and uninteresting.Combat is somewhat tedious and not rewarding at all, as you'll just get your ship damaged, which will cost you money to repair, and hardly ever get anything good out of it (mind you that I am not very far into the game however).The story and quests are surprisingly well written and manage to turn ridiculous-sounding stuff into an actually compelling universe, that just begs to be explored. The atmosphere is great as well. It's dark, eery and at times macabre. It unfortunately also tries very hard to be PC, which doesn't exactly suit it well but it still works for the most parts. Unfortunately the sheer amount of text, despite being well-written, tends to get annoying as it further slows down a game that already progresses at snail speed.Now, I honestly wouldn't mind the game's being so slow if I knew that my progress actually meant something. The thing is, it's a roguelike (or -lite, I guess) and you can die at any time, pretty quickly and lose pretty much everything you've done in hours of creeping the Underzee. The game tries to mitigate this with a system that lets future captains inherit some of the things your - now probably dead - previous captains possessed, which in itself is a great idea. The problem is that it's far too limited and requires ♥♥♥♥♥ons of effort to even get anything useful to the next game. To get any sort of money to your next character you have to craft heirlooms and write a will, the former requiring lots of materials that are hard to find. The heirlooms are also limited and in terms of stats only a very limited amount of selected stats will be transferred. It all makes sense in game and is fairly well thought out but it still doesn't make up for losing hours upon hours of progress and having to start all over again, reading the same texts, facing the same challenges, having to grind money again and so forth.TL;DREh... Maybe I'm just being a crybaby over all of this. Honestly, if I were in a different mood I might actually enjoy this game quite a bit. It's basically an overlong, interactive book (a quite decent one at that), I just wish the gameplay parts would make up for the massive amounts of text and not slow the game down even further. If you want stuff to happen in your games, see your character's progress and actively do stuff, don't buy this game. Or bring a lot of patience, because if it actually changes mid- to late game, you still have to get through many hours of slow grinding before you get to the actual cool bits.If you are up for a book in disguise, that lets you do stuff sometimes and don't mind repetitive tasks, this game is for you. The atmosphere is great, the world is interesting, the game is well-written, it looks nice, it sounds nice and is basically a romantic sailor's dream (or nightmare) come true.Can't really give a recommendation or not, it simply depends on what you're looking for in this game.Oh, also the soundtrack is absolutely brilliant. Unfortunately it doesn't play all that often."
76561198023431187,Recommended,304650,17907715,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Stucky,A Zailer went to zee zee zee to zee what they could zee zee zee...
,Recommended,304650,18154172,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Basically Jesus,"It's weird, it's fun, and it has way more content than you think it does. Try it out."
,Recommended,304650,17903071,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Carlos Danger,Lovecraftian...but with a hint of silliness and black humor. I want to say Welcome to Night Vale meets D&D or something of the sort. Great game if you take the time to read the text.
76561198080158196,Recommended,304650,17968259,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Transcendent One,"A story as thick as the fog of the Wolfstack docks.I really really have to recommend playing this without looking up spoilers; it is a game that only works with your sense of wonder intact, your hunger to explore unstatisfied and your paranoia that something horrible is coming for you with every decision at full force.Best game I've played all year. Utterly brilliant storytelling and setting. And totally not for everyone.If you enjoy games that focus more on story than on gameplay, more on setting than on graphics and more on immersion than convenience, this is absolutely the game for you. But I can absolutely see how people might hate this game - it's slow, you'll spend probably more than half the game 'just reading text' and it is not easy to figure out how things work, you more or less have to make your own mistakes.As said, best game I've played all year... And one of the best settings I've ever encountered. Also, if you want more of fallen london and the dark, wide zee, I'd recommend you check out FBG's browser game 'Fallen London'."
,Recommended,304650,18594670,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,infinite regrets,"Pretty much a slower FTL, with more RPG elements to it and better graphics/more artsy. By slower, I meant that I was doing other things while playing this game. Good game though 7.5-8/10."
,Recommended,304650,19190268,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Shotgun Teddy,"I like this game, a lot, I just wish I could play it. I've spent 40 minutes dying 3 times. Different captains and everything. Maybe I just dont get it? Seems like there isn't a way to make money or purchase fuel or supplies. Fuel and supplies cost an outrageous amount of money, and you get missions but nobody seems to be able to tell you where anything is? They know there's a place called so-and-so yet no one can give you even a slight clue as to what direction you should take... I'll just have to keep playing until I can figure it out."
76561198005147783,Recommended,304650,30054635,Posted: 20 February,all,Tabzy,Loved it until I'd discovered everything then got bored. I don't know if i'll ever play it again.
76561198022686928,Recommended,304650,16261405,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Glascow,"""Zafe Zailing in the unterzeeeeee"" is not so zafeSunless Sea has managed to do what many games fail to do. Learn about my true nature and ambitions.I've smuggled contraband, left a few people to their doom, have taken many risks for profit, and helped the unfortunate only to get screwed in the end.STORY- There are no true handouts in this game including the story. Every snippet or rumor you learn as you explore lets you decide how the world and its inhabitants have come to be. Spoiling the story for you would be a sin.SOUNDTRACK- My god do the composers who assisted this game know how to instill tension when you enter where no man should, or the glorious music of civiliZation when nearing a port. 10/10GRAPHICS- Man do I love me some hand drawn♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMEPLAY- Choices and chance. Although Sunless Sea's combat is very cut and try, every interaction has the chance for great gain or utter tragedy. Telltale could really take some notes from this game.PROS--Choices matter-Tons to explore (You will need multiple playthroughs to trully discover the world of Sunless Sea)-Realistic romance on the sea (Fraternizing with an officer at sea was secret and hushed for good reason)-Very challenging-Lots of questsCONS--Combat is cut and dry-Farming money takes a lifetime (Literally)-Officers could use more plot development-After many replays, you feel you're repeating the same actions your previous captains didCONCLUSION-I highly recomend playing without a guide or wiki your first 10 hours. Learn a little about yourself before satiating your desire to learn everything about the world.""Wager your pride and have manners."" Most of all, respect for the zea."
,Recommended,304650,20810172,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Skooma Lover,Delightful Lovecraftian roguelike-like with a strong focus on the story.
76561198035021350,Recommended,304650,27045491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krabby,"Probably the best-written indie game I've ever played. Amazing world to explore and re-explore. Dialogue options feel heavy of consequences, unpredictable yet sensical. The atmosphere draws you in entirely. In my top 3 favorite indie games of all times."
76561198135671993,Recommended,304650,30048657,Posted: 19 February,all,Delta67,"Fascinating and captivating narrative game indeed. Just be sure to have some background knowledge of Fallen London universe 'cause that is what this game based on, and don't expect something like Uncharted Waters."
,Recommended,304650,34228072,Posted: 13 August,all,Icyblade45,"VEeeeeery slow movement, hate that, but the rest of the game is very nice"
76561198020292707,Recommended,304650,20816384,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,[UP] Cedric,"Oh by god, I am so glad I life nowhere near the sea..."
,Not Recommended,304650,30000776,Posted: 17 February,all,Wandering In Fog,"I agree with basically what everyone else is saying. I love this feel with the long narratives and the sea air, but this game is grindy and the rewards don't out-weigh the risks most of the time. The enemies should level up with the ship, in order to encourage exploration, rather than trying to outrun a 1000hp sea monster with my hull at max 2. Another thing, I couldn't tell what was a bridge and what wasn't. First time I tried going under what seemed to be a bridge and I get damaged, later I go all the way around a structure to find out later that it was a bridge I could go under... Cool game, but definitely needs some work. Definitely glad I didn't pay for it and only had it for the free weekend."
,Recommended,304650,14393292,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Prey Acorn,HELP ME IM STUCK IN SOME WEIRD TUTORIAL PURGATORY
76561198026873914,Recommended,304650,21784005,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"A narrative-based roguelite.How often do you hear these words mashed together?The successor to the highly-entertaining story-focused browser game Fallen London, Sunless Sea focuses on exploration- and quest-based narrative progression, with smaller commerce and combat elements added in for good measure. I can't really say much without spoiling the fun for this hilarious victorian-gothic underworld. If you like good writing, exploration and atmosphere, you will be well-served here. If you're here for a commercial ship or ship combat simulator, you're liable do be disappointed.My only criticisms are that the whole sailing aspect feels like a timesink between the game's story bits, and if that irks you, you should just go play Fallen London, which is Sunless Sea without the sailing."
76561197998165492,Recommended,304650,14352662,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Witty Name Here,"Day 137, We have been too long at sea, directionless in the dark. The men have broken into the hold, into the mirrorboxes. The sunlight has scarred their faces, scarred their minds. After a day they started screaming, voices from below, eyes in the dark. Now they chant, ""SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE,"" never ending. They grow quiet now, sounds of activity beneath the foredeck, my officers and I are barricaded in the engine room, least it dies and we are lost.Sunless Sea is a game of stories in an atmospheric setting. You captain a ship with a simple goal, explore, try to survive. From port to port and story to story you gain officers along the way, each with their own reason to go to sea. You learn of the larger politics of the Unterzee, from Fallen London, to the Khanate, to the Dawn Machine. As you gain wealth, power and secrets you too will become a player in the great game.You will learn first hand, in the sunless sea where the dead never die, no words are lost."
76561197972441544,Recommended,304650,30060467,Posted: 20 February,all,Valric,"I really enjoyed my time playing this game. The game was challenging, but quite satisfying with all the beautiful artwork and music. There was no nearly enough of a tutorial or tooltips to explain what each item or event did though. Constantly running ou of fuel was obnoxious as well. Very fun though! I will probably wind up buying it sometime soon."
,Recommended,304650,14357265,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nirvana,Awesome! Enough said!! Beats all the AAA games i have played in ages.
,Recommended,304650,14357480,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Persephone,"10/10 got to eat my crew.In all seriousness, though.This is an amazing game, definitely GOTY material.If you're a fan of Fallen London, you'll love it for the universe and experience.If you're a newcomer, you'll love it for the madness.Regardless, is good game."
76561198091604584,Recommended,304650,14361081,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,murphdoch,I played this for 50+ hours 6 months before it's release whilst in early access.I have returned and I fear for my lovelife.
76561198020962200,Recommended,304650,14372462,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Flopsidoodle,"Fight sentient icebergs, intervene in a war between rats and guinea pigs or lend your soul to a demonic aristocrat.  These are just some of the things you can do in this wonderfully bizarre offering set in the steampunk nightmare of the Fallen London universe."
,Recommended,304650,15544705,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vedder™,"Holy f**k, this game's narrative is really good! If you like the whole H.P. Lovecraft, Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman style of writing, you WILL LOVE this game.It's a mix of Lovecraft with Pratchett and some steampunk visuals with the feel of Gaiman's Neverwhere London. Like there's a whole civilization on a dimension just below our own.I cannot recommend this game enough, if you like this kind of lore."
76561198103942959,Recommended,304650,30093057,Posted: 21 February,all,RobertRewind,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Drikz9n8ecSo this is a little video of what my first look into the game is. Exploring is definitely part of this game.
76561198035570677,Recommended,304650,15528518,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,homologousRainbow,Rogue-like in a beautiful lovecraftian setting where there's nearly limitless stories to discover. A lot of fun.
,Not Recommended,304650,16985391,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,naroom,"The story and atmosphere are good. It's a lot like listening to the podcast ""Welcome to Night Vale"" -- cool spooky things happen in the game. But that's the only good part, really.The game is terrible about providing the player with goals, direction, or meaningful ways to make progress. Rewards and punishments feel totally random. Learning to survive in the game is pointlessly harsh because of the poor communication; you'll probably need a wiki just to get started.But the game doesn't get any better past the initial learning curve, it just gets grindy. And you will really feel how slow the pace of the game is."
,Recommended,304650,14368261,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sleepwalker (Chaotic_Neutral),Too much water10/10
,Recommended,304650,11247916,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Refolo,"The chilling sound of distant bells rolls over my ragged crew. Their tired faces glance warily into the darkness, apprehending the form of some hideous beast to appear and wreck our vessel. We have been sailing for close to three weeks now, and the mens morale is fading as is our supplies and fuel. I fear we may never reach the shore, and instead be swallowed by the 'Zee, just as it has swallowed our hope and happiness.....I would heartily recommend Sunless Sea.PROS+ Great Atmosphere+ Great Writing+ Sailing mechanics+ Developers are on top of things and respond to commentsCONS- More trading features- A little more to do...just more activities and such- More ships on the Unterzee ( Developer has stated that neutral vessels are coming)"
76561197964626206,Recommended,304650,11193376,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Transientmind,"This game's pretty rad.  It's a very cthuluesque 'Victorian-era London fell out of the crust of the earth when hell-demons invaded and set up beauracracy over the surface and now the survives eke out a living in the murky 'neath' of not-hell,' type setting, expanding on the pretty rad browser-game free RPG 'Fallen London' (formerly Echo Bazaar).Game's pretty decent.  It's an exploration roguelike, charting the 'zee (sea) trying to keep your crew, health, fuel, supplies, and sanity in check while dodging (or farming) unterzee monsters and pirates.  Half the game you'll actually spend rolling dice checks against your stats to extract vital goodies from various events dripping in lore, and the writing's so great and every failure can yield fresh new insight into this rich setting that I don't even get mad on dying.Hardly buggy at all, you can hardly tell it's early access but for certain missing features and stories.  This one's worth watching."
76561197988152187,Recommended,304650,11052052,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DeepSea Spaceman,"I sailed out in to that Sunless Sea with nothing but a hold full of the unquiet dead, when I returned to shore even they had deserted me.The ocean called me back, there were most mysteries I had yet to unwravel and the inky darkness grows larger every day.I heartily recommend a trip out to see for any who fancy themselves a little Roguish."
,Not Recommended,304650,29977615,Posted: 16 February,all,mosquitoLoco,"Whatever you take from the trailer videos, it's not like that."
,Recommended,304650,11297811,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Watermelon Buffalo,"This game caught my attention as soon as it was featured on steam. I never knew about Fallen London until now but i still haven't really looked into the F2P game. Saying that i just want to point out that i love the art style of this game and its story telling is very immersive. But being the early access it is it does lack alot of content. For example, the stories of the officers aren't all quite there. And then there is the map which is unfinished (not a bad thing). But what Sunless Sea does have it's pretty good. Except for the combat which was confusing at first. The music really sets the mood for the place your in which can make you feel safe or put you on edge. What I really want from this game is for there to be more random encounters which makes feel each life different for better or for worse. I also want more stuff to do in this game like missions i have to do for different people at different locations like monster hunting, bounty hunter or helping them sail to a different location. And the rewards would be a discount at shops, echoes (Currency), or a treasure map or something I don't know.I have very high hopes for this game and I feel like it's going to be an even bigger hit than it is now.But if your looking to get this game do some research because I feel this game isn't for everyone.I would also like them to add Trading Cards :)"
76561197997644426,Recommended,304650,14784469,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,larsicus,"This game has captivated me for a few weeks. That's not an easy achievement.It's a fresh new take on the choose your own adventure mechanic with cute RPG elemens.I had a bit higher hopes for the economics simulation going into the game, but after 25 hrs I find the ""real"" purpose of the game (story / cyoa) so compelling that I grind away happily both in Sunless Sea and the Fallen London ""companion"" browser game.One of the best games I've played the last few years, and possibly the best roguelike ever.I even lost my first really long lived captains to a silly overconfident move before writing this review, but I'm goin in again with all I've got as soon as I'm able. With other ""permadeath"" games, that would very often be it for a long while.10/10 :)"
76561198089540919,Recommended,304650,30727389,Posted: 25 March,all,zerowitz,The zee is dark and full of terrors.
76561198030433510,Recommended,304650,25076026,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bauble,"This game is neither as tactical nor as action-oriented as the marketing videos would have you believe, but it's still an excellent game.Very focused on story-telling through text and world-building through diverse and varied settings.The writing is excellent, while the stories are creative and interesting.If you like games that have a great story, I highly recommend Sunless Sea. I just was expecting it to be more tense and gameplay heavy.I say anyone interested in this game should check out the browser-based ""Fallen London"" before buying, since that's what a large chunk of the game is like."
,Recommended,304650,20885594,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Deja Q,What do the zailors zing?Oh gather round me bully boysAnd I'll zing you a zongOf the windless waveless sunless ZeeWhere the mouldy drownies throngHere's to the girls of Mr VeilsHere's to their golden locksHere's to a fight in the moonish lightUnder the Wolfstack docks.Some dream of sun and rain and skyAnd the true wind in their zailsUs Neathy tars won’t swap the starsFor the girls of Mr Veils!From:Fallen London Browser Gamehttp://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/
76561198025748877,Recommended,304650,29862532,Posted: 11 February,all,drpendleton,This game is horrible and I love it. 5/5 hats
,Not Recommended,304650,34572449,Posted: 29 August,all,Cook,"Excellent story and interesting world with tedious gameplayDespite I like the atmosphere of this game and find myself reading the stories with curiosity like I read most of H. P. Lovecraft works (Of course they not as good as HP's work, but they are quite interesting to read) I can't enjoy this game because of its tedious gameplay.TradingFirst of all, I'm not the fan of trading games like ""Port Royale"" or ""Patrician"" because I find them too grindy for my taste and I get bored too quickly. Therefore, this is my first problem with this game because you HAVE to trade goods and find profitable routes to make a profit and keep your crew well feed and your ship stocked with fuel.Of course, you can make profit by selling other stuff that you will find during your exploration but it will be a bare minimum and if you want to buy yourself, a decent ship you have to trade.Eventually, you have to memorize which port sells which goods, how much they cost, where you can sell them to make more profit, and do not forget about other docks that offer you other stuff to sell and buy not for money. Because for some reason there is no way to see that vital information in the game anywhere except in the dock itself, as well as information about docks like can they repair your ship and do they sell fuel and supplies.ExploringThe second thing that I did not like is slow ships sailing and slow game progress. The starting ship is painfully slow and has a very limited space for cargo which is artificially prolongs the playing time. It would be great if the game had an acceleration of time with the automatic pause feature in important situations because you will be using your start ship for a long long time before you can afford something better.However, if you have patience, then this world is quite interesting to explore. Many different places offer a bunch of different text events that, in one way or another can affect the world and as I said earlier, they are interesting to read.Gameplay in generalIn general, I don't think that rogue like gameplay is very good chose for the story driven game because in this game when you die (and you will) you either start all over again or continue to play as successor however in both ways, all of your story progress will be reset.When I bought this game I thought that it will be something like an exploration game with unnecessary trading and trivial surviving, but instead, I got an another trading game in the unusual world which you occasionally can explore, and surviving elements which just slow down your progress because you constantly monitoring the status of your supplies, crew, and money.I wish that there were some story mode, which will allow you to explore the world, complete quests and do other stuff without worrying about your supplies.In the meantime, I'm happy to play in Fallen London:http://fallenlondon.storynexus.com"
,Recommended,304650,22364065,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ThePickOfTheDay,Good if you like story-based games with some difficulty.
,Not Recommended,304650,30533123,Posted: 15 March,all,Zombie.Owl.777,"I love the art style and how unique it is. I am finding it difficult to understand this game, im struggling to work it out."
76561198006911648,Recommended,304650,12519557,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,FizbanTV,"This game is dank. Dark and dank. Mold grows in the shadows as psybocillin laced environmental sounds announce themselves in the void. Although there is much potential, this game is not ready for purchase quite yet. Canons should swivel and the combat effects are garbage. Stories are many and detailed but never change. Also what are we doing here?"
76561198024434999,Not Recommended,304650,26162463,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jatoba Bokken,"As punishing as it is boring.The start of the game is just ♥♥♥♥ing brutal. Your first task is to figure out a postive income stream because your ship is utterly beholden to everything with a bouyant profile. So you find some ♥♥♥♥ing mind numbing task which brings in cash and of course after 4 or 5 trips the game decides yeah, ♥♥♥♥ this guy, let's change up the once reliable narrative and complicate his pitiful exsistance even more. No more cash flow. And all the while you're parading back and forth, at the rate of a dog which has had it's legs cut off, you're getting ♥♥♥♥ed, front to back, with very little romance by the various ""food fuel and terror"" mechanics with which you have to make a Faustian bargain just to last another 5 god awful ♥♥♥♥ing minutes in this relentless and somehow boring hellscape. You wanna run without your ship lights to save fuel? ♥♥♥♥ you, terror is off the charts and now you're having a mental breakdown everytime you close your eyes. Enjoy paying off the interest on that decision, you♥♥♥♥♥♥If you wanna play this game, have at it, I definitely reccomend shoving shards of glass down your urethera in order to relax in between sessions."
76561198043774002,Recommended,304650,11386136,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Num47,I only post a review if a game is worth playing.
,Recommended,304650,18166248,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[TTH]ViolentSleep,I've not logged a lot of playtime in this and I've already:Starved my crew to death.Gone mad and eaten my crew at Kingeater's Castle.Died at Zee because I ran out fuel.Lost a fight with an iceberg.Lost a fight with a ship made of spiders.Lost a fight with a mountain.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of an angry thunder god.Play this game and all shall be well and all shall be well and all manner of thing shall be well.
,Recommended,304650,12695814,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Diabolical_Jazz,"Would I recommend this game?WOULD I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!?It's a Fallen London game! It has boats in it! WHY DON'T YOU OWN THIS ALREADY!? WHAT HAS GONE WRONG IN YOUR LIFE!? WHO HURT YOU!?Seriously though, it's great."
76561198042071764,Not Recommended,304650,16014267,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,garyburns7890,"I really want to like this game. The writing is great, the artwork is great, the very steampunk meets Lovecraft atmosphere is simply amazing. But the gameplay is so boring! Boring to the point of being frustrating; hours of play, multiple captains and $20 later, I still cant figure out where I'm supposed to go. The game ,as of now, has no real navigation system to it, you just seem to pick a direction and hope you have enough fuel and supplies to make it back to port once you realize, there isn't anything in that direction. The game gives little to no indication as to where you objectives actually are other than, ""somewhere near home waters"". Sailed my ship out of fuel a number of times trying to figure out where anything is, and still didn't even chance upon my current objective.Like I said, I really want to like this game, but I wish I hadn't wasted the money on it. Do yourself a favor and wait for the full game to be released, or at least until the devs creat a better way to navigate the zea."
76561198036630763,Recommended,304650,11072863,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Southernswampfrog,"Now, this is the first time i post a review of a game, so please don't be too hard on me, when you disagree with something I write. Still, i hope that you will find my review helpful in deciding about buying this game.Sunless Sea is a game about exploring a world set in darkness, hence there is something creepy about it, though I would not go so far as to call it a horror game. While you explore, you may encounter dangers like giant crabs, corsairs or your own mind, as well as the trouble of running out of supplies/fuel.It is really merciless, unless you play in merciful mode (but who would do that) where you can save manually. The gameplay itself is rather simple, as you mostly drive your boat around on the hunt for new areas and stories, which leads me to the main point of the game: The story and the atmosphere, both supported by the excellent soundtrack and art-style. You feel so immersed in the game that you think you really just went crazy and became a cannibal only to realize moments later that you are sitting in front of your pc, imagining things.All in all a very enjoyable game, though sometimes a little too unforgiving and hard on newcomers.PROS:-creative Story-excellent Soundtrack-fitting art-style-brilliant atmosphere-well designed world, there is always something to exploreCONS:-mediocre gameplay-predictable AI-a little too unforgiving-a little too expensive"
,Recommended,304650,23053702,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,drivetheory,Delightful Experience.
76561198019083379,Not Recommended,304650,30002433,Posted: 17 February,all,Barron-O-Beef Dip,"I really like the cthulhu culture of this game!This would be a great little PRG, But this is a roguelike?After exploring 25% of the map, risking life and limb dodgeing all enemies that could maim me in a cupple hits, I would only receive a small sum of coin once I limp back to bace. Not enough coin to buy any new ship parts mind you, but enough to resupply for another journy. It is so slowly paced and it is like this game wants to punish those that explore. Just the movement speed is so crushingly slow, it really makes me sad..."
76561197971077889,Recommended,304650,14374481,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,elejia,"This game is difficult, beautiful, and very fun. The music is fantastic and the atmosphere is very engrossing."
,Recommended,304650,14458882,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dong,I can slowely feel this game consuming me..... send help
,Not Recommended,304650,20949793,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,M(i)ech,"Don't even approach this game without Notepad++ or Cheat Engine and at least passing understanding of save editing.TL;DR:Have you ever played a browser game where you have limited actions that regenerate every couple of minutes? This is basically what Sunless Sea gameplay looks like. In theory it's about sailing a boat over titular sea filled with dangerous monsters, wondrous islands and terrors beyond comprehension, discovering gorgeous new places and desperately trying to stay alive in face of adversity. In practice... it's about waiting until you reach destination where you can read a page or two and make one choice before waiting again.Summary:boring in default state, but can be modded into a very good game.The good.Writing and World.Writing is excellent and world has very rich lore. Creators had a lot of incredible ideas, and with help of vast vocabulary, executed them very well. Being non-native speaker, despite my demonstrably good grasp of English I had to reach for help of dictionaries very often (this is NOT a complaint, it's a testament to writer's knowledge of English and it's less often used vocabulary). Graphics are great, illustrations presented along encounters are nice if a bit arbitrary, nonetheless they go well with descriptions which range from vividly gruesome to laconically terrifying and sea (referred to as zee) itself is as good as 2D sprites can get. How good 2D sprites can get depends a bit on your mileage, for me lack of 3rd dimension doesn't detract at all.From worldbuilding and artistic standpoint, it's definitely a 10/10.Unfortunately as far as advantages go, that's it.The bad.Combat.Combat is terribly executed - it's either impossible to win because you don't have right gear/stats to beat this enemy, or you have right gear and just do the same thing over and over to blast enemy without risk (hint: kiting).Travel.Travel is slow. Mind-numbingly slow, and as you progress to more powerful engines, it gets only marginally better. Authors claim it's for atmosphere of terror. Except that despite being slow as snail, even the most basic engine can eventually outrun every enemy, so there's literally no danger in combat. Only danger in travel comes from depleting resources (fuel, food and sanity) and random events that occur close to never. Sure, reaching London on last half of a barrel of fuel was a great relief, but that single moment came after trip that took hour or so of transit alone out of which only last minute held any tension at all. Definitely not worth it. It's as if Jagged Alliance 2 devs decided to make everything turn-based instead of engaging TB only in combat and letting players explore locations in real time otherwise (when there are enemies in location, JA2 is RT until you stumble upon them, or until they stumble upon you, then it goes into TB until 2 turns go without any combat or all enemies are killed), JA2 would be pretty much unplayable. Similarly, SS should have had *2 or *3, perhaps even *4 time settings that would automatically disengage as soon as enemy appears on screen or your resources run below certain threshold. Watching boat zail (in-game term) the zee for hours is not fun and heavily discourages exploration.Ugh, I don't know. It doesn't crash inexplicably, controls are responsive, collision detection is fine. 3/10?The Ugly.Currency and economic balance.Your ship needs fuel, your zailors need supplies, if you run out of either, it's game over. If you spend too long in the zee and run out of sanity, it's game over. If you run out of cash to buy supplies it's effectively game over. There's nothing inherently wrong in above, ""imbalance"", now that's what IS wrong. Fuel/Supplies consumption is high and starting boat has very small cargo hold, this means that trade is extremely hard hard or often impossible. Round trip to other edge of map with basic boat, engine and skeleton crew takes full hold worth of supplies, unless you get lucky with map generation, you are not going anywhere in early game. Trade routes available near your (fixed)starting location/(forced)base of operations don't even net enough to cover expenses (with basic cargo hold size). So what are you supposed to do? Explore because admiralty pays echos (cash) and fuel for reports from other ports. Problem is, they pay so little it doesn't even cover expenses. Trying to combine trade with admiralty payouts may net you double digit profit. You need 7000 for boat with bigger cargo hold.Literally your only option to progress in game is to risk everything, fill your your cargo hold with enough food and fuel for a one way trip to edge of map and venture forth, not even thinking about turning back until you reach 2/3 of map, at which point your starting supplies aren't enough to get back. Unless you got lucky and found some supplies, cash, valuable cargo AND place with cheap fuel along the way, you are screwed. That doesn't actually sound bad, does it? Well, what DOES sound bad is the following: if you lucked out and came back, your loot and admiralty payouts may net you as much as 500 echoes after expenses. After an hour or longer trip out of which 55 minutes were spent watching zee go by, and only 5 reading about thrilling encounters. Oh, and by the way, you don't start with enough cash/resources for trip like that, you need to figure something out, sorry.Now you need to do that 20 more times to upgrade and equip your ship. If you die, you start over. If you pick wrong choice in event, you start over. If you misjudge your supplies, you start over. If you lose RGN roll, you start over. If you start over, map is re-generated slightly, but contains all the same locations so unless you progress further than in previous life, you won't see anything new. A bit of your stats or cash carry over from prior life to next one, and there are ways to set up your next Capitan with tiny bit of starting budget, but we are talking about doing exact same thing for 10 hours just to die so you can do exact same thing for 10 hours in next life until, perhaps, after hundreds of hours you eventually get to endgame content. If you play like that you are going to see one, maybe 2 new things in each new in-game life!All in all, tagline of this game is:Lose your mind. Eat your crew. Die.It should be:Lose your mind. Of boredom. Eat your crew. Of boredom. Die. Of boredom.1/10 for balance.The Good. (Again?)That doesn't mean that game is NOT salvageable.Editing either saves or game files to diminish time wasting parts turns Sunless Sea into very interesting experience, and a game definitely worth playing. Exact changes depend on preference, most fair way is to change game constants so that everything runs faster (ships and combat but also fuel/food/sanity depletion) and occasionally edit save to double/triple profit from last trip.Luckily, saves and relevant game files are (mostly) human readable and don't use even simplest measures (like checksums) to detect meddling so pretty much anyone can quickly tweak them, hence title of my review. I, however, refuse to give thumb up to game that needs to have it's internals meddled with to be playable,despite the fact that I liked it a lot AFTER tweaking.Just no.Combat unfortunately is a smouldering wreck that can't be made fun so easily. Way too much modding required.Summary.No recommendation and my personal score of 4/10 for default state.""*4"" button, small increase in admiralty payouts and intermediate boat with 70 cargo for 3k echos and this would have been a positive review with personal score of 8/10. As they say: close but no cookie.Irony of my review being as boring as unmodded game is NOT lost on me."
,Recommended,304650,11068420,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,gothcowboy666,"this is bretty gud. honestly if u don't have good mirrors ur gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥raped by some ♥♥♥♥in flare-toting pirates. and ur crew is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who don't got gainz. pretty solid game, consistent in all it's♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's pretty well damn polished for an early access game. enlisting officers and a mascot for ur crew is p cool too until you eat them, makes me feel like a real seaworthy, cannibal, captain. 10/10 would play again gg."
76561198120346922,Not Recommended,304650,26159987,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,PapaSquat64,"I loved sunless sea when i first got it. it had a challenge and i respected that. it had expensive ships and upgrades to look foward to getting. that being said, it didnt take long for me to realize that i was never going to afford the big fancy ships or the retirement mansion. nope. this game is hard, and unfortunately, i found myself making the same routes, in the same slow ship, just to make ends meet. nothing was getting done. i started disregarding all the special sidequests and witty dialogue eventually because ""no, does it look like i have that special item on hand? i sold it already. just give me the port report and give me some goods to sell at london so i can afford some damn fuel"". eventually, i came across the sunlight smuggling method and became invested on a whole new level. Oh Em Gee, im getting crazy money from this! i can finally afford a big fancy boat and the mansion, and with all the money problems out of the way, i can just focus on how great this game is and do all the sidequests! nope, i was wrong, because the devs nerfed it and i literally DIED from having sunlight on my ship. now, im upset, like CLEARLY upset. i thought there might have been an easy route, you know? wrong. i dont need this in my life. i just want to be happy, and this game doesnt make me happy. thanks anyway, though."
76561197985345570,Not Recommended,304650,31781630,Posted: 15 May,all,arkangelgofgmono,"The downfall of this game is that it is a linear game with the mask of an open RPG. There is really only one way to play this game going from point a to point b to point c but the game gives you no real clear direction of this from the outset of the game so you end up doing a ton of runs which all end with you dying. The game brands itself as ""rogue like"" because of this but for those of us who have been round that block its just poor design and laziness attempting to pass off as something that has now become a very tiring cliche. I want to love the game under the ham fisted story progression but find my eyes glazing over as I go through the exact same story point over and over and over to the point of ad nauseum. Save your money on this one and buy something that isn't trying to pull the wool over your eyes and the time out of your life."
,Recommended,304650,15608555,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Gamer Guy (In A Suit),"When The Holy film director decides to take a look,refers to the pages of his holy book,sends the warm rain falling from the sky,If you've never been a sailor better try,If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor better try.If you've never been a sailor you'd better try....."
76561198026592654,Not Recommended,304650,23981263,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zunxunz,"An interesting concept, but do not play this if you like action. This game is very repetative and sooo -SLOW-!"
,Not Recommended,304650,11106311,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Potato McGruff,"This game has a lot of potential, but it's not there yet. The early game is a crushing grind.The local currency in the game is the ""Echo"". They're not easy to come by and I don't mean that in a ""it's too challenging"" but more of it's so damn time consuming and repetitive to do. Trading is almost non-exisitant. The few ports you find that will actually trade with you give such a small profit margin and usually you don't have anything to take back with you.Fuel burns really fast and you spend all of your Echos on refueling or replacing lost crew.It's not challenging in a fun way. It's a grind. Hopefully as time goes on, the devs will balance this issue out. I'll certainly be keeping my eye on the game because I REALLY want to like it."
,Not Recommended,304650,16380764,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kana,"It has a major design issue that it can't solve right off the bat:Story-driven roguelike. Imagine playing an older JRPG for instance, and restarting from the beginning if you happen to die and you see what sort of an issue this is. This is accidentally a better analogue than apparent, if you began thinking that JRPGs aren't particularly difficult.This leads to skipping dialogue by default if you happened to die. This means skipping well crafted, and genuinely well written dialogue and somewhat interesting, if very disjointed and directionless story of this game. It's quite clear the writer(s) of this game were given the direction (if any) of ""dark gritty steampunkish fantasy world where death really isn't a thing"", and not much else. I want to like it, but it's literally an assortment of bits and pieces with little to no connectivity.The graphics are... passable. It's almost like there were 2 or more artists, and they just phoned in on a style that neither handled perfectly well. A lot of the art assets, specifically most buildings on land look like programmer graphics or stock assets. I'm personally not partial to the often heavily photoshop filtered drawings neither, albeit occasionally they're very good. The actual location design is, however, varied and interesting, i just don't think it's very well represented by the graphic assets at their disposal.This gets me to this games' greatest flaw, gameplay, or the lack of it.The combat and survival: Unless you're completely clueless, or get screwed by the RNG, it's virtually impossible to die. Especially once you get the second ship, which doesn't take long at all if you're not averse to doing a few runs of what amounts to grinding. Pretty much every single ship in the game can barely harm you, because the AI is completely idiotic and as barebones as it gets, so you can just stay behind, at an angle if they have aft turret, and just peg away at them. They did patch the monster AI, but it's still very abusible if you know what you're doing.Actual gameplay:Dull dull dull. All you do is wait, most of the time you needn't pay any attention. It's one of those games where you basically have to play another game on the side to make it enjoyable. The quests you get are fetch-quests, which sort of makes sense story-wise, but isn't fun. The game doesn't tell you where to get anything most of the time though, which means you'll be staring at the wiki soon, and don't you just love those types of games? The possibly worst thing is that the sea, spelled 'zee' doesn't do anything at all. No waves, no wind, nothing. A pseudorandom pirate there, a pseudorandom monster here. If you want a good way to do long voyages interesting, you should've taken lessons from Uncharted Waters.TL;DR:A story driven atmospheric rogue-lite that ultimately fails to be any of those.The good parts are the writing, and the sounds. The gameplay is, gently put, a bad joke.If you're looking for a good ship-based adventure, look elsewhere. I personally recommend Uncharted Waters 2 on the SNES, if you're not up for that, Uncharted Waters Online isn't bad, if a bit impenetrable and dated.Average playtime amongst friends and myself: 12.7 hoursAbove figure removing the highest and lowest: 5.8 hours"
76561197961578109,Not Recommended,304650,14585893,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Lameness,"Avoid it and don't waste your time. It's like reading the same (unconnected) chapters of a book over and over, while having to wait hours to get to a new part of the book.The game may seem much better and bigger on the first glance (probably the reason for the good critic ratings), but a few hours in, you'll notice that the senseless grinding never stops and the gameplay doesn't get any better, but much worse due to the repetition and lack of progression (ingame prices are just way too high to get any better equipment in less than 6-10 hours of grinding).The game is a dull grind without proper gameplay except waiting for your incredibly slow ship to get anywhere. While the story texts may be new and pretty the first time you see them... that's about it. The events and stories will repeat the same way over and over. The game has a heritage system and runs on 'ironman' on standard, but at the same time a dreadfully slow progression that conflicts with these systems. Combat isn't fun (mostly because you're ridicilously outgunned in 80%+ of the fights), reading the same passages over and over again (especially if you dared to die!) isn't either, and idlely waiting 5-10 mins+ for the next tiny tidbit of writing just doesn't make the game worth playing. And don't forget that after 6-10h+ of grinding, you may end up getting insta-killed by some scripted event, because you dared to 'explore the zee' and tried to obtain an item from one of the low level quests. Lovely game design sin."
76561198024157673,Not Recommended,304650,14476889,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,zzshaftzz,"I got swept away with all the positive reviews and the theme, but the gameplay just isn't there. I suddenly die after countless hours of questing and plodding trade and story mechanics-- by sailing off the edge of the map? No warning, nothing. Ridiculous. The UI is full of rookie mistakes as far as not double-checking things such as ""Are you sure you want to sell your only deck gun?"" And the pointless 1 Hull boat? What's that even about.To be fair, I got my money's worth from this game... but to die suddenly and keep my own records on where I am in a multitude of stories is just poor game design.A wonderful story... a not-so-good game."
76561198004579041,Not Recommended,304650,33755277,Posted: 23 July,all,InfiniteWalrus,"You know at first theres a lot to like about this game. As time goes on though, you realize how much of a giant ♥♥♥♥ you the game is. Sure you discover some new places, smuggle a few souls, some sunshine, yada yada yad and you're feeling real good and then you realize after hours of work that you're probably in the red after repairs, fuel, and supplies. You die over, and over, and over, and over again. The default ship is weak, slow, and fragile making combat suicide and traveling boring, but you likely won't be able to afford one of the better ships (half of the ships available are actually worse than your starting ship) , let alone any upgrades for it until near end-game.  It's designed to be frustrating and tedious and the developers have openly admitted and are proud of this. in their words, they want playing the game to be so miserable and filled with failure that anytime you had the slightest bit of good fortune it would be amplified by it's contrast to the♥♥♥♥♥♥taste in your mouth. The only way anyone had success in the game without spending literally a hundred hours making peanut profits was by farming certain trade and smuggling routes, but the developers nerfed them all.A lot of people say in defense of t he game ""It's not about getting rich or winning, it's about the adventure of the game"" Well you can't have an adventure in the game without being rich, because if you're not rich you get slaughtered by a crab or small pirate boat or run out of fuel or food before you can start your adventure. The strength of the game is as  a choose-your-own adventure book, but the core gameplay that serves as it's vehicle is a trading sim. Thats fine, but the trading sim aspect is so ambiguous and brutal that you can't do it successfully without using a guide or wiki. A Guide or a Wiki being integral to an adventure game that relies on text and story for it's hook gets dull fast.I wanted a swashbuckling simulator, not a commercial fisherman/transport captain who can't keep up with his bills simulator. I dumped a lot of hours into this game, but It feels kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I realize those enjoyable hours were me just chasing a carrot on a stick except I never got the carrot and it turns out it was just a turd painted orange anyway. If you can enjoy a game where you're just sucking all the time, then by all means go for it."
76561198007271893,Not Recommended,304650,25879477,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Yellowjacket,"This game had (and still has) a lot of potential.  The story, music, and ambiance are all great.  The problem is entirely with the pacing.Your ship moves very very slowly across the map.  You spend the majority of your time navigating waters you've already seen before, repeating the same runs over and over again.Whatever your current goal is, it will take a lot of grinding to achieve it.  The rewards for any given undertaking are simply not worth the time invested.  It's highly difficult to earn any real money by trading or fighting, so you're most often reduced to hopping from port to port doing scouting missions (port reports).  The net gain of these missions is not large, and most of your profit will be spent on fuel and supplies to make the next run.This could have been an excellent game, but desperately needs a ""speed up time"" feature while traveling, and a large buff on the return of one's investment for missions, combat, and trade.  Until these things happen, I don't recommend it."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,304650,29949002,Posted: 15 February,all,Penitenziagite,"I thought I'd like this. I really wanted to like this. I don't.While initially it is fascinating, very soon it feels random and hollow, without real goals or achievements to be had. It quickly bothers down to ""why am I doing this?"", ""why is this supposed to be fun?"", ""am I entertained?"".Meh."
76561198063449652,Not Recommended,304650,32720510,Posted: 24 June,all,Rantam295,"An unnecessarily overly-complex game with barely any gameplay.Where to begin? To start with, do you know how occasionally a fantasy world with switch up the names of races to try and seem unique? You know, like ""Elves"" will become ""Torak'thell"" or something. Now imagine that, except it's literally every word in the game. You have things that you can work out, like the ""Zea"" is the sea, but then you have ""Iron, Pages, Mirrors"" and ""Hearts"". From what I could work out, this is ""Strength, Intelligence, Cunning"" and ""Will"". It doesn't matter, though, since I have no clue what these affect other then your percentage to succeed in certain rolls. Your experience is ""Fragments"" and your level-ups are ""Secrets"".That brings me to the out-of-ship sections, where you'll be thrust into one of those old choose-your-own adventure games from 2005. Except you can't pick anything, since you need four different alchemical items to speak to a beggar or something. Why they don't just get rid of the options you can't pick, or at least put them at the end of the list, I don't know.As for fairness, the combat is dead-simple. You and the enemy basically chase each other for the entire battle, trying to keep each other in your sights so you can hit them. However, this is pretty pointless, since you'll get a cask of wine if it's a ship that sells for 10 gold (Or whatever you call money in this), or you'll get one supply as a reward. This doesn't matter, though, since you likely spent a lot more in that battle, since both your hunger and your fuel decrease at a rapid rate.This would be fine, if you could actually get enough money to restock, but as it stands the only way I've found to get money is to get reports from harbours. This doesn't matter, though, since you'll  be able to sail to about four, which'll spend about 8 resources and 5 fuel, then when you return you'll be given fifty bucks, which'll let you restock 4 resources. I'm sure there's some amazing other way to get cash, but for the life of me I can't work it out. There's occasionally passengers that say ""I want to go to Berzetien's throat"", but they never tell you WHERE it is, which is incredibly annoying on a giant map with no landmarks except for ""Slightly blue-er water""TL:DR: Go buy FTL: Faster Than Light if you want a game similar to this that actually does it right."
76561198118697312,Recommended,304650,17151841,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,My dudes,Amazing!
76561198040377011,Recommended,304650,16306693,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Betelguese,"Fantastic game but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The game is well designed and is truly pretty, but it plays with your emotions and has a habit of killing you at every turn. I highly recommend you don't read any guides and die many many many times. 10/10"
76561197978024377,Recommended,304650,16717875,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,shaseki,"A perfect indie concept which has captured story telling and a degree and level of replayability which is rarely made with cliche games being churned out.What makes this game different you ask?It's unique.If Jules Verne was still alive I think he would be proud to see such a vision. A mash of steam-punk and 20,000 leagues under the sea.You're the captain of a ship and its crew and you sail the under-zee to explore and survive and it's only a matter of time that your survivability is tested due to fuel, rations or the ""terrror"" of being on the open water. It has a vast storyline which does not let you set a true course but make you decide on the route you wish to choose... and you will probably always choose the wrong compass pointing.Death is a brand new beginning where the map has changed and brings another range of depth to the game.... and possible frustration.. but alarmingly the will to set sail again and beat the zee!The more you play, the more you question if it's worth travelling to the other end of the zee to sell off cargo which could bring you some more valued coin and meet that person to finish part of that odd quest. Do I really want to battle that pirate ship? Oh heck, a sea monster... FULL SPEED AHEAD! How much for fuel?!? What no rations!!!The variables to dying are many and your calculations to setting sail is either numbered by cargo you want to sell to the ratio of fuel and rations to get you there. Their are guides out there for the quick game - but I express that you play this genuiunely for at least 4-5 deaths before you look for help.This game is a must buy for the person who likes adventure. This is not for people who want fast action... it takes time ... and your thoughts on the zee drift ... to possibly another cup of coffee.I look forward to more content.. please!9 out of 10 terrorised zee-urchins!"
,Recommended,304650,15606303,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,otamot yzal,"Just amazing.The art is fantastic, the soundtrack fits the atmosphere, the gameplay is easyTake a while to understand the mechanics of the game but like they say at the beginning ""first character might die for other characters to succeed"""
76561197964904094,Recommended,304650,17368937,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,petegraf,"Too slow. It's like they had a short game and tried to artificially lengthen the play time by having the boat move so slow. It's really too slow. Really, really, really slow. Slow in a way that I have to play for hours just to trigger an instakill event. Slow in a way that I feel I should have been doing something else other than play this game. It's an arm wrestling contest with myself. I can't win, just endure for a while. Maybe I'll get to see myself sweat a little and give in just a moment, but it's just a ploy. Only to put myself in a false sense of hope.And every day I come back. I hate it, I want to destroy it. I have to beat it, but I can't. Every restart means 10 hours or longer just to get a tiny distance into the story. It held me for a while.Maybe play it on casual mode first; explore without consequences to get a feel for the flow and be able to judge how to manage resources and story arcs. Then once you have all the moves memorized, then try it on permadeath. You will hate yourself otherwise."
76561198041030643,Recommended,304650,16187672,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Chocolate Pi,"I was an owner of this game for a while while it was in early access, and I just played it again recently and I must say all of the problems I had were removed and now this game is great. Difficult, yes, but it used to be that you didn't have an objective. I'm getting used to the new combat system (it used to be semi turn-based) but now I recommend this game- the most important thing to remember is that it requires a lot of reading."
76561197982844293,Recommended,304650,15629071,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,semptex,"though game, but an acquired taste i'd say."
,Recommended,304650,16547949,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Nartalja,"The narrative of the game is its strongest point, and the thing that keeps the game alive. Dying often does not immediately cut down on the replayability of the game, as many of the text-based narratives allow you to explore different options. As such replayability increases by not sticking to the same beaten path and trying out different backgrounds and directions to explore. After thirthy hours of play and a number of captains I still have two or three places left to explore, and the end-game is still open to me, which keeps the game interesting and fun to play for me. However, I cannot speak for what happens to the fun of replaying after a full first playtrough.That being said, I personally advise against playing in hardmode after a certain point. The game has this hypnotizing atmosphere and quality, but that loses its charm once you have to go back to that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ship and engine after your previous captain died. The random number generator can really destroy the best planned route to the other side of the map, especially when your gambling with fuel and terror. The later ships don't mitigate this fact, as the increasing crew numbers offset your cargo capacity and food consumption: well-balanced or unpleasent surprise, up to the player I guess. There is a discrepency in the slow, relaxed way of discovering all the nararives and the possibility of the destruction of one's enthousiasm for the game in the roguelike hardmode of play. If frustration is your thing, be my guest, but I advice to leave this roguelike quality to games where it actually fits.I recommend this game for its unique storytelling and atmosphere, and for that would definitly recommend people to buy it. Learn the game on hardmode, and saving once you have your first proper ship and 4000 credit engines is my advice on the way to truly get the most out of this game.tl;dr:+ Unique storytelling and atmosphere.+ Well balanced economy and progression into late game.- disconnect between roguelike and slow progress of text-based adventure: consider playing on casual to get most out of the game after a certain point in progression."
,Recommended,304650,25988641,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Orange George,"Writing this because its on sale on Midweek Madness.It's currently 7.13 CDN which I'm sure is about 5 USD.Let me say it here: This is a phenomenal game for 5 dollars.  Incredibly rich world full of stories and horrors of the deep.  Buy it, you won't be disappointed.  The one gripe I have is that its incredibly unforgiving for newcomers and actually encourages you to die and start over.  The problem with that is eventually you WILL see everything.  Regardless, there sure is a lot to see and for 5 bucks, you can't go wrong.Recommended.PS. I can't recommend this game at full price.  Take that how you will."
76561198007817977,Recommended,304650,16250167,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,- Eisenhorn -,"The atmosphere and story in this game is amazing, the eerie music and visuals make every trip into the zee a scary prospect. Definetly not for people who dont have alot of patience. Its extremly difficult early game. Every voyage is stressful and eventful. The only thing that i think could have been better is the ship combat as it is either impossible to beat the opponent or boring as most ships you can just keep behind them and they cant hit you and monsters are way too difficult.i have only played for a few days but im really enjoying it. Looking forward to getting a new ship though."
76561198042742690,Recommended,304650,12192295,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,leespike,very good game
,Recommended,304650,27722397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sonnekonige,"Atmospheric music, beautiful artworks, deep lore and kinda unique setting... everything makes this game a hidden masterpiece.May seem boring for someone, but it actually requires a lot of careful reading and thinking about your decisions (somewhat it could be spoiled by RNG), which still can lead to unforseen consequences.Gotta check the DLC tho, since overall replayability is mediocre.9/10"
,Recommended,304650,28347883,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Dankiest Foxybae,"If you have an interest in story and feeling like choices, even with random chance a factor, matter then this game might be something you'd want to check out. A huge part of the game is figuring out what you did wrong and how to carry that over in your next game play.With that said I feel that once I figured things out some of the game no longer had as much thrill to it. But playing through to see the story lines progress, and there can be many going on at once, with all the islands is fantastic by itself.I really enjoy myself anything I play. I only find it hard to find enough time to invest in it, which is more on me than anything."
,Recommended,304650,20963095,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,ParallaxScroll,"neat game, you drive a boat around. i hope nothing bad happens"
76561197976631959,Not Recommended,304650,28149496,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,monsoontide,"Cam back to the game to try out the Zubmariner CLD update and while the new content was nice and the story and atmospher and music and all were nice, the GRIND was just interminable... just rying to claw your way up to get enough money for a new cannon or light or gods forbid A NEW BOAT is a complete utter pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.. and then just when you are making progress, took a chance on an encounter scenario and it totally killed My entire boat and crew in one go. Really don't have the time to invest going through the grind again when there are som many other games out there looking for My attention. (Yes, still feeling salty about it!)Recommended only if you have a lot of time, a lot of patience and you like the grind."
76561198008098696,Recommended,304650,22487232,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Arteis,"Slow paced game, good to play with a headset in the dark. Enjoy the atmosphere and don't count on any adrenaline rushes."
76561198103334652,Recommended,304650,15564275,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Blue Milk,I have a newfound love for zeemen
,Not Recommended,304650,24638183,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Swaglord4000,"After spending a ton of hours in this game, i cannot recommend it , due to the fact that it is so undeservingly difficult.I mean, i m all up for tough games, but this game is stupidly nonchalant about the game, the lore, the mechanics, and of course, echoes. In the end, you WILL google everything or risk dying to the zee.In fact, to enjoy it, since it is a beautiful game ♥♥♥♥ed up by its core decision making, i suggest save editing, get a million echoes and then enjoy the story and the environment.The stories are great, the characters are great, but only if you can afford it."
,Recommended,304650,21065795,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tmon,"Slow paced, but great questing"
,Recommended,304650,21073520,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Speedflow,"I was able to play this game during the free trial. The artistic style of the game is what initially caught my eye and forced me to give it a try. Before playing, it is important to read the in game manual, which explains the basics of the game or else you will feel a little a lost.Now for the review. The game is beautiful and the visuals did not dissapoint me once during my time playing. The artistic style and atmosphere of the game is definitely the main selling point it would seem. The music is great and the well done sound effects help out with the immersion as well. The gameplay seems to be decent but even early on its easy to see that combat is poorly done. Exploring is great and is the most exciting aspect of the gameplay. The part of the gameplay that is a turn off is the grind factor. Supplies and money are definitely hard to attain. In order to have a hefty amount of supplies and wealth needed to further explore, you need to start out doing the same missions every life. If you die a lot, which seems probable, this will get very monotonous doing the same missions over and over. Also reading is critical if you want to know the story of the game and immerse yourself. Personally, the reading didn't bother me one bit but if you are someone that doesn't enjoy reading, then this game is most likely not for you. Lastly the game has slow pacing since it takes a while to travel. So if thats a good thing or bad thing, that's up to you.NOW IS THE GAME WORTH THE $18? NOI do recommend this game but not at the full asking price. At the sale price of $11, the purchase is much more tempting and for those on the edge, do get it. For those that feel they can overcome the grinding factor, this game will be worth it. For me, a reasonable price for the game is around $5-6 and I will wait to get this game until the price reaches that point. The subpar gameplay and grinding aspects of the game turn me away from the Sunless Sea even at the $11 price tag as of right now."
76561198065060739,Recommended,304650,16181141,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Angry Birdman,"Rode around.  Prayed to the Gods.  Got teleported to middle of nowhere.  Lost my mind.10/10, would lose my mind again."
,Recommended,304650,12239006,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Nicolas Rage,"Set my ship on fire. Got lost at zee, met an island of hamsters  and rats. Insulted them and left. Terror hit 100, got murdered by my own crew.10/10 Would play again"
76561198026709174,Recommended,304650,14393591,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,watsonashi,"Fun but difficult, very interesting story, humourous and slightly creepy in a way. I think I happen to be a fan of the original combat system though, with the illumination and such. But this makes more sense I suppose, makes for faster combat at least."
76561198060317557,Not Recommended,304650,14647580,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RedmondBarryLyndon,"Beware: This game isn't for most people. I bought it upon a recommendation from a friend (don't worry, we're still friends) while simultaneously trying out the related browser based game ""Fallen London"". The gameplay looked kinda neat and relaxed, which was what I wanted at the time, and I liked the look of the graphics.While I can't complain about the graphics, it's the gameplay that turns me off. While you are captaining a ship, this navigation aspect of the game is secondary to the text based gameplay which the game mainly consist of. There's tons of reading, and if you're the kind of guy that's used to quickly skim through texts while playing you shouldn't buy this game. I mean it, only buy this game if you got book worm tendencies (nothing negative about it) and this wonky kind of steampunk universe is appealing to you.Sure, there's some fighting sea monsters going on, but that part is so simplified that it's just something you need to get over with. You need to manage your fuel/supply economy while navigating the sea but that's about it and it's just not very fun. Simply put, the game lacks complexity apart from the text based stories.My recommendation is to try out fallen London first (it's free, google it), and if you like that type of game then you might wanna try out sunless sea. If you're like me however, and abadon your fallen london account after two days, then this game is a waste of your money."
76561198066174290,Not Recommended,304650,14861197,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,VoX=MorteM,"Dull, hopelessly inspid, and intolerably slow. Calling this game ""rougelike"", is just a scam. I played the game thrice; the map never changes, and there's precious little new to explore. The price is outrageous for a game as plain and unengaging as this.Read a book instead. It'd a much worthier adventure."
76561198302953671,Recommended,304650,26394178,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eddiecest,"This game draws you in. It feels that your character is always meant to lose, thus why the game states that your captain will die and you'll have to continue the story with other characters, but you really do try your best to last as long as possible with whom you have. Exploring every part of the map and then making it back to a safe port with sufficent ration, fuel, and gold is the challenge that you face mostly in the game, as the plot and side quests are there but its more entertaining to just go out and explore. Even having the best ship with the best equipment and a full staff, you can still find yourself in a random situation where all of a sudden you die. So the cards are always stacked against you and you just have to do your best to last as long as possible. I love it and I recommend it!"
,Recommended,304650,19242473,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Taiku,I f*cking LOVE this game.
76561198051013424,Recommended,304650,11423274,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,JUNK-B3H3M0TH,"So I haven't played the game that long but since I bought it a day ago it has been super awesome.  Two days in(In game Time) a crew member got taken away by a glowing tentacle, day after got my ship destroyed by a mutated giant crab. So to sum up the game pretty darn awesome plus learning to properly play is actually easy. So 10/10 good game game with good music. So go get it."
76561198142316669,Recommended,304650,11996537,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Zeus,"What a Masterpiece, and with all its updates....Following since July ^^"
76561197976812896,Recommended,304650,30046247,Posted: 19 February,all,Social Diseases,"THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN TPS if you're playing this like a trading game, as most of the negatives did, you're playing it wrong."
76561198082874363,Recommended,304650,30050921,Posted: 19 February,all,bareshark1975,"I caught a lucky break in being able to play this game while it was free to play for a previous weekend. Once the right funds were freed up, I bought this game without hesitation and have not regretted it since.A bit of fair warning is in order. The game is anything but fair in what obstacles and monsters it throws at you before you're ready to take it on (which makes it a bit like Dark Souls, with the difference being that running is a perfectly valid and sane option). The UI, particularly objectives, are a mess to sort through, at least in the beginning. You'll be spending a good deal of the game trying to figure out home waters locations that too many people seem to expect you to know right off the bat (and which you will have to discover on your own). And yet, if you are willing to overlook these things, Sunless Sea can be a truly rewarding experience.What I love the most about the game is how it is the only game I've ever encountered that is a purely post-Lovecraftian apocalypse universe. The world of the Unterzee is one where the Great Old Ones have come and (largely) gone. All that's left are the unfortunate human survivors of Fallen London, surrounded by alien beings and creatures in an equally alien environment. Finding out more about this world is the key appeal to playing it. Even as you start sweating how much fuel and supplies you've got to make it to the next port or how thin your hull's gotten and, OMG, is that a massive zee-monster over there, unraveling this world's mysteries through exploration makes it all worthwhile. And that's not even getting into the various officers that you can have on your ship, all of whom have their own crazy quirks and stories to tell...I'm actually something of a fan of the game's combat, as frustrating as it sometimes can be. It reminds of a fantasy version of the old Sid Meir's game Pirates!, which had a similar system in place. The line of sight mechanics offered by the lamp system gives it a bit of a challenge to make it worth your while. Still, I'll probably have to wait until I upgrade to something better than my starter ship before I can actually call it ""fun"". A tip for combat novices: hug any enemy ships you encounter as closely as possible, away from the light. You'll need to adjust your speed constantly to make this work. But when you do, you'll find yourself sinking ships with three times your hull strength in a decent amount of time.All in all, I want more of this game and look forward to trying out its DLC Zubmariner. This is one real-time strategy/exploration game that has a very unique concept and execution."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,304650,20634522,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,Game makes little sense. Also got stuck on the screen where I choose a name and select my portrait. Clicking accept did nothing and I couldn't continue the game.
,Recommended,304650,11070646,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,future_pope,"I rarely say this about a game - especially a game in its early access stage - but Sunless Sea is ♥♥♥♥ing rad. You play as a captain exploring the underground zee around Fallen London, risking death every time you leave port. While adrift in the zee, you'll encounter pirates, monsters, nemeses, mutinies, tentacles that silently steal your crew off deck, new ports, maelstroms, new cities, new races, beautifully imagined islands, weird religions, well developed lores - the list goes on and on. And should you die and lose your ship and crew, there's always the next character who will strive to make it a bit farther out into the zee.I encourage anyone who's a fan of roguelikes to give Sunless Sea a chance. It's a game that offers a refreshing outlook on a difficult genre, and which can only improve as the devs implement more content. Sunless Sea is tough and unforgiving, but it doesn't often feel unfair. That said, I do suggest you read the in-Steam guide early on in your travels.Buy it. Like, right now."
76561198006533071,Recommended,304650,11431532,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"This game is quite a bit of fun, but i did find it hard initially to read lots of the text. Once you get stuck in and embrace the atmosphere and the reading it keeps drawing you back in. The atmosphere and art style is great and i'm loving the story, and that you can lose everything but still choose to carry over a legacy item or trait meaning that all your previous time wasn't for naught.In comparison to other fare available on steam this will have some stiff competition, but it is well worth a look.I'd love to see this make it to iOS or other tablet device, it would absolutely be an award winner on those devices."
76561198065216064,Recommended,304650,11288841,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,bluecheesetoast,"I really have no problems with gameplay. UI wise, everything seems pretty okay. Of course, I'm expecting more refinement to make the game look more polished at the end of development. A game with polish will pull in more players. I know it's an early access but it's really no excuse as a developer to not polish up their game especially when you're asking people to put their money and faith in you when your game is not quite 'complete'.Don't get me wrong, this is really a good game with a fantastic story and world. The only real flaw is how little there is to do. Honestly, I would tell people to hold off from buying this game just because of how little stuff there is for the player to do. I've played Fallen London. So when I started playing Sunless Sea, you can imagine my disappointment at the volume of content available to us."
,Recommended,304650,11390768,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Goose,"This game is the result of mixing Dark Souls, H.P. Lovecraft, and Victorian London. It is unforgiving, terrifying (the moment you see a lifeberg/giant eel/bound shark and have 5 or so hull left, you know you will die and all but one of your works will be for naught) and beautiful. That exact point in the game when your financial state goes from Great Depression to Immense Prosperity due to random events (finding amber or some sentient coral which looks at you) is immensly satisfying."
76561198002380771,Recommended,304650,11330373,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,JackDeath,"GO play Fallen London, its free.If you like that game you will love this game."
76561198036969511,Recommended,304650,11385177,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,victorix,"I can't tell you how much I enjoy this game...but I'll try! Like FTL or Don't Starve, it's cripplingly hard at first (with perma-death to ensure lots of F-bombs), but once you lose a few captains you'll begin to see the sense in things like staying close to shore at first, or avoiding anything swimming around that's larger than your ship. It becomes slightly easier, then, but the enjoyment just keeps getting richer and deeper. What is the Utter Shroom? Who are the Clay Men? Why are your crew so afraid of the dark when they've lived their whole lives down here?It's the little touches I appreciate the most. There are gender-neutral options for form of address, and you may romance men or women regardless of your stated gender (or lack thereof). There are little literary references -- Coleridge, of course, and Poe, and Lovecraft -- scattered throughout for the discerning reader. The music is haunting and the art is evocative and immersive.And it's FUN. You guys, this game is fun. Even after...probably 30 dead captains? Let's say 30. After 30 dead, I'm still drawn helplessly back into it. It's not even finished, and it's amazingly entertaining. Absolutely recommended!"
76561198007401221,Recommended,304650,29987652,Posted: 17 February,all,Dr. Lucien Sanchez,"Hard game when starting out. So very easy to condemn yourself to a slow death. To be already dead, to not even know it, and for there to be no escape from it. Quite punishing. Certainly not for everyone.But I love it. Wonderfully atmospheric, and once you know what you are doing actually not all that difficult. The tension of trying to limp home with a damaged ship, dwindling supplies  and mounting terror makes for some great nervously exciting moments. An atmosphere of doom, gloom and fear pervades, yet at the same time as being ominous and scary, the setting is also very, very silly. Yet somehow they manage to pull it all together. Lots of people say turn off the permadeath. I say give it a try. Your fear, relief and enjoyment will be amplified if you know there's no going back to the last save.Might be daft to say, but I would highly recommend it if you're the kind of person that will like it. You might hate it. Best thing to do is try it out now while it's free."
76561198023222490,Recommended,304650,26339456,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MegaManX,I personaly found this game to be rather slow.  It just wasn't able to hold my interest long enough to really get a feel for it.  I'd like to have seen some naration for some of the text.  Maybe a little more tweeking and I might try it out again.
,Recommended,304650,26363263,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Miggymon,"Sunless Sea might come across as a game that might be difficult to get into. It doesn't have to be!For anyone who is remotely interested in Sid Meier's Pirates! (I'm a huge fan myself) this game is a deeper, darker evolution of that formula coupled with a well written story and fantastic lore."
,Recommended,304650,25988568,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Tuco,"This game is the perfect mixture of story and rouge-like thrill. The early game may be a little daunting -- but the amount of chilling tales you'll walk away with is well worth the exploration.I remember traveling across the Unterzee, looking for a girl's long lost mother. It was only after exploring 6 of the 7 places she said her mother might be when I realized that this girl's mother was someone I had bad blood with. Before I had met her I had gotten in trouble with the queen of the Isle of Cats - a place where the ""Red Honey"" drug trade runs rampant. The queen gave me some contraband to haul in for a trade back at London.Rather than follow through with the trade I sold the contraband for personal gain and agreed to never go back to the wueen unless I wished death upon myself and my crew. However; it turns out this girl's mother is more than likely the queens daughter. RNG is never a good story teller in other games; but Sunless Sea changes that.Luckily, a giant living mountain named ""Mt. Nomad"" crushed my ship into splinters before I could ever think about how to toss the poor lost girl overboard. Sometimes things work themselves out.Another good story involves traveling to the surface of the earth and catching precious sunlight in a ""mirror-catch box"" and bringing it to the Unterzee's black market - while fleeing officer patrol ships with strict ordrs to seize such contraband.Out of thousands of storylines - I can't pick one that would be safe to spoil. All the moving parts in this game come together to make you fear the sea and the unknown. It also calls you out to explore further. It perfectly captures the idea of a restless captain, returning to the harbor for safety... but feeling an irresistable pull to the mysterious danger the murky sea brings.Pick it up while it's cheap and try it out for a few hours.If it's not for you; spare yourself of the terrors of the Unterzee - refund it,If you wish to see more and uncover this place's secrets - continue.Keep in mind that this is only a Rouge-Lite. Death is punished; while you get to pass down specific findings to your heir/first mate/nemesis. Don't be afraid to die. Your ship, your map, cannons, or gold could get passed down... Depending on who finds you floating out there in the Sunless Sea.TLDR: Buy it on sale and try it out. You can always refund it if the horrors of the Unterzee are too much for you!"
,Recommended,304650,19145496,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Galahad,"Sunless Sea is a cold, frustrating, and unforgiving mistress.10/10 Would got to war with the glorious hamster army again."
76561198007721892,Not Recommended,304650,14469516,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,mste,"Ultimately not worth it for me, mainly because some islands stories left me cold, like guinea pigs fighting rats or something. Not much point in the combat in the game."
76561197972462277,Not Recommended,304650,17012966,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,chriskessel,"The writing and setting is as good as advertised. The game, however, is a grind. Grind out trips over and over to the same places to eek out enough cash to grind another set of places. Die and you get to repeat mostly the same stories and same grind.It says I spent 14 hours playing, I think 10 of those were watching my ship slowly sailing back and forth mostly uneventfully."
76561198017704717,Recommended,304650,20659658,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dima,"You're a naval captain and along with officers of your choosing and a crew, you explore the stygian wonders of the sunless sea to unravel its mysteries. When the 'zee' takes you 'unter' you inherit your captain's fortunes and your next captain gains additional starting attributes and items if you fulfill certain requirements.It's intriguing in its exposition-heavy yet understandable storytelling, prodigious in its textual output, ever-so lovely in its art design and mystical in its sound design. While enthralling in the aforementioned, it severely lacks in gameplay. It's not odious or bad but merely somnolent. If you're a strict gameplay centric gamer then I’d stay away from this. If you hate reading in your games then I’d stay away from this. If you can manage those two things and find intrigue in creative, fleshed out (Lovecraftian inspired) worlds then I'd totally recommend this... just don't get mad when you die half a dozen times in the 1st few hours."
,Recommended,304650,14685723,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"I found Sunless Sea to be incredibly amusing. It was well worth the cost.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W_VGE5YEGAWhat is it?Sunless Sea is a rouge-like adventure game where you play as a steamship captain of the Underzee. Your victory condition is determined by what you choose at the beginning of the game, which could be a lust for wealth, knowledge, or to find your past (although you could happen upon other ways to win as you play).Gamplay consists of choices that you have to make throughout the game. It could range from choosing whether to listen to or attack a bandit to choosing a side in the rodent wars (not joking). Beyond that, you must ensure that your vessel is properly stocked and you need to plot a course. The outcome of these choices is often determined by one of the five stats that your captain has.It is also worth noting that Sunless Sea is not an action filled rouge like. The action is mostly played out in the text that the game provides that player. You will also fight on the open Zee, but that is a small portion of the game overall.Pros:-This game has an amazing sense of humor. It comes straight from Wells, Shelly, and even a bit of Crusoe while mixing in Lovecraftian horror.-The choices are numerous. You can go anywhere in the Underzee form the beginning of the game, and from that you have a plethora of things that you could do.-The choices are impactful. Deciding to go one way can open a whole new path for you, but it will also cut off another. You'll always feel like your decisions in the game matter.-The narratives are interesting. I love the stories that have been put into this game. They are mysterious and captivating, and that is a must have for such a narative driven game.-The atmosphere is palpable. The game sucks you into the dread and mystery of the Underzee. From the wordy style to the beautiful art, the game keeps you on edge.Cons-There is a lot of reading. Personally I don't see this as a big downside, but if you don't enjoy reading (or want to see lots of neat explosions) this might not be the game for you.-When you die, you have to do it all over again. This is a particular problem for Sunless Sea. The only thing that actually changes between deaths are the locations of the islands. You will have to play through the same story every time you die.Overall, I consider this to be a great game that is well worth it's price tag. I'll be playing a lot of it in the days to come."
76561198064303428,Recommended,304650,11062015,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,YellOh Panda,"Extremely intriguing, I cant put it down!"
76561198032080065,Recommended,304650,29730969,Posted: 5 February,all,Dave-Grigger,"The only game ive ever gotten in early access that kept all its promises, I even got the Zubmariner expansion for free for buying this back in early access. Amazing beautiful game, lovecraftian, and incredible to explore. Even at the full price, id buy this and the expansion and love every minute of it. Very polised and well done, keeps driving you to explore more. If your even considering getting it, do it, you wont be disapointed. 10/10 Would sink again (and will)."
76561198094629661,Recommended,304650,30955539,Posted: 4 April,all,Sparkee,THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN...
,Recommended,304650,25848661,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Badgerspin,"This game is not in the least bit forgiving. Just the way I like it.To get the better ships, you're going to need to really grind in some hours. Great fun though. Brilliant writing."
76561198048421866,Recommended,304650,14671711,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Carpathian Conscript,This is my new FAVORITE game!I can't believe I played my first session for over 11 hours! I didn't realize until I saw the sun come up. Serious time warped.I was so drawn into the story and the genre.BTW- Is it me or does The Alarming Scholar remind anyone else of Lady Gaga?
76561198013755931,Not Recommended,304650,26064887,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Goji,"I want so much to like this game, the art and setting are quite nice, but as far as actual gameplay goes, it is a frustrating time-wasting disappointment.  If only the devs were good enough at what they are trying to do to put in a ""double speed"" button, I might not be so bitter at them for being so disrespectful of their player's time.I spend more time watching youtube while the game putters along than I do interacting with it.  Should be called ""Boredom at Sea Simulator 2016""."
,Recommended,304650,14395645,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DrTy Words,"Terrific game. I am never even remotely interested in games like this. That being said, the combination of unique story-gameplay mechanics and lovecraftian lore are a perfect mixture. Oh and the combat is cool as well."
,Recommended,304650,29679755,Posted: 3 February,all,Ydjeen,I wish i know English better to have more delight from this game.
,Recommended,304650,11101120,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,smakdaddy,"It is extremely hard to review an early access game, because all the failings may be temporary, but also so might the strong points. As you can tell from the market page, this is about humans being forced underground because of some war with bats, I don't know, I wasn't really paying attention. Anyway, there is this massive underground sea you can traverse to hunt pirates, sea monsters, explore, or trade across.At present (July 6, 2014) this game needs a LOT of work. Firstly, there are some major bugs, secondly some game mechanics need rewriting (for example ship hardpoints - a bigger ship should have more hardpoints yes? but other than hull points the larger ships have little benefit over smaller ones(, and thirdly, the world is just too darn small!What this game needs is::- a randomised world builder which would populate a massive world with random islands, settlements, and ports, to make the experience truly endless- more ship types- more monster types- more civilian ship traffic, every other ship is a pirate!- a whole bunch of interface and mechanics changes.To conclude, it looks like a test for travel and storyline parts of the games core, but will still need some fundamental changes to be any good. As irritated as I get by early access games I pay for that never get finished, I really hope this one gets there because all its current failings aside, it has potential."
,Recommended,304650,29753466,Posted: 6 February,all,[ZSU] MAK777,"""He who hunts Zee-beasts, runs the risk of becoming a Zee-beast himself. If you gaze into the Abyss, the Abyss gazes back.""- Deceased Zee Captain"
,Recommended,304650,30033563,Posted: 19 February,all,MaxresDefault,"Best part of the game is reading negative reviews from ""Call of Duty"" players who HAD TO READ TEXT. Watching them fail at it and get super angry about it."
,Recommended,304650,16650259,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,S.A.M,Sunless is a lovecraftian style of game and writing set in an underground sea called the unterzee.From the beginning the games atmosphere and writing had me hooked as well as having some of the most interesting stories i have seen in gaming. Finally the music is great with a minimalist apporach where it is only triggered around key areas of the map. This means that the music does not get repetitive and lends enormously to the atmosphere. These are all huge plusses for the game but gamers who do not enjoy reading should steer clear of this title.Sunless does tend to be very grindy at times with the player making many expeditions to the same locations. I personally did not find this to be too much of an issue as different storylines can be explored even if you have ventured to an island serveral times before.Sunless sea is an indie treasure and anyone interested in games that are rougelikes with solid writing should pick this up.Welcome to the zeeVerdict 7.5/10
,Not Recommended,304650,30022168,Posted: 18 February,all,chess123mate,"(Played during free weekend)-I found the sailing to be very slow paced; it felt like it was wasting my time.-The stories did not interest me. Stuff happened, but there was no emotional investment, no significant conflict, nor any excitement or tension.-Events/choices were arbitrary; you either need to try everything and memorize the results, pick at random and treat it like an adventure story (with you in the back seat), or look up the results to see which one is actually useful to you.-Money making system seems poor (it's difficult to get enough money to keep going in the beginning). The main mission early on is gathering data from other docks - these missions do not pay for themselves unless you manage to gather multiple at a time (hard if you're low on money/fuel/supplies, like you are at the beginning).-Starter ship seems to be one of the best ships. ""Upgrading"" costs a fortune and requires more fuel/supplies for the same distance (as the ""upgraded"" ships tend to be heavier and require more crew to function).-Combat is extremely simplistic (just aim and fire; follow from behind if possible to minimize incoming damage). Killing enemy ships usually doesn't give you many resources (usually not worth the fuel, supplies, and damage you've spent/taken). Strangely, I once fought a ship that was apparently not hostile (there was no obvious difference between that ship and any other - I only found out I was pirating a friendly ship when it was mentioned by one of the crew in the follow-up ""story""), and this ship had plenty of fuel and supplies. Why didn't any other ship have fuel/supplies?-(Minor) I ended up dying by trying to sail off the edge of the map (doing so led to an okay outcome on a different edge), which forced me into an event where I had a 98% chance of dying and losing almost everything. With no warning that that's what was going to happen, it felt unfair.I saw someone suggest that it was more fun to cheat in the supplies you need (you can modify the autosave to give yourself plenty of money). After a few hours of playing normally, I tried this to see what other content was in the game. When I found that the best ship in the entire game was barely any better than what I had started with (and consumed around 2x as many resources and - even with the best engines - still didn't move faster than the starter ship), it was quite a disappointment. Sure I could engage harder enemies (which occur further out from the starting area), but this only changed the scale of the numbers involved.As I hinted above, I think this game is best enjoyed by pretending that the main character is in control (since the choices are pretty much down to ""which one sounds the most interesting/valuable"" unless you look them up). Even so, the resulting plot is not likely to be very interesting.If you thoroughly enjoy Fallen London's story telling and resource gathering system (it's a free online game by the same company, so check it out), then you'll probably enjoy this game too - it's essentially more of the same (but without any restrictions on how much you can play). Otherwise, I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,304650,25295763,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Camphibian,"I will introduce this review by stating that I like Sunless Sea, even though I am not recommending it.The game itself is merciless, random, unforgiving, depressing, tantalising, fabulous. And SLOW. It is adapted from the browser game 'Fallen London' from which it borrows all of the content, and unfortunately, all the boredom as well. Currently playing my third game, I had to take a break and write this review.Sunless Sea is unfortunately plagued with bugs and suffers a shoddy gui which kills the game. To survive in this game you need to scrounge every echo, every barrel of oil and every crate of supplies. The game is already hard enough without bugridden software screwing your economics.In the current game, I had managed to purchase the Townhouse in which I constructed the Monstrous Almanac. After visiting the surface at Naples, I returned to find I no longer had a Townhouse. I did not sell it.Further, in game 2, which I gave up on by the way, I discovered that the game will not award your 50% quality bonus on legacy. I had raised my Iron from 25 to 62 plus 11 from officers. I selected Iron and lo and behold, no bonus. It should have been a minimum of 43. This is patently fraud. The game provides a clear contract as to how it operates, yet mysteriously, it does not.With regard to the gui.  This made me realise that the game had not properly been user acceptance tested. I don't want to insult or discredit Failbetter, but they could swallow some of their own titular advice.The disgusting menu popups have a click through phenomena, which means the area on the button you click, if it has a button underneath, then that will be clicked as well.Now the game HUD where all the action takes place. The single 'feature' which kills the game for me faster than Surprise! It's a Dreadnought, is the Weapon toolbar extension (for want of a better name). Why is it there is the first place? It is completely useless, it takes up 20% of the screen, the logic enabling and disabling it is broken, so you will get the weapon extension but no way of removing it. This will probably kill your character. And from an aesthic viewpoint, it is a revoltingly ugly. I don't know whose idea it was but let's surmise a Noob Programmer,  Great Idea #1. Get rid of it, you will be improving the game and removing useless bug ridden code to boot.Then there is the target status overlay another useless dingle that usually shows offscreen, or when it isn't offscreen, it is obscured by the broken weapon tool extension. Simply horrible.Now we get to the hotkeys. What does ESC do again? Ahh pops up the game menu - the LEAST used command, and it has an icon anyway. What does space do? Pauses/Unpauses the game.  Fine.  I think the principles of interface design are lost in this game. A ten minute discussion and a test monkey would have cleared all this crap up.But it didn't happen. And now I am going to sulk about LOSING MY TOWNHOUSE FOR NO REASON. And in the latest game I had explored nearly the entire map without dying.Fallen London is a quirky, malevolent and sickly inward twisted world product of the designers. And, perhaps, for all I know or CARE, these glitches are masterfully engineeered to push even the most Zeesoned Zailor over the far eastern precipice of madness and disillusionment.I will give this game a positive review IFF I get back my damn townhouse and you REMOVE the weapons toolbar.Storylet: Fix the game, unlocked with Test Monkey and Teh Kodez at least 1"
76561198016212978,Recommended,304650,14400653,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Random,My sweetheart in london left me and took my child with her after she found out I was sleeping with an officer on my crew.10/10 would break up family again
,Recommended,304650,11058437,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Renerve,I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of FTL or rougelike games with a plot. Also there's already tons of content for being early access so go wild.
76561198175402422,Recommended,304650,31324488,Posted: 23 April,all,Babacan Arda,"I wrote here some silly jokes before but now it's time to get serious.Sunless Sea is a story based survival/horror game. Game will change with the decisions you made and with the time you spent in Unterzee. Most of the stories in this game are gorgeous with rich story-writing and the atmosphere of the places astonishing. However, game has some serious problems about being ""survival"" game.First of all, Sunless Sea's first principal utterly wrong: Game expects from you dying a lot and restart the whole game with same stories with same results and yes, when you die or succeed an ambition your's new captain playthrough will be mostly same except some improved stats or money. I don't know what were developers thinking when they put this mechanic but I know most of the players not going to like to play that way espically the ones who played 50 hours on single captain like me. It's like playing a fps game with different gun but always in same map.Second thing that is frustrating trade mechanics in this game are useless, selling a product from london to other places will only give you 1 or 2 echo per unit and this will not even repay your fuel cost. The only ways to make decent money in this game following stories which give you trinkets for selling Alarming Scholar or going illegal and selling sunligth or souls. I believe trade is wasted opportunity in this game.Although game is cruel, it is never warning you about real dangers of Unterzee: Tutorial book given in the beginnig only teach you some basic things which anyone can learn after short time.  I highly sure most people rage quitted when they killed from Mt. Nomad in Chapel of Lights at the beginning of their game. Most captain's first travels are real horror of Sunless Sea.Less but not last it is very odd this game doesn't have any language choice except English. Story based game like this must be multiple language choice or people may can not understand stories properly and believe me, some sentences in this texts are really hard to understand but I think it's not a bad thing because these sentences are the ones who make stories interesting.My big recommendation: Play in Merciful Mode. Take a save beginning of the game, take saves before critical points in stories, load last save when you unexpectedly died, load last save when you saw a story end which ended your captain's career. Discover all the stories with one captain and fell the beatiues of stories without fear of death. I admit this will kill horror function of the game but if your reason to play discover all stories like me then you should play in that way.Sunless Sea is good but not great game, give it a try if you are interested."
76561198000831587,Not Recommended,304650,26122995,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Serviette Union,"I guess a lot of people must be masochists because I found this game to be an absolute pain. Sunless Sea feels like an attempt to combine an FTL style rogue-like with an interactive novel by taking all of the worst parts of each genre and abandoning their qualities. It wants to absorb you in a supposedly rich and deep setting dripping with a sense of place but then has gameplay mechanics that seem expressly designed to prevent you from doing that.Death lurks constantly as you have to try to maintain fuel, food and crew while fighting or avoiding the pirates and monsters that get in your way of exploring the pretentiously named 'zea'. Which sounds fun until you realise you spent the last ten minutes doing nothing but crawling across the mostly empty map with all the vigour of a sickly snail. Chasing after fragmentary sentances of bizarre nonsense and enough resources to just about break even. If you are unlucky and die then you get to repeat everything you've just been through all over again, the same tedious slog, the same boring fights and the same exasperating overwrought wiritng. There are ways to keep some of your progress between deaths but the prospect of spending long frustrating hours eeking out enough resources to acquire them drained any desire to bother."
76561198095902084,Recommended,304650,23964413,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,blastercaster525,Richer lore than Star Wars best universe Ive seen pretty damn good rather difficult you should buy.
,Recommended,304650,16388568,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,"While the combat is incredibly simplistic until you can upgrade to a better ship and unlock more gun slots, the amazing writing, strong narrative and amazing setting will have you reading for hours just to find out more about the world of the Unterzee.P.S. This game has a mericiful mode for anyone who wants the ability to manually save and reload saves at any dock. Use it if you're in the game for the story, no the challange."
,Not Recommended,304650,20961206,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Crinkus,"Most of the time you will just be sailing form place to place with nothing to do but stare at the screen inbetween.While Sunless Sea is a very interesting game, and has a good story, it is far too boring for me to continue playing.My first and largest gripe would be that most ""early"" ships have a pitiful cargo hold. While this seems like a trivial problem at first, it really hurts you as you try to progress. Small cargo holds mean less fuel and supplies, which means less time that you can spend exploring before having to return to London for supplies. Yes, you can buy fuel and supplies elsewhere, but they are typically more expensive (a problem especially early game) everywhere else. The first ship with a cargo upgrade is ludicrously expensive regardless if you are grinding or playing the game the ""right"" way as some people have described. This limitation, combined with the ""terror"" system, a passive timer that counts down before bad things start happening, means you will have to go back to home unless you want to spend a lot of echo (currency) to stay at zee. You also end up aquiring a lot of trinkets and things that will have to be sold or delievered to make space for fuel and supplies.This monotony is simply not fun. Simply trading is equally dull, evident from these other reviews.Yes, you can re-visit ports to gain interesting story developments (which is arguably the whole point of this game), but I was always dissapointed as to what those developments were. They give you just a taste before you have to bring them more items or whatever, which, as mentioned, is typically a journey back to London or across the map. Everything just has to be so damn mysterious. You learn more about the world as you play, but even in my hours so many seemingly crucial things were just left unexplained. I never touched the supplementary reading, but then again I really shouldn't have to if this is truely a story based game as it is advertized as.Finally, let's talk about the legacy system, a sort of new game plus when you die, except not at all. When you die, you start from the ground up in terms of story progression and officer quests. This is bad, as you will essentially be doing the same things over and over again, just slightly quicker, every time you die or decide to start over. Also, your heir doesn't get to keep your ship and loses most of the upgrades. Why. Why is this when you are psuedo-encouraged to die or retire by the developers? I ended up taking a chance on ""getting something interesting"" for my heir, but the result was ultimately not worth it as I had to start over again.Apparently, this game is still in development, so maybe one day I will give it another shot. But right now, it has too many flaws."
76561197994408157,Recommended,304650,22986009,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DrFetid,Not gotten too deep into it but the style and writing just are incredible.
,Not Recommended,304650,21529714,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DeLuman,"This is not a bad game, let me start off by stating that and I'm sure there are some people that would love this game, in fact in a different part of my life I might have enjoyed this game more myself, but as an adult with things to do this is just not a game I want to sink my time into, and that's what this game is, a gigantic, MMO-esque timesink.Travel takes forever, your ship is slow, annoyingly slow.  Your starting cargo hold (which is mostly used up by fuel and food for your crew) means you cannot make money by trading.  So how do you make money?   Good freaking question, there are very few ways to make money, and as your ship runs on  money, quite literally as fuel is not cheap (neither is food), this will be your all consuming goal so that after you make enough money you can then think about doing fun things in this game, quests, exploration, etc.So once you've invested the hours of work it takes to get a point you don't have to worry about money as much there is not that much fun to be had though.  Quests are laid out horribly in the interface, and nearly every single person you encounter every item of garbage you might have in your hold is given it's own icon that makes everything difficult to discern at a glance.  You will constantly need to look at the wiki for this game to figure out where you might need to go to pick up an item that has a description that doesn't quite make sense.This is a horror, cthulu-esque game though, so is it scary?  Does it make you question the fabric of reality and the horrors of life?  Not really, there are many occurrences that are strange, alien, foreign to the extreme, but it is very possible you will stop paying attention to them in game though because they all come up as text boxes when you're trying to do something else.  Fear as an in-game stat is more of an annoyance than anything else and the things that make you afraid don't even make sense often times.  All the fear stat ends up doing is forcing you to return home more often than you might want to, to stop exploring more than you'd want to, to not be able to use a trade route you might want to,  like having a mother reminding you to come inside for dinner at certain times.This game is addictive though, you will be getting that arm scratching ""I just need to go on one more trip"" after you return home every time and at every port you run through.  But after a point the addiction feels more like a skinner box.  I'm sitting around 25 hours played right now and another 35,000 away from retirement and I'm lucky if I can make 1000 in an hour, so why waste another 35-50 hours doing the same trade runs trying to figure out how to get obscure items in order to go through quests that you won't even necessarily be able to acquire when you think you should because you still need to meet three other requirements when you get there and pass a stat challenge that is usually listed at 30%.   In the end all the addictive quality winds up being is like a drug without the high.Once again this isn't a bad game, but overly bland, confusing and slow for my taste."
76561198041604754,Recommended,304650,26215673,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,matt,"Slow paced and very much story-driven rather than gameplay-driven, Sunless Sea is not for everyone. The story is good- It's world is strange and unique and you can get a free taster of the superb writing at the Fallen London website.Gameplay pretty much involves cruising slowly across the ocean, nervously eyeing your fuel and food tick down as you visit islands you've discovered, or maybe take a risk and set off into the unknown, before rushing back to London, almost out of both food AND fuel.To be honest I really enjoy just planning my journey, trying to estimate how many islands I can make it to (each island gives you a port report which nets you free fuel to allow you to go further on the next journey). The feeling of getting back with a sliver of fuel left in the tank is immensely satisfying."
,Recommended,304650,26226353,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,FlatLander,"Lots of fun, meter management is a little tough at first."
76561198038497046,Recommended,304650,23813707,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ProbablyProfessional,"Ship lived through endless bombardments by everything under the glim, everything's going great, making echos, rekt by one crab. 10/10 game of the year"
,Not Recommended,304650,15774453,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,andvamva,"Great music and mood, good writing, interesting stories. Unfortunately I found the gameplay repetitive and slow. The profit margins are tiny and upgrades costly. Became a chore by captain number 3."
76561198024821508,Recommended,304650,15788377,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,streaks_art,"It's a good game, I suppose.Possibility of your captains dying is an integral part of the game.Whenever your captains die, you have the option of choosing something to carry-over to your next captain (ie, better ship, ship weapon, equipment, ship officers, etc), and then all the quests are reset. So you start off with an ""unfair"" advantage - like an uber weapon.That's pretty much the gist of the game in terms of winning it.Graphics and gameplay are nice enough, considering the limited concepts. You need to read a lot, and use your imagination (and depending on your imagination, this could be awesome or lame)."
,Recommended,304650,29250551,Posted: 14 January,all,Mr_Cookieface,"Play this game, but turn off the music and instead put on some Blues Saraceno, or some old timey Johnny Cash in the background. Game is pretty hard, if you play on normal mode."
76561198093417772,Recommended,304650,32680315,Posted: 23 June,all,ofLegends,"I recommend using cheats for fuel and money, otherwise it just becomes a tedious game of ferrying passengers around, scrounging up cash, and dying, with a bit of story sprinkled in.That said, the story writing isgreat. If creepy text games are your thing, you should really get this.Pros:Fantastic writing. I really can't understate this.Great atmosphereNew map every time you die keeps it from getting boringInterface makes sense and isn't clunkySome of the locations arereallycreepy (the eye, anyone?)I liked the musicTHE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THRandom deathsSalt's attentionCons:Combat. Just forget it, it's not fun.Resource management feels tedious and dampens the otherwise excellent storyThe need to resort to manipulating game files to make the game non-tedious"
,Recommended,304650,11043486,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DePadova,"This 2D survival horror rogue-like game is the lovechild of H.P. Lovecraft (there's a terror meter and you can go insane) and Victorian Steampunk. It's very rich with content and you write your own story as you play (no hand holding). The goal is to survive as long as you can to attain your ultimate goal chosen while making your character. You can play anyway you want.  Specialize in information and be a spy. Focus on moral and healing your crew, Gun-ho and combat centric, and more to come in future patches.As you write your story and explore the open world you will accumulate crew, skills, ships, and items. There's an ingame economy where goods are worth more on some islands than others. Figuring out how to buy/trade is vital to amounting easy wealth. You can use that wealth to upgrade said ships and even your headquarters turning it into a mansion. (one of the ways to retire and win).Fighting reminds me a lot like Skies of Arcadia's turn based air battles. Which I think we can all agree is amazing. It might not that the 3D animation but it works well for the game's presentation and adds a lot of strategy and tension. Overall I would say this game is one that keeps on giving and no one playthrough will be the same."
76561197971629826,Not Recommended,304650,15896347,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gutterba11,"Slow, atmospheric, brooding, punishing, and disjointed rogue-like. Exploration is a harrowing grind, constantly putting the playing low on fuel and credits. Every port discovered presents another tree of ""Come back next time with a specific assortment of obscure objects you'll never have on hand"" dialogue options.Your ship is slow. You can upgrade the vessel and engines, but you won't really be able to tell a difference...I tried very hard to like this game. But ultimately the developers couldn't decide what this game is; If it's a rogue-like, it shouldn't have 15 hour run time. If you want a 15-hour experience, a wrong turn at the 14 hour mark shouldn't result in a total reset.After 12 hours, 9 deaths, and starting back from scratch, I realized the futility in setting out again. I concluded ""You already stole my money. Spending another 8 hours on a 10th attempt isn't worth any more of my life.""A very cool world exists in this game, you just need the mettle to slowly - nay, glacially - grind through it, over and over again."
,Recommended,304650,11027493,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Manny,"Wonderful Art-style, Great sense of adventure, truely amazing setting. Simply could not give this game enough praise! A must-have!"
76561197998241001,Recommended,304650,11044764,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Phisioni,"Ah, the zee. Cold and dark, and filled with who knows how many horrors. At times, one is called. Certainly, there are easier lives. One might smuggle souls, or fight in dark alleys. There is no less honor in these lives, but the lack a certain magic that only the zee can provide. And so, delicious friends, I strike out. I may not return, and that is more likely than even you could hope. It is necessary to one's being to be out there, seeing what one sees by the lantern, before suddenly and inexplicably being torn below the cold surface."
,Recommended,304650,11045661,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,黒ウサギ,"If you enjoy fated ventures across familiar but strange environs, you should play this game. If you appreciate hopeless situations enhanced with the glimmer of possibility that you might return home, you should check out Sunless Sea. If you wake up with tears in your eyes from a dream half remembered but a longing for days you've never lived, Sunless Sea is 10% off. Definitely check it out."
76561198100777294,Recommended,304650,11161355,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pristorn,"Very Lovecraftian feel. The music, art and gameplay lend to the tragic destiny that is yours as a zee captain. Every trip out into the darkness could be your last if you're not careful or simply unlucky. Despite all this, the gameplay is refreshing and keeps you interested after several playthroughs. With more content on the way, the game is a solid buy for anyone that wants something a little different from the norm."
,Recommended,304650,11481470,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,kandinsky,"""Hmm...This game looks like fun. I'll just play for a few minutes before bed."" -Man who didn't sleep last night"
,Recommended,304650,11049086,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Atacca,"This is a very interesting game. There's been a lot of effort put into the early access game so far, and there's still more to come. I've just scratched the surface, and am keen to keep exploring."
,Recommended,304650,11179878,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Walkinthevoid,"Damn this game is good! Set in an underground cavern, you start out in fallen london; a steamship captain ready to go out and explore the unterzee for fame and treasure. Find an island and choose sides in an epic rodent battle. Ferry the soon to be dead to Venderbight, get lost in the coral seas of port cecil, marvel in awe at the tides of appetite. Seriously. BUY THIS GAME."
76561197999062531,Recommended,304650,11043987,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,cabbyhat,"If you've never played any of Failbetter Games' works, you're missing out. The world of Fallen London is rich, poignant, often hilarious and occasionally viscerally terrifying, and Sunless Sea expands on it beautifully. The gameplay is still rough around the edges, and don't make the mistake of thinking that it's going to be anything but brutally difficult. Don't get too attached to any of your captains. But the circumstances in which they meet their gruesome ends are so intriguing that it's usually almost worth it."
,Recommended,304650,11167111,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jo_Tunn,"I like this game. I have fun playing it. I look forward to the day when it is finished. That being said it is not worth the 18.99 price tag that it is at and I kind of doubt that it will be worth 18.99 when it is finished. If this kind of game if your cup of tea, then buy it. When it is on sale."
,Recommended,304650,14263651,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"Bought it because sea exploration game, kept it because feminism <3"
,Not Recommended,304650,30051687,Posted: 19 February,all,Nikachu92,"This game definitely seems fun.  The permadeath, at first, seemed like a fun challenge to the game.  Escpecially when you see you can eventually pass off a will when you die so you dont have to start entirely over.  However, the combat early on is just too brutal.  I barely get into a game before I end up coming across an enemy who is both stronger and faster than the starting ship.  There is jsut no hope to defeat them.  Like the swarm of bats.  2 hits kill them but good luck hitting them.  And this is just a few minutes away from London.  Give me a chance to explore the game a little bit before I'm in a battle I can't win."
76561198032065065,Recommended,304650,30052173,Posted: 19 February,all,Cthulhu lives!,"I played a free weekend. I liked the game for the most part. If I was a fan of survival games I would buy it. I liked the rpg aspect and I loved the Lovecraftian basis. If you are a fan of survival then I suggest getting it. The price seems fair for what I played, good replay too."
76561198131585313,Recommended,304650,24332429,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Elite77,"This game is great. The only downside I've found, is that there are quite a few loading screens. In other reviews, complain complain about the repitiveness of the game, but, to be honest, it enhances the experience. The game is meant to simulate the life of a captain who's sent out into the darkness time after time, only to die, lose everything, or risk it all for a chance to complete his goals.Pros:Easy to navigate, well drawn UIAnything can run this, even on highThe atmosphere fits the game really wellThe soundtrack is amazing, but loops alotThe game needs careful resource management (This might be a turn off, but I like games that are legitimately difficult to beat)The story is great, with thousands of ways to playCons:There are a lot of loading screens imo, which is annoying, but not bad eitherThe game can get a bit grindy, which is annoying, but take a chance every once in a while, and you'll be setSoundtrack loops alot, which is a painThe verdict:9.5/10, you should buy it. It's worth it at full price, but I'd recommend buying it on sale."
,Recommended,304650,20872034,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Usually I'm not a fan of indie games where you're probably going to die several times but this is the exception. Its simple but it works. You are a zee captain and are tasked with not dying to some random horror, while reporting back to Fallen London every now and then."
,Not Recommended,304650,19902813,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ConaN,"I really tried to like the game, but ultimately it was a big let down.You start to explore the world, read the stories, get killed by running out of fuel or food or sanity. No problem your heir will be better off.You collect things, complete quests, visit every isle, complete the quests of your officers. At this point you will start using the sunless sea wiki more and more and start to see the bad side of the game.Will you ever have the money to upgrade your ship ? I didnt, after 24 hours I was still using the beginner boat and was struggling with obscure quest items taking away precious cargo space because they are a rare trade good too (hours of assembly to now sell the item for a couple 100 gold wth, nope keep it for that quest later, even if you can take less and less food and coal with you).I liked the interactive book elements on the various islands, sadly many of them are streched out and gated up by very tedious item collection runs, you better write down what you need where or you constantly use the wiki.After doing my fair share of quests and loooong boring voyages collecting port reports over and over, using cheese tactics to kill some heavier enemies and finding that they are not worth the struggle and risk at all.Then cruising around for hours to collect tokens from 5 different locations to complete a quest and get a one shot ammunition for a weapon that requires another long assembly run and would only take space away too, it was time to call it quits. All motivation died."
76561198147432201,Not Recommended,304650,33316193,Posted: 6 July,all,Rattenkermis,"tl;dr - I'm unsure what to think of this game. I opted not to recommend this game, because I feel the issues I have with this game outweigh everything I love about it. But, if what I find to be problems wouldn't bother you the slightest bit, go for it.------Sunless Sea is a game that focusses on immersive, atmospheric gameplay, set in a dark fantasy / victorian gothic world. Everything about the previous sentence is something I just love and can't get enough of. Graphicly this game is just wonderful (eventhough it doesn't support resolutions over 1080p) and the sounds really work towards a very immersive game with a great setting.  It reminds me of H.P. Lovecraft and specifically of boardgames based around his novels. Some of the artwork seems as if it would fit in nicely in Call of Cthulhu or Arkham Horror. Even some gameplay elements work towards this comparison (the cards / feats you gather while on sea).But other than that, the gameplay is just... not that good. Even plain bad at places. The game seems to focus on atmosphere and narrative, rather than on providing a fun experience.You start up the game, get no explanation on anything, and are immediatly slapped in the face with several walls of text (even an entire manual) to read in game. Nothing is narrated or otherwise visual, we're talking text (with hyperlinks) here. These walls of text are filled with in-game terms you haven't heard of before this moment: Veils, Echo's, Terror, ... Yet you are expected to know what it's about right away. We're also not talking about simple English here. We're talking specific in-game terms and we're talking advanced vocabulary. (I'm a non-native, though very proficient, English speaker and I had to google words.) Turns out reading these walls of text comes in handy, but is not important in any way. Greeeaaat.After this, I had to to ""create a character"", which is to be understood as ""pick between several options and categories of which you don't know what's what"". Woopteedoo. Consequently, you're dropped in the big mean world without as much as a direction what to do and where to go.In one way, that's kind of the point: You can do whatever you damn well please.In another way, that's kind of a shame: Minor guidance (atleast in the first few bits of the game) would be a great boon.You get some pop-ups to the left and the right of the screen. Some you can click, some you can't. You get some more walls of text. Some you'll read, some you'll respond to with ""f-- it"". And that's it: Go about and be merry.I played, figuring out the game as I went, and found it to be... lacking. You sail around on your boat, you discover stuff, you're rewarded fragments (took me a google to find out that's Zee-speak for 'XP'), occassionally you dock, you click some pop-ups, get some more pop-ups and you sail around some more. This repeats itself. (Sometimes interrupted by convoluted combat or random occurances.) Add to this that the game is excruciatingly slow and that you're in a constant struggle with the limitations of your inventory... Urgh.I googled a guide with some beginner's tips and found that, in short, the above is mostly all that's to it. Sure, you get some semblance of quests (sail from A to B, pick-up X and drop off Y) and there's a trading system and whatnot. But the point of it all is: Sail around, gather money (called ""echo's"", by the way), get rich and retire. That's it. Apart from the setting, I'm not sure I find this appealing at all. (Come to think about it, the setting is the only reason why I bought the game in the first place.)Too bad. I really liked Fallen London ..."
76561198050787659,Recommended,304650,29512053,Posted: 26 January,all,ZeroKelvin,"I surfaced to avoid a raging 20-foot sea anemone, dodged carefully around a glowing golden battleship, nearly blew up my engines escaping a 300-foot ship made of spiders, then dove and ran into a 50-foot spider who chased me into a sub base made of solid ivory where they chop off your fingers if you don't give them gifts.9.5/10, would surface to avoid a raging 20-foot sea anemone, dodge carefully around a glowing golden battleship, nearly blow up my engines escaping a 300-foot ship made of spiders, then dive and run into a 50-foot spider who chases me into a sub base made of solid ivory where they chop off your fingers if you don't give them gifts again."
,Not Recommended,304650,28855173,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DrieStone,"Interesting, and very cool concept, but is somehow lacking. A lot of reading, and the UI tree of the docks is confusing and painful to navigate. Goals are not clear while playing the game, and it's ploding. Worse, it's static map and it's easy to run out of fuel or have your crew die.Maybe I'm missing something, but after playing for an hour (and dying several times). I'm throwing in the towel. I really wanted to like this one. :/"
,Recommended,304650,23619978,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Chief Rocka,"Extremely solid exploration game. Recommended to anyone looking for a story-driven narrative, a lovecraftian/ dark horror, or anyone interested iTHE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN."
76561198063948212,Not Recommended,304650,23356355,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,avschroe4317,"There is so much to love about this game, but the pacing of the stories and the slow travel through the UnterZee makes this one of the most excruciating games to get sucked into."
,Recommended,304650,25153448,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lord_cheeso,"This is the story of Tsu Wen Laka.  A philosopher who set sail from Fallen London, Laka wandered aimlessly and foolishly took a job from a ""Cheery"" Man.  The Man warned him not to return without completing the job, but couldn't actually mark Laka's map to show him where he was supposed to go.  Laka could not find the island, desperately returned to London to resupply, and was murdered by his employer.So, actually, this is the story of Ashta Ruual.  A war veteran who set out north, Ruual decided to go past the world's end, and lost all his supplies.  Desperate for food, he engaged a pirate vessel many times his strength and was sunk.So, actually, this is the story of Tilly DuPont.  An urchin, she was way more successful than her rivals before her.  The first to visit the world above, and raise a foundling as a Scion.  Her affairs with her engineer, however, earned the ire of her lover in London, who left with the child.  Driven to madness, she attempted to sail past the Dawn Machine, which only drove her deeper into insanity.  Invariably, her crew turned on her, and she was killed.So, actually, this is the story of the Shadowed Stranger, who's owner gave up and started reading the Wiki.  The Stranger was able to get several important tomes necessary to raise the stats of his predecessor.  He was the first to actually be able to upgrade his ship, and ventured beyond the High Gate with the Merchant.So, actually, this is the story of Mara Sei.  A disgraced priest, Mara Sei...Et cetera.The most frustrating part of this game is its lack of direction.  You'll get vague instructions like ""in the southern corner of the map"" which is a vast expanse that will sap all of your fuel to reach, let alone explore, and then you'll struggle and die.  On the other hand, if you explore too slowly, the Admiralty doesn't pay well enough to keep food in your hold.This is a game that simultaneously rewards and punishes caution.  They want you to play on their hardcore mode (autosaves only), but it's pretty brutal.  Especially since the map changes on each playthrough.On the other hand, this is a fascinating world and story, but I have no sense of what the history of the world is.AND WHY CAN NO ONE SELL YOU A SIMPLE MAP!?"
76561198046548294,Not Recommended,304650,26478851,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Venarlia,"I'm trying very hard to enjoy this game but it's difficult, it takes a lot from you and gives very little in return. From my experience so far the cons are too many and the pros too few.Pros:-Wonderful setting-Sense of gratification when you progress-Time sink-Story drivenCons:-Travel is arduous-Fuel and supplies take up majority of hold space-A lot of empty content (Combat and trading, very grindy)-Poor quest tracking (A journal where the player could read the dialogue from previous conversations would be ace. Captain writes down every little thing that happens at zee from waves hitting the boat to sounds he can hear on the wind, but fails to log in his journal where he's going, what he's picking up or why he's even doing it)-Progress is slow-Big margin for error (Failing % based skill checks which occur often can often be disastrous)-Too little story (For a game based mostly off its writing, they only give you small snippets, lots of short stories without much character)This game could've been so good but it falls short in so many areas. The poor gameplay would be fine if the writing and story came easily and was well written, but it's not, instead it's mediocre in both areas.TL:DRNot enough bang for your buck."
76561198019424810,Recommended,304650,28759844,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Doubleclick,"I love this. It's great if you enjoy gambles and payoffs, and most of all if you enjoy weird Victorian/Edwardian horror and dark humour. It's not so good if you're into pure gameplay skills, or even if you like text-based games that put you in the shoes of a Sherlock-esque detective. Sunless Sea is not out to reward you for either of those abilities. It wants you to sneak past pirate ships and sea monsters with your lights off for as long as your crew's nerves can take it. It wants to look at the proposition from the stranger, see the hints of danger, and say ""yes"" anyway (and if you say ""no"", you'll probably miss something great and/or beneficial).It's a slow-paced game, the crawl of which matches the creeping dread of the setting. It's cruel at first, but the more places you see and the more secrets you learn, the more power you'll have."
76561197969508564,Not Recommended,304650,29331770,Posted: 17 January,all,DamnedChoir,"Great atmosphere, background, and story...incredibly frustrating game mechanics.If you've got a lot of time on your hands (and a lot of patience) it's worth it...but somehow I feel a bit cheated to be forced to plow through the same content over and over to search for some new and moderately fun/creepy story beats."
76561198049033676,Recommended,304650,28609338,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tom Spanks,"I love this game! Although it is extremely difficult to survive, the challenging aspect of this game makes me come back for more!"
76561198012833532,Recommended,304650,29656314,Posted: 2 February,all,Awesomo 2000,"There is something reall poetic about Sunless Sea that keeps me wanting to explore the world. Even though the rogue-like elements of this game makes me furious when my captains die, I want to get into the ship again and start exploring the seas. I imagine with some voice-acting and little more friendly user interface (so I know what I have to do to get better this and that) it would be one of the best games ever, but that could just be me, as I am not well versed in rogue-like."
76561197988026411,Recommended,304650,29778637,Posted: 8 February,all,m00n,""" I'm lost in the zee. No matter the quality of my map. No matter the will of my foolish crew. At some point, my mind take a deep breath, the last clearly one. Leaving the three mad sisters (or is it me? IS IT?!) far behind me. I know, that only my inheritance is going to survive. ""A real adventure, only for the brave who know the meaning of being RP.I saw some players complaining about the fact that you can ruin your game by being out of gas (and this kind of stuff).>> This is EXACTLY the game point. You HAVE to make hard decisions, count every penny, and accept the fact that you endure the zee.10/10 This game will be on my will."
76561198030404316,Recommended,304650,29794461,Posted: 8 February,all,definitelynotalpharius,"Sunless Sea is quite possibly one of the best games I have ever played. The writing is excellent, the choices actually make you think, and almost every character is fascinating. The only flaw is the combat system, which is rather annoying, but if since you almost never have to fight anyway it has little effect on the game. Also the tagline, go insane and eat you crew? Yeah, you can actually do that. 10/10, would become a murderous cannibal again."
76561198055334695,Recommended,304650,33033504,Posted: 30 June,all,L'inspecteur Pénis,Muy bien
,Recommended,304650,20826076,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,NOVAx100,TLDR: It's difficult. It's terrifying on an imaginary level. It's full of curiosities and stories!!!I don't quite know how to describe this game. It is challenging and interesting in a curious way. Fallen London seems to be this under-earth sea civilization and you're simply living your life trying to make a go of thing.The atmosphere in this game is what captures my imagination and my mind is filled with these vibrant scenes and imagery of what's being described in the game.You're going to die. You have to take risks. It's terrifying. I love it.
76561198096205809,Recommended,304650,26404430,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Man From The Internet,"The zee has called me... For just one more quest, serisouly just this last one.If you enjoy at all choose-your-own adventure style books, exploration, cthulu type worlds, please check this game out. Absolutely fantastic work by the devs, they have put their hearts, irons and souls into this game."
76561197992369007,Recommended,304650,26467751,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Drona,"Pros:Immediately addictive, with layers of storyline which emerge as you begin to peel back each encounter and adventure. Wonderful soundtrack. Natural progression of ""skill,"" as you begin to discover paths to make money, grow your power and rule the Zee.Con:Only con is that there's a little too much ""transparency."" The game displays the growth of arbitrary storyline variables with sparse comments which can sometimes make progression a little confusing.Overall: 9/10. Awesome"
76561197980541527,Recommended,304650,26489905,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Synnono,"Take to the dark waters, but beware. There are powers."
76561198136570875,Recommended,304650,26264278,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,fubishio,"This game is really really fun but I do think its almost mandatory for you to use a mod to speed up the boat speed and everything because a few minutes in between every island is a bit much. I do suggest you at least play a small portion of it at its original speed as the game is really good at setting an eerie mood. People will say that the speed and pace is a con, but when the dev's make it so easy to change, there is no reason to gripe about it at all.Pros-extremely detailed world and environment-certain amount of replayability-many different victory paths and play paths-fairly challenging riddles/puzzles-lots of fun sidewhat people may find frustrating because its a roguelike game, roguelike fans like this though-higher learning curve-death and rng are quite common especially on the first full playthrough-exploring new areas and trying new things will probably kill you if you dont know what they do and don't prepare adequately-items/status are ambiguous for example, what may be a debuff(menace) may actually pay out more in the late game and things that help early on in the game may hurt more in the late game-surprisingly well balanced, there isn't a whole lot of abusable stuff to farm money and stuff, although good trades and options do exist and come through experience or googling it-many things to keep track of like side quests, items, travel pathsPeople may think that those above are cons but it is a roguelike game and to play the game with any other expectations is kinda silly. Only true con is the vanilla speed and pace of the game which is easily changed at your own discretion. I <3 this game though, the story is beautiful and the story is great, the game is surprisingly indepth, and there is no way you can find everything through one playthrough, don't be afraid to google when you are stuck though, no point in beating up something you dont understand XD."
,Not Recommended,304650,26179648,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,summer,"Nice writing but the game machanics are broken up to a point that I regret engaging in this game. Here is why:If you die(and is a struggle not to), you are supposed to remember all the chocices because you wont read all stories again, right? So after I first died after a longer playthrough I was not sure If I wanted to give it a second chance.Lots of mechanics are not logical* (look at the bottom for justification) or player is not informed about the outcome of major decisions which frequentily is fatal for the run that is usually quite long (10, 20 or 30 hours).You really need to be playing with wiki if you want to have chances to get further and I don't think this is desirable.Also the oxford-english is damaging the experience greatly for people who are not A-level speakers.Althought the first two or three playthroughts were fun(10 hours), later attempts to beating the game brought strong frustration. (Yes I had fun for many hours, but i disregard that if I cant have satisfaction from finishing the game!)Writing is great but the game design is substantialy flawed. The text novel mixed with a rouge-like game is a misconception for me.Designers should think twice before releasing a thing that is engaging but not rewarding. This is acutally harming the people playing the game.*Example: Fuel consumption does not depend on the ship speed but on type of the engine. AND better engine makes you actually less efficient (money/distance) altough a little bit (imo way too small bit) faster. Here is the link to research that my comments are based on:http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/174752/whats-the-most-efficient-way-to-travel-with-your-lamp-lit"
,Recommended,304650,27395322,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doc General,You'll learn to appreciate sunlight.
,Recommended,304650,25898454,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"I still don't really make money in this game but its still fun. All I do is scrape by and barely survive; its kind of hard that way. It's kind of in the same vain as FTL and 80 days, but darker and a little slower. Its a buy."
76561198031908428,Recommended,304650,24290014,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,trepid222,FTL on sea with lore. Requires many playthroughs and is as addictive.
76561198053927329,Not Recommended,304650,29994965,Posted: 17 February,all,izenkan,"I really really wanted to like this game, it looks phenominal but... it just isn't. I enjoy a good slow paced strategy game... but this could honestly be titled ""reading simulator 2017."" Other people say it fits in a niche market and they are so true. This game looks fantastic and does so many amazing things but its just not for somone like me. Its just too slow and isn't rewarding when you complete something."
,Not Recommended,304650,30017459,Posted: 18 February,all,neondead,Steering the boat constantly gets annoying fast as the ship moves at speed of a snail. It takes me 4 mins to travel and find about 1 min of gameplay. I bought the double speed upgrade after 2 hours playing. No help! Disappointing.With a complex storyline and no tutorial the games is difficult as it especially if you try and find the secrets on your own. You will  need to do that with a pen and paper in hand as the game offers no easy task management or objective/quest tracker. Storyline get mixed up and you may screw yourself over horribly with no fault of your own. It may be fun but not when you have to go through the grind every time you die. The same start ever time taking 2 hours just to get basic income to get started.Played during the free weekend.
76561197962429511,Not Recommended,304650,30081825,Posted: 21 February,all,BonafideSupraman,"Funless Sea. :(Let me start off by giving Sunless Sea credit for some splendid writing. I found the atmosphere of the game world intriguing and wish I could've seen more of it. Unfortunately the actual ""gameplay"" is an exercise in tedium. You will spend the majority of your time puttering along at a crawl, waiting for your ship to arrive at a port.I consider myself a patient person. I don't mind slow, thoughtful games. But there is no thought required in the waters between ports, just lost minutes. Trying to compensate, I made it my first objective to earn the 500 echoes necessary to upgrade to the next level of engines. But, after doing so and seeing virtually no increase in speed, I had to stop and ask myself, ""am I actually having fun?"" Answer: ""no.""If this game added a time-scaling option where the player could speed things up maybe four or eight times while out of combat, I could enjoy it. But, as it is, I don't have the time for it."
,Not Recommended,304650,30019200,Posted: 18 February,all,Melwen,"Tutorial is a window with a scrollbar: not enough. I didn't know how could I repair my hull. I ended up trading my ship for another one which was even worse (with only one hull point instead of 7/75), bumping it into a port and sinking. It seems my captain drowned next the port. Huh.You can buy equipment that your ship does not support and nobody will tell you. You can sell it back for half the money.You pass most of the time reading a UI which is 1/4 of your screen. Choosing what to say to a character and exploring an island uses the same menu and ""Go"" button inside this little window. There are not even pop up dialogs. Buying and selling items happens inside this little window too.Permadeath is on from the beginning, seems you can deactivate it but this is not very visible.Seems too complex for not having a proper tutorial, and when you sail on you feel without knowing what to do.By the way, if you check Metacritic's user scores and check some of the 10 and 9 scores you will find that some of them reviewed only this game. An account for one review."
,Recommended,304650,26561126,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A slow-moving, well-detailed ""roguelike seafarer"" with great depth (pun not intended) for those willing to take the time.  Take control of a freelance vessel in a subetrranean London that's Monty Python by way of HP Lovecraft, explore a world of terror and wonder while trying to survive  - and if you don't, you can leave a legacy behind.  Great purchase for fans of well-written games who like trading/adventure games, and probably one of the most well-written games you'll play.Sunless Sea is set in the world of Fallen London, a well-detailed universe made famous in a browser game which you should be playing anyway.  Unlike it's text-based predecessor where you play an adventurous individual, you're a captain of a ship on the underground ""Zee,"" out to make your fortune in the vast underground world of fallen cities, religious cults, frost castles, devils, and of course, Rubbery Lumps.The basic gameplay is one of voyaging from place to place running errands and perhaps trade - this is made complicated by the challenges of the Zee - no light except for beetle-bouys and habitations, monsters, and a map that shifts each new character.  You've got to manage fuel to avoid being stranded, food to avoid . . . unpleasant meal choices . . . and terror to keep your crew from going bonkers.  You're one tiny ship in a gloriously macabre world that doesn't care if you live or die.However the travelling is only part of the game - the journey between locations is important, but the locations matter.  Each port has its own quirks, stories, opportunities, and horrors.  You will get choices you can't go back on, and amazing opportunities.  Ports change in time, having their own tales.  Missions will send you to wonders and terrible places. The stories and choices in this game really bring it to life.  I found myself feeling affection towards some of the characters with their generically descriptive names, like the Dark-Spectacled Admiral.On your ship, you'll recruit assorted crewmembers with their own tales and options and traits.  Many will help you, some have their own ambitions, and some might end up becoming your lover.  Life's complicated on the Zee, and everyone has stories.As for your ship, get ready for a dizzying array of options that may take awhile to afford - guns, extras, equipment, and more.  Plenty of choices await you.Finally, back home in London, you'll have options for how to live your life and maybe even retire.  Buy a house, get married, create a personal museum, live your lifelong ambition, raise a child.Oh, and if you die?  You get to leave a legacy behind, making the next game easier.  Choose wisely on this, by the way - I made a few unwise choices that kept me stagnating for hours.Finally, read EVERYTHING.  The game is witty, well-written, and packed with humor both dark and sparkling.So who's this game for?* If you like a challenging sim-type game and like stories it's a good call.  It awards careful thought.* If you like trade/resourcing games you'll probably do well.  There's plenty of challenges that, at the same time, aren't overly complicated once you figure them out - but the difficult story choices will spice it up.* If you want something with a truly different world and are ready for a challenge.A fair warning to those intrigued by the storytelling aspect of the game - the game is brilliant, but hard.  It rewards attention and planning.  The storytelling is great, but the game can be brutal, so be ready for that."
,Recommended,304650,26992623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eremur,"Sunless Sea is a sort-of-but-not-quite roguelike game set on the Unterzea. You depart from the City of Fallen London aboard your tramp steamer to find a journey of discovery, wealth, horror, and almost certain death. The meat of the gameplay experience is zailing through the procedurally generated Zea to strange new lands, trying not to starve, be eaten by monsters are go mad with fear until you reach an island where you can pick up supplies and playthrough a story, and it's in the stories that the game truly shines. The writing in Sunless Sea is excellent, more than making up for the lacklustre combat and generally slow pace of exploration. They tend towards the creepy and the bizzare, and the top notch visuals and sound design complement the mood of the text brilliantly.The zailing makes up most of the game though, and while I certainly enjoy it, it's far from perfect. Exploring into uncharted parts of the zea, with no idea how long until you find land, watching your fuel and supplies slowly run out and your crew become more and more frightened is compellng stuff for the first few playthroughs, but play the game long enough and you'll be able to figure out where you should go and how much supplies you should bring even at the start of the game with a whole new unuxplored map. This is because the island positions change, but for gameplay balance can't change to dramatically; certain islands will always be near each other, others will always be close to london, some always in the southern part of the map, etc. This means that no game is generated where success is impossible, but since the content of the islands tends to stay the same you eventually become so familiar with it that the sense of exploration is dulled considerably.Of course, as of writing I have 121 hours in Sunless Sea, so I obviously think the good outweighs the bad."
,Recommended,304650,30042105,Posted: 19 February,all,Dr.Larry,"I'm a little bit disappointed in some of the recent negativereviewsof this title.While I can understand and certainly respect some of the feedback provided by those who have written thought out and critical evaluations of Sunless Sea it seems a lot of those who rate it down do so for the wrong reasons. Or, at least, went in with the wrong expectations treating this title as something it is not.A lot of the complaints seem to be about the reward -- or lack of -- for undertaking voyages and how they get very little for sailing from one side of the map to another. This seems to me the polar opposite of what you should expect when getting into this title. Too many people place value on in-game assets as a form of entertainment as opposed to the experience you're supposed to get out of it by way of narrative and exploration. This narrative, the exploration and enjoyment of the game come from exploring and reading new and different adventures or stories as you progress instead of monetary rewards for simply traveling far and wide with the purpose of simply upgrading your ship. This title's emphasis is about taking the time to invest yourself in it's atmosphere, lore, the denizens of the unterzee and the harshness of the game's universe which should have been plain to see from the very first line in the game's description;LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW. DIE. Take the helm of your steamship and set sail for the unknown! Sunless Sea is a game of discovery, loneliness and frequent death...In Sunless Sea the idea of upgrading your ship isn't necessarily to have the biggest and most effective ship or loadout in the game but to have enough to keep you going from one adventure to the next with a little spare to keep you afloat and maybe upgrade further down the line. You will die, it's expected, and you're supposed to continue from where your previous captain died as a fresh and more experienced person in the game world. To rate it down simply because you did not get enough to survive and found it hard to upgrade completely misses the point and makes most of these negative reviews moot. Is it a bad game because someone got into it for the wrong reasons? No, not at all. It's akin to getting into a first person shooter somewhat like Call of Duty yet expecting a non-linear, open world realistic military shooter. It just isn't that type of game and reviews of such are more subjective as opposed to objective; needless to say subjectivism inreviewsisn't exactly what you should be basing your final conclusion on.The game itself is well presented, well written and it's tough. It's meant to be tough and unforgiving as it adds to the atmosphere, the feeling of loss when you undertake long voyages and are forced to lose crew members you've invested time in. It results in the player making harsh decisions they won't soon forget and make them think twice in the future when they choose specific routes or options in who they side with, what they decide to do on moral grounds or financial grounds. Have your character fall in love, feel that loss when the time invested in such an affair is ripped away from the player through neglect or the death of said interest or the character themselves. It's all part of the experience and that's the kind of experience you should expect when getting into Sunless Sea.I highly recommend this title as it does what it sets out to do, doing so extremely well, and can have players lose countless hours in it's universe and become deeply invested. However, don't enter the Unterzee expecting anything other than a tough experience which forces you to learn from your mistakes. Expect an adventure of well written stories littered throughout the game world and the high possibility of having to start over again with the experience of your mistakes from a previous life.Objectively this is a great game. Subjectively this is not a game for everyone. Make sure you research this title before you go in and know what to expect. Afterall, you wouldn't buy Stellaris if you really wanted a game like Civilization or Endless Legend."
76561198007225917,Recommended,304650,33545746,Posted: 14 July,all,Lucifer 666,The best survival game so far and alot things to do in game
76561198153037749,Recommended,304650,35082679,Posted: 20 September,all,DarthPeyder,I absolutely love this game! the characters and stories are really grand. The whole game feels like it is a tiny part of a larger universe. I've seen some people complain about the grind but then you're just playing the game wrong. The point here is to go as far as you can and use what you find along the way to make money instead of going to the same place and back 20 times. I have no problem recommending this game to anyone who might be remotely interested.BTW Zubmariner is also a great DLC to get. It takes a while for you to get your zubmarine though.
,Recommended,304650,30974627,Posted: 6 April,all,♠.brT,"This is a Rogue Lite game, with a lot of adventures, plenty of stories and choices that have consequences, unfortunately one of the features of this genre is that you have no idea what anything does, so yeah googling everything is kinda important before making decisions, the tutorial doesn't really help that much, you will die, and that is also a feature of the game and of the genre itself, after you die you will pick another capitain and that capitain will have an easier start, you can choose what aspects of your previous capitain will pass over - or at least a portion of it - so it's not exactly a go back to zero start, it does give you some quickstart options if you died at the 'zee' (sea).I really do like the game and have already spent over 25 hours in it, lost a couple of capitains, and almost lost my current one to birds, yeah one thing that you will learn very quickly is don't mess with monsters and animals at the zee, because they will F you up, pirates are very easy to deal with though, so you can farm them for resources and even money (or echos as they call it in game)So besides 'zee' monsters and pirates, what else is trying to kill you? Everything,  even the zee itself (sea) is trying to kill you. The game has a terror mechanic, and every second you spend on the open zee you will be accumulating terror points, as you pass certain thresholds (which are not explained in the game at all by the way), you will start to get nightmares as well as ocasionally losing your sailors and you die if you lose all of them, those nightmares can increase terror, or reduce depending on how lucky you are or which choice you went with, if you pass the 90 points of terror, the music will change to a very dramatic and horrific song that is to no doubt scare the hell out of the player and make him/her seek refuge in a port quickly, the longer you spend over 90 points of terror the higher the chances of very bad events to happen, some pretty mild like losing a sailor here or there, but some events can quite literally kill you straight up, it will give you a almost impossible RNG choice, and you will die if you don't get extremely lucky in the dice, which needless to say if you add some insta death mechanic like that to an already confusing and not very well explained terror mechanic,  makes for some pretty infuriating deaths in the game.But again, death is not the end is just the begining of something new.The game does give you some ways of making sure that your next capitain will have a very good start, when you can write your own will and even leave him/her with a fantastic treasure that you will be able to use to get a quick start and not have to do the boring grinding that you most likely will have to do it at the begining.Other than getting killed at the zee there are also chances of getting killed in ports base on your choices, again keep in mind that being curious will increase your chances of death, while not being curious will certantly kill you from lack of progress and lack of resources, so you need to strike a balance somewhere along those lines.So besides trying to avoid death, what is the purpose of the game? You choose, the game gives you victory states at the begining of your career, and you can pick between several victory conditions, and you can change those victory conditions later in the game if you feel like trying to do something different with your capitain, or you can just explore and try to just follow some of the many adventures and plotlines in the game, because there are many that don't seen to be that related to any of the victory conditions, and there is a lot of mystery that you can try to shine a light on through out the game (and that has its own risks of death attached to it so keep that in mind).And since death is a major aspect of the game the replayability is obviously also important, and just like other games in the genre the map is somewhat random, so ports are not always in the same spot, which keeps the exploration part of the game fresh in each playthrough which is nice.It's a very fun game, great writing with some good sense of humor here in there, quite terrifying in some places and as i said, a lot of mystery to be solved, if you choose to do that, and that is another thing that the game does very well you have a lot of choices.It does have problems though, my biggest issue has to do with the bugs, the game is very well polished for the most part, but some bugs are present and they do tend to irritate me, especially since this game is also a survival game where you have to manage resources and you need to at any possible moment reduce terror somehow, and one of the most reliable ways of getting a big chunk of terror out of your head, is to go back to london after some time, unfortunately though this is where a glitch can happen, depending on your current missions, someone might imediatelly open up a conversation with you when you reach london, which i believe can cause the window that is supposed to allow you to reduce you terror back to 50, doesn't popup anymore which makes you unable to reduce your terro from the 90s. There are other ways of reducing terror though but they tend to cost resource or echoes (coin).  And again the way that the terror mechanic works is basically like a clock, everytime you leave port you are on a clock, you can not spent too much time at the zee or you risk literally getting killed by your own nightmares, or by your own crew in some situations (again RNG goes crazy by the time you reach terror level 90).Anyway, there is also a glitch that involves combat, if you engage in combat with a ship/monster and right as you destroy the ship/monster another enemy engages you, the game will glitch and you will be unable to fire back at your enemy, the only way to solve this as far as i know is to run as fast as you can until the combat mode can disengage and you can engage back on again.Anyway but after 25 hours in, those bugs are not really that problematic, they are annoying but they don't happen at a frequent enough basis to ruin the fun of the game.Overall the game is fantastic, even for someone like me. A lot of people compared this game to FTL and i think they are correct, but for me this games does something that FTL didn't which is to make me care about the characters and the story, that is the main focus of the game, and it accomplishes that objective very well, the story is very well written and the character are all very interesting and intriguing some ways, so even though i didn't like FTL, this game did enough things different to make me enjoy the hell out of this game. So i definitely recommend, it's a very fun game."
76561198016663970,Recommended,304650,26058331,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Arcturus Asriv,"A story-rich game, or rather experience, that doesn't hold your hand... is unmerciful... and yet oh so eloquent.Sunless Sea borrows a lot of the core mechanics from Fallen London, a long-running browser game, and adds travel, exploration and combat.If you've played Fallen London, then you'll know exactly what to expect.Lots of storylets and trinkets and strange people to encounter that affect your character and his or her progress, sometimes in subtle ways.There is no right way to play Sunless Sea.There is only the path that lays before you and the consequences of choices and actions.Left foot, right foot... deeper and deeper..."
76561198083818227,Not Recommended,304650,34143318,Posted: 10 August,all,blue--ink,"Can't believe I played this thing for 6 hours of mind numbing tedium. So many critics ranted about how great a title this was so I struggled though the slow, boring, repetitive game play. 6 damn hours of my life wasted waiting for things to hot up and get interesting.If you try this and you're not instantly taken with it please don't make the same mistake I made and trade that rubbish in before the poxey 2 hrs steam gives you to make an assessment runs out. The kick into high gear doesn't come"
76561198052982921,Not Recommended,304650,30001353,Posted: 17 February,all,Daikataro,"So, I played this game a really long time ago because of the several recomendations I read, about it being an indie gaming jewel and the narrative being compelling and enticing. and I did not exactly enjoy it. Now It showed up as free to play for the weekend, so I wanted to give it another chance to find out whether or not the rough edges had been sanded, and my veredict is... it is EXACTLY the same game I played almost two years ago, down to the pixel. I am certain it has its niche of people that will love it, but for me, this one's a definite no because:-Just as I remember, the game moves at a snail's pace, and literally any and everything in the zee moves faster than your starter ship. There is no fast travel to locations you already charted, no auto-pilot and no way to speed up time, so about 50% of your gaming experience is spent staring at the screen while your ship moves as fast as a slug on sandpaper-The tutorial is barely there, and it's the total absolute bare minimum an unpaid intern on his first day should do to be called a tutorial. The game has a metric♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of knowledge to learn, and it is tossed at you all at once, with barely any explaining.-The death mechanic is not exactly well implemented, dying sets you back way too often, and it more often than not, be due to circumstances you had no way to avoid. Back when I first played this almost 2 years ago, a lifeberg popped out of nowhere right in front of me: faster, harder, sturdier and stronger than me by several orders of magnitude and an attack on sight behavior. I could not outrun it, I could not fight it. Almost two years later, the experience repeats itself, and I was not in some far away bereft land, Ihad barely traveled a couple nautical miles away from London and an unbeatable enemy was already there.All in all, game feels slow, plays slow, explains little and gives even less after a long time playing it, and honestly a game that requires a 10 hour grind before you get to the good part is plain and simply not for me. I'm all for roguelikes and perma-death mechanics, but when it takes you 30 hours just to get back to where you were at, after dying because of randomness, it does not feel engaging, it's just a grind. Imma just uninstall and find something else, because even with the discount, the game is simply not my cup of tea, would probably gift it again should I receive it for free."
76561197964685724,Not Recommended,304650,30050093,Posted: 19 February,all,DBAP,"Different and fun, but it quickly becomes a text adventure that keeps you stuck in the less than fun moments. It has a lot of great game mechanics, but the overall experiance is slower than I would enjoy. Maybe a if there were voice overs instead of walls of text or faster ships with more complex combat besides get behind to win. Great job from a small developer, but it doesnt hit the spot for me."
,Recommended,304650,33203080,Posted: 3 July,all,E.,Veri sunles
76561198012860142,Not Recommended,304650,26012209,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Eyeball Frog,"This game makes you feel like a miniature sloth in a hamster wheel. Some of the reviews warned about this glacial movement speed but I wasn't expecting anything this extreme. Glaciers are actually melting pretty fast these days.I want to get to the storylines that already seem good, but I keep nodding off while trying to traverse the map.One thing I do like: new stories emerge over time when you re-visit locations. Some of these stories play out in unexpected ways. This is quite rare in video game land and a valid reason why the sunless sea would be loved by many.But video games shouldn't be this slow. They are meant for entertainment, not sedation."
76561198209135957,Not Recommended,304650,26550325,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,madbarrister,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥in GRND and RNG F -U.   When you have to download and memorize spreadsheet data to even make enough to cover gas for more than a week, your game is broken.  I like the story elements, but game mechanics was designed to make people sufffer.  Does not reward gameplay, or roleplaying.  Its just RNG results in death.  Lame.And the designers must be sadists.  So if you buy the best engine and have a crew of golems on deck and an engineer that gives a +100 to speed, your boat slowly crawls across the giant map.Before you can enjoy crawling across the map, you float so slowly, sometimes it looks like you are not moving.  You can try to speed it up a little (barely noticeable) by heating up your engines, which will kill your crew and you 1 out 5 times.If you like staring at a screen waiting for a boat to get somewhere, then this is your game.  You probably also like waiting in line at a bank and going to the DMV."
,Not Recommended,304650,30053819,Posted: 20 February,all,A Penguin,"Very disciplined, yet interesting rpg elements game about being a ship captain with a vast array of recruitable crew members.Quite interesting. Good game nonetheless. Wish it had a sequel, could have played it for longer.A good game to play if you're bored, but it's honestly not worth the frustration of losing in just 3 mins  of starting a new game."
76561198277467801,Not Recommended,304650,30055164,Posted: 20 February,all,Sphor,"With all honesty, the idea behind this game is great, but I wouldnt suggest it for the only reason that it is mostly strategy-storytelling, of which I liek the strategy bit, but find that it is too much story based; if the sort of game that you like is based on those grounds ,however, this might be the game for you!The ambience is great, it really gives the sort of mysterious and spooky feeling, in an extremely weird place and it does give the impression of being in an extremely hostile environment where not even humans are willing to help. I would say regarding the ambient, this game spotted on! But there too few animations, and if you are just for the action, this game might get a little tiny bit boring, and end up forgetting you even have it."
76561197962906572,Not Recommended,304650,30052049,Posted: 19 February,all,MrMiskatonic,"Liked: Amazing art and atmosphere, great narrative and lovecraftian in every sense of the word,Dislikes: The resource managment is very unforgiving and primary resources like food and fuel are too difficult to come by which detract from the overall enjoyment of the game I think if they would have allowed for a rowing or sail option when you run out of fuel would have made it more enjoyable instead of simply loosing, also not being able to fish for food would have been an acceptable addition along with an icon over what ports actually have food or fuel for purchase.  Lastly i think if the map was more interactive or let you put notes on it or would coincide with where you need to go for what quest youve selected is a greatly needed addition.  I think this game is so highly polished in many ways but yet lacks some simple mechanics that would of really made it a homerun.Overall: buy this game if you enjoy playing something that induces anxiety and stress and could possibly drive you into the depths of actual lovecraftian madness this making you walk away from it for hours, days or even weeks at a time.Sidenote: sunless sky is the sequel currently on kickstarter and it may have addressed some of these mentioned shortcomings."
76561198030762448,Recommended,304650,29986983,Posted: 17 February,all,☢⚡O.W.⚡☢ MadHSSniper,"You must ask yourself these questions:- Do you like reading? A lot??- Do you prefer story to graphics, gameplay, etc?- Do you have the patience to play a game that is quite slow and sometimes with some repetitive actions?If you answered ""No"" to at least one of those questions you probably will not enjoy this game. This is literally a book inside a game, but unlike most games and movies that were made and/or adapted from books this one actually ""forces"" you to read the story instead of narrating it you in an audible form.It is a curious and very different game from what most people is used to, but I recommend this game to those who enjoy the genre because it IS a good game, just not pleasing enough to my own taste for me to play anything more than the first free weekend this game had a while back."
,Recommended,304650,11072759,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ronys2,"*Update 04 November 2014Dev's still routinely rolling out more story line and additional ports, Trade is better balanced now with feasible ways to earn echo's. There is still some grinding involved in order to get enough echo's for larger ships and upgrades but all in all it isn't too bad. Terror is more manageable now. Still a few bugs here and there but nothing totally game breaking. Randomly generated maps have been instated, and there's a lot more story content since my original review. Game has a much better combat system now with it being live action, more enemies both creature wise and other pirate ship wise. The story content is great, and the artwork even though it's a 2d game looks great the environmental animations bring the world to life, although I  would like to see more added. Over all game play has improved greatly. Can't wait to see and play this game in the final form./UpdateThis game has the potential to be a great game, as long as the DEV continue to update and add more content on a regular basis.There is a lot of room for improvement as far as the Economy of the game is concerned, Trade goods pricing need to be balanced better, so you can actually make a little $ transporting goods from one place to another. With the current prices it's one hell of a grind to make enough echoes for upgrades and supplies so you can continue to play.Terror also needs a bit of work, in my opinion. There needs to be better ways of combating terror when at sea, or at the very least, the methods that are in place currently to combat terror need to be changed so they actually help to reduce it by a more significant amount instead of only removing 1-5 points of terror at a time. Also for as fast as Terror builds up and increases when out at sea, I think by returning home to Fallen London, terror levels should be reduced more than to just the 50 level, or at least add the chance for it to be reduced further than just 50, perhaps a chance for it to be reduced to 25 or even a slight chance of being reset to 0. Getting your terror level reduced to 50 doesn't allow much room for longer journeys especially early on in the game when you don't have the echoes to purchase upgrades that can help with speed, therefore causing less terror to build up.All in all, like I said above this game has huge potential, It's an enjoyable game to play as is, but definitely needs balance changes made in the economy to allow less of a grind when starting a new career.Very high potential in current standings to be a great game upon the completion of the early access stage but It is still an Early Access Game that needs and will hopefully be getting updates and tweaks made regularly.I can see how this game in its current state might turn quite a few people off, b/c it is such a grind getting started. The grind can lead to boredom (doing the same run over and over b/c it's the only way to make echo's at current) or due to the combat system in its current state (very predictable). But once again this is an Early Access Game. I can only hope that the DEV will listen to their consumers and make changes accordingly."
76561197988061338,Recommended,304650,14678509,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,RileyWRussell,"The most drawn in to a games atmosphere and story as I've been since the original Bioshock. Just amazing writing that really makes you see what you're reading off the screen. Some complain about the combat and speed, but I enjoy it. If you could zip to the other side of the games map in a matter of minutes it would completely ruin the game.Great little game, well worth the price."
,Not Recommended,304650,29982098,Posted: 17 February,all,Artorias The Abysswalker,the game is way to confusing to play and it doesnt tell you everything you need to know to play. too much reading and the tutorial is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007747398,Recommended,304650,29999412,Posted: 17 February,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"The game has a good atmosphere and a balanced strategy setting. But it's not for people who are impatient, because gold is hard to comeby and the ship sails quite slow."
76561198062332359,Recommended,304650,29048447,Posted: 5 January,all,KOoT3,I RECOMMEND
76561198054238838,Not Recommended,304650,30044700,Posted: 19 February,all,Waffleman,"The game has way to many rescources to manage at once, most of the resources in the game are primarily funded through buying them in shops for gold. The only problem is that collecting gold becomes more tedious the farther you get into the game, so it becomes a grind very fast. If your into games where progress is extremly limited for the first couple of hours than this is the game for you, otherwise I highly reccomend not waisting your money."
,Recommended,304650,30060393,Posted: 20 February,all,Szaal,"Not bad, in fact this game has pretty good mechanism and creepy Lovecraftian things.However, the only thing that hold it back is...*wait for itThe UIFor such a game with immense number of stories in it, the user interface is soooo cluttered. It's hard to keep track of things, especially the stories!Although actually it doesn't take long to get used to the UI, I just found that whenever I'm about to play Sunless Sea, there's this word crosses my mind ""Beware, UI.""Keep in mind that I only played the game in the free week, though."
,Recommended,304650,30064542,Posted: 20 February,all,DARK3063,its fun but the game needs a bit more in directions if your going to so limited in the begaining because you can never find were the admral wants you to go or wherever the smuggler guy wants you to go. not far from native waters isn't very helpfulof a hint
76561198053180393,Recommended,304650,30064484,Posted: 20 February,all,DudeGuy,Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys heavy lore based gameplay. The world is masterfully crafted with narrative motivated plot. An wasy game to pick up and a tough game to master.
76561197994687358,Recommended,304650,30061947,Posted: 20 February,all,Sauram Hussein,"You will die. You will come back. You will arm yourself with the best guns and zail around until you meet your horrible end.If you like H.P. Lovecraft, Edgar Allan Poe or horror of any kind, buy this game. You won't see writing like this anywhere else. The atmosphere of living in a terror world has never been done better. Don't listen to the crybabies who are downvoting this game because of the clunk combat (Yes, it is clunky. No, that is not important for the experience)."
76561198137364984,Not Recommended,304650,30045452,Posted: 19 February,all,samicx_sigma,"I played this game during a free weekend.I like the atmosphere and there are neat ideas going on, but this game has too many issues to recommend for purchase. The game is text heavy, which would be fine if the text wasn't so small. I'm baffled at the poor menu design, and it really needs to be cleaned up so that menu navigation can be smoother. The grind sucks too, and most reviewers seem to hate the grinding the most. And honestly, the price is too high for this type of game.I think this game would be a lot better with a faster pace and more RNG elements, but that's just my opinion.I'm probably not going to visit this game again any time soon."
76561198091748627,Not Recommended,304650,15147946,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ih8tskewl,"Is it well written? Yes. Other than that, there is almost nothing going for this game. It is incredibly monotonous, with the same missions having to be redone over and over and over. After the 4th or 5th death, you begin to care nothing of what there is or is not out there to explore."
76561197998718279,Not Recommended,304650,14493449,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,l33tspock,"Sunless sea feels like a mining game.The deeper you go the more risks you have to not be able to come back except you aren't mining for ore you are mining for quests, which in turn give you fuel and supplies.  Fuel and Supplies are the key thing in this game, and they are difficult to come by.The atmosphere is it's only redeaming quality, but it feels stretched thin by the questing dynamic which has you take part in wow style fetch and bring back ruining this atmosphere that the developers obviously put effort into.if you don't quest, you won't get fuel and supplies, if you don't have fuel and supplies you die.TL;DRGreat audio and visuals, great atmosphereruined by:lazy game progression."
,Not Recommended,304650,25186359,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,-V-,"I set sail on the Unterzee expecting adventure and tales to be told.  Instead, all I found was a dreadfully boring boat ride.  Procedurally generated, this game is not.  The most important places will always be in the same place, and the quests you encounter will always be the same from captain to helpless captain.  There's only so many times you can visit the same locations until you realize this game is dreadfully boring.  To make matters worse, the text is utterly squintworthy.  I regret paying full price for this game, and had I not truly believed this game could maybe, hopefully, become more enjoyable as time went on, I would have most certainly requested a refund."
76561197960494178,Recommended,304650,14396838,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Eterm,If you like FTL you'll enjoy this.
,Not Recommended,304650,15334980,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"This game seems like it should be just up my ally.It's not however... There's something to it, I think it's the gamespeed, that turns me off.I love roguelikes, I love horror, and I love the whold doomed sunken world thingy. But it takes waaay too long to do, well, anything in this game. And since they've designed the game in a way that you're supposed to die, and get better on your next playthrough due to your characters learning from the previous characters misstakes, you spend half an hour - an hour, manage to do basicaly nothing, just to die.And what you gain for your next playthrough isn't helpful enough to make it worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,304650,14443008,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,redp,"While I did try to enjoy Sunless Sea, it is more aesthetics over substance."
76561198053058189,Not Recommended,304650,23513857,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Chronie,The game is largely a collection of short stories for each island in a fairly standard ship combat game. When you have progressed enough you can potentially see another story however the pacing is slow and the game will kill you fairly easily. While not a bad game as such and the stories are interesting it takes an extremely long time to unlock everything. When you have figured out how to make a good profit and purchased enough secrets in order to get good stats it degrades down into supply running for the next story. Combat while it works isn't very interesting as you will likely be facing the same enemy in ever increasing numbers in one area. Until people take risks that pay off it is a struggle to get anywhere or do anything.
76561198136113430,Not Recommended,304650,14704023,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,thor314,"I had high hopes for this game.  I truly enjoyed the game's theme, which brought me to it in the first place.  Sadly the game failed to follow through, for me at least.  I put 12 hours into learning the game, died as many times. I feel largely unsatisfied; the game very much needs a tutorial, as gameplay was not instictive, and I could not for the life of me find a decent internet guide."
,Not Recommended,304650,11112794,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,sirmathmansir,"TL;DR: Setting is great, but the story doesn't sell it. It makes me feel like I'm watching an interesting conversation through sound-proof glass, and I can't read lips. Hopefully this can be fixed before launch, but for now thumbs down._______________I very much like the world concept. London was dropped into the ""Unterzee"" with a unique dark semi-lovecraftian mythology going on; it's an exciting setting.So let me make an analogy of why it falls flat to me. I meet some guy with a lightning scar, and I ask him, ""Hey, how did you get that scar?"" and he replies, ""Tom gave it to me.""  So I ask, ""Who's this Tom guy?"" to which he replies, ""That's an interesting story,"" and his red-headed friend says, ""that's a wicked story. You gotta hear this."" So I say, ""Great, how about I buy you two lunch and you tell me all about it?"" They agree, I buy lunch, and the only words I hear about the story is how it's a great story, compelling, mysterious, and all that. They never actually tell me the story.This is how Sunless Sea seems to me. There are hints of a story here and there, but I usually don't feel involved in it. I collect ""secrets"" and ""knowledge of distant shores"", but these are nothing more than currency. There's no story behind these secrets, I just happened to spot an already colonized island in my telescope and ""charted"" it. There's no actual knowledge in the ""knowledge of distant shores"", I just happened to meet someone who tells my character a tale, but doesn't actually tell ME anything.Much like FTL, several events will occur with multiple choices and resulting outcomes. There are also overarching stories that are broken up into event sized pieces. Events are a great way to break up a long ship voyage, and I agree that it is a good idea to have overarching story lines, but unfortunately the execution of these story lines are the crux of my problem. I don't feel invested in any characters, mysteries, or goals laid out before me.For example: I went carousing with my crew, and happened across a random event that gave me the choice of courting a woman who claimed to be a spy, a guy (I don't remember his gimmick), or some random person because ""I can't be tied down."" I figured the woman was probably lying to make herself sound more interesting, but I chose her anyway on the off chance she had something interesting to tell me. She didn't have anything interesting to tell me, but the next morning, she gave me a locket to remember her by, and when I next set out, I was presented with a choice to toss the locket into the sea in an melodramatic symbolic gesture to break ties with her, or hang onto the locket. I had no reason to care about her one way or the other, so I hung onto it because maybe i'd get a few pence out of it. During the voyage, I happened to make the god Salt a little salty with me (by shooting down one of his white bats... a one-off event I quite liked by the way), and when I returned I got a letter saying this spy girl was gone for good as a result of Salt's enmity. I had no reasons to like this girl, in fact the only things I knew about her were that she claimed to be a spy and she was easy, so this news had no impact on me whatsoever. Jokes on you, Salt!Even many one-off events could be given a lot more flavor; I met some sisters (I think on Hunter's Island), and could choose to have lunch with any one of them. So I picked one, and as a result I got a brief description of her and the lunch, and received a ""knowledge of distant shores"" (or something like that). But nowhere does it describe these distant shores, or the tale she tells me. As a result, the character feels like little more than a townperson in final fantasy 1, a single line of dialog and no lasting impression. I feel like this is wasted potential.I get that there is limited time and budget for this sort of project, and as a result, there must be a balance between quantity of interaction and quality of interaction. So far, it seems like there is a focus on quantity, which should give the game a fair deal of replayability, but due to the lesser quality of interaction, I don't feel compelled to seek out the different options and opportunities. However, it's early access at the time of this writing, and there is some hope on the horizon. Where I feel this quality story interaction could be best served with the upcoming officer quests. As it stands, the only reason to keep an officer aboard is that his stats and secret upgrades are more valuable to you than the next officer for the position. It would be great if the officers (and even your crew) were the people you could get attached to, because they would be the people with you most often. Firing your doctor because of his penchant for getting drunk and spilling secrets during shore leave, even though you know he has no where else to go, makes for a better story than firing your doctor because he's slightly less competant than another one that comes along. For that matter, if the officer could pitch him/herself to you in a conversation, it would start things off better than simply saying He's a doctor. He's cured slightly more patients than he's killed. He helps with hearts and irons."
76561198047512643,Not Recommended,304650,11106490,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bombastik,"Not worth the price at this stageNegatives-Combat is tedious-Terror rises easily yet is extremely expensve to reduce. if it fills up you get mutiny which ends your game-Slow pace and a long grind usually ends hours of gameplay with an annoying death. MASSIVE waste of time starting over-Where is this great story i keep hearing about? All ive seen is lame port reports and a shady guy on the docks, Not to mention the tiny text is annoying to read-Overall bad metagame decisions by developers, im sure it will be balanced in time-Sea isnt that big-Price $$Positives--Good Music-good artwork/atmosphere-Potential"
,Recommended,304650,30047713,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr.Bored,"We all live in a yellow submarine,yellow submarine,yellow submarineWe all live in a yellow submarine,yellow submarine,yellow submarineWe all live in a yellow submarine,yellow submarine,yellow submarineWe all live in a yellow submarine,yellow submarine,yellow submarine"
,Recommended,304650,26089560,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,gamertaboo,"Sunless Sea is a very addictive game. I had no clue how much I'd like it so after trying it out for a day I opened up Steam and bought the bundle immediately. And although I missed the sale by a few days which is irritating, I don't feel like I spent too much. There is a TON of content in this game. Just be prepared though, you are going to sink a ton of hours into this game if you get into it and like it.Pros-Very addicting.Very immersive.Tons of lore.Very well thought out game mechanics and story.Very Challenging.Cons-Sort of a slower game.Boat speed is slow.No voice acting, you have to read everything.You will die often when you first start, and rebuilding is slow."
76561198032557369,Recommended,304650,11042047,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,koeslter,"Very atmospheric game with a great soundtrack. Sank so many hours in without even knowing it.However, this game is still in development so something may be changed.So far, what I observed that may need improvement:-progress seems slow-battles could be unforgiving due to the way evasion/illumination work-It's be great if we can upgrade our illumination threshold further-fuel consumption seems too much-terror is expensive to decrease-money gain is too little for starting area-could use a ""destination"" reminder for the goods/quests we carryWill edit my review accordingly if updates were made. Overall, a cool game with lots of potential."
76561197964521773,Not Recommended,304650,14445167,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TotallySucks,"Disappointing. Very grindy, slow-paced game, with no clear path of progression. I paid $18 and felt like I paid too much."
76561198036809198,Not Recommended,304650,23352644,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,KiloWolf,"I really really want to give this game a good review... but I can't. I love this game but it's just far far too hard and unforgiving. Starting you will have 50-70 echos(money) and fuel from the main mort cost 10 and food cost 20 and you will be spending most of your time getting 5-10 money from long missions and reports. You burn fuel at a terrifying rate that would put cthulhu to shame with how terrifying it is, you can always turn your lights off to use less fuel but your terror goes up like a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket and you crew will lose their minds. At least food does not get used up too fast till you get bigger ships. Oh, and about bigger ships, start a new game, see the next ship will cost you 2k, struggle to keep 100.Like I said, I want to give this game a good review but I can't."
,Not Recommended,304650,28893474,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,卖女孩的小火柴,"I love this game from the look of it. The steam review is rather high. The art is somewhat unique and cool to look at, but I just cannot recommend this game. I thought I won't regret playing this game, but I was wrong.===============================================================-I do not know what to do.The goal of this game is not clear at all. I wasted too much time figuring out what to do. The Tutorial is bad. It is not enough to teach me the basic of this game.-The battle is boring.The rewards for wining a battle is rather cheap, and the cost to win a battle is way too high. In fact, I found myself running away from enemies as much as possible, because I believe that is the right way to play this game (I did the math), but is it? At some point, this is more of a rogue game than a Naval battle game, and it is boring.-Everything is too slow.The ship drive too slow. The game progress too slow, and everything is just too painfully slow. It depresses me at some point, not because of the scaring stories, nor the disaster situations, but the meaningless long staring at my ship swimming in the middle of nothing.-The Music is Depressing.I suppose the music is supposed to be depressing, but I do not believe that many people love to listen to depressing music while staring at their ship swimming slowly (It will be even more slow if you only had few crews) in the middle of nothing and avoiding everything.-Not much fun to upgrade to.There are several ships yes, but there are not much different from each other. I believe all the ship runs the same speed. The most important difference between them is the size. There is not much things to upgrade with either. Several would be the word to describe the number.-There is no trade system,at least not a complete system. I thought it would be a must have for this game. In the steam store, it says “Trade or smuggle silk and souls, mushroom wine and hallucinogenic honey.” In the tutorial, it tells you to avoid making money from trading as it will give you little profit. There is almost nothing to trade at most port, and there is no variation for items to trade from time to time.-The game lacks variation, and the stories lack variation.The game is mean to be played, lose, and restart all over again, but I start again and read the same stories again and again. The things I will do is about the same. The stories I got from the ports are the same as well. Maybe there will be more in the late game, but I will be bored before getting there. (because I will once again restarted before I reach “late game”)-Zbat is meaningless mechanics.I am finding this mechanics rather useless. What is the meaning of pushing button “z” and sent out a scout with no cost at all while everything else in this game cost extremely lots? There are no penalties of doing it nor over doing it. I would just send as much as possible to discover lands and all that, but then why not just make it automatic? Is it because that they want me to find something to do so that I won’t get bored?-The map is painful and there is no navigator.The way to reveal the map is to drive into the shadow, but the shadows area are big squares that covers a lot area. I must drive close enough to the center to reveal it. The icons have no explanation, and the map is hard to read. There is no navigator (small arrow or whatever that pointing what is near me that is outside of my screen) I have to open this hard-to-read map time to time to make sure of my location, it’s just annoying.===============================================================I have no idea why this game has so many positive reviews. It’s a game with great stories, art, and music maybe, but it is called “game” for a reason. This is not an “electric story book”. A game must have certain play matter. Something to play with and people find it rather fun. I found this game super boring. All gaming systems and mechanics needs a lot much more work. This game feels unfinished to me, I do not even think I can call this a “game”. People who read stories may find this “game” fun, but people who want to play a “game” may not. Although, it got rather high positive reviews, I do not recommend this game to anyone who want to play a “game”.PS: I've got 400+ game on my steam account, this is the first I requested a refund, that is how disappointing I am about this game, but they won't let me cause I played more than 2 hours. That was not the hours I had fun with. That was the hours I wasted my life with. Well, I will not buy !@#$%^ from ""Failbetter Games"" anymore, that I swear."
76561198045333137,Recommended,304650,11040435,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MajorFalure,"Reminds me of Oregon Trail, great game, tons of fun!"
,Not Recommended,304650,20282957,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,yumi_cheeseman,"An... interesting game with quirky mechanics, and steeped in story and mystery. I was all down for a ship based rogue-like set in an underground ocean, with steampunkesque flavours. However, it was not for me. If you're looking for swashbuckling adventure, fast pace combat, or ""fun"", this game is not for you. If you love exploration, atmosphere, and lots of reading, you should definitely buy."
,Not Recommended,304650,14393856,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,"Not so much a game as a visual novel with severe pacing issues.   A couple edits to a config file easily brings it up from ""boring"" to ""not bad"".    Hard to recommend to people looking for Space Rangers/Pirates!/Evochron type game."
76561197981537445,Not Recommended,304650,29997555,Posted: 17 February,all,urbanriot,"The trailer does not at all represent the game. If you enjoy clicking through *a lot* of text then this might be a game you'll enjoy but I promptly uninstalled it after I discovered there wasn't even a game after all the clicking, just more areas with more text to click through. Don't get me wrong, I like verbose games like Planescape Torment but at least that seemed to go somewhere. I spent a ridiculous amount of time slogging through text and not once did I get a chance to move a ship. The interface isn't very good either."
76561197969989503,Not Recommended,304650,13763850,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Endless Summer,"Game is rather lacking in gameplay, also seems to be deliberately obfuscating about basic mechanics. Interface is poor and does not convey information well. Little in the way of things to do, heavily reliant on making up words for things and expecting you to figure out what any of it means.If you want a top down exploration/trading/combat/(space)ship captaining game, buy starsector instead, it's much better."
,Not Recommended,304650,14372487,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,old_dirty_miguel,"Downloaded this game because of its high recommendations from the early access reviewers and some of the game review sites.I'd say this game most reminds me of Don't Starve and Escape Velocity (if any of you ever played that one). You're a captain on a ship in an underground sea. You start out with some supplies and fuel and go out on little text-based quests. The world is pretty brutal - you've probably heard that you'll fail a lot. That's true. The quests seem varied enough.My primary beef with this game is how incoherent the interfaces/interactions are at the ports. You get a sense of what you're supposed to do, but the interactions are not intuitive. Also, you get no information about what the rewards are going to be for different quests, so you don't know how to prioritize. Some quests are locked and list requirements to unlock them, but the requirements are really hard to understand sometimes. The main interaction interface, too, is kind of clunky and unclear. The worst is probably the journal. I was scratching my head a lot trying to figure out what the heck some of the different items meant. If you play it, you'll see what I mean.This game is supposed to be officially released, now, but there are still bugs here and there. Pictures crowd out text, ships will occasionally jump from location to location.All in all, the game feels unfinished and could benefit from a hefty amount of user feedback.Definitely not worth $20 right now. Maybe when they figure out how to make it a little more user friendly."
,Not Recommended,304650,22745697,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Fire From Moonlight,"Sunless Sea has the potential to be best-in-class. Detailed backstory; creative stories presented as text-adventures; forbidding, dangerous environment; loads of continually-updating content; dark, beautiful atmosphere; original rather than cliched. Unfortunately, gameplay is dominated by moving your boat long distances over empty expanses that take long times to transverse. Due to limited resources, the game forces you to grind (ie doing port reports at the same ports each trip  you take, or ferrying items to and fro) as the safest path. Combat is never worth while, but easy to avoid. Why even include it if it's always a bad deal?"
,Recommended,304650,29837033,Posted: 10 February,all,Unidedit Steate,Dont trust the f*ckin rats!9/10
,Not Recommended,304650,16904006,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MidnightSnacks,"Putter around a gigantic ocean in a fart-powered sea jalopy trying to find a tiny island without a set location in the game world so you can turn in a fetch quest to earn enough gold to maybe afford 1/5th of either a unit of fuel or food which is expended in about 30 seconds of sailing. The hunger bar suggests you could make your crew starve a little harder before eating, but I never found out how.Probably run into a pack of rocket-propelled jellyfish which hate boats for some reason and even if you manage to dodge their charge attack, they'll slow down to home in on your boat and do full damage upon touching you no matter how slow they had been going at that point. Between that and the charge time on your cannon you're guaranteed to lose like a third of your HP, but you can use its carcass to feed your crew! Which is probably useless because it only empties the current hunger level, and you can't store the jellyfish meat.Also relatively close to the starting point are enemy ships which you literally cannot beat at that point. You can try to run away by throttling up to MAX POWER, which inexplicably continues to put strain on your engine for some amount of time even if you turn the throttle back to normal. You have to fully turn them off after what is maybe a 2 second boost to stop damaging your engine. For me, this resulted in my engines exploding and my ship getting blown the ♥♥♥♥ up by unimpressed pirates.Other than that, there's like a full single-spaced page of dialogue for even the most menial of interactions, which apparently some people like? The defining characteristic of which is that it consistently replaces ""sea"" with ""Zee"" even though the title of the game doesn't."
76561198103623759,Recommended,304650,25710005,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dr Henry Killinger,"Vast, Haunting, Terrifying.Almost perfect.9/10Cons: there's no real aim, bigger boat, more crew, but all you do is absorb the world."
,Not Recommended,304650,16004585,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,Look grinding and repeating what you did Isnt all that much fun....You will die and you will repeat exactly what you did before because its a core game mechanic...That is a♥♥♥♥♥♥way to drag out the small amount of actual game content... :/
,Not Recommended,304650,16374650,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ZERoG,Has alot of bugs still.
76561198042832782,Recommended,304650,16375882,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PLAYMAK3R,"Started a new game.Felt great, wondering the adventures I'll have.25 minutes later, I shipwrecked and died to a jellyfish.10/10Would shoot a cannon-proof jellyfish again"
,Recommended,304650,14723676,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kiptok,great if u like ♥♥♥♥in tight writing and a dope♥♥♥♥♥storyline to go along w ur roguelike adventure
76561198115120642,Not Recommended,304650,30131404,Posted: 23 February,all,CrackerjackTiming,"Tedious. Most of this ""game"" is doing something else while your ship very, very slowly sails across a mostly empty ocean with the lights off to save fuel. The only gameplay is not fighting sea monsters and pirates until you've got enough firepower to render them a total nonthreat and hauling cargo based on what the wiki says are the most profitable trade routes. If you're masochistic enough to figure out how to complete most of the quests through trial and error then you have way too much time on your hands even by gamer standards. There's usually some randomness to your success or failure but your captains are most likely to die from your own boredom, when you take risks just to minimize the amount of your life the game wastes.If you really can't live without experiencing the setting and writing just go play Fallen London, which costs nothing and doesn't waste as much of your time."
76561198101463187,Not Recommended,304650,15042080,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,delphi_ote,"Too much down time. Your ship is just impossibly, poinltessly slow. It's amospheric for the first 10 minutes. After that, it's just dull."
76561198108032095,Not Recommended,304650,26283501,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lonely City Yeah,"I love the story line, but the sailing is way too boring and it's almost impossible to exponentially increase your sailing speed.And I only found this game repetitive after completed a couple of story lines, it's either delivery goods or collecting stuffs, exploration is the only joyable thing here while it would come to an end once you revealed the whole map."
,Not Recommended,304650,30037667,Posted: 19 February,all,Nothing,"Text too small... Sunless Sea will make me a Sightless Geek soon.Game play is GREAT and the writing is even BETTER...BUT - Too draggy, boring battles and stupid ways to die and start over... sinks this game. I'm sorry."
76561197986572155,Not Recommended,304650,34669023,Posted: 1 September,all,evilleMonkeigh,"Amazing world building. Quirky story line, missions. In theory, awesome.Sadly, the game is boring to actually play."
,Recommended,304650,14398299,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Hazard,"I've had this game since early access; and I've gotta say it's truly a gem. In it you'll battle living iceburgs and eat bats to survive, travelling half-mad and half-starved across a dark subterranian ocean, pushing your crew ever farther into ominous and terrible waters. If you've got the cash and you enjoy a good procedurally generated adventure, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,304650,30073110,Posted: 20 February,all,-=Ns=- BetaRaider,Only played for the free trial but hard to figure out !  I stopped playing when i couldn't get money for the fuel.
,Recommended,304650,30071915,Posted: 20 February,all,The One True Morty,"I do not recommend this game to young, energetic toddlers who dont have the patience to read, appreciate, and digest text walls.If youre old and you managed to ever read a book in your short life, play this game.If you have a phobia of the deep sea, play this gameIf you enjoy rolling dice, play this gameThe learning curve is managable and its the chance challenges that be frustrating but if you pay attention it can still be very rewarding nontheless.I advise you enjoy this game in tandem with other entertainment such as a TV show or music because travelling IS a ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197984668685,Not Recommended,304650,30069354,Posted: 20 February,all,deno,It's not got much depth....  I'd suggest this game is signfiicantly overhyped for what it is.
,Not Recommended,304650,16219143,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey,İt's not what you expect.It tries to do everything at the same time and in my opinion does all these poorly.
76561198217197383,Recommended,304650,28394305,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SLingLich,"The title is misleading, I totally see something over there that looks like the su-THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN"
76561198068876824,Not Recommended,304650,17013699,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,no1schmo,"So this is a wierd game. On the plus side, the world is involving, the stories are fun, the characters are well-written. This is a  playable novel. And it has no real bugs or glitches to speak of. On the down side, well, the game itself sucks. It's awful. You spend hours and hours and hours trying to very slowly earn money, most of which goes right back to repairing/refueling/resup[plying your ship. Most of your money will end up coming from trading, literally just sailing to a port, buying as many X as you can, then sailing over yonder to sell it for a few bucks profit per unit. Repeat ad nauseum. And it's really, really easy to die in these early stages, especially if you aren't aware of what things can kill you. You don't really improve due to enhanced skills or better strategy over time, either; it's mostly just a matter of luck and not doing that one thing that killed you without warning last time. It's not fun. This is one of the few games I've ever played where I simply edited the files to give me all the money I will ever need, and had a MORE enjoyable experience for it.Basically, this game is not fun to PLAY. If you buy it, edit the files to give yourself tons of money and buy all the best stuff up front, skipping most of the gameplay, and just experience the story. Even then, it starts to drag, simply due to the constant sailing back and forth to continue certain quests or buy this one item you need from the opposite corner of the map, not to mention having to stop and buy supplies, buy fuel, hire more crew, and repair the ship, just over and over again. This really would have been better simply as a point-and-click style game, but as it is, the good writing and world are just buried underneath a frustrating and BORING system."
,Not Recommended,304650,14591872,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,jgcrawfo,"Beautiful game with lots of good things going for it that ultimately disappoints.The setting, art-work, and flavour text are all top notch, and the idea behind the game is solid. Sadly it lacks in the execution in a lot of different ways. Pacing can be frustratingly slow for long voyages. Game mechanisms are obfuscated or unclear, interface is cluttered with all kinds of ""quality"" and ""value"" statements that look like they belong strictly on the back-end and not in the user-facing area. Quests and objectives are very poorly organized and unclear. Ultimately felt buggy, unfinished, unpolished.After playing for a few days trying a bunch of different things, I'm giving up mostly because of how slow the pacing can be at some parts (literally, I was reading a book while sailing the boat in a straight line across the ocean), because of the difficulties with objective tracking, and finally because after working hard to get the Scion legacy in place, I lost it because I had a full boat as I sailed into one part, thus angering a god and bringing his wrath upon my family on my return to London, removing the Scion perk for the next play-through. I get that dying is part of the game, but wrecking the the legacy perks that are supposed to make re-play more enjoyable on such a ridiculous arbitrary point was the nail in the coffin for me.TL;DR: It's still a buggy beta-build/early access game, regardless of what they've said about release dates. Check it out in a few months and see if it's better."
,Recommended,304650,14681526,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,LaneMartain,"Slow, deliberate, and thoroughly intriguing. Sunless Sea is a strange and addicting rogue-like that will have you taking notes, trying to figure out the best trade routes and slowly going insane. A must for fan of storytelling or Fallen London players. Slow pace and low action will likely turn many player off."
,Recommended,304650,14655860,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mr_dude_guy,THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTH
76561198009094284,Not Recommended,304650,14480543,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,timujin,"I Bought this game because it had overwhelmingly positive reviews.I had not enjoyed playing this game, i found it greatly unrewarding.The game is designed so you will die and recreate your character time and time and time again.The game offers little other choice of progress, completing challenges is not rewarding, because it is more time efficient to randomly go to random locations and do random stuff to die and then randomly do stuff again.Honestly this game reminds me of playing a slot machine.Every time you die you need to recreate your character again re choose his specialization, name, gender and so on.You need to redo the same basic quests again, read the same texts again.The game lets you to advance by letting you keep some of the progress of your last character, therefor each your next character will be stronger ten the last.An attempt to complete the game with only one character using save-load repetition is frustrating because completing well planed challenges in not rewarding.The game is rewarding you to set up a character and charge into the unknown to never return to die and rinse and repeat with the next character.I am sorry, maybe this type of games is not for me, but i found it out-most frustrating (compared to FTL for example)"
76561198001197334,Not Recommended,304650,14510934,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Danger Noodle,"Great depth of gameplay, ambience, and writing. Tediously slow gameplay. Ultimately, this destroyed enjoyment of the former highlights for me. Patience for spending measurable amounts of real life's time in return for meager snippets of story and miniscule progression ran out."
,Not Recommended,304650,14488883,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Balir,"I don't really get the fuss over this game, the writing's perhaps a bit too clever for its own good, and it's incredibly slow."
76561197968553289,Not Recommended,304650,14488044,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,KiwiEye,"Initially this game has promise - interestng premise, possibility of interesting stories, high production values. But after several hours of game play you realise that the mechanics are all off - you can be stranded at port with no resources to continue gameplay, you can't access resources to move yourself to higher levels and open up more stories. I'm all for emergent game play that encourages discovery but this game should have been in the oven for longer. It feels fairly half-baked. Disappointing."
76561198009306277,Not Recommended,304650,14493224,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fragsworth,"Boring, way too slow."
76561198122323100,Not Recommended,304650,14554031,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,huhuhuhuhu,"It's not a RPG or pirate game, really. It's a <something that I don't know how to describe> where you only keep reading and choosing some options.If you skip the texts then there is nothing left in this <something that isn't a game>.The game is hard, it gets annoying after you die a couple of times, boring and repetitive.After a lot of frustration you can edit your save game to artificially increase your money and have a little (very little) fun.The overly positive reviews seem to be a hype (or maybe people who really like to read and do nothing else).Not worthy the price or time."
,Recommended,304650,22824666,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,icuheadshot,HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T10/10
76561197970512148,Not Recommended,304650,26108860,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,saureco,"It's not so much that I enjoy the game; I endure it. The writing is great.  The dice rolls are not.  I really want to rate this well, but my concern is that it's a rogue game that never came out of the closet to admit so.  You die a lot. I mean A LOT.  I feel like the legacy system of inheriting from the previous captain is innovative, but is merely throwing the player a bone the way an adult pats a toddler on the head for trying to wear daddy's clothes:  ""awww,aren't you cute?!"".  Can't tell you how many times I watched in disgust as the game whithered down my resources just as I was pulling into Fallen London.Yes, I'll leave it installed only because it serves as a decent distraction.No, I won't recommend it to anyone other than those that like playing a very interactive RPG novel."
76561198062664029,Not Recommended,304650,30126247,Posted: 23 February,all,rogiol,"It seems to be a kind of  a text game.  Graphics are great and atmoshere is nice.  However, it does become were repetitive and boring.  Sailing around is very slow, fights are all alike.  And then you get somewhere and you read and read and ... read. When you get a quest, sometimes there are very few hints to where you actually have to go. Not my cup of tea."
76561198006506395,Not Recommended,304650,26445502,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Polymath,"Crawl forward, die, rinse repeat.The game of inches..It's set in an interesting world, with cooky story elements and some cool indie-graphics.If you have nothing else to do in your life, you can waste a lot of it here if you wish..The trouble is..There's just so much hopelessness imbedded in this game that it overwhelms the player, making me not want to play at all.Every playthrough feels like a repeat of the last, just marginally better... If youre lucky. if not, it's time wasted.You spend three hours slogging across the map, dodging monsters and selling goods, using the awkward clue system to gain something from the session..only to feel your mood drop as you realise that it's going to require yo to grind for hours on end until you can afford even a single meaningful upgrade, unless you look up the most gamey exploits on youtube to actually get anywhere.""oh but it's not a game for casuals"" i hear you cry..Well, grinding stones to dust using my left pinky isn't either.this game is more fun that that, but not by much.Sadly, i can not recommend buying it, just watch some letsplays instead, theyre free and you can skip forward to the interesting bits whenever you want."
76561197982310712,Not Recommended,304650,25221625,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Soup Nazi,"I REALLY REALLY want to like this game, but frankly, it's boring. There is a fine line between ""challenging"" and unnessesarilly difficult. Unfortunately, Sunless Sea is the latter. I don't mind a hard game, however, in Sunless Sea there doesnt seem to be any point - or realism - to its difficulty. It seems like the developers wanted to create a Rogue-like permadeath game and in order to do that they gave you next to nothing in resources - so few resources, in fact, that you are often punished for exploring too far from the start location. You can find trade routes near by that net you a profit, but running the same routes over and over is not what I'd call a fun game.If you're interested wait for it to go on sale. Game is worth $5 - $10."
76561197979971246,Recommended,304650,14389700,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cougar,"Search for the bones of your father, lost at zee. Ferry the dead into the underworld. Strike a Faustian deal with an ancient god. Run out of fuel in the middle of nowhere, run out of food soon after. Fight off a mutiny, eat the dead to survive. Starve anyway. Not a bad first playthrough."
,Recommended,304650,14385735,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,reethok,"I've only been playing for an 90 mins so far, but I'm likeing it. The writing is very good, as is the atmosphere. I was very stressed because I ran out of supplies and money, but a shady figure gave me a gift in exchange of future favors. Now he wants me to smuggle human souls to another town."
76561197996315601,Not Recommended,304650,14391701,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Uncleblaze,Not worth the money. maybe for 5 bucks sure.  the game is super repetitive. it gives you nothing to start with and making money is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. every time you die you start over and what cool text and background story it was the first two times to read its just annoying clicking through the same stuff over and over again. the combat is horribly done and you cant really upgrade your crew or ship because making money is impossible. creatures dont give you anything even worth the ♥♥♥♥ing fight so you end up  not being able to buy fuel and get ♥♥♥♥ed over. the game was poorly put together unless its on sale dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058610718,Recommended,304650,11061513,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SirPatrickIII,I ran out of fuel running away from a giant crab.  I was genuinly terrified as I watched the fuel quicky deplete.  Lost the fight and my ship sank but I wouldn't trade the experience for anything.
76561198052551365,Recommended,304650,11128993,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Faceguy,"I really like where this game is headed, and I'm really glad I bought into it early. While the game still has a lot left to develop, after exploring most of what they've created I am really looking forward to the rest. While I might not recommend it at the moment for casual gamers looking for a longterm game - only because of its alpha status - I have no doubt that once it is completed it will be a lot of fun. Here's a run down on the game so far:Story:Strategy exploration game set on an ocean. The location is a steampunk era london which has fallen far underground, located on a vast ocean called ""the zee,"" populated by monsters, pirates, and even other sentients.  As a captain you have to manage several aspects of your ship, including rations, fuel, weaponry, crew and a unique status, fear, which rises the longer you are out in the dark ocean, or when encountering Lovecraftian monsters. You ""win"" by exploring various strongholds and calculating the most profitable trade routes, all while discovering hidden secrets and legends.Mechanics:Far from easy, this is a really tough, tough game. Managing all of the aforementioned stats can get overwhelming and your first few tries as a captain will without a doubt leave you either at the bottom of the ocean, eaten, starved, or murdered. You aquire officers as the game progresses who in turn provide stat boosts, the stats being:heart: medic ability plus ability to aspire and convinceveils: ability to hide and misdirectpages: ability to find truths and knowledgemirrors: ability to detect enemiesiron: ability to inflict damageThe combat is turn based, and as such can be paused at any time.Aesthetics:This game looks and feels very, very, very cool. All the art isn't there yet, as well as lots of locations, but man does it look cool.My Hiccups:(hopefully will be addressed) Sometimes I select the wrong option (spurn the gods? why would I choose that?) because the menu button for ""next"" is precariously located over another option's ""yes!"" button in the drop down. This has happened a few times and hopefully it will get looked at. An open market would be nice too, because as it stands there are extremely limited ways to earn money via trade routes. Ship speed is also just too slow; this might be to make the ocean more vast, but it just seems grinding when trying to make a long haul.should you buy this game?If you don't mind playing an in-development game, then yes. If you like ocean themed adventure, then yes. If you like strategy RPG's with strong elements of survival, then yes. If you don't like waiting or supporting a game during its development, then no.Overall, excluding the factors relating to it still being developed, I would easily rate this as a 9/10. Support the designers and in return they'll hopefully love you back"
76561197970999694,Recommended,304650,11051496,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,renfe,"I'd never heard of Fallen London until yesterday when I bought this. Regardless, this game is really fun. Immersive experience, great music, stylish design, clear interface. Highly recommend if you like trading/rpg style games."
,Recommended,304650,11136443,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,"Exploring the dark, underwater world of London? In a boat? With a terrified crew? And I can eat that same crew if I get hungry?? Sign me up!!But be prepared. You're going to die. A lot. And that's okay. You get to preserve a bit of what you got from each death, so in a sense, it less of a death and more of a restart. The greenish tint to everything is much more tastefully done than Deus Ex: Human Revolution's yellow tint to everything, in my opinion. But onto the important thing!Do I recommend Sunless Sea? Well, yes and no.It's going to be a great game one day. Right now it's just good. Mostly because it needs two things:1) Balancing. A lot of balancing. You start the game with very few Echos (your currency) and the rate at which you can earn Echos is far, far too slow. It would take DAYS to make the amount of money to afford just one upgrade to your ship. (Hint: those are important) The other thing that needs balancing is the rate at which your Terror falls and drops. If you're just a little off the coast, your terror skyrockets so incredibly fast, it almost discourages exploration. And when you make port, anything you can do costs so much and reduces so little terror, that it's nearly impossible to reduce it. I understand that there's supposed to be an element of difficulty to all of this, but grinding for miniscule amounts of money while freaking your crew out to the brink of madness just really isn't worth it.2) The fun factor. Honestly, the exploration part of Sunless Sea is quite fun. Finding new islands, getting eaten by giant crabs, and being blown to smithereens by privateers and the like is all well and good, but the combat system especially needs an overhaul. It has an FTL-like pausable strategy element to it, but not nearly to the same quality of FTL. If you're fighting an enemy ship, you can't aim for certain parts of the ship. If you're fighting a giant crab or an eel or a squid, you can't aim for the eyes to blind it. It's just different ""moves"" you can do like evade or attack that take time to warm up.Basically, if you want to get this game to try it out, it's worth it. But if you wait, it'll be even better."
,Recommended,304650,11132994,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Vosoros,"Sunless Sea is a beautiful game to play...Choose your background, your goal in life, etc and then you can set out to explore Fallen London and the rest of the islands across the dark, underground ocean.  You can find romance, buy a house, smuggle goods and...become the ""ferryman for the dead"" if you like...kind of.  Hey, I was trying for some easy cash...don't judge me!  :PYou can play this game in a rogue-like fashion with one life and a multitude of ways to perish, or switch to a save and load as you please mode.  With the rogue-like method (and possibly the other method of playing/saving), you can pass a single legacy onto those who follow you in life.  Will you preserve your charts, a beloved crew member or pass along some of your skill?No two games are ever the same and so much awaits your discovery amidst the Sunless Sea, so just buy the damn game and enjoy already..."
76561198087789909,Not Recommended,304650,26141216,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[JPP] waddleman,"My review will probably fall in with the majority opinion. Phenomenal world-building and ambiance make this game a must have for the dedicated story fan who doesn't mind reading a novel's worth of flavor text. That being said for any other type of player this game should be a miss. Most of the game involes long and painfully slow trecks back and forth through the areas you've already discovered. Interesting events are few and far between, most islands you visit just contain a story followed by a dice-roll that if failed will ruin your run. The economy is poorly balanced so that goods cost more than any possible income you can recieve without looking up a strategy guide. So without just finding the perfect run online, every play through will just see you slowly running out of money as you buy fewer supplies and sail out shorter distances until you can't afford to leave the home base and are forced to quit. Combat is boring at best and terrible at worst. Enemies will chase you for an unreasonably long amount of time, and for most of the game your ship can't successefully engage most enemies in combat anyway. Get ready to kite sharks around rocks for 10 minutes.5/10 had a lot of potential but is only fun for a very specific kind of player"
76561197989019430,Recommended,304650,11113711,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Trucidus,"I must say I am impressed.  I've played Fallen London a fair bit and I guess that's why I decided to give this a try on a whim.Though Early Access (which I tend to despise), the game is incredibly polished and VERY playable.  I haven't really even encountered any bugs (although a fair bit of content is missing).The game contains an interesting mix of story-telling and roguelike elements.  It is difficult but with a little care you can always progress... a little... even if you die an awful death.  I found the learning curve to be a little steep but with a few hours of dedication I figured out how to make a little money and at least keep the crew fed and fuel in the tank.The only real aspect I think might deter some gamers is the difficulty, which I personally think is what makes the game great.  I spend a lot of time making small decisions because they really do matter.  Loot the ship I destroyed?  Or send two sailors to TRY and get it back to port to sell?  Can I even TRUST two sailors?It's really, really great AND it links up with your Fallen London account to add some nifty stories to both games.I definitely think you should buy it : )."
76561198014527125,Recommended,304650,14703469,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ramien,"Sunless Sea is a fantastic game that is well worth the price. If you're willing to give the combat mechanics a rueful smile and shake your head wrly at the time it takes to travel from place to place, you'll find that there is a unique and wonderful experience to be had here.The biggest thing the game has going for it is its writing and the way it uses it to create the fantastically strange world you find yourself exploring. There is a wealth of stories, decisions, and characters to puzzle over and seek out during your travel across the sunless waves. If you are a fan of Lovecraftian storytelling, expansive mythos, and deep lore, then this is the game you were waiting for.For those who might be thinking about purchasing the game but are on a tight budget, allow me to assure you that there is more than enough content here to justify your purchase. A ""complete"" playthrough of Sunless Sea (""Complete"" here meaning every Legacy item unlocked and every ending victory condition met) took me 104 hours, and I still haven't taken all the choices offered to me in the various questlines and endings.An absolute gem, not to be missed."
,Not Recommended,304650,26079829,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,jms429,A Great game ruined by bad UI.This game is an experience I Almost love! I just cant get over the confusing and over whelming UI system that would make dungeon masters blush. I hope they fix this...
,Not Recommended,304650,33258417,Posted: 4 July,all,Bane One Ear,"Very atmospheric, but frustratingly difficult. I've died multiple times but really gotten nowhere. After a bit the novelty wears thin. It needs rebalancing to give you at least a little bit of a chance to progress."
76561198142453730,Recommended,304650,23960802,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Echanted,Official Chinese language please
,Recommended,304650,30013970,Posted: 18 February,all,Oryx,"This is a fantastic, immersive game for those seeking story, atmosphere, exploration, and gloomy Victorian cosmic mystery. If you're looking for fast-paced naval combat, fast travel, or anything like that... look elsewhere.When enjoying this game, DO:- Gaze ponderously outside your window at the rainy day or snowstorm outside- Keep a notebook of hints and events that occur during your travels- Brew up a few cups of tea- Enjoy in a dimly-lit room, quiet save for the moody soundtrackDo NOT:- Check your phone while your boat sets sail from port to port- Expect to fully uncover the lore after your first captain- Expect a screen to pop up announcing you've ""beat"" the game- Turn down the game music and listen to ""Jack Jams"" on Spotify insteadDespite the game's simple graphics and interface, I've spend far more time playing this than any other indie game simply because the lore is so well-hidden and elegantly obfuscated. And although you should definitely aim to ""get into the mood"" for at least your first several experiences, it's an easy game to fire up and play for 30 minutes between homework assignments, before cooking dinner, etc. etc.Highly recommended, but know what you're getting."
76561198089834913,Recommended,304650,24777991,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Himmel,Be couragous but not greedy.
76561198002217828,Recommended,304650,26009977,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jazzor,One of the best roguelike games I've seen in years. The world is unique and interesting.
76561198004387279,Not Recommended,304650,33174663,Posted: 3 July,all,Pentalis,"Interesting setting, story and mechanics but the game is extremely slow. To reach the victory conditions you'd have to play over 30 hours, which mostly consist of floating about from island to island, with no button to set a faster speed to the game.There are other, better games out there for your exploration and ruthless world needs. But if you have a chat window open next to the game, it sort of becomes bearable."
76561198027124941,Recommended,304650,16774643,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cloomby,never found the giant eye.... but i ate my crew. i think my crew was my favorite food.
76561198058607891,Recommended,304650,23715598,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Esteban Julio Roberto Montoya De,love it
76561198004678281,Recommended,304650,29952524,Posted: 15 February,all,Candy Corpse,"It's an awesome game with intense Story and good athmosphere, sadly its a ""little"" on the grinding side...."
76561198091949345,Recommended,304650,29962036,Posted: 16 February,all,LeoJFBR,"This is a really good game although yes, it could be better...The concept behind it is amazing and it works.That is a thrill while playing that just doesn't go away because of the constant, real danger of getting stuck in the middle of darkness without fuel. Or starving to death. Or getting crazy. Or getting killed by a pirate. Or a monster. Or sunlight. Or explosives. Or sea gods. Or your own sailors. Or other stuff (didn't played that long yet)...You fear, you get it.But I would love nice graphics. I'm 30yo but not stuck on the past so, some 3d would do great in here. Better drawings too.It's not that they are bad... They just are not on a pro level. I let it go because it's an indie game but that's not really an excuse nowadays.All in all it is really a nice game, worthy of its full price, I'm really considering buying the zubmarine expansion and I hope the sequence (sunless sky) will be even greater."
,Recommended,304650,30040234,Posted: 19 February,all,DracoHandsome,"OVERALL: 4/5 Good(This review was written during a Free Weekend of February 19, 2017)Sunless Sea is a rather difficult, very complex, narrative-driven survival adventure with simplistic sea combat and an awful lot of resources to keep track of, taking place entirely from a top-down perspective at the helm of a steamship in the late 1800s of an alternate timeline. The vast majority of of the graphics are hand-drawn artworking varying from ""eh"" to lovely, and the text is usually of a cynically humorous nature.You are a seafarer from Fallen London, the apparent final vestige of society in a pseudo-underworld mostly composed of the great sprawling ""Zee"". It is your job to sail forth from Fallen London to map out the shattered world and make it back alive to report your findings. The game essentially frames itself on progressively longer trips away from and back to London.Each dock in the game is framed like a multiple choice text adventure, and larger docks additionally provide shops or shipyards. Many choices have a success rate rolled based on one of your ship stats (i.e. Iron determines your success at brute-forcing things), or on raw luck.You have the option of selecting a character backstory at character creation, which provides you with a personal ambition (win condition) and a substantial stat bonus, or choosing to remain a mysterious stranger for the time being. In the latter case, certain ship officers or events may ask about your past and thus allow you to select a backstory, so you may want to hold out and pick the most winnable condition at a later time.There are three basic ways to die:If your Ship's hull or crew falls to 0If you run out of Supplies and Hunger overtakes youIf your Wounds reaches 3 or higherIn addition you must manage Fuel and Terror, but I'm not sure if running out is an instant game over or not as I didn't allow this to happen.Each time your character dies, the map is regenerated. Most important locations will be in roughly the same spot each time, but surrounding minor isles and enemy spawns will shuffle around.The game makes it very clear that your first few captains are expected to die pretty early on. Indeed, your primary goal early in the game is to establish a stable lineage, allowing future captains to receive substantial kickstarters and thus improving the chances of any of them making respectable progress.Each time a captain dies, the next one may select one form of inheritance allowing something from the previous captain to be retained. If you manage to raise a Scion, you will be able to pick two of these options.Your character has no gender hardcoded into the game. You may select any portrait and any term of address, and you may begin relationships with any character. In the event that you and a partner produce a child, you are bluntly asked if you want to be considered a father, a mother, or an adoptive parent.There are many, many other complicated things to do and to keep track of such as the wrath of the sea gods or your suspicion in the eyes of the law. This is not a casual adventure, and players who dislike difficult games or roguelikes will not enjoy it.In shortNarrative-driven survival adventure roguelike thingyWry humor at every turnVery difficultYou can be a woman and date a woman and claim you fathered the childA whole lotta stuff to keep track ofSea combat is a bit underwhelming"
76561198141968082,Not Recommended,304650,13472780,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,b.dale92,"I would love to recommend this game but... saddly it lacks alot. You need to make runs across the ""zee"" in order to make echos (currency of game) doing so cost fuel. The said thing is early in the game you make so little echos that it isn't worth making the trip. the lack of any sounds aside from firing cannons and your ship unless your near a port makes the game feel empty. I've watched several videos on this game to get a better understanding and even tried Fallen London but i still can't seem to grasp it all."
,Not Recommended,304650,14451605,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,L44m4,"I would like to love this game but as it is I just can't.My 5th captain is quite far in the game and I got bunch of money, okay ship and some equipment.My problem is that I either just continue grinding stuff with my current captain with no sight of any end (and slowly start to run out of any good quests to do and most likely run out of money after that) or I ""sacrifice"" my captain either by retiring (winning the game) or going for one of the other endings that unlock better stats permanently for my captains to come.... but my problem is that I don't want any of the endings.. the rewards are just so crappy compared to the time I've spent on getting as far as I've gotten.TLDR; Take too darn long time to achieve anything worthwhile and because it takes so long the things you could gain are just meaningles because atleast I don't want to play the whole game again with marginally better stats in the beginning of the game.+Nice world-Too slow progress vs. the rewards you could get by achieving endings."
76561197980147522,Not Recommended,304650,11098099,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[DSN] EXET,"Edit after trying the game again with the new combat 22NOV2014:I will have to change my vore to not recommend.The new combat is no fun at all and with it in place, you cannot enjoy the stories and the game.I got killed again in less than 30 minutes, with not even battleing big stuff. The nice layd back way of enjoy this slow pace game has been ruined with the new action based combat. This was and is not an action game. Very disapointing! This game had so much potential. It's a shame the Devs listened to the action freaks, who don't understand this type of game at all and changed the combat.If the combat doesn't change into somehting more turnbased and more relaxing the way it was before, then that's it for me in Sunless Sea.Not RecommendedEdit after playing with the new combat system 18NOV2014:I think the game is still good, although I do not like the new combat system, which is very action based now. It does not fit into the game as the old combat system did. I know, there were players complaining with the old combat system, but I think they made it worse and not better.A complete tuenbased combat would be very suitable for this game. Since it is still in Alpha, I am hoping they will change the combat system again to a more enjoyable experience.First review:I just bought the game last night and even though it was already late, I spent more than two hours playing, before I was to tired to go on.Fantastic atmosphere and sounds and overall fantastic game!!! . . . In the two hours I have learned a lot about how to make money and keep the terror down. I have seen some posts, where people are complaining about the game was to hard . . . that's not the case, you have to try different things and understand the combat, then it works out fine.This is not an easy to learn game, but if you read more carefully and try to understand how things work (all in all it is a weird scenario) then the rewards of having success are great.I will play some more and give further feedback later . . .I am glad that through STEAM Early Access we are getting more and more good and unussual stuff to play!!!Some EA games have not been working out and failed in the end, but this one is great and will not dissapoint you. Can't wait for the full version to come out.Edit after playing 6 hours:This game is addictive! Fantastic stories to discover, great fights and so much fun to enter uncharted waters!What I really like about the game is, that you can pause at any time and plan what you want to do next. I find the game well balanced and if you don't do anything stupid you can really discover so many different things in the game world. Off course acting unpatient and wondering around in waters you are not set up for (weapons, fuel . . .etc) you will not survive long and eventually die.I can't wait to discover more stories and places to go to.  . . . :-)"
,Recommended,304650,14398118,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,darkarts616,"Fantastic. Atmospheric, spooky, difficult and very deep.Downsides: Interface is pretty awkward and keeping track of missions can be pretty hard. Minor issues though, you get used to it."
76561198280129310,Not Recommended,304650,20886283,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jedi Mike,It may be a good game once you get into it but after three hours of tedious sailing around and running out of money and fuel... yawn.
76561198060220784,Not Recommended,304650,20817458,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Drdrewification,"I was hoping for faster progression, but it gets to the point to where you are just stuck going back and forth between two points to prolong your playthrough.  It gets tedious."
76561198135001562,Recommended,304650,20982753,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Kid Deathwing,"love this game.good story, interesting systems."
,Not Recommended,304650,20839254,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Senor Helmut,"Hours and hours...  and I was doing so well...  Then the option to kill off my character came up. It happens when you dock in london with no spare barrels of fuel left.One wrong click later, my best progress and chance for victory is over...  no bad roll, no bad situation, uninjured, ready to go, just one wrongly placed click...So...  I reinstalled and tried again...  sucks having nothing to do...."
76561198028212667,Recommended,304650,21315337,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zslayer74,"I will always return to the zee, for Salt has entranced me to the far reaches of the wonders of the Neath. Every zee story I hear, every zailor that perishes, every hard fought victory won.The Zee is calling, zailor. Come with me traveller. Follow in Salt's wake."
76561198120750204,Not Recommended,304650,21043294,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Regel.1999,"I've had this game for a few days and really wante it to be cool. Unfortunately, it's really boring. There's virtually no good way to make any money, so upgrades to the ships and crew are slow to come by. I guess you can grind some trade routes, but that's not exciting in any way.You could fight sea monsters, but you'll spend more in fuel and supplies *while* fighting than you'll get from the spoils of battle. The game tells you to explore for fortune. Go ahead. You'll die at sea as you and your crew go crazy (which is determined by how much ""terror"" you have). And you terror can't be reduced easily except in London, so you have to travel all the way back home just to not go crazy.But don't worry, you'd have to go home anyway. It's almost impossible to find supplies and fuel while out exploring. Some places sell it, but it's few and far between. Oh yaeh, and fuel and supplies is ridiculously expensive. So maybe you find some, but you can't afford it because, remember, it's almost impossible to get money.Even if you find valuable treasure after spending five fuel cans and three supplies fighting the only pirate ship you've seen in two hours, you won't make it back to London to sell it. You won't be able to sell it at the nearest port for any amount so you won't be able to buy teh fuel needed to get home.And when all goes well you'll and you've stocked up on fuel, you've got enough food to avoid eating your crew, and you've got a single valuable item that may just cover the costs of your fuel and then a little, your terror will rise up and sea monsters will start killing your crew. Eventually, even with all else going well, you'll succumb to the terrors of the sea - because even though you live in a cave you're scared of the dark, apparently.Alright, so can you make money? Sure, if you want to grind back and forth for hours on end.In summary: Trade is ridiculously tedious and slow. Fighting wastes resources and the AI is unchallenging. The stories you find almost make up for the game play, but objectives are tough to accomplish, require ungodly amounts of traveling, or are tough to figure out because there's not a good objective tracker and you can't re-ask what the mission was.I didn't even touch upon engine upgrades. They are worthless - you can buy faster engines (yay! awesome!) but the speed is negated by the fuel consumption. I mean, you get somewhere a little bit faster, but it costs more fuel so you lose more money so basically, you lose more if you upgrade your engines. That's ridiculous!I'm done ranting. I'm just really disappointed. I thougt it would be more fighting, more exploring, and a lot less managing terror or being broke. Set up a few good beginning trade routes to make a quick buck, make the objectives easier to figure out and accomplish, make engine upgrades actually worth it (faster at same fuel consumption), provide more bad guys (and monsters) to fight, have a few other major ports like London to reduce terror and trade, at least *most* ports should offer fuel and supplies, and make the AI for other ships a bit smarter."
,Recommended,304650,23149746,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Really enjoyed this... quite hard... not sure if there is an end? I haven't got that far! 7/10.
,Recommended,304650,27734411,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ExpectNothing,"It'll make you grind to the ends of the zee just to uncover the story, and you'll love every second of it.(This review was made for a badge, it may not be very well thought out or representative of the game)"
,Recommended,304650,27700433,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ferragus,"It can be slow and a little boring at times, but it's stories can be extremely engaging and the atmosphere is amazing. Just make sure to save your game manually so you don't have to deal with the ""rogue-lite"" elemets which really don't serve the game well."
,Recommended,304650,27690772,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AAisforaquitter,Somewhere beyond the zeesomewhere waiting for memy killer stands on horrid sandsand watches the ships that go sailin'Somewhere beyond the zeegods' there watching for meIf I could fly like bats on highthen straight to their armsI'd go sailin'It's far beyond the lightsit's near beyond the darknessI know beyond a doubtmy heart will lead me there soonWe'll meet monsters beyond the shorewe'll miss the giant ♥♥♥♥ing crab at point blank range what the ♥♥♥♥ just as beforeStressful we'll feel beyond the zeeand never again I'll go sailin'I know beyond a doubtmy heart will lead me there soonWe'll meet monsters (I know we'll meet with horrors) beyond the shoreWe'll die just like beforeCorpses we'll be beyond the zeeand never again I'll go sailin'no more foodso long crewbye bye Capt'n...move on to the next captain
,Recommended,304650,27742148,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Wokboo,"""Flesh meets membrane. Apertures pulse. The Survivor enfolds you like a tide. The narcotic pleasures of union engulf you! Again and again, you rise to impossible spasms of unknown emotion, until you subside into a pool of mingled exudate. ""Sho... sho..."" the Survivor pants, its glabrous flanks heaving.""Squid sex / 10. The best game."
,Recommended,304650,16573018,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,N7Knight,"Captain's Log: day 7, It's my birthday today and marks the fact that that we left london  a week ago, fuel and resources are quite high at the moment yet somehow I sense trouble throught the zee-breeze. My men (also some women, undead, golems and weird squid things) have faced monsters and horrows the which man was never meant to see. the extoic ports and locations do make the trip interesting and the reports will be quite the show back home.Captain's Log: Day 18, The men are getting restless, they are fearful of the zee, the bloody cowards and are whining about the shortage of fuel; so what if I had to dump over 10 units worth of food, I needed to buy more Human souls! I fear a munity is on foot.Captain's log: Day 31: I can hear the Zee calling to me, It says I must Sacrifice my ship and crew to it in a blaze of glory! I overheat the engines and ram the next zee-monster I encounter. Oh, what a wonderful it is to be a zee-captain in Fallen London!"
76561198120712540,Recommended,304650,26344417,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jokobo11689,"Art: 8/10Sound:10/10Design: 9/10Game play: 8/10Story: 9/10  Its an 8 without the DLCReplay value: 8/10Charm: 7/10I greatly enjoy this game :). Yes its slow, yes you can go a while without a whole bunch happening, and yes, reading. But I find the change in pace calming. I don't recommend playing while trying to fall asleep otherwise you will wake up in the middle of no where with no fuel, no food, and no crew. LOL. Several times I have fallen asleep to the tranquil cave dripping sounds to such a scenario. Some of the stuff I have found with the sub is so cool!!! So far I like to play this after getting off a hard core Monster Hunter binder. Think of this game in the long term and not short term. Would you be able to buy the best ship you could in real life after a few weeks of saving your money in the real world? No? Then don't expect to do it here in only 25 hours. Oh and you have to get the DLC. That’s what finally made me get this game most of all after watching youtubers to find out if I even wanted to give it a try. I think of it a lot like Don't Starve but more peaceful. And as a dyslexic person I don't mind the reading."
76561197991950878,Recommended,304650,25500980,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Polonia,"London has been kidnapped by bats and now it's underground. Sunless Sea, based on the same universe as Browser-game Fallen London brings a unique atmosphere. Though survival, witty dialogue and perma-death: you control a ship as you explore the darkness beyond the lighthouses of Fallen London, out in the Unterzee. Beautiful, atmospheric and very well written : 8/10 (The permadeth makes you need to repeat a lot of the early content if you didn't manage to make something to ""save"" your progress."
,Recommended,304650,24389237,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,"Rufus ""Whatever"" Forrest","Pros:- You can actually GO NORTH. You can also go East, but NORTH is just better;- Unaccountably Peckish is actually postitve trait;- FL setting! Yay!Cons:- There is no Seeking (SMEN, if you know what i talking about).7/7, A RECKONING WILL NOT BE POSTPONED IDEFINITELY."
,Recommended,304650,30018697,Posted: 18 February,all,Twosheds,Dark Fun
76561197970228737,Recommended,304650,14460741,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hroradi,"A slow-paced, boat-based rogue-lite, where the story is the main focus."
76561198027315434,Not Recommended,304650,17320397,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,iacthulhuf.htagn,"Very pretty, but extremely tedious, repetitive and confusing."
,Recommended,304650,18221894,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Kristoffer,A bit slow at first but very rewarding once you get going.Must buy for lovecraft fans!
,Recommended,304650,18230446,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,rsheldiii,"If you like story driven stuff you're going to love this.If you're like me, and you're not happy reading big ol text walls, you might want to stay away from full price. On sale, however, it's got an amazingly oppressive atmosphere and unique world that's worth a look even if it isn't normally your cup of tea."
76561198024865491,Recommended,304650,18274967,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Harvest,Mare Incognitum rogue lite. HP Lovecraft influenced.
76561198024982019,Recommended,304650,18283418,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mister Spiffy,"When I heard that the makers of Fallen London were making a standalone game, I was intrigued. As a player and supporter of Echo Bazaar I had high hopes for it, and Sunless Sea certainly delivered. Atmosphere is what sets this game apart from others; that and the developers simply unparalleled use of the mysterious to draw the player in. An exceptional addition to any library."
76561198007324938,Recommended,304650,18305902,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"This game was a huge surprise. It is incredibly well written and the setting is very well thought, the immersion is total.Lots of quality all over the place, this game is a work of love.Potential drawbacks I can think of are: you've got to read all, not only because it should be a pleasure, but also because the game pretty much is a text adventure at its heart. So if you buy this game mainly for the exploration/survival/combat aspects, you'll be disappointed. It does have these elements, and they are also somewhat fleshed out.But where the game really shines is the writing."
76561198007051957,Recommended,304650,18329842,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Plank_Knight,"Much like the zee, it will draw you in and hold you tight, and you will never know exactly why."
,Recommended,304650,18335479,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SubWoofer,"Its an amazing exploration game. Closest thing to a good star trek game I could find, but on the ocean, undeground."
76561198025515495,Recommended,304650,18405189,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Jessiea,"Hard, insane, great plot and soooo worth it! 4/5"
76561198039463852,Recommended,304650,15371240,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Kirkland Langue,"I recommend the game because it has a very interesting and unique feel to the game.  Really anyone, who likes the idea of being a captain of a ship in the middle of an unexplored, dark, and foggy sea  would be cool, should play this game.That said, it's not a game that can keep one excited for very long.  First off, the game world is designed to be dreary - but there is only so much dreariness someone can take before they have to go one to something else.  More importantly though, as others have pointed out, after the first few hours of exploring and learning what your limits are - the game becomes a dreary grindfest.What could be changed about the game to make it more engaging?  It's been a while since I played - but my memory tells me that it was having to repeatedly go to the same places over and over again, simply to collect fuel and supplies or money to buy them, that really made the game feel like it dragged on.  If things changed every time you arrived at a location, that would make it much more interesting to go back there."
76561198094486185,Recommended,304650,14705893,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Pandamonium,good game. simple as that
,Recommended,304650,14715222,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Shadow La'Bestia,"After spending more then 150 hours in this game I can confidently say: ""It's a masterpiece""This game is a well-balanced story driven RPG with rogue-like elements, real-time battles and a ton of well-written text. Truely, I never seen such huge amounts of text in games for a long time.Th most similar game for Sunless Sea would be Vangers. It's only thin piece of steel between you and unforgiven world."
76561198008554948,Recommended,304650,14717515,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,lomulocamotive,Neat game. I really enjoyed it!One criticism and it can probably be fixed easily. The game desiginers should have a speed setting so the ship can travel faster between ports in certain situations.
,Recommended,304650,14720486,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Chonks,"If you enjoy lots of reading and can get past the clunky UI, you'll have a lot of fun with this game. Amazing atmosphere, very gloomy and ominous. Great music and the gameplay is actually quite good once you start figuring things out."
,Recommended,304650,14698953,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Datsuzoku,"A great game of sailing the dark unterzee. It has a complex and amazing world full of gothic horror, strange tidings, and the occasional lovely encounter. While rogue-likeish it is mostly about the stories you can find. Which is where the game is at it strongest. Don't expect to go in purely for the trading or combat.Exploring the mysteries is what makes this game so much fun."
76561198143564257,Not Recommended,304650,14588037,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,rtmayo,"I really, really wanted to like this game.  The ambiance is good, the story is interesting,  and then the pacing just murdered it.  You start with nothing and are given no good way to gain anything.  So you slowly hemorage resources until you run out of fuel.  I found no good trade routes at all, no information is given to lead you to useful ports.  All the sellable items give you barely enough money to cover fuel, much less damage.  I have to assume that it'll be updated, however until then it's a chrome turd."
76561198076266539,Recommended,304650,15827825,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,citybob60,"Aye, it's grand.  But a crab'll do for you, mark my words."
76561197991500367,Recommended,304650,13362081,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,GreyWuskerfluffFriendOfAllDogish,"This game is absolutely stunning. The music is immersive and extremely chilling, the setting is unique and draws you in like you would not belive, and the writing is fanatistic.I would highly recommend this game. 10/10"
76561198073975642,Recommended,304650,14843878,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Finnster1012,This game is great first run ran out of fuel had no money got towed and lost my ship and recieved a really crappy one I wanted to kill the tow guy so bad great writing and fun gameplay
,Recommended,304650,24402997,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Doc Nacht,"Sunless Sea is a really fun game for me, and also, at times, a terrifying game. For the most part, you can ignore the lovecraftian elements. Sure, you buy fuel from Hell, and transport illicit crates of human souls, but it can almost be passed off as a simple resource management game with a touch of the supernatural.Escept when something slips through the cracksSomething, unacountably, that shouldn't be so unnerving, but is, and a shiver runs down your spine, and you are, for a split second, terrified out of your skull.It's one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198097773969,Recommended,304650,14004266,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Retarded Communist,Steampunk + Subterranean London + Zee Monsters = An Awesome Indie Game!
76561198061578863,Recommended,304650,13978751,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,hart_56,"Such a fun game!It's a unique little world filled with mystery, suspense, and difficult yet-oh-so-rewarding-challenges.Only have a few hours in so far, but I'm really enjoying it.Only issues I've had have been with the difficulty or 'learning' curve. You have to start slow, and you will die once, twice, or like me: 5 TIMES before you can get a true feel for the game.It makes you want to push your crew and vessel to their limits, which is a huge gamble, but if you can survive you'll find some cool little stories/texts, and can really improve your ship. Go big or go home, high risk and high reward.Over-all awesome!Also It's 1:15am and I'm having visions of Pirate ships/evil eye'd creatures... Zzzzz..."
76561198041995956,Recommended,304650,15221501,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,bahamut66,"This game is absolutely fantastic.  A bit slow at times and it can be frustrating how cryptic things are, but never have I felt such a joyous sense of exploration in a video game.  The last time I felt so free and so excited to head out to see was when I played Uncharted Waters on the SNES.If that's not enough to convince you, please, check out my video review of the game to learn how it plays and what I think.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTGFb1ZJuQg"
76561198052073352,Not Recommended,304650,16539273,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zero,"This is the first game I have decided to refund.  I went into this game expecting it to be about exploring a strange world and living out a unique story.  What I found was a game in which you get to plod along in a slow boat for about an hour before your fuel, supplies, and funding inevitably run dry and all hope becomes lost.  I'm no stranger to rougelikes, after all The Binding of Issac is one of my favorite gmes.  However, as I was about to start my 3rd captain I realized that I was starting from nothing for the third time.  Unlike most other roguelikes, Sunless Sea lacks any sort of permanent progression system to make future runs more productive.Slow, boring, lacking in any sense of progression, and even the much-praised writing isn't terribly good."
76561198008938194,Recommended,304650,18260229,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Bagthief,A great way to kill an afternoon.
,Recommended,304650,20343616,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Plot,"Ran out of money, went Insane, and got eaten by an iceberg.Top Game."
,Recommended,304650,31008873,Posted: 7 April,all,Fuzzybanana,This game would be great if it stopped leaving crumbs all over the GOD DAMNED FLOOR!!!!
,Recommended,304650,16900644,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Gabraham,"This game is great.nice artstyle, very interesting lore and is alot of fun to play although slow paced.Its worth noting that this game is also very difficult. The intricate storylines and the drastic changes in the world that are caused by your actions in the game make this one of my favorites."
76561197970887820,Recommended,304650,17259605,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mandrake42,"In the world of Sunless Sea, London has been swallowed under the earth about a century ago and now lies at the edge of a vast underground ocean where humans and others eke out an existence in the dark and morbid carverns. Its an odd world that has its roots in weird fiction like H.P.Lovecraft or China Mieville.You are a boat captain setting sail into the unknown in your trusty vessel. Sunless Sea is an exploration game that shares elements of roguelike games, with its permadeath and a world that is semi randomized each playthrough. You will encounter weird and deadly creatures, odd cultures and cults, dark gods, ancient evils and strange relics. Almost all the main narrative conveyed through very well written passages of text, with the options available decided by the players inventory and previous experiences.Between these bizarre encounters you will sail the world in real time, having gun battles with foes (And running like hell sometimes) and salvaging whats left. You can buy new ships or upgrade your current one with a variety of weapons and utility items, some vessels are cargo haulers, others are more combat focused. With each death you can carry something of you current captain onto the next, if you progress enough you can even write a will and leave all your progress to a future heir. Progress is slow and iterative, you will die and start over multiple time.Its all together an unusual mix of gameplay elements that is somehow more than the sum of its parts. If I had to sum up the games greatest strenght, its atmosphere. The game has an amazing sense of place, the overwhelming sense of mystery is what keeps you playing, each captain slowly unfolding another layer of the puzzle."
76561198090728185,Not Recommended,304650,28306448,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,tundraghost,"This game has both good and not so good sides but I didn't like it overall.Atmosphere is great but not of my type -- I don't like the lovecraftian feeling of darkness, desperateness and illness. That's the main reason I don't recommend the game.Now to more details:This is by no means arcade, it's more like adventure with large bit of travel, explore and trade.Most of the time you'll be following the talk-and-choose stories in cities and exporing the vastness of the zee.Combat is only occasional and is often undesirable because of costs to repair.Graphics of the zee are beautiful, music is great and the map is huge, and is generated randomly on every start.You'll be constantly fighting with limited resources which also could be a bad point for you (I liked this part).The game is very atmospheric which is great BUT that's the exact point why I stopped playing it and why I don't recommend it -- I don't like the athmosphere. If you like horrific mysterious feeling you'll like the game.Otherwise consider if you want to live the game that way -- it's absolutely terrific in that.SPOILER ADVICE: to replenish fuel (which you'll constantly miss) make sure you gather port reports for every port you visit and bring back it to Admiral to London. This way from every run I could get a dozen of barrels of fuels and a decent sum of money."
,Recommended,304650,26314474,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Monotonous Noodler,Convinced a Rat Kingdom to fight for their independence. They all died.Pirates? Fine. Big♥♥♥♥♥crabs? Fine. Bondage Sharks? Fine. Jellyfish? Got rekt.Had a family in London while I screw around with my crew officers.I died.I died again.Guess what? I died. Again.And again.10/10 Would play Dickless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198259850922,Recommended,304650,25850515,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Duke Napalm,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. Going on 170 hours now and I am still dying (sometimes quite literally) to finally see what the Tireless Mechanic needs that ungodly  amount of rare stuff for, or even what the hell the Dawn Machine -actually- does. I more than take my time with the game, but there really is a wealth of rich story-driven content to sink your teeth into. To say that the writing and atmosphere are top-notch would only be parroting what so many other reviewers have already said, but I have to add my voice to the number! Combat is simplistic yet satisfying, and challenging in it's own right... hell, even the music is unique and chillingly atmospheric.-Added BonusListening to the zee lapping gently at the sides of your ship has to be just about the best cure for insomnia ever. That is, until you nod off at the helm and a tentacle makes off with a crew member or you blunder straight into an eldritch horror.Nicely done, Failbetter, nicely done.(Yes, you should get it!)"
,Recommended,304650,25701732,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,nameless,This game is great
76561198063862691,Recommended,304650,26306909,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ardneh04,"An excellent, old school Rpg that keeps you coming back no matter how bad you ragequit!!!"
76561198189164674,Recommended,304650,25471332,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,sergeant_0ddball,"You are the captain of an old tramp steamer, not the largest, not the most well armed, and definatley not the fastest. Your task is to try to make a living and retire in comfort in this dark, mysterious, monster-filled world. Fuel is expensive, as are supplies. Profit margins are thin, grab what you can when you can.Can you rise to the challenge?"
76561198096090777,Recommended,304650,25988679,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,zigurat,"This is one of the most beautiful (in a twisted kind of way) games ever made, the visuals, the sound the gripping story are all hand made and cared for, and you can notice, the combat is nothing too complex but satisfying and is well entwined in the game's general theme, overall a great experienced though it should be noted that the difficulty is quite unforgiving."
76561198130997438,Recommended,304650,29698876,Posted: 4 February,all,sirpingouin,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing nerve-racking game. But it's one of the best game I've ever played. To play with moderation (if you want to stay sane that is). The gameplay reminds of The Darkest Dungeon (but the hard mod is more enjoyable for soft players) with the addition of a soft mod
76561198017101200,Recommended,304650,29983662,Posted: 17 February,all,Lastaire,"Not my typical game, graphics wise, but omg the stories! So freaking good! And I adore the music! I freqently listen to the music outside the game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,304650,29680119,Posted: 3 February,all,(continuous internal screaming),"I've been involved with the Fallen London lore since around 2014, and although I knew about this game, it hadn't really crossed my mind to give it a try. It's dark, and vivid, and menacing, and it's wonderful. It has beautiful graphics, but its real horror lies in the text. If you think you've seen everything chilling in story form, you're wrong. It IS challenging, though, and you'll likely die pretty quickly, especially if you have no idea what you're doing. There's a lot of very detailed lore and you won't find all of it in this game alone."
76561197975539981,Recommended,304650,26393959,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Babbles,"Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Amazing how people like watching sprites do things without much input, just fing ruubish.I pick up a passenger, they know where they are going, but not where it is.No option to punch them in the teeth and ask - where the f do you ACTUALLY want to go - just head off into the unkown, like that worked out for any sailor, ever.No charts, no navigation, nothing to do with boat lore.Retard game for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you were a taxi driver, you would shoot this game in the balls. Rubbish."
76561197984269843,Not Recommended,304650,20462035,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,jinnantonix,"Here's the thing -- I just didn't understand this game.  I don't know why -- I didn't find it enjoyable, wouldn't purchase again, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The graphics are stunning.  And the game seems to be pretty complex.  There seems to be a lot of content.The idea seems new -- you navigate your way through what is an underground seascape.  Complete missions, trade various commodities, assault ports, engage in combat.  It is remniscent of Sid Meiers' ""Pirates"".Only this wasn't enjoyable.  Perhaps I'm impatient -- there seems to be a tremendous learning curve here.  I don't have time for a tremendous learning curve.  I don't need things to be easy, I just don't like being tasked to figure it out as you go -- that is, the basic mechanics of the game.  I found navigating the great underground ocean to be much trickier than you would think.  After all, there's a map.  But there seems to be something that messes with the scale of the landscape.  I couldn't find my way around, even with a map.Your boat seems to barely have enough energy (supplies such as coal) to make it from port to port.  Immediately, you're out of fuel and food.  And you don't have any money.  And so you coast to a stop in one of the few ports you can reliably find.  And get involved in some quest that gets you neither foor nor fuel or money.It's a pity because I really think there's a game here that I would like.  Perhaps I will come back to it in six or seven months when I have a little more personal time.  Until that time, I don't have much use for this game.  One of the many games that are over-recommended on Steam and yet, with me at least, have not delivered.As always, you need to see my criticism through this lens -- I'm a casual gamer.  I have a career, a life, a family, and am struggling under the pressure of soul-crushing student-loan debt.  I don't need games that are easy to play but I do need games that are simpler to LEARN.  Therein lies the difference."
,Recommended,304650,25658901,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kenamo,Marvelous game from a great indie studio. Only recommended if you like reading copious amounts of well written text between bursts of lonesome sailing in the terrifying Unterzee.
76561197993698924,Recommended,304650,25385912,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,wolfling,"It's unique world filled with all sorts of strange, unique and highly compeling characters and events. Ben playing it for hours and hours and I still keep running into new stories.Sure, at some point you get bored of the walls of texts and start checking out for items you've got rather then details of where they came from, but it takes a long while and the game remains fun even then. Not least because the money balance is good. In many games, you get all the good toys too soon. Here, I still keep struggling to get my hands on better equipment and ships. And it's FUN!"
76561197985565721,Recommended,304650,23889261,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bjgsham1,N! THE SUN! THE SUN! THE SUN! THE SUN! THE SUN! THE SU
76561198082076558,Recommended,304650,14407588,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,doodlesnickers89,"Now THIS is the kind of roguelite game I've been looking for.The idea is that London has sank a mile below the surface (it was stolen by bats[yes, as in the little winged hellbeasts]), where there is a sea under the Earth. Since this setting is in the late 1800s, it's steamboats and artillery shells as far as the eye can see. It's a little like FTL, in that you manage your hull integrity, food and fuel as you explore a partially procedurally-generated world. The first half of the map or so, where all the starting areas are, is pretty much the same every trip, but everything changes at the far reaches.You can upgrade your ship, swap out commanders (things like engineers, cooks, etc) and get into combat. The combat is the only thing about this game I don't like, in that it's repetitive and worse, melee enemies (things like giant crabs, sharks and giant eels) hit you with attacks that are completely unavoidable unless you are directly up in their grill the whole time. I wish there were a few more options at my disposal in combat. The game also doesn't always tell you what can and can't be upgraded on your starter ship, so beware if you're just jumping in.I also would complain about how much echo it costs to do anything compared to how little you get. Yeah, going to the other end of the map wand scouting out there will get you a cool 2-3k  echo, but it takes forever to get out there, and you'll probably burn through that much money in supplies, terror alieviation and fuel alone. I mean, even scouting the island with the sisters makes you 5 echo and costs about 50 in supplies/fuel to get to. The economy in this game needs to be fine-tuned, I think. I get it's a roguelite, but I've had to start over simply because I don't have enough money to do anything anymore. So that can get a bit frustrating.The real draw here is the story, as strange as that sounds for a roguelite. There's the overarching story, but the bulk of it concerns your crew and your personal quest. Each port you go to has a new and interesting tale (though if you don't like reading, it may be a bit of a stumbling block) that is sometimes expanded on by further interaction with its inhabitants. Some of these are funny (like rat-people fighting gerbils for control of a jewel) some of them are unsettling (a land of basically mummies that can't die) and some are horrfying yet hilarious (I watched a sacrifice that was immediately followed by pies at the local  pub), and some are just horrifying (I'll never forget watching my crewmen eat each other). It's a very strange mix of eldritch (you probably notice Lovecraft getting name-dropped a lot in these reviews. There's a reason for that), funny and whimsical that I find really intriguing. I also like how when you scout each port, there's a little bit said back at Fallen London, to add more characterization to how it views the other under-earth entities. All told, there is a surprising amount of depth to this world, and it makes you want to keep on exploring to find out more (and get more supplies, so your crew don't eat each other).Then there's what you yourself can do. Will you start a tryst with a crewmember? A spy on shore? Perhaps you'll finally see what your First Officer's banging on about with these strangely friendly three sisters hanging out at a mansion all by themselves. Will you accept the bruiser's offer for supplies in exchange for future favors rendered or ignore him since you know what that does later on in the game? It's very much a 'make your own story' game, and it does it pretty well.Of course, at sixteen hours, I realized there was a bit of a problem: I'd already done most everything, and though most events came with different results, good or bad, I'd seen most of those too. I also found myself wishing on occasion for more options or closure. A good example would be the Scarred Sister, whose story I won't spoil (it's probably the saddest one in the game), but you never really get any closure there. Never any idea what happened and why, or any chance to make things right. Same with the Wistful Devilless, who just kinda dissapears after the visit to your place, never to be heard from again if you don't have high enough rep with her. The makers of the game are putting out more content if you sign up on their website. I had no problem doing it, but I know some might. On top of that, It's too early to tell how often and dense these updates will be.If you're a lover of story-driven games, I'd highly recommend this. If you're looking for gameplay, you might want to try something else (Darkest Dungeon, perhaps, if you don't mind a game based entirely on dice rolls)."
,Recommended,304650,14475478,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Amniku,"Very Fun:Creative, and will take every ounce of skill and pre-plan you can muster.It WILL be a dark tale of a damed crew.....I love the combat system, and navigation system. I just think the story should be voiced over."
,Recommended,304650,14487359,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FreeCell,great
,Recommended,304650,14506074,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Un Petit Vélorail,"First, I was reluctant to the idea of buying this game at full price. When I saw the critics, i thought Sunless Sea was clearly over-rated (as some other elegant indie games). It was not. I have been playing for 13 hours so far and the more I play this game, the more it gets me.  It is a remarkable narrative experience in such a deep universe that it doesn't even need a main story. You just have to explore and interesting things will happen. The art is gorgeous and feeds a captivating atmosphere. One of the best role-playing games I have played, but you got to be ok with english reading (text is the essence of the game).  By the way, sorry for my english, I'm French (but I'm in love with this game and I got to write this review).10/10 : would sacrifice my crew again. More seriously, 10/10."
76561197983618950,Recommended,304650,15141932,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SrsTeapot,It's great.
,Recommended,304650,12535316,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Wayne Jamison,"Day 1... killed by bats, second attept... day 1, killed by living iceberg Wtf? okay third attempt, day 5 Lost at sea, ate crew, abondoned ship. Well that was fun. So far this game is a bit hard to get the hang of, but once you realize reading the tutorials actually helps it gets really fun. I cant wait to seewhat the finished game looks like. I'll probably have a seizure of awesomeness and 100+ hours on it. HIghly recommended rpg LOw spec requirment much fun"
,Recommended,304650,15497448,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Exka,Excellent atmosphere
76561198047669191,Recommended,304650,22351081,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SatelliteOfLove,"On the very, very short list of ""games whose writing can stand in sight of Planescape: Torment"". This game knows when to go direct, when to pour on the flowery purple prose, how to coin a phrase, or when to use an obscure euphamism with exemplary grace and power.It is eerie, it overflows with choking atmosphere, and the creativity is off the damn charts. Islands where people play chess 24/7 till they're covered with coral? A city of self-mummifying dead? An island where postmen desperately organize lost mail? HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN TThe few flaws come with the utilization of Roguelike mechanics on this text adventure/CPRG/Roguelike hybrid. Some say the start is too repetitious, but I feel the real problem comes at end game when currency and resources are a trifle and you're tooling around in a Behemustache-crushing death ship searching for the next knot in the story thread you're currently embarked on.But it's small potatoes for how many highs this game has. Set sail, the Zee calls."
76561197995583676,Not Recommended,304650,32164473,Posted: 3 June,all,Defenestrator,"I started this game thinking that it would be a fun mashup of Pirates! and story, but I was disappointed. The story and atmosphere of this game are great, but the pacing is too slow and once you've hit all of the main encounters once or twice, replaying them with your ancestors when you die becomes a chore. You will die a lot because the game is stacked against the player. Unlike other trading games, it seems like as soon as you find a good trade route the game closes it up with a plot point, or the trade route has a time limit on it. New ships and ship upgrades are so expensive that they don't really feel worth it. I felt like I had to hit spoilers a lot if I wanted to actually make any progress, but the surprises are the only thing that make the game interesting in the first place, so I just gave up."
76561198039598318,Not Recommended,304650,26426173,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CptMfdvr,"i dont mind repetition if its entertaining, sadly this is not. decent enough atmosphere though"
76561197977881160,Not Recommended,304650,26755493,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Brodo Swaggins,"Oh. My. GOD. Could this game be any slower.The writing is world-class. Like, some of the best from any game. Ever.But the gameplay loop is tedious beyond belief. I wanted to like this so so SO much. It's everything I love about games and monsters and oceans. But I just couldn't stick with it."
76561198028169803,Not Recommended,304650,30584949,Posted: 17 March,all,kayimbo,"I thought i reviewed this game like 2 years ago.  Its pretty much what everyone else said, the story is neat and the game aspect sucks.  I think i got 30 hours into it and didn't finish the story ,then I died and was like ""well, no possible chance i will repeat the story for the  15th time, done with this forever""I would give it a positive review if that was the only issue, but also the updates seem ♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Overall good idea bad execution."
76561198093230940,Not Recommended,304650,28755577,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Logzor,"I really wanted to like this game. Amazing artwork, sound effects, and storyline. What broke it for me was the slow pace, high learning curve, and note-taking required to follow any of the quests. Lots of back and forth to re-fuel and re-supply at ports made the game tedious - most of the time putting you back where you started. It's hard to get ahead."
,Recommended,304650,27873958,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dan Flerlage,Good scary water simulator
,Recommended,304650,27875119,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ares,Great for those that like story driven and atmospheric games with a challenge.
,Recommended,304650,30056892,Posted: 20 February,all,Dr Evyl,"Thoroughly enjoyable exploration game.It's mainly text focussed (regarding the story elements you encounter) and has a little bit of a board game feel to it but the stories are fantastic and I've barely covered a fraction of what is available.For the price I can't recommend this enough. That being said, if you like action focussed games and hate reading ... then perhaps steer clear in that case."
76561197999048974,Recommended,304650,30047437,Posted: 19 February,all,kkwaters31,"I really enjoyed playing this game for free for the weekend, I have been eyeballing it ever since release, and am now going to buy it.  I am pleasantly surprised, as some of the other reviews were poor.   I do not agree with those reviews as the attributes of the game that they viewed unfavorable, are favorable for me.   For a game, this is very well done.  Thank you."
,Recommended,304650,30059578,Posted: 20 February,all,Bruno,Great game.  Can go from calm and relaxing to creepy and intense at the flip of coin.
76561198085429617,Not Recommended,304650,20081965,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,StoneMonster,game to big to much ocean 11/10
76561197980091638,Recommended,304650,14424918,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,thehomegaman,"On my first playthrough I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off one of the three Gods of the sea, ran out of fuel within sight of London, then had said Sea God rescue me by placing me at an altar of madness. I ate my crew then starved to death.11/10. Must play."
,Recommended,304650,32877765,Posted: 27 June,all,Fluff,Really fun game!
76561198175558341,Not Recommended,304650,20876479,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,westwood.tiffany,"Neat stories, but honestly so so so so so annoying that you are constantly dying and losing everything, even when you planned so well. I get that the makers are trying to really put it out there that dying is normal and you go through loads of captains or something, but it's sooooooooooo ANNOYING having to do all the same quests again! Build up your numbers again! Get all the people and euipment all over again!!"
76561198215319120,Recommended,304650,31380603,Posted: 26 April,all,Caedis Sama,"I absolutely LOVE sunless sea, as well as FB's other game Fallen London for IOS! I can't say I've ever player a game quite like it. My friend and I play SS together, where i sail the ship and he mans the cannon. i make tough desicions, while he navagates and looks after the crew. It is currently one of my favourite games, and continues to suprise me even to this day! I cannot wait for the adventure to take place in Sunless Skies!"
76561198157856469,Recommended,304650,31420496,Posted: 28 April,all,club24,is good
,Recommended,304650,31423570,Posted: 28 April,all,SkyToArk (>O.O)>,Really good and immersive...
,Recommended,304650,14910301,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Spirit Of The Union | 44,Great experience
76561198142330073,Recommended,304650,27321568,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,El_Caleuche,"I have sailed to many lands, now I make my final journeyOn the bow I stand, west is where I goThrough the night I plough, still my heart, calculate and prayAs the compass swings, my will is strong, I will not be led astrayMysteries of time clouds that hide the sunBut I know, but I know, but I knowI see the ghosts of navigators but they are lostAs they sail into the sunset they'll count the costAs their skeletons accusing emerge from the seaThe sirens of the rocks, they beckon meTake my heart and set it free, carried forward by the wavesNowhere left to run, navigator's son,Chasing rainbows all my daysWhere I go I do not know, I only know the place I've beenDreams they come and go, ever shall be so,Nothing's real until you feel"
,Recommended,304650,18673560,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,PantsFreeZone,Zee Unter-Zee is Zee Mozt Fabulouz10/10Buy this game.
76561197993060918,Recommended,304650,26043791,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Aquinas,8.5/10
,Recommended,304650,13449861,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fuchs_,"Great game, lotsa fun!"
76561198106956388,Recommended,304650,14397231,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,NickM94,"The Zee is a darn and unforgiving place, but it is also a damn fun place"
76561198027635045,Recommended,304650,14384907,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sid,Excellent adventure. Kafka+Nietzsche and a bit of Hemingway on the top!
,Recommended,304650,14393378,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,efogs,Lost all my men. Got crabs. Died. 10/10
76561198044416860,Recommended,304650,14393397,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Señor Bob,"I've only had this game for a couple of days, but I've already fallen in love with it. Like the Underzee itself, the game is dynamic, mysterious, dark, incredibly deep, and so easy to lose yourself in. Get it now."
,Recommended,304650,14393435,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Wargarble,"A fantastically moody little exploration game set in a Lovecraftian ocean. This game combines the theme of Arkham Horror, desperate ship exploration of FTL, and aesthetics of Don't Starve. It is a game for patient players who learn from their mistakes."
76561197970822233,Recommended,304650,14398117,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Warpath,Amazing game with seemingly endless content and replayability.   Highly recommended!
,Recommended,304650,14398463,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,And then John was a zombie.,"It's like  Rogue Legacy meets FTL meets some measure of Lovecraft meets 1800's London and Steampunk all at once. The backgrounds and soundtrack have lent this game a whole eerie yet grasping curious feel. You'll start off in Lost London with little to nothing to your name and venture out, no idea where you're going or what you're doing. And the then the game twists your arm...slowly.From watching a mansion burn to eating nothing but salted bat wings and watching glowing crabs pass beneath your hull whilst out of fuel in the middle of nowhere and your crew eating each other as a shark approaches your silent guns...my word.I am absolutely in love with this game simply for the logbook and text and some of the information tidbits and how easily this game crafts an absolutely alien world in a matter of seconds as you explore unknown territory and your map lights up and you discover yourself and your ship all alone in a foreign area, low on food and fuel and begging the gods to help you.Do yourself a favor...DO NOT READ THE WIKI for this game. It will ruin the magic for you here. Go out there, play, start your engines, run out of fuel, eat your dead and pray to fickle gods to have mercy upon your souls. Just hope you have enough crew left to pilot your ship once your plea for fuel has been granted...And as your ship sinks, your crew flounders around you and the fish begin to devour you in the murky depths of an emotionless ocean...carry on your legacy."
,Recommended,304650,14391295,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Delta,"Easily one of my favorite indie-RPG releases of the past year, Sunless Sea offers addictive challenges and sublime writing that will remind you of the old story-driven RPGs of yesteryear.  The Lovecraftian themes and dark gritty overtones of the Zeefaring life which has no clear cut good/evil paths are definitely some of my favorite aspects of the game.  Though frustratingly difficult at first, Sunless Sea will soon have you questioning your own motives and will make you realize there are no black and white choices, there are only decisions you must make to survive."
,Recommended,304650,14396895,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Codepage9(pie),This game is a brilliant example of storytelling hiding in the skin of a fun little game. The gameplay is simple and easy to learn and master. The decisions you make? Interesting and unknowable!
76561198210685721,Recommended,304650,26218287,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Tiger,Good game! buy it
,Recommended,304650,26258930,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cammo,my favourite sailing/cannibal/insanity simulator
,Recommended,304650,30021748,Posted: 18 February,all,Secondus,I really enjoy this game because of it's story and the secrets
76561198022241634,Recommended,304650,14230884,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Gozzle,"Imagine a kind of Dishonored world, fleshed out with a myriad of strange and beautifully written stories and played out from a top down, exploration and pick your own adventure style. If it sounds like a mess, then that's only because words can't really do it justice. It's a totally unique game and the screenshots convey the amazing aesthetic perfectly. If you like a game you can really sink your teeth into and experience, one where you can just enjoy the ride, then you should buy it. A labour of love like this can't be overvalued."
,Recommended,304650,27526698,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Justeer,"This game is certainly not for everyone. It has slow tempo, lots of text, lots of waiting, hoping and despairing at the zea. Basiaclly the games victorian/lovecraftian text exploration (plus basic combat against monsters and other zailors) where the imagination and the zee will fill in the gaps. The atmosphere of the game gnaws even at the inexperienced zailors and you're always wondering whether you have enough fuel and supplies while hoping that none of your crew members goes suidical or worse yet homidical. And when returning safely to your lodgings you may realize that reality is far worse than what your nightmares at zea promised. But ss a bonus you might get to taste some fine Venetian espresso."
76561198020586501,Recommended,304650,13840154,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Scribbles,"Even as an early access title, this is worth the money. If you love games where you get to pilot a ship with a crew, and you enjoy good writing, this is for you. I'm having trouble thinking of other games like this that don't take place in space. It's honestly hard to place this game, genre-wise, but it shares some  similarities with a lot of ship management/trading/exploration games. If I really had to compare apples to oranges, I'd still say that this game is superior to almost all other titles in similar genres. It's not the best, but it can certainly compete with the best.The writing is really what makes it. If you're tired of games targeted at 13-year-olds and manchildren, this is probably for you. I cannot recommend this title enough. I wouldn't call it an instant classic, but it's up there. It's close to being one.It's one of those very rare games where you're able to get sucked in for hours.The following people must purchase this game:-Anyone who loves exploration in games-People with a dark sense of humor-People with a goofy, HGTTG, sense of humor-People who prize narrative over muscles, boob armor, and knives that make you go fast-Anyone who loves Lovecraft-Anyone who loves Heart of Darkness/Joseph Conrad-Adults who haven't been isolated from diverse groups of people and circumstances. I'm looking at you, white suburban manchildren.-People who enjoyed SPAZ, Space Rangers, and other titles, but would have preferred a smaller galaxy with a stronger narrative and less focus on repetitive trade runs"
76561198030828632,Recommended,304650,20859781,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,BigBadCat,"I never thought, that going insane can be so captivating..."
,Recommended,304650,17525285,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Atlas,"What an amazing game. So much depth and so many hidden secrets within the well-written narrative.I can't wait for the DLC and more content to explore this world in!Great job Devs, hope to see much more from your team!"
,Recommended,304650,27059637,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fnord3125,"I love Sunless Sea. As you can see from my time on record. That said, it's not a game for everyone. It definitely has a slow pace and is not a super easy game to get into. You need to be cool with taking your time with it, enjoying the writing and the world and the ambience. You need to be okay with dying. You need to be cool with the fact that combat is not really meant to be a big part of the game.But if so, fire this sucker up and dive (literally, if you get Zubmarine, which I highly recommend if you find yourself enjoying the base game) into a bizare and often creepy world of a sort that, as far as I know, doesn't exist anywhere else. And take my advice: don't be afraid to become a cannibal or sell your soul. What did your soul ever do for you, anyway?"
76561198082373954,Not Recommended,304650,30006863,Posted: 18 February,all,Cog3981,"Edit: after more than 10 hours I change the outcome of my review. It is extremely complex game. The one of the first mission is to be sent to the opposite side of map? Huh.. It doesn't make sense.I think more difficult level is missing and better balance. :(My original review:Well, this game is very high quality, atmospheric. It has depth.Only one thing is missing, change the difficulty. The 50 echo for starting is very few. For the hardcore gamers it would be enough but the beginners should have more money.I hacked the save file and allowed me 2000 echos. No more. That amount is enough to learn, explore the world, develop the ship, do some mistakes."
76561198015077486,Not Recommended,304650,16384145,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sn0wflake,Painfully slow...
76561198016828227,Recommended,304650,16445774,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slimwaffle,I bought this game for the concept it sounded good but I just couldn't get into it. 6/10
76561197989383204,Not Recommended,304650,31568877,Posted: 5 May,all,Xira,"Man, this would be a really great game if...They had a million times more content so you never have to repeat the same story for the 5th time after you died.-OR-They had save-game-enabled as default and didn't have so many random % chance success events in the stories."
,Recommended,304650,20869875,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Singha,สนุกมาก แต่แอบดูดเวลา 55 เล่นไม่จบซักที
76561198147056921,Recommended,304650,31294240,Posted: 22 April,all,The Bourgeoisie,"cool indie title, loving it, but prepare for lots of grinding lol everythings expensive"
76561198115602725,Recommended,304650,13184122,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Syco_Clown,"I really want to enjoy Sunless Sea as the entire concept of the Fallen London universe really appeals to me. However I find it has the same problem as Dark Souls 1 in that I will usually get irritated by the steep learning curve it provides. For example my ship gets destroyed because I forgot to repair it the last time I was docked. This irritation usuall leads to me blatantly ignoring the game for weeks on end. Despite this I really enjoy the game. I like all the mechanics it employs, the music is some of the best I've ever heard and the stories it provides are intresting and amusing in equal measure."
76561198041420422,Recommended,304650,14370754,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ProfitLoki86,"Cant wait to try to full version, what they had in early access is well worth the listed price!More to come."
,Recommended,304650,14365047,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Turtrus,"Ran out of fuel in the middle of the ocean, in desparation decided to sacrifice a crew member to an unthinkable horror/unknowable god of the sunless sea. Was randomly transported to a strange port, still with no fuel, that I had no hope of ever escaping. Abandoned all hope, surrendered myself to madness and died at the hands of my crew when they mutinied against their insane captain.10/10 would play again."
76561198095990579,Recommended,304650,14562880,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bizarrewill,the Parrot ................were is the parrot?
76561197969548735,Recommended,304650,14370988,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PsycotiqDiscord,"“The sea always filled her with longing, though for what she was never sure.”"
,Recommended,304650,14555084,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Grrowlyfox,"10/ 10 Best enjoyed with an active imagination.I turn off all the lights and talk to my computer, pretending she is the crew, while planning out my next course of action, and navigating the Unterzee. Then I remember I'm just a grown man sitting in my room yelling out things like, ""Watch out for the zee monster, starboard side!"" and ""Look out for the pirates, ye scallywags!""I think I just realised why my neighbours avoid me.I'm so lonely."
,Recommended,304650,14363687,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,GameCharmer,"Yes, it's officially launched! Congrats Sunless Sea!Love this unique, dark game.  Definitely worth a few play throughs.  :)"
76561198084968303,Recommended,304650,14363820,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Puppy-Ozone,Thumbs Up.
,Recommended,304650,14365452,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Warbringer,Lovecraftian Misfortune and Perishing Simulator 2015
76561198014539309,Recommended,304650,14366980,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,boxmann,"If it looks like your kind of thing, you'll probably love it.I sure do."
,Recommended,304650,14363691,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,boostershot,I love this game. It's very unique and so inteesting. Thumbs up!
76561197988709901,Recommended,304650,14365001,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sovereign_2183,"I sailed to the four corners of the zee and back, witnessing every type of horror imaginable. I had tea with a rather pleasant deviless, caroused on an island where the cups scream, and assisted a race of noble guinea pigs in their civil war with egalitarian rats. I fought pirates, sharks, giant crabs. I went to a republic that abides by no laws, including the laws of nature. I aided an archaeologist who sold her soul to a monkey in exchange for digging equipment. I removed many of the internal organs of one of my crewmates, which he thanked me for. And after all that, I got killed by bats. Not demon bats, not giant bats. Just bats.10/10 would die ignobly again (and I'm sure I will).P.S. at no point did I embellish the experiences of the game or present things in a disingenuous light. All those things happened to me in one playthrough. And full disclosure, I have not yet seen any demon bats or giant bats, so they may not exist. Or maybe I just haven't run into them yet. Their existence would not at all surprise me."
,Recommended,304650,29215237,Posted: 12 January,all,BludStanes,"A very unforgiving and often very time consuming roguelike where instead of collecting new items, you collect stories which gives you access to more options. It's the roguelike version of Fallen London. I can see this game is not for everybody but personally I love it, my only gripe is the long journeys back to base constantly.If you like reading interesting steampunk/mythical/down right weird stories then this game is definetely for you. The writing is top notch, if you've played Fallen London at all, you know what I mean.Like I said, I love this but it won't be for everyone. Maybe give it a two hour spin and refund if it's not your cup of tea."
,Recommended,304650,16545521,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Sunlight Yellow Overdrive,Do Not Do This. Irrigo/10
,Recommended,304650,30049555,Posted: 19 February,all,Stubbs.,"I have 60 Minutes of Playtime on this astounding game, So maybe the not the most reliable source but feel free to read my review. Sunless Sea isn't like any exploration game, It's its own Hybrid. And the fact that this was a game on Kickstarter blew my mind. Yes it's complicated, Like sorting fuel, supplies, etc. But once you learn this complicated significant part of the game, It is definitely a fun times waiting to be had. Did I also mention, the fact you can create your own story and why you're exploring this vast Sea. Fulfillment, wealth, etc."
,Recommended,304650,30049000,Posted: 19 February,all,Snowmind,"First of all, let me just say thatSunless Seais not the typical game I play. Nevertheless, as I was impressed by FTL for a while and seeing the generous free weekend offer by Failbetter Games, I decided to sample this popular story driven title. I'll try and keep this review brief, so here's my personal take on Sunless Sea after about 10hrs of on/off-line gameplay on my laptop over the weekend:Pros:+ Compelling story, with many secrets to be discovered; persistent storyline even after loss of the captain (next captain inherits some stats)+ Great atmosphere, with a touch on the creepy side+ Randomised zee map, except for a few story driven places; adds to its longevity+ Some very funny quests and the ability to romance your officers with unexpected resultsCons:- Story becomes convoluted after a while, perhaps due to all the side quests.- The atmosphere was great at first but after ~5hrs gameplay, due to repetitiveness, I found myself mostly skimming through the choices without bothering to read them at length when making port. To survive you really need fuel and supplies, so the rest seem unimportant when your only goal (short term at least) is to explore as much as possible and get paid by the Admiralty (only reliant source of income).- The graphics and effects are passable, making Sunless Sea rise just a step above a textual MUD adventure (feels like old school RPG).- Some obvious balance problems, especially at the start, adding to the difficulty of the game (grinding enemies became necessary for my initial survival). After a few perma-deaths, I finally and only by luck managed to get a big payday, which in turn helped with upgrades, making Sunless Sea considerably more fun. Quests hardly make you any money (echoes) and trading is non-existent when you lack funds and have a tiny 40 spaces hold, shared with your supplies and fuel (read a few excellent guides along the way from workshop to progress faster).- The darkness of the top-down gothic design adds to the atmosphere but after a while it all starts to look the same, port after port (I would have liked to see some more distinct vibrancy represented by different cultural and color map changes).-----TL;DR: All in all myself and family quite enjoyedSunless Seafor what it was, a dark survival exploration adventure with a good story. I would definitely recommend it to all fans of the genre, especially at the heavily discounted price currently going on Steam. In addition a big thumbs up toFailbetter Gamesfor providing us with a free weekend to sample their game and wish more developers would follow suit to their example."
,Recommended,304650,29717606,Posted: 5 February,all,Cammy,vermly good
,Recommended,304650,21730637,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,harkonian,An interesting take on the roguelike genre. In some ways if feels almost like a throwback to Infocom all text adventure games (obviously with more than just text) -- which is a good thing!
,Recommended,304650,21720860,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",really awesome game
76561197988574241,Recommended,304650,21845828,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MadMurac,"This game is a lot of fun...It will make you want to explore. It will make you afraid of exploring.You will find ports that will give you something and ask you to take it and drop it off. Write it down... remember it. then abuse it to make money. Much easier than grinding.Lesson learned... do not always just follow someone through a portal. You game can and will end...  ^_^ You can sail off the map and die... or loose crew and supplies to make back. Of course only to starve since you used most of your supplies to get back...And lastly... do not touch the alter in the broken stadium place... it will drive you mad....And run from the iceberg... it will chance you and ram you..As bad as it sounds, it is really fun. Add in the quirky side stories and things that go on ( find the island where all the mail washes on shore... the back room exploring was funny... ) to make you explore, you will enjoy it."
76561198047416470,Recommended,304650,33253186,Posted: 4 July,all,Kaz,THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN.  THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN.
,Recommended,304650,23620697,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Shawgo,Better than a firkin of prisoner's honey.
76561198037783642,Recommended,304650,21744177,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sevenless,"eeehhh.... I want to write a good and interesting story to go with this holy grail of the zee. But I'm no story teller, so I'm just gonna list everything I like about the game:- The music really captures the atmosphere of the current setting. Slow and erie when sailing through the dark, loud and excited when arriving at ports (most of them)- The map is big enough to have every sail kept in suspense, but not big enough in inducing hopelessness when lost in the zee- The story is really engaging, sort of like Poe's work. I still regret sometimes that I had to skip over some when the text covered the whole page (instincts).- The combat is straight forward enough. Shoot anything that is not a merchant ship. I'm no programmer so yea. can't contribute much :Pif Elite: Dangerous was 2D and set in a zee some kilometers underground, this would be it.100/100 Keep up the good work! Can't wait till zeezubs to sail the depths XD"
76561197972048435,Not Recommended,304650,30089920,Posted: 21 February,all,ianmyles,"I so want to like this game but after three hours play, I just didn't feel that compelling drive to keep pushing through.  Perhaps I'll come back to it and give it another try after I've exhausted the games I own that do find compelling..."
,Recommended,304650,32797852,Posted: 25 June,all,wongasta,Amazing game nuff said
,Not Recommended,304650,17356278,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Bergström,"Not my game at all, i expected an ftl with ships and i rly didnt find this fun."
,Recommended,304650,30039764,Posted: 19 February,all,ZeeAyeSeeKay,"It was fun for a free weekend (thanks dev!), but it isn't for me. If you are expecting a fast paced, shoot em up, bullet hell where you run on walls and drop more explosives then all the wars combined...move along. If you are expecting a top down ship based micro management game set in (????) with a 'we're screwed' kinda feel that moves slowly at times and at others has you worried if you'll have enough fuel to make it to port. Then a sprinkle of 'wtf was that under the water?!'.Does that sound awesome? Then this game is for you. It is fun, in a dark souls kinda way.So I do recommend it."
76561198065726885,Recommended,304650,30034335,Posted: 19 February,all,I FUCKING HATE MAPLE SYNTAX,Good story but little to no description as to what is important to do what. The tutorial is somewhat lacking I dont understand what is worth how much and what I should spend my secrets on etc.  Also you need to be a native speaker or have much practise in English literature because its heavily reliant on a broad vocabulary and vivid imagination. Overall quite a time intensive game.
,Recommended,304650,27391654,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dave,"Amazing game!Tons, and TONS of reading, which is what makes it a really enjoyable game but not for everyone.The soundtrack is not my favourite and sometimes I rather play something by myself, but just because of the narrative this is one of my top 5 games at least, if you like to read this is probably your game!"
,Recommended,304650,26033205,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,nick@amusedsloth,One of the most memorable games that I will always recommend.
76561198044418045,Recommended,304650,26032087,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,J0N0,"Ho ho!That little game is fun! Very addictive, Every time you play your story is somewhat different. Tons of places to discover and hard choices to make in order to survive.Costomize and upgrade your ship, skills and crew. Fight monsters and pirates on a dark and gloomy sea. I always liked lovecraftian style game, a perfect fit for me : survive, explore while trying to avoid turning insane!Kudos"
,Recommended,304650,27393281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Woof Beagleton,"One of the best games I've played in recent times, it fully SUBMERGES me in the lore and style of the game. A must have for anyone who likes story based adventure games. A lot of reading though :)"
76561198062423669,Recommended,304650,27369289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hemerodromus,"Sunless Sea is surprisingly immersive and deeply satisfying overall, but it has an extremely harsh learning curve.  If you buy this game, you will only get your money's worth if you stick with it for a little while.  It suffers from the same learning curve issues of Dark Souls, in that the combat is skill based, and the means to achieve victory are obscured, in some cases deliberately, to provide a challenge.  Nevertheless, the game as a whole is amazingly fulfilling upon completion of any sort of goal for the first time."
76561198159519033,Recommended,304650,28972425,Posted: 3 January,all,LoftyWords,My everlasting gratitude for making the font size adjustable.
,Recommended,304650,28886381,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,the_grassninja,"I definitely recommend this game, though not as emphatically as I would like to.The writing and aesthetic are spectacular, but after awhile the game's rogue-like nature, which didn't initially bother me, became a turn off. Every time you die and restart your adventure the game world, to an extent, reshuffles all of the locations, but none of the story lines tied to these locations change. Story threads that were incomplete upon your previous death, especially those further across the world, can require a good amount of time/effort to get back into assuming you don't die again before reaching their starting point, and again assuming you don't die before completing them on your second, third, fourth, etc pass. After awhile I found myself wishing for a rogue-less option twhere I could explore the world and enjoy the writing, without having to restart completely from scratch after a death.TL;DR: This is a great game, but I found myself eventually wishing it was less rogue-like and more story driven RPG, or at least offered that as an option."
,Recommended,304650,28886484,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,420 booty wizard,"Bought a house, had a kid, got killed by giant crab."
,Recommended,304650,34643931,Posted: 31 August,all,Shaka Brah,"Sunless maybe, ♥♥♥♥♥♥less no. I came to this."
,Recommended,304650,25331305,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,madsox11,I absolutely love this game! Its very challenging and beautiful
76561198009441806,Recommended,304650,34690878,Posted: 2 September,all,shirimasen871,"One of my favorite games of the last few years. Utterly unique in mechanics, story, and style. Weird in all the right ways!"
76561198024595944,Recommended,304650,34648832,Posted: 31 August,all,HE SUN THE SUN T,"I love this game and the Fallen London universe, so all i can say is: play this game if you like deep and interesting narratives in a creepy yet very alluring setting."
76561198186812151,Recommended,304650,24010354,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,clarkeveritas,"This game is just plain cool.  It is VERY text heavy... in fact I'd call it some kind of strange cross between a Rogue-Like, a Choose-Your-Own-Adventure Book, an RPG, and a cool sea-exploration game with more style and smarts than it knows what to do with.  I can see people bouncing off this game HARD.... but if you appreciate good writing and good storytelling you'll certainly find it here.... and in the form of a quite good game, too.I don't want to give away anything regarding the story.... but basically you are a sea-captain based at a port that happens to be underground.  As you sail this dark, underground sea you'll fight against other ships, crazy seamonsters, food shortages, dwindling fuel supplies, and your own sanity..... as apparently drifting on an endlessly black sea with no light takes a toll on one's mental health.  As you travel around you'll encounter all sorts of unusual situations, most of which have MANY different outcomes based on your own decisions and your character's stats.  The actual sailing is nicely done.... a variety of boats from what is essentially a bathtub to a massive dreadnaught... lots of different cargo, treasure to find, different weapons, crew members, lots of different people and things to fight on the not-so-high seas.  Another cool feature is that the world changes over time..... going to a given port on the 20th day might lead to drastically different events than going again on the 150th day.I cannot stress this enough though.... you need to enjoy good storytelling and reading large amounts of text to enjoy this game.  All of the other features of the game are very well done but the story is told through words with accompanying pictures and the story itself is the meat of the game.  A good test to see if you will enjoy Sunless Sea would be to go to their kind of ""older-sister"" project: Fallen London.  Just look it up and give it a whirl.... it's a choose-your-own-adventure style online virtual novel with heavy RPG influence... you earn money, level up your stats, go to different places and write your own tale in the city of Fallen London.  Oh, I neglected to mention that a massive amount of the game is free of charge and much of the rest can be played entirely with a certain currency earned in game.  It is quite British (which i personally enjoy) with smart, witty writing and some fun and sardonic twists..... but if you play it for a few days and find that you enjoy what you see: Sunless Sea is similiar enough to where you'll likely enjoy it as well.  I took the opposite route: buying Sunless Sea and THEN discovering Fallen London, but I rather think that enjoyment of either would naturally lead to curiousity of the other.I feel conflicted about not mentioning much of the meat of this game.... but this is truly an example of a game where the discovery of everything from the individual ports of call to the actual game mechanics is half the fun.  I've got to be up to nearing 70-80 hours at this point and I still have so many different things I wish to try on subsequent playthroughs..... so many places left to fully explore.  Especially at the recurring sale price of somewhere near $9.00 I'd definately say give this a go if you enjoy good writing and lots of it.  If you just read books with large pictures in them.... you might want to steer clear or perhaps give Fallen London a whirl first before spending any money here.  Certainly a one-of-a-kind experience that I wish there were more of available."
76561198017522231,Recommended,304650,26920730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ted,"Dark, rich, and absorbing, like a particularly large chocolate mousse."
76561198206358379,Recommended,304650,30283959,Posted: 2 March,all,cotcasek,its a long game wich if you dont know how to manige your money/ecos it can get even harder.
76561198003696041,Recommended,304650,24746571,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,pjonesdotca,Simply the best game I've ever played. At times terrifying and other moments quite tranquil.The zee has my heart.
76561198026456885,Recommended,304650,21378138,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,sdmaturin,"A total timesink. Hard to stop playing. I won, but there is at least another whole game left to discover."
76561198088752871,Recommended,304650,21413907,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Reggie the Griffon,Crew decides to munity after sailing off the map and going insane.I cut down all who opposd me.I alone live.Then out of nowhere a living mountian comes in for the killing blow.Bastered was working for my rebellious crew.10/10 would get eaten by a mountian again.
76561197982726178,Recommended,304650,14437724,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Xofek,"At times it is more of a choose your own adventure book than a game, but really interesting and fun and sometimes humorous."
76561198020144608,Recommended,304650,20253488,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Clark Kent,GG
76561197992171864,Recommended,304650,21267029,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Docsis,"I bought this game while it was in early access. It was already good then.I stopped playing for awhile (had too many other games I wanted to play... dang them Steam Sales!).A few days ago, I decided to start playing again, now that it is fully released.WOW! They have added TONS of stuff since I last played!All the various story lines are awesome! The atmosphere is excellent.The game play is very unique in my opinion. This game is worth every penny. I highly recommend it.Buy the game. Play the game. You won't regret it."
76561198085122367,Recommended,304650,13243464,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,kitdee_delta.1,"Ah, sunless sea. How many hours have I wasted wandering from shore to shore, hauling rocks for a living?This is a newer review, hence I would like to note early that the timed based system is now replaced with a real time attack system where most of it is sitting staring at the enemy and waiting for your cannons to equip. I would personally have prefered to have my cannons loaded and ready for fire, but such is the world of Sunless Sea. The game is very close to a horror game of a lonely little captain and the crew adriff in a vast and unforgiving ocean surrounded by monsters and being driven insane by the fact that even the very crewmate that mans the ships could simply be waiting for the right moment to rip off your face and assume your position as captain as the thing that now lives inside of your skin slowly chew away at your trusted officiers.I recomended this game out of personal enjoyment, but I feel it also necessary to warn you about the game. The nitpicks I have with the game is simple: the game has nearly no link between narrative and gameplay.What I mean by this is simple: you start off the game with what might as well be a bamboo raft for all the monsters and enemy ships in the game care. The world of Sunless Sea is beautifully rich in narrative, but following any threads of narratives is nearly impossible between trying not to be sunk by a brigade of crabs and trying to keep track of which islands have to be visited next, to the point where I arrive at islands at the end of the world having completely forgotten not only the story, but also what I wanted to do to get there in the first place.The world is expansive, the atmosphere is lovely, and the music can swing anywhere from the energetic sounds of cutlass clashing atop a ship's deck to the ballard with a lovely countess in a ballgown to the raspy and bonechilling sounds that seem to rake over your very bones. All of this is lost, however, because the narrative does not reward you nearly as much as menial tasks. I made more from a single trip of hauling stones than three journeys right across the edge of the world and all I did was run across a few pirates which were barely a challenge. Trying to pursue narrative in this game is like showing up to an attack dog show with strips of bacon tied to your scrotum to get 500 bucks of betting money from your best pal. Bold, yes, and even exciting, but it will quickly turn humiliating, unbearably painful, and at the end of it all you will only be missing something important. After the second week sitting in the hospital bed you'll start to wonder whether or not the 500 bucks and the hospital bill that your insurance company refuses to pay out was worth it all when you could make about the same amount after about a week of hard work without all of the ""peeing out of a tube for the rest of your miserable life"" business. And that is the same thing I felt after about my 5th death and retry. Oh, didn't I mention that before? If you ever happen to die anywhere in your journey of EXPLORING THE ENTIRE WORLD FULL OF THINGS THAT WANT YOU DEAD the game expects you to start over from the beginning. I'm not talking save scumming, I'm talking losing 5 hours of playtime because you miscalculated the amount of fuel you'll need because you didn't want the game dancing on top of your hold calling you a loser.Even after all of the rock hauling at which point I bought the largest and strongest ship in the game, the game still insisted on being annoying! After I got a boat that didn't cave into its own weight because it can't outrun a crab, the whole survival horror aspect of the game vanished because the new boat I got could ram into a living iceburg around fifty times without sinking and after it all, the one that would be ripped to shreads, broken into two, and sunk to the bottom of the cold sea would be the iceburg and not me! The cold lonelyness vanished because even the bloodless roars of all of all of the sea monsters could not make me feel fear when I'm sitting behind an arsenal that could singlehandedly sink the entire British navy and the entirety of Britain along with it!So you may be wondering why, despite all of my compalints, I am still recomending this game. It's quite simply because its a damn good game!The narrative, though poorly implemented, is beautifully savory. The game is beautiful as I have said and shall continue to repeat. This game is simply a gem that the souless tripple A gaming industry has become after pumping the thriteen thousanth brownish FPS shooter out of a cootch that is so overused and dried that it could be replaced by a mound of sand from the Saharan desert and, and let's be fair here, it will probably still feel fresher! Sunless sea may not have started in a good place, but I could not see a place where corners have been cut. It is a game that shows that the creators poured their sweat and heart into making their creation as good as can be even when it would have been cheaper to have gone half way and none of us would be wiser. Its clunky mechanics and ricketty conceptualization may be far from a flawless ore, but the effort and time that must have went into polishing it from there has made this game shine brighter in my eyes than any overpriced military game that has come out of the tripple A in the recent years. And for that, I'll say that they deserve your attention."
,Recommended,304650,14420825,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lil' Sassy,I generally don't care enough to write a review for any games but Sunless Sea is definitely underrated and deserves at least a thumbs up. I've played way too many games over the past year and in terms of gameplay and story Sunless Sea stands above most of them. I just can't recommend this game enough to people who enjoy an immersive world with a well written story.
,Recommended,304650,15151928,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Fion,"A spectacular game of daring sea captains who you control one after another, getting swallowed up by the sea. One gets killed by Pirates while another gets killed by a giant shark. Another gets killed by cannibals while the next one dies from an engine blast. Then the next one commits suicide. While the next sacrifices his whole crew to a sea god to heal himself to just get eaten up by a giant sea-crab.My first ever captain was a philosopher wanting to write a book about the sea under the earth. Gets trapped next to an island from using all the fuel they could find on the steamer and then end up eating all their food. Suddenly a ship appears and we go full cannons on it to be fired back on and sunk in an instant not knowing it was a bunch of pirates and their ship was bigger and better....Next captain was a veteran from the old war and made a crew of sturdy men and woman. Not to mention the first mate of the last ship made it back to London and signed back on. Off we went and were doing a good job when all of a sudden fuel was running low. Using all the supplies we had we ended up getting stranded right outside the port of London. No one helped us. We were hungry. And the captain pleaded for anyone to help us even the seas gods themselves who he didn't believe in. All of a sudden the ship vanishes and appears far off to nowhere at a castle of a tentacle god. Tentacles reaching out of the castle the crew goes nuts crazy and the captain starts pushing off his own crew into the sea trying to sacrifice them to the creature. Maybe it will give them fuel or food. Anything to get away. The captain starts stabbing himself and killing his fellow crew to the last man but the tentacle giant barely did anything. Just watched as they killed themselves off one by one and the captain dies of his own wounds. Everyone is now dead. No one hears from them again.The next captain does an amazing job even though he used to be a poet. He gets a house, a wife, a child. Lots of money! Lots of good working crew! Lots of rat people who become his best friends and help work on the ship! Everythings going great! Hes honest and does his contracts, his deliveries, and helps people when he can! And this is the captain I am at right now and hes been alive for over one year in game and most of his crew intact.The best part? I'm on the hardest difficulty. No saving. No reloading. Every choice you make is final. Which what the game should be! But thats just me! It makes you stand on edge and everything you do has the biggest impact you can think of. Not to mention the game is freaky as hell and actually is scary. The monsters in this game..... Are huge and this game is about surviving the sea not a shootem up RPG. You will get screwed up and your people will die. Your ship will get sunk and you have to live with it because you shouldn't of called that giant creature with bait that you threw over board. It was all your fault sir. All your fault! Oh and timmy jumped overboard and got eaten by that thing. He said he was home? I think he went crazy captain...Everything you do impacts what happens even with your next captain. They have to live with what the last captain did. Everything you do changes the sea, the people, everything. Its up to you what happens and what you do with your crew."
,Recommended,304650,16400383,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[RGG] Hour25,Do you walk through caves with nary a Repel because bring them zoobats on? Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,304650,17106506,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,GalaxyPoo,"Давненько я не брал карандаш и тетрадь в руки, чтобы что-то записать..SAIL AHEAD!"
76561198005844018,Recommended,304650,34589722,Posted: 29 August,all,«grumpy» nato,"Set sail, lost seven crew during a pirate knife fight, attempted to return home, was intercepted by a gunboat, in the chase managed to blow up my engines burning my one remaining crew member causing me to die alone in the dark cold zee....10/10 would (and have) died many times more"
76561198007070190,Recommended,304650,14409591,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,The Halcyon Age,Made me rationalize cannabilism
76561198085759774,Recommended,304650,22574820,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FlaviusBelisarius,"If you like slower paced, narrative driven story, exploration centered games then this one is for you. Combat is certainly not the focus, so if that's what you're after I'd pass it up. Otherwise, fantastic game.  8/10"
76561198008107153,Recommended,304650,30019700,Posted: 18 February,all,snoclown,"I haven't finished the game but it can be fun if you don't mind roguelike types of game, aka permadeath. It wasn't until my fourth Captain that I have been able to make much headway. Take into account that I'm avoiding reading any guides and winging it.You can save scum but I haven't at this time. I'm bet that disables achievements. Since I'm avoiding guides and such I haven't verfied this. :)Regarding repetition: mentioned in many other reviews. Yes but mainly because it is a roguelike. You can inherit some things from your prior character. You choose what from a list. I always choose the chart/map. I'm still trying to figure out how to make the currency Echoes, so I haven't seen how bad the repitition can be. If there is even a way to do a trade route to build up Echoes.Regarding the Journal: it doesn't record every little thing you do but it keeps you oriented from session to session. You put that together with the map and it's decent enough.The quality of the game is pretty good. Seems like they will keep adding to it. May update this review later if I remember."
76561198315626015,Recommended,304650,34996782,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Fun game, very challenging, very slow."
76561198023020777,Recommended,304650,14355330,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,THE CAKE MAKER,"This game puts other sailing games to shame,my only complain is that there is not logbook where it says what each city you visited is buying and selling so you got to actually remenber that if you plan on trading. It also has far more interesting NPCs in it than most big AAA RPGs."
76561198068164491,Recommended,304650,28696191,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tinfoil,10/10 would die again.
76561198126277117,Recommended,304650,14460200,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Good Ol' Papaloe,"Great game, im so good i can die at any moment."
,Not Recommended,304650,14708482,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Robodog_SA,"This is a warning before it's too late for all of you.Don't buy this game.The premise sounds good and you hear the writing is fantastic.But the disjointed plots, dull gameplay, and utterly futile progression mechanics makes any attempt to enjoy this game destined to fail.Save yourself some hours of being mad at how slow♥♥♥♥♥♥is in this game and how little money you get and don't buy it."
76561197985502787,Not Recommended,304650,11059065,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Turgutten,"I was really interested in the artwork and the concept, but being more of a Sid Meyers Pirates fan i was very disappointed about the bad combat minigame. I only tried a few battles before i knew this was not the game for me. Such a shame, because the main game looks to have great potential!"
76561198049279562,Not Recommended,304650,23721217,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lionheart,"What i expected when i bought the game: an slow game, focussed on a very good story and atmosphere.what the game really is: A Very slow game. the story inst really interesting at all, especially because when you die, you have to make the same route again and again, seeing the same stories and events. Of course you can change to merciful mode, to prevent this, but the game is meant to played in the hard mode, so is meant to be very boring. The game is not a complete waste of money, but i would never recommend it for anyone.*sorry about my english."
,Recommended,304650,14412230,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Shevzor,Great experience. Even greater if you are familiar with H.P Lovecraft's  world. I strongly recommend this.
,Not Recommended,304650,23669300,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,TARS,"Although the writing in the game is solid, the atmosphere that comes about from the tone, music and graphic more spot on that can be imagined the game just did not manage to hook me. This was mostly due to the punishing game play where it take a substantial amount of effort to simply make money in game where upgrading your ship and equipment is actually more of a hindrance to a boon to you which is pretty hilarious twist in my opinion. But seriously, the game play is shallow and despite the story being immense its so difficult to unlock it to the punishing economic system in the game it simply becomes tedious to play the game.You can find the full review over here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2016/06/sunless-sea.html?view=magazine."
76561198095894233,Not Recommended,304650,11066632,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Spectacle,All real-time ship movement and combat (which is at present extremely tedious) needs to move about 2-3x as fast. I would strongly encourage the devs to make changes to quicken the pace of these two aspect of the game as they drag down what is otherwise a fun experience. I cannot recommend pending these (or some such) modifications.
76561198055428774,Not Recommended,304650,26233334,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nibbles,"This is probably going to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off but I don't like this game. It seems to like the idea of throwing you headlong into a confusing and disorientating situation and then wait for you to die over and over till you get everything right. Which frankly, is done way better by many other games. I dunno, try FTL and if that isn't enough, mod it. And if that isn't enough pretentiousness for you, try this game.. for half an hour then return it."
76561198034826075,Not Recommended,304650,33550067,Posted: 14 July,all,rwe19,"Take this for what it's worth, but I just can't get excited about a game where you have to grind out the same thing over and over.  Then die, and start grinding again.  I also couldn't get invested in the minimalist storyline.  I'm glad I bought this on sale and didn't lose that much money over a dull game."
76561197991353618,Recommended,304650,20286031,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Grizzledorf,such a great game. maybe eventually i will edit this into being a detailed review but for now thats pretty much all i got to say other than I'm a huge mount and blade warband fan as well.  the sandbox and opened feel of the game remind me of mount and blade in ways.
76561197984673687,Recommended,304650,24704861,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,quezte,Zailed the zee. Died. Would zail again.
76561197996085041,Recommended,304650,20873304,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Edward Elric,"This review is based off the free weekend they just had for the game, and I must say I found the game absolutely amazing. I had no idea what to expect. I read reviews, watched videos, saw the screen shots, looked up some beginner guides, and it still wasn't a game I was totally familiar with. I didn't jump into when I first downloaded the game. After a while I noticed the timer get close to 1 day, so felt like I needed to give it a try. People said it was hard in the beginning, you couldn't make money, a lot of grinding, can't kill anything yada yada. I could get that if you just jumped in thinking you had this game by the balls or something like CoD, but from me jumping into it and having a little bit of pre knowledge found it very entertaining. I knew not to fight monsters in the beginning ship, which is true you should avoid them, I did kill the crabs/pirates with 20hp though, 2-3 shots I forgot, and ships are very easy to out maneuver and get behind them. The economy is so easy also, just explore. They reward you for exploring everything. Yes, you should do the repeat intelligence missions from the one guy in Fallen London for the repeat 150 echo and vouchers for free fuel. I have 3 hrs. played, still only on the first boat with a poet starting character. I have 2,000 echo, 30 fuels, 8 supplies, and 2 wines that is a full cargo. I have over 25% of my map explored, and I'm about to take another 1-2 hours trip out to sea. I have never got caught smuggling because I read the quests and know when I have to go back to London and if I will have any un-wanted goods on board. I want to mention the biggest aspect I feel of this game too, the reading. I never found myself a big reader, I do not mind typing up ten pages, but not a big reader. This games music, tone, and overall unique play style to me made me instantly a fan. I would hope anyone who Zees this on free weekend would give it a try defiantly worth forming your own opinion about the game."
76561198125904040,Not Recommended,304650,11130511,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SomeHomo,"It's an interesting game but dispite this being advertised as a ""late beta"", it seems like the game has a long way still to go. Sure, it may seem finished, but the game is lacking that enjoyability factor. I would personally wait if I could do it all over again as the game is not worth more than $5 or $8 in its current state.I really can't think of any pro to the game at this point other than it's slightly different but not unique.The cons however are that the game is just not fun at the moment, like others have said.I will give it another try in a month or so when new patches come out and I'll rework my review as the game progresses."
,Not Recommended,304650,11110526,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Brendle,"This game looks pretty, the idea is nice, but it sucks. Even though it's an early release nothing that they could possibly do (other than make the game 100x easier) could make this worthwhile. Maybe for 2$ this would be worth it, but it certainly for me (and most people I think) isn't worth spending more than that on. I can't physically cross the ocean from New London to some objectives without my terror getting high enough for a mutiny, and then it's game over. All the neat stuff you can do like buying a house, writing a will, upgrading ANYTHING costs way more money than is available in the game with a reasnoble play style. Also the ""real time combat"" is not real time, it seems more like a game of Magic The Gathering poorly laid and planned out than actual combat. I wasted alot of my life playing this over the last week, and I am really dissatisfied. Please don't be a sucker like me and buy this because it looks pretty. If I could give my copy of this game away I would - I wish it could be removed from my games list so I don't have to think about how much of a waste of my life this was. Yuck Yuck Yuck."
76561198048562492,Recommended,304650,16370219,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Snowflake,THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN
,Recommended,304650,11009711,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,nightpool,"This is literally the BEST game ever. I've been waiting for like 6 months and its finally here! The writing, the art, all of it is sublime.Note: this is an early access game. Those of a more delicate disposition might do better to wait until the release this fall."
76561197998622318,Not Recommended,304650,33939156,Posted: 31 July,all,Emperor Pigmetheus Porklyn,"The game can be fun if you can stomache the absolutely ridiculous amount of time it takes to do anything interesting.I don't think I can actually recommend this game because of that.I like the game well enough, but I don't think anyone else should have to put up with this."
76561198042690283,Not Recommended,304650,29096570,Posted: 7 January,all,kangaraffe,Seriously struggled with this. Maybe it's just too slow. Too much text. Not sure what the challenge really was. So slow I gave up caring. I don't know who I would recommend this to either.
,Not Recommended,304650,30050190,Posted: 19 February,all,Amos,"Tried it didn't like it graphics were ok, movement seemed ok music was great gamplay not for me"
76561198058467444,Not Recommended,304650,30000261,Posted: 17 February,all,Mordred the Goat,"You creep slowly around a map, painfully so, without any idea where to go.  The map changes whenever you die so if and when you die you have to waste so much time creeping around the map again hoping you stumble on the place you're supposed to go to.  The chances of having any money to buy supplies if you stumble upon a harbor is low.  If you don't buy supplies you starve or run out of fuel.  Even after all of that, you get your hopes up someday you might be able to upgrade your ship.  Just when you think you're getting somewhere you get sunk by a swimming mountain that attacks you from half way across the map.  Then you have to start completely over and do the same exact tedious things again.  Slowly creep around a map, not knowing where to go.  Why did I waste my time on this?"
,Not Recommended,304650,29656947,Posted: 2 February,all,Vayne,Too much grind. Takes the fun of the game.
,Recommended,304650,34857657,Posted: 10 September,all,Darkmatter,HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN TGreat game.
,Not Recommended,304650,22947771,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Drew Austin,"This game has potential to be a great game, but is missing some crutial elements. The UI is primitive and a paint to navigate at times. The quest tracking system is the worst, not listing open quests, just a random note about it but no details of location, required items, etc. Often times, it is not clear whether something is required to meet a threshold to unlock something, or if something is required to be spent (meaning you lose the items). The dialog and writing is often lacking, feeling like they were written by someone not fully fluent in english."
76561198008256431,Not Recommended,304650,15204532,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Seraphiel,"A resounding ""meh"" on all fronts. I was expecting atmospheric Lovecraftian horror instead I received Herman Melville-esque tedium."
76561198002904503,Not Recommended,304650,22715871,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Soup,"I tried so hard to love this game and for awhile I was all in. The gameplay is just too slow and clunky, the interesting world and writing don't quite make up for it."
76561198067783968,Recommended,304650,29975947,Posted: 16 February,all,Ornysis,Is good
,Recommended,304650,25990322,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Omicron,Meditative. Rogue-like. Nice story and world.
76561198042813347,Recommended,304650,25640363,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Akninirith,"There are many games that take storytelling seriously; of these, a considerable number explore the tools that make games unique storytelling tools. The primarily text-based Sunless Sea, in the same vein as Failbetter Games' similarly ludicrously literate MMORPG ""Fallen London"", needs to be placed in a class all its own. This is not for its animation or sprite/model work, though the game's atmosphere is haunting and beautiful; nor is it for audio design, though the sounds of braces of cannon firing in a massive underground cavern take on a weird headiness when they are aimed at ship-sized iceberg creatures intent on swallowing one whole.Instead, Sunless Sea is first and foremost a storybook in which the player decides the direction of pivotal moments. This storybook tells a tale of loneliness, survival in a callous and alien demesne, and political wrestling that runs the gamut from deals with supernatural near-deities to decisions sealing the leadership of beleaguered satellite civilizations. It is a tale that takes place in a realm where sunlight is unknown, with all that implies, and where one must scrape together a living at the expense of one's own blood.Know that combat is almost universally unpleasant, diplomacy is nigh-untenable when it is not detrimental, and creating a legacy for successors to come is usually thankless and painful. This world is filled with horrors and perils, and the journey through the Sunless Sea is hard, but it is terribly worthwhile. It is an example of ""exploration"" that has certain similarities with other games that draw upon the idea of an expedition into the unknown, but which focuses its energies around a journey taken by the mind into a world fleshed out so that simple images of it become largely superfluous.The overused aphorism of a picture being worth a thousand words has considerable merit in most cases. Sunless Sea proves itself one of the best yarn-spinning games period by making its thousands and thousands of sentences each average at the worth of an entire film."
,Recommended,304650,30022981,Posted: 18 February,all,いいじゃない,GG!  It's better if you have any Chinese.
,Recommended,304650,14396430,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Grasshand,Great game play!
76561197966743151,Not Recommended,304650,14508242,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BettyFrancis,"This game is not fun.You are a captain of an extremely slow boat that has one gun. The combat consist of clicking one button when its cooldown is up. You will ferry cargo from one port to another. For the first few hours the world is intriguing enough that you don't mind the excruciating slowness of your move-speed, or the fact that the world will kill you and force you to restart from scratch due to an enemy that suddenly kills you in two hits.All of the delightfully weird story text is gated behind various resource requirements. The resources take forever to acquire. The whole game design feels like a free-to-play grindfest.Is the story text amazing enough to grind through hours of tedious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? No.There's not much of a throughline plot from what I could tell and there's not much in the way of characters. It's mostly just world building and atmosphere. And what good is that when it's hidden behind bad game design?"
76561198041238959,Recommended,304650,11062961,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Kessel Run,"Wow. Lovecraftian, well paced, ambient. Totally immersive and enthralling."
76561198007094334,Recommended,304650,11136348,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,zerosasquatch,"Great game just read some faqs if it overwhelms you, very addicting game!!!!!!"
76561197961129721,Not Recommended,304650,26086926,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mad Gary,"Four hours in and I finally died for the first time, because I guess losing all of my crew on a dice roll is a thing.  I really can't stomach starting all over again, watching that tiny, slow ship sail across nothingness in what ends up as a pure grind with boring combat (which I get is not the focus of the game, though that does not make it any less boring).  It seems the majority of my time is scuttling home to gather some more scraps of fuel and supplies to go all the way back out to where I was to continue.As many say, the art style is interesting and story/lore satisfyingly bizarre.  But there's much better ways to get your fill of this kind of setting.  Wouldn't bother unless on sale, which luckily for me it was.Oh, the achievements also don't seem to work."
,Not Recommended,304650,26093801,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Skaarfist,Right now I sadly have to ask everyone to avoid this product like the plague. I only got to play 2 hours of it before a game breaking game has shut me out of any interaction witht he world. I can't even die. $20 and the game is done after my first adventure.
,Recommended,304650,30053664,Posted: 20 February,all,Howtoeatpineapples,10/10 story writing probably one of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,304650,26008041,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,flynn,"Sunless Sea is everything I adore about Fallen London, and I have played enough hours of it that my rusty little junker feels like a second home. It really is an experience you have to meet halfway: lose yourself (not your mind), bring more supplies than you need (they'll fight back don't try it), and expect to dieoften. It won't always be your fault."
,Recommended,304650,29599344,Posted: 30 January,all,Drakxis,Brilliant gameplay with many diverse paths to choose from. For those who enjoy slower exploration-based games with deep ambiance (partly due to the beautifully crafted soundtrack) with choices directly affecting the outcome of the story.
,Recommended,304650,29653506,Posted: 2 February,all,Palpz,"Can't speak to the DLC, but I quite liked the base game. Or, I did when I purchased it; my understanding is that there's been quite a number of updates since, I haven't gotten a chance to replay the game since then.It does a very good job of invoking gradually rising dread, as you plod along in your little ship desperately trying to get from port to port, all the while hoping to stave off insanity, and hope that you don't run out of fuel or need to eat your crew because you're out of food.All of the plot happens in various ports. Interactions in the port all all text-based branching choices, with many of them having varying probabilities of success depending upon your various stats.Between ports, you've got your boat, some weapons, etc. Sometimes, often times, running away from the enemy is the best option. You certainly don't start out as a power house, although you can upgrade ships, weapons, etc.It's rather enjoyable. The storylines are all quite interesting.One thing it definitely is not, however, is fast paced."
,Recommended,304650,29609531,Posted: 31 January,all,TiTz-Up ✶HardA✶,What great atmospheric little game ...
76561198008947097,Recommended,304650,11269465,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,John the Terrible,"Seems like fun, but why on earth they chose the combat mechanic they did is beyond me. Real time combat would've been much more fun."
,Recommended,304650,29820172,Posted: 10 February,all,CommandoBall,.
76561198162982537,Not Recommended,304650,21655095,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,303.rick,this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. it could only be worse if it was a microsoft game
76561198037638803,Not Recommended,304650,34202754,Posted: 12 August,all,Valgor,"Too meditative and too complex in names of resourses.Uncomfortable in following quests by journal. Sometimes you have to use wiki to follow where to go and what to bring.Quite easy combat system, in a bad way. All you have to do - is coming close to enemy ship and staing at the rear. Otherwise - it's exchange of shots.But the most frustrating thing in game - a lot strangely named resourses with twisted exchange routes. And you have to remember or write them to play. And grind... too much of the same again and again. Same routes, same enemies, over and over.Atmosperic, balanced, but slow and too complex wirh resourses.Bad game."
,Not Recommended,304650,18270702,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Freesider,Seems really interesting but the small font and overall sluggishness of the HUD makes me sick when playing for more than 20 minutes. It is very hard to read even on small resolutions because then the fonts become blurred.Another really irritating thing: Whenever I need to scroll down the text I need to press and scroll a 2 pixel wide scrollbar next to the story. Consider this on a game that is all about reading and it gets frustrating really fast.It is a nice game if you can put up with the mingraines.
,Not Recommended,304650,28896017,Posted: 1 January,all,Business Burd,"I am spooked: the game.I got lured in by the gigantic, horrendous monsters. Instead i got slowly chugging along the ocean, sorry Underzee, trying to scrounge together enough cash to afford a faster engine so i can chug along slightly faster to do it all over again.Actually i lied, i encountered some crabs while trying to make my way to the Basalt Statues. I survived the first then clipped the side of an island by half a gnats *ss and died. Which because of the nature of this game means ALL work you have; crew, engine, gun, vessel, traits, and map die and can never be recovered. It does have a rather unique mechanic of choosing your relation to the last captain and scrounging one measly thing from him or her. And i know you can get a will that maybe possibly lets you keep all of it, but it's so prohibitively expensive i never even hoped to have one.I woudl've refunded this mess but i made the mistake of saying ""maybe with my new knowledge i won't get blindsided by ridiculously strong bats and crabs"" one too many times and no longer qualify."
,Recommended,304650,28238186,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Would read again.
76561198060810046,Not Recommended,304650,30064454,Posted: 20 February,all,El Rey,"tl;dr — Text-based story (think FTL), slow-burn, requires patience. Good game. Bad Price. Buy only at a significant discount.As a fan of Echo Bazaar/Fallen London, I enjoyed the premise of the game. However, it's precisely because that other game exists that I can't recommend this one. Too much of the experience is already available for free to merit spending $20 or $30 on this game.Pros:· Lore-heavy — (if you enjoy that), but not stifling to the point where you need to be immersed in the lore to enjoy gameplay (for the rest of us)· Explore the world of Fallen London in a familiar format — In other words, go play Fallen London first. It's free. If you like it, then consider this.· Genuinely harrowing sea-monster encounters — A different person might call them unfair, but as you see from this list...· Brutal survival mechanics — I'm a fan of the genre, and enjoy the challenge, but it takes a certain amount of patience.· Optional permadeath/save mechanic — Sometimes there are honest mistakes you want to undo. Moving on from one captain to the next is an important in-game mechanic, though.Cons:· Extremely slow start — I didn't feel like I was making any progress until my fourth captain.· No clear direction — Without an online guide, it's nearly impossible to tell what is and is not profitable until you do it.· RNG-heavy — Much of your success is based on the encounters you have at different ports. Skill and planning are important, but nothing beats luck for a good start.· Lore-saturated — While I said above that the lore did a lot for world-building and is not strictly necessary to enjoy the gameplay, the lore is still incredibly dense and is rarely explained plainly. You are expected to fumble about until you start to understand things.For future reference, as of this review, the prices are $18.99 for Sunless Sea, and $29.98 for a bundle with Zubmariner. Zubmariner on its own is $10.99"
76561198084114830,Not Recommended,304650,14000394,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,rannien,Huge dissapointment.
76561198058043953,Not Recommended,304650,14442951,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,kandnm115709,"Ugh, someone recommended me this game and after playing it for a few hours, I realized that while this game got an interesting concept, it's not a game for me. The major complaint I have with this game is just that your ship moves SO SLOW. Not to mention, you need fuel and supplies to keep moving but they cost way too much and money is really hard to earn in this game.Maybe I suck at this game but no way I'm recommending this game to anyone."
,Recommended,304650,16364022,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Captian_Vlad,"Great game, little twisted but no one said that was a bad thing"
76561198103026246,Recommended,304650,15832280,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,PrinnyParis,I bravely sailed from london and died to a damn jellyfish. i need to try again.
,Not Recommended,304650,14429954,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Villenny,Horrifically grindy. Fun and story is rare. Yuck.
,Recommended,304650,14507456,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cheesecake,"I named my ship The Titanic because she is unsinkable, then fought off a living iceberg with a cannon that fires demon souls.10/10 This game would get Leo an Oscar."
,Recommended,304650,21937656,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zeno$yne;,666666666666666
,Not Recommended,304650,20193779,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Apathy,"A very interesting game set to gothic Lovecraft, horribly offset by inconsistent game mechanics.Sunless Sea is an amazingly done game, but, frankly, it aims too quickly to gut your adventure based on random events than it does punish you for legit mistakes.The game rewards you little for all your effort spent, and tears your throat out if you happen to be standing/sailing in the wrong place or the wrong time.  It feels very ""One step forward, two steps back.""Which is a shame, because I really enjoyed this game for the first few hours. The Lovecraft themes (but where the ♥♥♥♥ is Chtulhu?), the depth of the game, the design. All great.  But it never lets you enjoy any of these aspects.This isn't sour grapes. I love a good and challenging game, Dark Souls 1-2, and many hours of Hardcore (permadeath) Diablo 3 sit under my belt.  Many other ""hard"" games as well. But this isn't hard. This is cheap, and unrewarding.Such a shame."
76561198059327649,Recommended,304650,16369865,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dfskle,10/10 would starve to death again
76561198164053008,Recommended,304650,15704295,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kvural,"Sunless Sea is a trade and exploration game set in an underground ocean environment chiefly inspired by the works of H.P. Lovecraft, with a dash of Neil Gaiman and perhaps a touch of Hinchcliffe-era Doctor Who? Not sure about that last one. In any case, it's dark, funny, macabre, sometimes touching and never less than atmospheric. It's also, depending on your taste, slow, frustrating, and a bit light on content. But I'll get into that later.The good first. Sunless Sea is primarily an exercise in atmosphere and imagination, and on those terms it's very well built. The game encourages you to avoid straight combat and stay illuminated or close to land at all times, forcing you to weigh consuming more fuel with a roundabout route against trips into dark waters that will slowly drive you and your crew insane. The result is a well-defined sailing environment which is easy to comprehend but never friendly. The imagination is lovely, too: settlements built into the carcasses of leviathans, an island of alcholic monks, an economy which thrives on storytelling and rumor. You get to hunt terrifying sea monsters, learn forbidden secrets, conduct espionage between Londoners and underground Mongols...It's great stuff, and what's best about it is that it duplicates the Lovecraftian trick of making the universe utterly indifferent to you. You're not the Chosen One, you're not the revealer of all things or the savior of worlds. You're just a captain with a boat and a dream, and fate - or whatever force governs it - could crush you like a bug without noticing.All of this is sweet and awesome and correct and I'll be playing this game for a long while. But there are, inevitably with a game this complex, some issues.The first hurdle is speed. You can never sail at anything faster than what feels like a snail's pace. The reason for this probably has something to do with preventing the player from discovering too much of the game world too quickly, but while it's undoubtedly a relaxing experience there's just large segments of playtime when I'm not really engaging with the game. The process of uncovering the map early in a playthrough compensates for this, but once you're no longer a beginner it really starts to grate.The sailing speeds feel like they hit just the right spot of too uninvolving to be rewarding and yet too involving to let you, for instance, pop into the kitchen and get a snack. This is why fast-travel systems were invented, people. Still, a fast-travel system would hardly be fair in a game so heavily dependent on immersing yourself in the actual business of sailing. I might recommend something like a waypoint system, letting you predetermine a path that you can set your ship to automatically follow - but that risks cutting the player out completely rather than simply weakening engagement, so what do I know.I'm not entirely certain I like the text interface, either. Once you're used to it it's not that hard to navigate, but a beginning player especially is going to look at their journal and see a whole bunch of icons with meanings utterly mysterious to them. Discovering gameplay as you go is all well and good but for a long time I was essentially making decisions at random, which felt more frustrating than rewarding.The book item that explains things is all well and good, except I'm not sure it's wise to put a beginning player through the process of pausing, finding their way to their inventory, picking out the book, finding the particular passage, et cetera et cetera. For use as a reference or a reminder on certain topics, yes, but I feel like I shouldn't have to basically stop playing to find out how to play for the first time.The game economy is lovely and intricate, though occasionally it feels like there are gaps. That basically anything can be traded in the right venue - even ""experience points"", news, stories and memories - is pretty friggin' sweet. As a player you aren't just a sailor scrounging for bigger numbers of things - you're a witty raconteur, a spymaster, and a scholar of terrifying secrets. The trade really is the story. That's kind of brilliant.Making the trade system work for you, on the other hand, is kind of difficult. Of course there's an intentional element of trial and error to be had here, but I do get the distinct feeling that there isn't enough variation in demand for different commodities to allow a player to figure out more than three trade routes (and at least two of those take advantage of the fact that parts of the map don't change in subsequent playthroughs). There are a couple of conspicuous dead ends where content was cut (e.g. the Antiquarian thing, which apparently doesn't go anywhere), which makes me think the developers are still getting a handle on the dizzying complexity of the economy and environment they built. No bad thing in a fairly ambitious indie project, but you can see the seams on occasion.I suspect the game's main flaw is that its world is just a bit too small. Reshuffling parts works with a roguelike structure, but the fact that you can quit the game and keep going where you left off means that there are going to be playthroughs which succeed for hours upon hours - perhaps indefinitely - and content and sailing will inevitably start to get repetitive and - dare I say it - grindy. A bigger world would allow for faster sailing that wasn't overpowered, as well as more room for interesting strategy in setting up trade routes.Overall, though, this is still a remarkably fun and intriguing game - if I wrote more about the negatives than the positives, it's simply because it's so damn hard to speak for gameplay that speaks for itself, and so much easier to spot flaws than triumphs (otherwise we'd all be master artisans, wouldn't we?). Point is, I'm looking forward to discovering more of Sunless Sea and what the developers plan on doing with it.Highly recommended."
76561197978042216,Not Recommended,304650,16079763,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,showdiggity,"I wish I could return this game.  I spent my first run of the game doing a lot of exploring and I thought I was moderately successful.  I brought my highest stat to the next game and found that I was rewarded 3 points for all that effort, that is all I carried forward.I don't want to run to the khans again for 200 echos, so slow.  Skip it please."
76561198025430305,Recommended,304650,25719132,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Bricriu,"I cannot begin to praise the simple elegance of this game enough. With the news of a sequel on the horizon, I urge new-comers to the franchise to give it a try."
,Recommended,304650,25734789,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tan McCan,Amazing story.
,Not Recommended,304650,16408586,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"The majority of this game's value is in its aesthetics.  The sound design here is stellar - the music and sound effects are perfectly matched to the game's theme.  The art is solid, though it's really held back by the rather primitive / unpolished interface.  The unfortunate part of this game is that the gameplay really doesn't pan out.  It's very exciting on the first play through, but as you get to your third and fourth run, and you realize that the world doesn't really change, a sadness creeps into your heart and you feel betrayed.  A world whose intrigue is based on the unknown and mystery suddenly feels small and simple.  And that just breaks the whole thing.Worth playing perhaps, but I don't think I can recommend it."
76561198041147516,Recommended,304650,14714581,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Skelefolk,THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN
76561198091612253,Recommended,304650,24764704,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Chasp,"The Sea has never been friendly to man, it has at most been the accomplice to Human restlessness.Joseph ConradThe Zee won't be any nicer, I can tell you that for sure, this game is an unforgiving one, that's for sure.Incredibly atmospheric, the writing is fantastic, but there is an almighty amount, this game requires patience to fully experience.But this game is much like FTL, except no-one is chasing you, most of the time anyway, so you can explore and voyage to your heart's content, if you liked FTL, fill your boots with this one, you'll love it."
76561198236529646,Recommended,304650,22635193,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SwellDritch,Hella Dope11/10~Best Game
,Not Recommended,304650,17192743,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,wattro,"I'm turned off by the intro.  The way information is presented up front, I was just reading some kind of book.  You need to unveil features in an inviting and engaging way.  I realize the game probably isn't for me, but I just felt like you lost me immediately."
76561198081459568,Not Recommended,304650,29026490,Posted: 4 January,all,Germany's Master Chef,"It's a very slow, boring, and bland game. It doesn't even explain it's mechanics to you"
,Recommended,304650,14188208,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,MaBep,"Great indie project. Text quests, random events, survival, exploration...Updates very often by now."
76561198030887751,Recommended,304650,29882688,Posted: 12 February,all,Agresivo,Good atmosphere
,Recommended,304650,17054354,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Karma,"Love this game, haters downvote ;)So most of the negative reviews are of their not being enough content, yet their is still content being added?Alright then."
,Recommended,304650,14394403,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Splendid Isolation,l
,Recommended,304650,29969251,Posted: 16 February,all,Holocaust,"Fun little casual, pick-up-and-play game that later evolves into a much longer epic quest and journey. It starts off slow and the early game is grueling and punishing, but once you can establish a few trade routes and learn the mechanics of resource management, you have little to fear on the zee.The endgame can last a long time depending on the goal you picked when you create your character, and that can turn into a grinding slog. But even then, the game is still enjoyable as you become an unstoppable force in the Unterzee. There's a lot to unpack and unlock in this game, but most of it is reserved only for the most hardcore of zailors. Don't worry if you don't collect everything or play out every story because there's a lot of replayability in the game because the map randomizes with each new character provided you don't pick the legacy that prevents this.Worth the price."
,Recommended,304650,29906153,Posted: 13 February,all,Alkove,"Words can't describe how I love coming home and opening this game, going on new journeys through the under Zee and finding more stories.6 captains have perished, I hope the 7th does better."
,Not Recommended,304650,16590315,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Broq,"Maybe I was expecting too much at the begining... what a disappointment... the story was poorly written, the UI was awfull, and the combat fell dull 4/10"
76561197994702478,Recommended,304650,30057578,Posted: 20 February,all,Maccros,A very refreshing game. Nice narrative and originality. The atmosphere is also very captivating and you soon get the feel that you are really travelling in an underground ocean.Only cons: I wish I didn't have to start revealing all the map anew after each death.Final comment: You will probably spend too many hours in this!
,Recommended,304650,32899260,Posted: 27 June,all,Augustives,Sepo de madeira.
,Recommended,304650,11161834,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DUSTED,"Very captivating, very challenging. Sunless sea is a dark adventure that will test your skills and your sanity. A mix of FTL and Anno, you will be sailing around a dark sea exploring new ports, passing on news to isolated islands, and trading goods to make a profit for your home back in Fallen London. You will upgrade your ship and take on officers and crew, but keep them fed and out of the dark, or they might get snatched by a giant sea creature, or turn on you in a muntany.The game is in early access, it it fully playable, but some quests are locked until future updates add more content."
76561198005351539,Recommended,304650,14373254,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,sneakygriff,My weird cat scared away a bunch of angry pirates! 10/10
,Recommended,304650,14292815,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Arstotzkan Border Patrol,I Drove my ship off the edge of the world and ended up in Space.10/10
,Recommended,304650,19039809,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Left-Handed_Lovecraft,"This game is poetry. Well, to be completely literal, it is in fact prose. The descriptions are vivid, the details of the world are kept vague enough to be interesting with the gradual reveal of just how weird it really is to be sailing - sorry, zailing - underground."
76561198127061030,Recommended,304650,30060036,Posted: 20 February,all,KUMAMHEE,good
76561198017077827,Recommended,304650,14438382,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ghrim,Sid Meyer's Pirates meets a choose-your-own-adventure book.  and its a good book
76561198065977651,Recommended,304650,14360684,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Trashcan Buddha,"If you can buy into the premise of this game, you will love it. It is almost entirely text based. Yes there is ship to ship combat and sailing, but that isn't why you will love this game. The writing is excellent, the setting is amazing, and the art fits the rest of the game perfectly. If you are looking for a game with excellent gameplay look elsewhere. If you want a great story and a very well written Lovecraftian world, Sunless Sea is for you."
,Recommended,304650,23832218,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,macxtc,"Needs Controller support... How hard could that be to code... but looks promissing... I will updatemy review later...for now, Thumbs up!"
76561197981900929,Recommended,304650,26010073,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,dark_ronnie,A slow narrative focused rogue-lite Lovecraftian with a real sensasion of dread and wonder
76561197995687118,Recommended,304650,30042951,Posted: 19 February,all,Scruzo,"Awsume game, well worth the cash, cheers."
76561198263051263,Recommended,304650,32829810,Posted: 26 June,all,mastertmf1,explored the zeewent to churchfound the consumed castlegot killed by a mountain10/10 would zail again.
,Recommended,304650,30034576,Posted: 19 February,all,Atreides,explore the interesting world
,Recommended,304650,26057773,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SpinGee,The zee is hungry
76561198011672328,Recommended,304650,29495525,Posted: 25 January,all,Snake[cp],Zero information in Client Updates section on steam.  I have no idea what I just downloaded.  Nothing about it on their official website either.  Maybe I'm missing something.
,Recommended,304650,14359578,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JohnnyAppleSeed,this is a very difficult and time consuming game. if you r into that then its good for u. and this is perma death and u die easy so know that if u get this game.
,Recommended,304650,29672141,Posted: 3 February,all,Veldt,It's p. good.
,Recommended,304650,29794967,Posted: 8 February,all,lx33632187,Chinese Please!!!!!
76561198083548864,Recommended,304650,32748690,Posted: 24 June,all,PONNAPPA,"Undoubtedly it's a good game , and we need Chinese."
76561198046783183,Recommended,304650,21401132,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Пылесос оф дикс,Pretty sure i had sex with a tiger lady11/10
76561197992968445,Recommended,304650,14380919,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Shiny BOOT,Too much water 10/10Summary: Cat as a crew member
76561198141246217,Recommended,304650,28687211,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ugly_knee_grows,yes
76561198007397796,Recommended,304650,27627854,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,leopard_87,"deep, vast and huge lovcraftian universe!"
,Recommended,304650,34493796,Posted: 25 August,all,Pepsi on the water. Time to feed,Are you delicious?Are you a friend?This game is for you
,Recommended,304650,16512713,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,chortled,7needsmorelocations/10
76561198073602778,Recommended,304650,20854708,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,DayMan,Fun
76561198038486289,Not Recommended,304650,14440178,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,VB {VIC},"I normally look at all of the negative feedback on a game before buying and I nearly didn't buy this but I though it looks different and some of the positive reviews were encouraging.I can say that now I'm about 6 hours into it, I find it boring and lacking in playability. I don't have time to list all of the bad things here but to sum them up the game is different but making money for fuel and provisions is too hard and getting enough to upgrade the ship looks like it would take forever. The monsters are a little odd and the one cannon on the front of the ship means that you have to be pointing at them to fire it and they just slaughter you because you can't turn away quickly enough.There are few clues as to where things are, I got a mission and didn't have a clue where to look and ran out fuel trying. You pick up different things from harbours and ships etc but half of the things are meaningless.The game has great promise but in its current format, its a NO from me and a waste of $20"
76561198014861910,Not Recommended,304650,14425767,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Das Bear Juden,Oddly put together.
76561198113123040,Recommended,304650,14398967,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,wrihatmoko,Mutiny in the middle of bats attack. I think the crew doesn't want to change their diet after tasting two of their crewmates.
76561197983786651,Not Recommended,304650,21110200,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Starbug,"Story driven roguelike game? No thanks. Pretty good fun if you like clicking through the same stories you've already read several times before as you complete the same opening 30 minutes over and over again upon each new life.The roguelike aspect should have been a NG+ or something. As it is, they've hidden a lot of well written little tales and atmosphere building lore behind a rather bad design choice.Also the combat is bad. Like really bad.Story driven roguelike game? No thanks. Pretty good fun if you like clicking through the same stories you've already read several times before as you complete the same opening 30 minutes over and over again upon each new life.The roguelike aspect should have been a NG+ or something. As it is, they've hidden a lot of well written little tales and atmosphere building lore behind a rather bad design choice.Story driven roguelike game? No thanks. Pretty good fun if you like clicking through the same stories you've already read several times before as you complete the same opening 30 minutes over and over again upon each new life.The roguelike aspect should have been a NG+ or something. As it is, they've hidden a lot of well written little tales and atmosphere building lore behind a rather bad design choice.Story driven roguelike game? No thanks. Pretty good fun if you like clicking through the same stories you've already read several times before as you complete the same opening 30 minutes over and over again upon each new life.The roguelike aspect should have been a NG+ or something. As it is, they've hidden a lot of well written little tales and atmosphere building lore behind a rather bad design choice.Oh, did you read the same text several times before? Think of this as a roguelike review."
76561198008849297,Not Recommended,304650,26009706,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ppow,"Played just few hours, but got annoyed already... Game offers little to none immersion into ""Fallen London"" and story is a random collection of fetch quests.Main challenge is you simply have not enough fuel/food: you die if you swim too far but have no reliable source of cash if you stay close home :/"
76561197995909698,Not Recommended,304650,29369434,Posted: 19 January,all,Ihpkmn,"Failbetter Games write excellent flash fiction stories hidden behind horribly-designed, very grindy games. I reccomend that  the team gets game developers on it before Sunless Skies happens, or else abandon game development entirely, and use the money earned from these games to buy themselves a printing press and write a novel."
76561197961401594,Not Recommended,304650,30462928,Posted: 11 March,all,drkbef,"I was really bored, couldn't afford enough food and fuel, and then I died.The world is a cool idea, and the writing is good, but it doesn't save the title from the ""game"" aspects.I played 4 hours and I just kept losing money to fuel, food, and repairs.  Doing port reports is pointless as they pay you one fuel unit worth of money, where it usually consumes around 3-5 fuel +supplies to visit one port.  I suppose the events are supposed to make up for that, but most of them require money or mysterious resources to initiate.Combat is way too simplistic at the start, and most enemies are too tough statistics wise to confront.  With weapons being so expensive, and most of my money going towards fuel/supplies, I didn't get an opportunity to try out the other deck slots.The worst was how the decklight (which you need on in order to target better and to stave off craziness) consumes massive quantities of fuel to leave on.  I tried boating around with it off, and fuel consumption seemed to be cut in half.  I suppose it's a ""hard choices"" type mechanic but it felt really artificial, gamey, and needlessly punishing.  It's a light.  Why do you need so much fuel to power a light vs. moving an engine?I wasn't encouraged to grind it out and try again."
76561198122480580,Not Recommended,304650,23352186,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,krovtirus,"When I bought this game I had the illusion that it would be a nice and big exploration game. It's just an illusion.This game is designed to MAKE YOU START AGAIN so you THINK IS BIG.I mean, don't get me wrong. One thing is a challanging hard to play game that you thirst for more, but this game is just annoying. It even has a LEAVE YOUR LEGACY (?????????) engine, so you pass on the bonuses you got to your next ""NEW GAME""???????WHO ON EARTH WANTS TO START AGAIN AFTER 4-5 HOURS OF UNPRODUCTIVE GAMEPLAY?Please, DO NOT LOSE YOUR TIME WITH THIS."
,Not Recommended,304650,30715200,Posted: 24 March,all,ianfrancisgaskin,Very boring.
76561198056975570,Not Recommended,304650,31271426,Posted: 21 April,all,KasierWilhelm,"This is only my second review - normally I feel like the consensus is spot on. But with Sunless Sea I feel like some weird sort of band-wagon thing is going on here because there is no way this game is worth a 9/10 or 10/10.Why:You will literally spend 3/4 of your time doing nothing and staring at your screen as a wee boat travels from port to port. This means that for every 10 hours of play you will spend 7.5 hours staring at the screen doing nothing. Occasionally a badly drawn monster sprite will wiggle toward you. You might avoid it, or run out of fuel and experience semi-perma-death.Even if someone does enjoy this game it can't deserve a 10/10 because the graphics are pretty bad. They're a mishmash of highres and fuzzy low res, but generally badly drawn with little character. Normally this is what first-pass art looks like - when you're prototyping something or practising.And this is where the much vaunted story comes in - being a collection of go-fetch-this, go-deliver-that quests, with a few paragraphs of text and a mishmash of weirdly named characters.And finally there's the grind. Grind does not equal fun. It's addictive, but it's not fun, and it's not really rewarding. But it does for the first couple hours distract from the fact that you're just staring at the screen watching your wee boat travel from port to port as you're drip fed scraps of story.My advice: Life is so short. Don't waste them watching a wee boat crawl across the screen.Also, don't imagine the DLC will improve the experience. The DLC simply adds more, which means it makes things worse."
76561198022851829,Not Recommended,304650,14395684,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,deathbymonty,Dissapointed. Not worth $18.
,Not Recommended,304650,26237859,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zidane,"If you like doing hours upon hours of tedious nothing and have all your tedious work be lost upon death, this is the game for you. Want to try venturing in a new direction? There's about a 1/10 chance you'll encounter an enemy that will nigh-instantly destroy you, losing you all progress.I can't even count the number of times I've wound up in unwinnable scenarios within the first 20 minutes of playing. You pull back into port with no money and little fuel, and you're out of luck. There is absolutely no recourse, you will die.This game is such a slog, so mind-numbingly tedious that it feels almost Sisyphean to try to get anywhere in the game.So well written, so lovely, but completely marred by this ""keep doing it over again until you figure out the right way"" mentality.Stay clear."
76561198071237605,Not Recommended,304650,14722232,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,zarathustra_bezbozhnik,"my first review. feels like cryingTERRIBLE HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT.As a compulsive player i always tend to find and explore all the creative ideas or mechanics or whatever in each game i play, not to mention great ones and Sunless Sea is a game of outstanding design and addictivness! For one you couldn't wait to die in the game as it promises you more challenges and fun...until you realise that the MAIN IDEA OF DYING and passing an inheritense to your successor is not a beautiful gameplay gimmick but a cruel joke, asyou will have to replay every single quest and rediscover every single companion once more...and once more...and once more.To put it simple this beautiful changing Zea dies with its captain each time.It would be marvelous tovanish into the north, or tobuild your colony, or to finish the game by any means offered and to find yourself as a new captain in the world changed by previous character and his actions, that would be the marvel..But this is not the case. To be blunt Failbetter Games encourages customers to replay the same game about 5 times. Not only that, they don't even let you uncover everything there is in the first playthrough (ex.:some goods and parts of London only become availible after first death, etc.).I bought the game and submerged immediately into this weird misterious universe.I bought the game and you won't let me play it?Whanna try it real bad? Get torrent version, don't encourage these guys."
,Recommended,304650,11054053,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Flatcher,Nice
76561198124340644,Not Recommended,304650,29612399,Posted: 31 January,all,BobRosss,"Boring.   seemed interesting, but the clunky interface just means you spend most of your time scrolling.  Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,304650,30022448,Posted: 18 February,all,Civilized Hitman,"1st time trying this game during free weekend1) F   irstly,  lots of text based gaming invovled ---( People who have little patience will most probably hate this game)2) U  nfortunately a lot of grind is needed in this game--- (Perma-deaths)3) C  an hardly seem to get a track of quest as there does not seem to be any way of tracking it.4) K  indly turn around if you're expecting gameplay like Sid Meier's Pirates! ( An old but timeless sea-faring game).5) I   t can do more with some short video cut scenes and voice overs. ( Too much reading of texts involved)6) T  ruth be told it isn't that bad of a game, but definitely not one of my popular choice.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphics: 6/10Gameplay: 4/10Replay value: 10/10---( You'd have to keep replaying to progress, but you'll probably be frustrated.)Value for money: 4/10 ---- ( Get it when it's cheaper and leave it to rot in your library, or don't get it at all)"
,Not Recommended,304650,30003121,Posted: 18 February,all,Spaztic_One,"I was excited for the game from reading about it and the trailer, but didn't know if it'd fit, and didn't want to try it for almost $20. Glad I tried it during the free weekend so I didn't waste my money.The game is painfully slow. Rewards don't seem very well balanced with how quickly you run through supplies and fuel. Requirements in ports for picking options have poorly thoughtout syntax ""God's disgrace required is: "" but the basic framework of syntax makes sense for other things ""Echoes required is: 30""I'd honestly rather read this game as a book than play it. For the 90 minutes I played it, I could have read the same content in a book in about 5 minutes and been much more satisfied."
76561197993432298,Not Recommended,304650,11449231,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,El'Toro,"After playing Fallen London, I was excited to hear about this game coming out for Steam. I think there is a lot of potential here but I'm not sure if I like the direction the game is heading in.Part of the lure of Fallen London is the myth and story. Yet, Sunless Sea makes this almost take a backseat to the constant worry of loading up on fuel and food. The arrangement of islands is always the same as well so you basically feel like nothing changes much between sessions. Resources are extremely difficult to acquire and make the game feel like a chore.Also, the combat is boring and repetitive.  It probably would've been better to make combat simpler and based off stats or allow some random events to trigger on certain “rolls”. There are only a few times you can fight bat swarms before you feel you've been there and done that. I certainly think it was wise to avoid real-time combat but it's still too long-winded.Sunless Sea is still an Early Access game so I'm hoping the developers look at what made Fallen London work and put a focus on story and interesting events, while adding the aspect of exploration and map randomization.In this state I can't recommend this game."
76561198042544232,Not Recommended,304650,26110112,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Shadowsong,"The gameplay is slow and tedious, a lack of events on the ocean combined with the slow speed of a ship make this all the game all the more tedious"
76561198005237124,Recommended,304650,26006781,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,her,we need chinese!!
76561198289465972,Recommended,304650,30012122,Posted: 18 February,all,yubyub02,Sunless Sea is a very fun role-playing game and I would highly recommend playing it.
,Recommended,304650,11058172,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Ap Hywel,It's a good game my only problem is that it's not showing up on my steam account under my game bar
76561198078451041,Recommended,304650,28576064,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blipblapjack,HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T
76561198026539571,Not Recommended,304650,24935405,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Spanks Masterson,"I love the Fallen London game online, so when I found out about this game, I snatched it up. While it may be quite good, it sadly falls completely flat in one major way: the font is waaaay too small to be easily read. On my 17-inch gaming laptop, I start developing headaches after a short period of time due to my eyes straining. I have perfect vision, so it's not that. I checked on the forums and it's a known issue. All of this would be minor and meaningless buuuut this is a STORY game AND there is no in-game way to enlarge the font. There is gobs of text to read. I shouldn't have to put my laptop on my chest to enjoy the game. Requesting a refund, sadly. I'm not sure how so many folks were able to power through the small font issue."
,Not Recommended,304650,30000407,Posted: 17 February,all,BPRempel,"this game is super niche. Permadeath makes it a chore to feel the desire to return to go back to it. of my 16 hours i spent 11 hours on one playthrough. when I died on that playthrough i was finally done with the game.If you like super hard games that are really just niche steampunk genre novels then this game is for me. I Like steampunk, but this game was too much work."
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,304650,34649098,Posted: 31 August,all,Finger,"Very boring, waste of money, for me anyway."
,Recommended,304650,21408606,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ʞɔnɟ,THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN
,Recommended,304650,28218915,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Malte =),"Overall 7.5/10Pos:-You can explore so much.-Very good story.-You can decide almost every action.-I like the grafic actually.Cons:-A bit to high price.-If you played it one time you will most likely never play it again.Would recommend this for players who like ""Openworld"" survival games."
76561198123634613,Not Recommended,304650,20878722,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,honcho12,It would be fun if the devs weren't sadists
76561197983134601,Recommended,304650,30060252,Posted: 20 February,all,Sneakysnake,I love this game...
,Recommended,304650,30059084,Posted: 20 February,all,gaina,e smecher
76561198036763095,Recommended,304650,15912537,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MooseKing,A very good game.
76561197970495904,Not Recommended,304650,17100266,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BoPeep - Woden's 5th Column,"Thumbs down...the begining of this game is convoluted and unintrigueing, at best. Is unintrigueing a word? I think it should be if it isn't. I may give it another chance, but if after a 25 minutes or less into a new game, you're asking yourself...""Why am I wasting my time with this game? Then the question is:  Why am I wasting my time with this game?UPDATE:The begining of this game has improved since an update and I have had ""some"" fun.  C+"
,Recommended,304650,14523812,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Honest Merchant,Literally the best game of 2015.
,Not Recommended,304650,26076550,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,marchab5,The game which purpots being explorative got me killed just for reaching the end of the map. Nothing else of fun in this dull piece of schizophrenic flop of a videogame was noted.
,Recommended,304650,21746404,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ExVasterist,"There's honestly too much good things to say about this game - VERY HIGH in story telling, a decent paced combat system, the music fits the lore of the world, and yes, it is DAMN DIFFICULT.If you don't like reading - avoid.If you don't like a definite challenge that has permadeath (no respawning) - avoid.If you can't adapt in a really unforgiving & practically masochist world - avoid.If you don't like subtle psychological horror - avoid.If you don't like games that don't hold your hand - avoid.If you're the type that expects the game to go easy on you during your first try - avoid.But if you enjoy all the above, you're not a player that expects an easy start & don't like games that hold your hand - get it.Duh, this game is not for everyone, but then again, what game is for everyone?Duh, this game is unfinished, WELCOME TO STEAM!"
76561198095806026,Recommended,304650,14461251,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ghettoninja1,Its good =)
76561198025931972,Recommended,304650,16376669,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ShadowFriend,g
,Not Recommended,304650,16379136,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Why you heff to be mad?,"Really boring game, not worth the cost."
,Recommended,304650,20868584,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,"wtf, i hate obama now",I pirated this game originally. But I wanted to support the devs.I have never done that before with a singleplayer game.This game is that f***ing fantastic.
,Not Recommended,304650,17446640,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MrKeserian,"Sunless Sea is a game with a tremendous amount of potential, but it unfortunately fails to live up to it. The atmosphere of the game (a hybridization of Steampunk and Lovecraftian horror) is perfectly conveyed by a fantastic art style, good music, and a general sense of the futility of sailing the Unterzee. However, the general gameplay leaves a significant amount to be desired.In essence, the game ends up being incredibly grind focused, with a significant amount of time devoted to plying back and forth in seemingly endless trading runs, and what amount to a continuous chain of FedEx quests. I really felt more like a UPS deliveryman in hell than a captain of a warship. The game promised involved story quests involving your officers, but I really felt like my captains were a set of Uber passengers (the kind you pick up at three in the morning) who I had to cart to whatever location they needed, and then drop them off for my pay.Sunless Sea has potential, but the gameplay just doesn’t seem to be synchronized with what the developers were attempting to achieve."
76561198184171347,Recommended,304650,30054048,Posted: 20 February,all,"Tito dick ""dickman"" baby",Iz good
76561198088189529,Recommended,304650,25455401,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Rinark,">Became Captain of the great vessel ""Lady Medusa"">Recieved book telling me how to play>Decieded Books were for nerds not Captains>Sold Book>Set out bravely to explore the east>Heard spooky music and turned back>Found a shark looking hurt>Remembered old story of pulling thorn from lions paw>Went to help shark>Shark bit through a steel boat and started eating crew>Ran away>Discovered that my boat doesnt go fast with most crew eaten>Wished this info was given to me ealier in some form of book that I could have read>Died>New captain>Learned from mistakes>Slowly explored map meeting new people and going on amazing adventures>Made loads of money>Made loads of friends>Bought new boat>Bought new guns>Found shark>Blew the shark up while playing all 4 explosion scenes from all 4 JAWS movies>Felt good>Decided to stop by amazing sunny beach island to celebrate>Celebrated with mushroom wine>Thought would gather sunlight to sell before heading to London to see wife,give many officers closure and finally be the hero my child thought I was by telling him amazing story of shark fighting.>Opened sunlight collection box>Dies of bad sunburn10/10 would defeat JAWS then get DEATH TANNED again."
,Not Recommended,304650,32096086,Posted: 31 May,all,Vandal_1stCav,"Great writing, but slow in development and advancing your abilities."
,Recommended,304650,11076765,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ducat Eater,Ran out of fuel 2 inches from port10/10
76561198066145116,Recommended,304650,25988303,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Netobicz,"Convinced my first mate to let me eat various chunks of him, now he's my zombie slave navigator. Then ate the rest of my crew whole with him just for kicks. 10/10 would eat delicious friends again."
76561198099348385,Recommended,304650,25640137,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Fred The World Eater,Game pad support would be an awesome add for this awesome game.
76561198012872922,Recommended,304650,26677214,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561198100225013,Not Recommended,304650,11788104,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,mongobongoart,"The story and flavor text is great (at least as much as you get to see). But the majority of the game is NOT finished. Despite the claims in the ""Early Access"" box, this is not late Beta. Not even close. Half the game isn't even filled in yet. You limp your way to a port and there is nothing there, just ""Sorry - this area hasn't been completed yet"". Lovely.The premise of the game seems to be Steampunk / Call of Cthulhu horror. But what it boils down to is fumbling around in your little ship trying to explore the map to find parts of the game that actually are finished. You are doing this to hopefully find some way to pay for all the fuel/supplies you are using. Unfortunately there seems to be a dreadful lack of trade opportunities in the game. Very few ports actually seem to buy/sell anything other than the aforementioned fuel/supplies. And when they do, it tends to be at worse price opportunities than what you can get in London. (You'll notice that fuel/supplies comes up alot, because everything revolves around those resources.)Additionally, you are trying to complete quests that send you to locations that you have never seen before.  Because in typical bad game logic - you always choose couriers that don't know where they are going, and you never tell them where the location is - brilliant! So you are using ridiculous amounts of fuel/supplies to find places to complete quests that will never come close to paying for the amount of fuel/supplies that you used to get there. It's just very bad bassackward quest design.As you are doing all this, your Terror rapidly increases with no cost effective ways to offset it until your crew finally mutinies, you have to kill over half of them, and then you are reduced to half speed. Basically you just accept the fact that your Terror will be maxxed all the time, and it's gonna cost lots of fuel/suuplies to get places cuz you'll always be at half speed. At least you will until something comes along and kills you cuz you can't avoid it, being so slow and all. At which point you get to start all over again from the very beginning with a new character (oh! but you do get to pass along a tiny bonus - joy!). Build up, die, start over. Build up, die, start over. So it becomes very very very grindy. But if you enjoy that kind of misery, then this game might be for you. #Hardcore bro!So I can't in good conscience recommend this game AT ALL in it's current state. It's not even close to being finished. Hell, they are currently in the midst of completely re-doing the combat system. This ""early access"" is just ""please fund our game development while we figure out what to do"". I was under the impression that was what Kickstarter was for. Maybe when the game actually *is* finished it will be decent. Will probably end up being Sid Meier's Pirates! with a Thief light-mechanic and a steampunk/cthulhu twist. But what it is right now is a rip-off."
,Recommended,304650,16237438,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,"Funny enough, buying this game made me reread Clavell. Worth it for sure. Fun game."
76561198007226198,Recommended,304650,14682236,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lato,"Great value here, the amount of content for the price is just great and we get regular free content updates. Love this game!"
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,304650,29349532,Posted: 18 January,all,ArchAngelPaladin,"I'm not sure what the point of this game really is. Wondering around aimlessly isn't fun at all. Maybe if the map didn't rearranging itself every time I died it wouldn't be so bad, but trying to find a specific island is alot of work for not much of a reward."
76561198306523965,Not Recommended,304650,23154098,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,bt.mcdaniel88,"There is a really good game somewhere in here; the strory is strong and the visuals are very consistent with the theme.  Unfortunately, the gameplay is shallow, the story moves too slowly to keep me involved, and 99% of everything onscreen is olive, gray, brown, or black.At some point, I had to stop waiting for something interesting to happen."
,Not Recommended,304650,29975279,Posted: 16 February,all,>_,"It's really hard to understand, so less guide at the first and I don't know what should I do on there."
,Not Recommended,304650,20818026,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tea2theBag,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,304650,15796193,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Geofferic,"It's odd, because I kinda like this game, but it simply doesn't deliver in any area except atmosphere.It's not a rogue-like, so just ignore anything suggesting that.This is a story book, a choose your own adventure, game.  It's pretty damned good for that genre.The Lovecraftian aspect is extremely light and limiting in annoying ways.  It feels like the game was meant to be a Facebook pay-to-play-more game, but got too big in scope.The writing can be good, it can be bad.  It's a mixed bag and it repeates - a lot.There is very little replay value, and calling this an ""exploration"" game is a stretch.If you can get it for $2.50, go for it."
76561198008336937,Not Recommended,304650,30014845,Posted: 18 February,all,ϟϟ Dlw4456 ϟϟ,"UI confusing, not for me but others might enjoy it. shows similarities to FTL and darkest dungeon"
76561197970396011,Recommended,304650,14468945,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Retro Lion,Sold some honey and got killed by a crab.9/10
76561198053966461,Not Recommended,304650,16285083,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,aleks-maks,Found it boring :/
,Not Recommended,304650,16395785,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,crowbar,"I dont want to ""not recommend"" it because I cant review it with 10 minutes playtime. But Steam forces you to choose and because its not for me I have to choose ""no"".What I want to make clear with my review is that you shouldnt expect a ""game"" here, more an interactive book, which isnt nessesarily a bad thing, but its not for me."
76561198148063600,Recommended,304650,29980366,Posted: 17 February,all,Lose Way Boy,I sure the game is nice!and I really do not want play the game without the story!but my English is so poorwe need Chinses PLS!!!
,Recommended,304650,17331494,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcDGaF0Ax9USo, full disclosure: I was a Fallen London player and couldn't wait for Sunless Sea. I really enjoy storytelling and the dark, gothic, macabre world of Fallen London and Sunless Sea are truly inspired and fleshed out.The game is essentially and exploration game with some Choose Your Own adventure elements. Each place you discover will have a storyline that you can affect. Based on inventory, who your crew is, whether you have news or not, or what choices you have made in other stories, you can progress to gain rewards.The rewards are mostly monetary based, or Secret based. You use money to upgrade your ship and to buy fuel and supplies (Which you will need) and you use Secrets to upgrade your Captain or complete quests.The game is difficult and it is similar to games like Rogue Legacy in that you are NOT expected to complete the game on your first Captain. A big mechanic is writing a Will. This costs money (Of Course) and allows you to pass possessions on to your next Captain.You WILL die.But that is okay.I have spent a considerable amount of time playing the game and have not completed it. The atmosphere and music are compelling and the stories unfold in unexpected ways; the first time.Later Captains will complete the same storylines as the previous Captains, so the longer you play, the more it becomes a game of clicking throught the text of each story to get to the choices. It is unfortunate.I still highly reccomend this game, especially for Fallen London players or people who enjoy Atmospheric exploration titles.7/10"
76561197975081088,Not Recommended,304650,14386455,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Schneider,"I can't be the first to say the emperor has no clothes with this one can I? Where to start...I suppose I've been so spoiled by FTL that I come to expect a UI that is intuitive and easy to follow even if can't be bothered to read the text. But with SS I find that's impossible. The game uses concepts such as 'fear' or 'pages', 'echos'...all unnecessarily opaque. When you navigate around the towns to choose missions it's really quite difficult to tell what is going on... and I don't even mean in terms of the story. The fact when you click a button the window scroll resets back to the top of the page, _even though_ text has been added to the bottom. It's really confusing. The ideas is you are supposed to be choosing paths in a story and the next but unfolds below but it's horribly unclear. Terrible UI. Such a shame they have failed on this basic stuff. If you want to work out what missions you have signed up for you need to look in the journal ...but good luck working out from that what are you supposed to be doing! More obscure icons and in-jokes. Putting zee- in front of everything gets tired quick you know?More UI annoyances/bugs:The text is tiny meaning you have to squint all the time.The game doesn't handle losing focus when you are playing full screen on multiple monitors. Why do I have to lose a view of my game just because I've switched the a browser?Initially the game didn't even show up in the task bar when I was playing full screen."
,Recommended,304650,25640241,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,[GitP] Archonic Energy,went NORTH. died. 10/10 would go NORTH again.
76561198077717378,Not Recommended,304650,20235813,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,halfmoonsmile,The text is too small to read so much of it comfortably.
76561198032535347,Not Recommended,304650,22303393,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,peter.allen140,Has anyone managed to get anywhere wth thsi game? Am I missing something fundamental? I launch the game and pick my name and there is very little to do
,Recommended,304650,29938952,Posted: 15 February,all,A Chilled Beverage,It's good.
,Recommended,304650,14366788,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,𝖀𝖒𝖇𝖎𝖑𝖎𝖈𝖆𝖑𝕮𝖔𝖗𝖕𝖘𝖊,I threw a bat at bats from a boat. 10/10 Would bat again.
76561198117045023,Recommended,304650,30049094,Posted: 19 February,all,Macavity,fun
76561197985869162,Not Recommended,304650,26074121,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JokerSF,"I play games for entertainment with a bit of a challenge.  This game is hard, period.  They start you out with very little resources and somehow you are supposed to survive by randomly making the right choices over and over again to get more fuel and food.  There's no planning, you just have to hope that you are going in the right direction.  If not, you die and start over.   I like a challenge but this game is like putting a baby in a lions cage with nothing but a spoon to defend itself with."
,Recommended,304650,14358360,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,General Specific,A d__ned good game.
76561198068929261,Recommended,304650,30011514,Posted: 18 February,all,more carry pls,this is excited
76561197983593144,Not Recommended,304650,14437665,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,nowλi,God this game is boring. Why did I even spend my mony on this piece of ####. This game is nothing like FTL.
,Not Recommended,304650,33844291,Posted: 27 July,all,tact,"Grate riting, annoying monetary system, with the gas and goods. Could has of been was better.Edit: Thnaks"
,Not Recommended,304650,30016932,Posted: 18 February,all,CotNL,Keep crashing no mater what. The game is more than 2 years old and still buggy. Because it's a cheap fabrication written on Unity. Don't buy it.
76561198015197386,Not Recommended,304650,14401221,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Shenanigans,"This is not a game about exploration, as it claims, and it certainly doesn't reward you for doing so (high fuel/supply cost for wandering, no indication of where you should wander, major ports that award you nothing unless you have a reason to be there, powerful enemies that will simply ruin you). It seriously takes 1/3 of a barrel of fuel just to exit the inner harbour of the starting port.It's also definitely not a game about trading, because I swear, half the ports I went to didn't even have shops. Never mind shops that actually had things worth buying or selling.Naval battles are a frustrating joke, so if the game is about that, it's a really irritating game.I don't think it's a game about questing, because most of the quests I got wouldn't even tell me where I was supposed to go. ""Here, smuggle this contraband for me."" ""Where?"" ""Over there. Watch out for port inspections while you have it."" ""Okay, how do I get there?"" ""...""So what is this game about? This is a game about dying.That's it. Go out, die, repeat. Eventually, you will be able to pass on something interesting after you die, like a weapon, or money. Once you're really good at dying, you'll be able to own a house. I mean, not you. You probably won't own a house, or if you do, you won't use it much. Your descendents will own a house, which they will (maybe) improve for whoever is in their will.Actually, once you really figure out how to die, you can start the game with many of these hurdles already surpassed. For example, at the minor cost of only four starting captains, I began the game with a house, an ironclad will, 950 echoes (money, or roughly 9 times the normal starting amount), and the 2nd best gun available at the starting port.The best part is that none of these captains ever left the port. I was literally able to accelerate my game by DYING IN THE STARTING PORT. If I wanted, I could have sent my captains off to die in some random corner of the sea (I mean, ""go exploring""), at which point I would have had a massive advantage in knowing roughly where the various landmarks are, and what enemies lurk nearby.I'll probably keep playing it, which is to say I am going to keep killing my captains in the starting port, just to see how much stuff I can start the game with. Although maybe I already am playing the game. I hoenstly don't know.The dialogue system is interesting, but the UI is a little messy. Interactions often have unexpected results. ""Would you like some tea?"" ""Yes, I would."" ""Oh dear, the house is burning down. Unfortunate."" ""...""The atmosphere is phenomenal. Would make a truly fantastic game about trading and exploring.Definitely don't recommend, unless you've got a fetish for genealogy."
76561198334252379,Recommended,304650,26059240,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Silky Rough,"Silky: Sublime story. Great music.Rough: Dying. Often...oo00oo..I've seen the term alternate used to describe this title but what I discovered was... well... absurd. Assuming that alternate is a reasonable adjective for longer term players and absurd was my first, then we could say I stumbled upon an ""alterurd"" or an ""absurdnate"" title.For the sake of some (any?) kind of adjective to describe... this... let's go with absurdnate. And why the hell not? Absurdnate? It's fitting. Perfectly fitting. If only I could explain how.AbsurdnateIt's called Sunless Sea. That means it's probably Dark. Check. There's Boats. Check. A ""base"" (London). Check. Map. Check. Sea creatures. Check. Characters. Check. Story. Check. Exploration. Check. Bats. Check. Wait, what? Bats?? Ermmm... OK... let's just go with that.So I find myself with a small vessel equipped with a tiny deck gun, a strange crew - who are always hungry - and always scared. I have a ship cat. I have rats. The cat eats rats. Everything is normal right?Yes, yes indeed... Right up until bats something something London, something something water and the map fills with something something glowing, fighting, weird sea creatures that want to eat my boat. I was once an urchin and I'm now a captain. Some guy wants to give me things, someone wants a ride on my boat and someone wants me to take something somewhere. The island I just visited had some weird priest (among other things), the next island had some dark mystery (I have yet to discover what it is and when I do, it won't be - there's always that).The harbour master wants my port reports, the university wants specimens of the sea creatures I encounter. And of course, I need fuel, supplies and a way and a place to repair my boat. Presumably, doing all these things will give me that thing that I need the most - an income.. income.. income. (is there an echo in here?)(There's also something about keeping the lights on, which uses up fuel of course, because my crew suffers ""Terror"".  How... normal can it get?)Of several quests, I selected what seems the most, I don't know.. appropriate? I have to find my fathers bones (since I'm an urchin my history is probably important to me right?). To find out where they are all I have to do is stumble unknowingly around dark unexplored seas with my aforementioned boat, my dysfunctional crew. And my cat.Did I mention that everything starts with Z? No? And this is all done with absurdnate storytelling in text based format - with entirely fitting and immersive music... replete with rippling water ambience as you might expect when you have ""zee"".This totally makes sense. Totally. What more do you need? A swimthrough?Absurdnate?  Just buy it already.EDIT: Typos/clarity."
76561197970743075,Not Recommended,304650,26018619,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,nophex,It's hard to stay awake while playing this game
76561198216651143,Not Recommended,304650,29968778,Posted: 16 February,all,n00dles,"Not my Cup of Tea. :XFeels very ""slow'ish"" / kinda like watching a Let's play.. *weaird*"
76561198071865036,Not Recommended,304650,28213640,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,nathan.fortier,On Ubuntu the game is completely unplayable. It shows a black screen and the game never seems to load. I will change this review once this issue is resolved.
,Not Recommended,304650,26420901,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Poke_Ribz,"I don't see how anyone could live past the first hour of gameplay. You cannot go down the block without running out of fuel and supplies. Obtaining money to buy these things is like pulling teeth. This game should be renamed, ""Pain In Your @$$""."
76561198009667994,Not Recommended,304650,26098144,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Thaalgar,"It's nice and hard, like dark souls, but in top-down nautical adventure formHoweverstarted playing, died a few timesExpectedThat.jpgGot a bit further, realised all the little extra stuff I earnt was lost when I diedOkThatsABitHarsh.gifFinally saved enough currency for a bigger shipWhatCouldGoWrong.docCrew stages random muttany, kills me, I lose my ship, back to square one#♥♥♥♥ThisShit #RageQuitNow back to Dark Souls because at least Dark Souls doesnt strip me of all my weapons and Armour when I die"
,Not Recommended,304650,14399959,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kitsuki,"Unless you have a top of the line computer, don't even bother with this game. There are no setting for low graphics, the resolution is locked to a high setting, and there is little customibility. Overall gameplay felt klunky and disjointed."
,Not Recommended,304650,26078886,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Beardmancer,"More than anything, this game is a glorified text adventure. The pace is dreadfully slow, combat is so limited and sluggish that it may as well be impossible. I ran out of fuel about 1 inch from the London dock and the game just kinda stops without an ending at that point. I still don't know if there is a fuel meter or not, because the tutorial is so paper thin and hard to follow. Play if you're looking for a way to punish yourself."
,Not Recommended,304650,17619858,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,trn,"Wandering round slowly in circles for AGES, eventually running out of food and supplies - well this was getting on my nerves. Two hours on google and youtube looking for hints and tips and the majority of advice was: 'Sell your first boat, buy a big gun and then die, leaving the gun to your second character.'Pah. Narrative immersion my a$$."
,Recommended,304650,14402314,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,WorkingClassHero,"The gameplay itself is fairly barebones from a technical standpoint but this is more than made up for by the suberb writing, the atmosphere and the sense of exploration and survival you get zailing the zee. I normally consider even ""great"" video game writing to be comparitively subpar but this game blew me away. Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,304650,16557843,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mozgoved,"Hello there folks!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.As of 20 June 2015 I strongly discouroge anyone from buying this game. Before buying I have read the positive and negativew reviews, but the art style and graphics made me buy it. I didn't really understand the main problem pionted out in negative reviews - the pointless and repetitive text based interactions at ports. As it turned out, in fact you spend most of your gameplay time doing this stupid text interactions in port, instead of sailing throught the Sunless Sea in your awesome steamer and doing all kinds of fun exploring and fighting.The game warns you in cutscenes that your first captain would probably die. I did my best to control the fuels and food on board of my first ship with my first captain, nearly escaped alive from bttles with sea mosnters. And what do you know - my first captain died from a scripted unnskippable text interaction in London port! I had zero control over how that interaction played out and couldn't do anything about it. So much for skill based survival.As it is now this game is underwhelmingly lacking content in its most successfull part - sea exploration and combat, and is abudently dependent on scripted text based interactions in ports which are extrelemy boring, repetitive, badly written, terribly designed interface-wise.If you thought you would get a terrific 2d top down horror-themed exploration game your wrong. This is actually a text-based low quality quest game. The awesome 2d top down sea sailing is somehow supeficially added on top of the text questing and is not the core of the game as I thought when I was buying it. And this fact is not revealed in any marketing material available with the game.Stay away until developers change this and add more content not based on text questing."
,Not Recommended,304650,16575735,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sku11knight,It's just text. This is not a game. This is a story book.
76561198038679585,Recommended,304650,14241633,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,鬼神 Kill Em All 1989,Buy now or I'll ♥♥♥♥ your dog
,Recommended,304650,29683055,Posted: 3 February,all,Noblesdown,Comrade Banktrumpt is anti-American.
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,304650,12993517,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,NeonHaggis,Due to changes in the combat system this is not the game I thought I was buying. Oh well.
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,304650,30014172,Posted: 18 February,all,AlexMBrennan,"Review after the free weekend:Unfortunately, this game is basically impossible to complete without a walkthrough or magical knowledge of game events and locations - e.g. you can get a quest from the Admiral to go to location X, with no hint whatsoever as to where location X might be, or you might get a quest to drop off 12 colonists in another location that might well take you hours to find.To make matters worse, the interface is amazingly inefficient - to hire crew, you need to scroll and click FOR EVERY group of 1-3 crewmembers (sliders to hire a dozen at a time? nah, we can waste more of our paying customer's time this way!). Similarly, levelling up officers requires you to scroll and click for every single point (you could just keep the window open so you don't have to scroll back down after each click, but nah - we gotta waste all of the player's time!).Also, someone should tell the developers that resolution also applies to windows (i.e. 1920x1080 should not be a tiny window in the center of my 1920x1080 screen)."
,Recommended,304650,12697934,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ogudi - David,hit rocks - diedwould die againbats/10
76561198066134598,Not Recommended,304650,12371864,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Hossonation [Venturist],"The whole Fallen London concept and world is very appealing to me. Dark, brooding, and yet humorous in a gritty way. However, almost twenty bucks (kickstarter or not) for not even a half finished flash game is ridiculous."
,Recommended,304650,11057998,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,stribojich,Borred to death...
76561198120419114,Not Recommended,304650,16370333,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,------------,.
76561198030956258,Recommended,304650,25863915,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Giggles,8/10
76561197976793342,Not Recommended,304650,29983520,Posted: 17 February,all,somewierdguy,"initially interesting, but after ten minutes of moving closer to the monitor to read type, chugging along in a slow boat, and trying to figure out if you've done something...well, the old adage of the navy comes to mind, to paraphrase, hours of boredom punctuated by minutes of cursing."
76561197991979658,Not Recommended,304650,14405655,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Paul Fisch,This seems like more of a book than a game.  Also it felt super grindy.
76561198072363836,Not Recommended,304650,14374126,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,eastwest312,"Thanks to the positive reviews, I got conned into playing this POS ""game"", how anyone can enjoy this boggles the mind, I should of read the negative reviews before buying. 6 hours into the game, and all I've done was run from enemies, discover ports I've discovered in my initial playthrough, and trying to get enough money for one augmentation, yet I guess the only way to do that is to cheat, and memorize where every enemy is, and port, maybe in 500 hours I'll get to that point."
76561198079801398,Not Recommended,304650,11176872,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,whirlwind78,"This game is well over the amount it should be.To me it should be at least 8 or 5 dollars.I honestly believe it is the most boring thing ive ever played, and ive played $#@!ing walking semulator.No one should buy this unless you want to die of boredom, or have nothing better to do than watch paint dry.The combat is like playing #$@!ing magic the gathering but 100 times more boring.But i dont know thats just my oppinion."
76561198355123240,Not Recommended,304650,29975496,Posted: 16 February,all,fus7,"too slow game play. cliche stories and word games.i cant see what kind of idea behind changing the word ""sea"" into ""zee""? does it make it original, epic?bad interface, almost no sounds - music make no atmosphere...3/10."
76561198090671336,Not Recommended,304650,14357395,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,WÆTHERMAN💨,"As for text adventure there's really not much content inside the game and I failed to appreciate either the setting, the humour or writing craft.Usually a text adventure offers a complex tree of dependence between your actions and results or it disguises itself as such. In Sunless Sea every action is atomic i.e. if You do something, you gain or increase one of ""qualities"", and in order to do something you usually need some qualities leveled to some levels. This mechanic, while very interesting and innovative (if we don't count the Fallen London, that same creators have made) render the story as artificial and dull.As for rogue, this game has no repetition value - if you die, you will avoid the single mistake that killed you, but spend 99.9% of the time doing the same, boring, repetitive grind.However, there are not many innovative games like this one, so if you're bored by Borderlands, Call of Duty, Skyrim and other AAA games, just as by any indie game that is just another platformer or roguelike game - you might want to explore this game.Kudos to developers, but I can't recommend it to people who only look at thumb icons."
76561198006715294,Not Recommended,304650,25999785,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Avendol,"its alright. not enough music, combat is very simple. a ship sandbox game, not bad, not great just meh"
,Not Recommended,304650,23214621,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Legally Blind,"A game in which it has great story and I just can't get into it.Reasons for this include:Rogue-LikeHow the gameplay plays outAnd just about everything actually for me.Not much to say,but this game just wasn't for me.So it will stay around the one and a half hour mark."
76561198043292627,Not Recommended,304650,29983661,Posted: 17 February,all,SoulResperz,"i wanna like this game, i really do but its way to hard , like i love a challenge but with all the grinding its annouying, its a cool game concept but stuff cost way to much to even enjoy a voyage, i understand further ports would have more costly fuel but dang 10 for 1 thing of fuel thats barely gets u any where, i mean maybe 5 or 3 , i will admit tho the praying to the god thing was a cool concept ,i did have sum luck tho, i prayed to salt(a god in the game) after i ran out of fuel and after killing most of my crew from munity, and he took me to a port but it wasnt even london so i was screwd anyways , even if they sold feul their i would till be stuck cuz i only had 7 echos or whatever the money is called, like gg my dudes its a decent game but their just isnt enought reward for the risk, and the combat its ok , i expecting something more strategic, and escaping the enemy is hard, which i do like ,for the fact that i kinda fear for my salior its almost imposible to hide or even escape without taking masive damage and thats cool if u do escape but it cost so much just to fix ur ship, and that adds up to alot cuz alot of these things can kill u pretty quick if ur not careful"
,Not Recommended,304650,23758472,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ptr1ck,Not quite what I expected. Atmosphere and story is cool but wasn't a fan of more tedious aspects of the game. I barely left London port it seems and didn't compete much for missions and was running out of fuel too quickly for my enjoyment.
76561198062994737,Not Recommended,304650,29975909,Posted: 16 February,all,SnailsAttack,"I played this game for about 15 or so minutes before I quit. Want to know why? Because it's confusing and boring.Most of the game requires reading. Lots of reading. I don't know about you, but reading is probably one of the most boring parts of a game. I'd like to explore the action-packed parts of this game, but you can't do that without grinding through piles and piles of text. The worst part about this is that the text appears very blurry for some reason. I've checked my resolution and other settings but can't figure out why its like that.Also, there's basically no tutorial. The game basically just throws you right on into the game expecting you to know whats going on. It floods you with about a thousand different buttons and settings and stats and it's confusing as all hell.I would like to say that the game has an interesting atmosphere, some nice art, and a cool soundtrack. But the gameplay is just plain bad.Maybe this game just isn't for me."
,Not Recommended,304650,16953191,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Charles Thomas,Overpriced.By about $7000.4/10
76561198163148477,Not Recommended,304650,16235769,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"I dont understand this game. I ran out of food, then fuel, then patience."
,Not Recommended,304650,30024194,Posted: 18 February,all,Sickman,"Played this game for a little while during the free weekend, I didn't find it fun.A lot of reading, which I usually don't mind, but EVERYTHING was meant to be read.Not my kind of game."
,Not Recommended,304650,24056040,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Loopy the Werewolf,Walls of text.. Walls and walls and walls of text.. This would make a great web-based or even mobile game
76561198279227011,Not Recommended,304650,30023794,Posted: 18 February,all,paullie38,"A little complicated ,lots of rules if exploration is your goal go for it ."
76561198015004470,Not Recommended,304650,11128148,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheAmishJihad,No content.
,Not Recommended,304650,30130930,Posted: 23 February,all,Orlandini_,boring as f...Sorry guys
,Recommended,304650,30034696,Posted: 19 February,all,fengge:-),chinese plzchinese plzchinese plztherefore i can recommend this game to my friends
,Not Recommended,304650,29995399,Posted: 17 February,all,Cocksure Calligrapher,not a 5/7 game
76561198149770583,Recommended,304650,30009267,Posted: 18 February,all,2315468461,WEEEEEE NEED CHINESE!!!
76561198042172965,Recommended,304650,16364489,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aidanjk,"zunless zee zs z zery zood zame, zhe zandom zumber zenerator zakes zvery zime znique.zt zirst zt zay zeem zimpossible zo zet zny zold.zut zhen zou zo zt zs zery zun.z/z"
,Recommended,304650,16278650,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,robbyvdub,a
76561197987816557,Not Recommended,304650,28580754,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Berry[LinuxMint],"I've played for 2 hours, and I've yet to fulfill even my one objectives. I don't know how to make money. Can't buy information. I just don't get this game."
76561198025068811,Not Recommended,304650,11331953,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Alex,"Mouse, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, mouse, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, click, mouse, click, click, clickBloody hard on the wrists and boring.  This game needs work.  I can not begin to say how many times I lost everything and then had to S L O W L Y build everything back up.  No more."
,Not Recommended,304650,30017621,Posted: 18 February,all,Cethy,What the hell is this UI ... Even Dwarf Fortress is easier on that regard.
76561198048111530,Not Recommended,304650,32518124,Posted: 17 June,all,danny2kan,nearly there - almost a really good game - but as it is - with so many easy ways to die - you have failed - you absolute bunch of time wasting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031141936,Not Recommended,304650,17525583,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,dadasx,money trap
,Not Recommended,304650,29983090,Posted: 17 February,all,Trip,"Prolly a game for someone with a lot more patience than I. A game should hook you at the start, I've literally no interest in playing it."
76561198359294590,Recommended,304650,29977997,Posted: 16 February,all,marius gamdom.com,XD
,Not Recommended,304650,29986940,Posted: 17 February,all,ForceSide,Art style and Concept for this game look Cool.But gameplay too confusing and feel bored so fast
,Not Recommended,304650,29973232,Posted: 16 February,all,711green,Well to be honest I expected the very different game.I know I could check youtube or read other reviews but I prefer to make my own opinion.Either I am bad at this game or it lacks some basic tutorial but I lost like 3 times under 20m and except for 1-2 missions couldn't figure out what to do.This and the fact that this wasn't what I expected made me request the refund.
76561198064600280,Not Recommended,304650,30004412,Posted: 18 February,all,fLuxy,Beautiful game but mechanics are too complicated.
,Not Recommended,304650,30004947,Posted: 18 February,all,Grim,nice crashes 10/10 :)
,Not Recommended,304650,11341021,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,willi828,I don't get it.  There's nothing telling you what to do.  I can drive around and kill crabs and die from stuff.  played for 30 minutes and wont ever play again.
,Not Recommended,304650,25987919,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Djb_gamez,"the concept and all that is good but in reality, for me personally it's a no. it's to slow yet to fast, your boat takes for ever to get anywhere but by the time you get anywhere you need fuel and supplies, but have no money as all you've managed is a few port reports. you go further afield and then your attacked, you need hp, supplies and fuel, with barely any money, you choose which one kills you. credit to the people who can play this game well."
76561198069195144,Not Recommended,304650,30013920,Posted: 18 February,all,Sikkael Michofield,not worth its price
,Not Recommended,304650,30002041,Posted: 17 February,all,Secretninja,Boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197986522942,Not Recommended,304650,23335294,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kraven,"Awful, AWFUL game. I spent a long time trying to love this game but after playing the fisrt hour over 2321421243123125124123 times im ♥♥♥♥ing tired of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cant you maybe give SOMEONE a break SOMETIMES!? Like holy ♥♥♥♥ your game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sly hard n oone has fun. Enjoy your dying game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,304650,26589180,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HalfPint,I wanted a video game idiot not a rule book on how to bore the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my grand kids.
,Not Recommended,304650,30606445,Posted: 18 March,all,Byxorna,"Imagine playing Battleship while reading a dictionary. That was the idea behind Sunless Sea, and it's exactly as thrilling as it sounds."
,Not Recommended,304650,23826948,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,If U Seek Amy,its boring imo
76561197970635656,Not Recommended,304650,26008326,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SubStandard,"This feels like an unfinished game. I paid $7 for it, and I feel that was $5 too much. Terrible."
76561198029142433,Not Recommended,304650,30046593,Posted: 19 February,all,Boz Bozman,Reading! The Game!
76561198022940548,Not Recommended,304650,32834624,Posted: 26 June,all,Lee,"This is a horribly boring and unengaging game.   The actual game mechanics looks like something that was programmed by one or two guys over a period of a few months, the ""story"" is mostly text, combat is simple and unengaging.Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,304650,28392220,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AlphaAsh,Boring. Sure it's probably well-written but I can read a book for that.
76561198097262558,Recommended,304650,25973055,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,asbrakaka,THE SUN. THE SUN. THE SUN
76561198001592523,Recommended,304650,25969307,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,I'm Alex Navarro,who is salt?
76561198034662084,Not Recommended,304650,32759706,Posted: 25 June,all,Malcolm,"Pretty boring, the grind is way too long to get anywhere then when you think you're getting somewhere you die and have to start over. Supid game."
,Not Recommended,304650,28605236,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,wow its like an unfun game met another unfun game and made...an unfun game
,Not Recommended,304650,32337863,Posted: 11 June,all,jam,there were no suns :(
76561198019927365,Not Recommended,304650,12496287,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Luceint,This game is all over the place.
,Not Recommended,304650,26371118,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"This game has some of the worst mechanics I've ever encountered.Little to nothing is ever explained to you, the tutorial is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, and the combat is useless and unintuitive. You can literally spent a minute trying to hit an enemy that's right infront of your ship, and miss constantly. It seems the equipment you have onboard makes no difference for anything at all.The story of the game seems interesting, but you'll have to die by trial and error many many times just before you even know the basics due to the lacking tutorial.All in all, I'd give it  a miss. I bought it for just over £4. If you're going to buy at full price, I'd advise against it."
76561197986262991,Not Recommended,304650,26333634,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Storm,"None... stop... reading.......If I wanted to read this much, I'd have bought a novel!"
76561197993328158,Not Recommended,304650,29973490,Posted: 16 February,all,SCL,"Wow, what a ♥♥♥♥ing BORE FEST.The lame♥♥♥♥♥""humor"" in this game is juvenile.Its not funny at all.Typical ""British"" humor.Might be funny if i was 7.It amazes me how MANY vapid hackluster MOBILE games end up on steam after being ""ported"" to PC, jack the price up TEN TO FIFTEEN TIMES what they are worth and they just have all these RAVE reviews.Wrap a turd in silk(Ersatz silk) and raise the price to make the simpleton robot-tool sheep  buy this crap.Use their own O.C.D. and simpleton psychology against them.Toss a few ""Scoobie snacks"" their way in the form of some lame♥♥♥♥♥""trading cards"" or ""achievements"" (O.C.D Awards) and they just cant wait to roll over.This game plays JUST LIKE the MOBILE GAMES i can (and have) get off the app store and run with an emulator FOR FREE or for ONE DOLLAR.FIVE dollars at FULL , &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥my wallet"", price.I can play boring♥♥♥♥♥♥like this off the app store and run on my PC with an mobile emulator FOR FREE ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.I usually mark crap like this as ""not interested"" and move on, this was an exception.I CAN BE BORED FOR FREE."
76561198086084884,Not Recommended,304650,25991593,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dr. Hilter Skilter,"I like rougelikes as much as the next loser, but a game that is supposed to be so heavily story driven has no business being one.  Add to that the fact that you have no choice about what actions to take when you start a charcter (unless you want to run out of money every time), and you get a grindy, clunky, unenjoyable experience.Also, what decent rougelike relies so heavily on money?"
76561198024270397,Not Recommended,304650,25887925,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Siollear,Ive never yawned more playing any other game in my life.
76561198046384695,Not Recommended,304650,29989918,Posted: 17 February,all,nightoftheend,terrible just terrible
76561197977109142,Not Recommended,304650,12712965,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,HawkwindScho,Furious that I bought the prooduct on the 27th only to have the price reduced on the 31st via HumbleBundle. Seems to haeppen to me every time I buy a game online.
,Recommended,304650,25837401,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Papa Odo,HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T
,Recommended,304650,30396074,Posted: 8 March,all,Centrophy,"I like this game. A lot.One thing though, play with something that will allow you to speed up gametime like CE. I play at 2x-5x speed and it is great.I'll be fleshing this review out later when I have some freetime but for now get it and play with a speedhack."
,Recommended,304650,30397106,Posted: 8 March,all,D$NIEL,"Took a few deaths and some reading to get into it, but I'm loving this game now."
,Recommended,304650,11105097,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Kohari,"Fantastic game, would absolutely recommend to anyone who has a bit of patience. It can be a little slow because of the nature of the game, but the story is great, the atmosphere is fantastic, and the overall concept is very entertaining. The game can be very challenging at times and I'd strongly advise against attempting to sail around the entire map early in the game like I did because your crew will mutiny and you will end up being eaten by sharks or killed by pirates if you aren't careful.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,304650,11113980,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mr.Moniker,"Painful seems too strong a word. Unforgiving? Yeah, let's roll with that.So far I've sunk about five hours into Sunless Sea, and I'm hooked for good - I love the direction this game is headed. It's delightfully creepy as you wander through the dark Zee, battling pirates and fleeing from horrors in the deep. The search for new and uncharted ports is just as engaging as the chance encounters you'll have on the ocean; one of my men swayed a god's favor our way by performing chants on the deck.And then it gets brutal.Murphy's Law strikes hard and fast on the Zee. If you're playing the game as it's meant to be played - that is, you sink and you're gone forever - a single roll of the dice can doom your whole crew. For instance, my engines overheated three times in less than ten seconds, even while they were off. The resulting fires killed over half of my crew, which left me piddling back to London at half-speed. This, naturally, made me an easy target for every pirate vessel within a dozen nautical miles. I didn't even make it halfway before I was cannoned straight to the bottom of the deeps.I love the exploration, but I hate the brutal and random nature of death that comes for you when you least expect it. Either way, I'm gonna keep zailing the Zee, if only to spite every angry god that sends another pirate crew my way."
,Recommended,304650,11114468,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sweet Zombie Jesus,"Ok, this is a damn good game. It isn't completed yet, but it is wonderful in ways I can't even begin to describe!"
76561198030965719,Recommended,304650,11115725,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,NerdyVampire,"So, you're considering purchasing Sunless Sea?Well, I hope you like reading, because much like this review, there will be a bunch of it. Luckily, the game has better writers than me. Now, what you will do in the game is steering a small ship around a vast black sea, with only some light to guide you, the music will accompany you and as the game progresses, you'll be drawn more and more in to the mysterious and monstrous atmosphere. Don't be afraid! Embrace it! BWAHAHAHA.Right now, you WILL run into unfinished content and holes in the story. You will see where the developers are going, but you might have to steer away from the big unfinished part of the map, south of London. That being said, the finished map is HUGE. Lots of space to explore, the islands are very intriquing, and each will make you want to revisit, in the hopes that something new has opened up.There are many different story elements to pursue and explore. At the same time, you need to manage fuel, supplies, hull damage and the monsters, who at this stage are a bit too easy in my opinion.You'll most likely die. Oh yeah, death is very real.So, do I recommend it?Hell yeah! This game is already awesome, and you'll get to see how awesome it will be once the holes have been filled out!Buy it. Buy it now. Delve into teh shadows, fight some monsters and unveil some mysteries!"
,Recommended,304650,11119094,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lofwyr,"This game is a lot of fun, and I highly recommend it to almost anyone. It plays in some way similar to FTL, but you are allowed much more time to explore. Beware though death and madness will come, maybe not this trip, but it will come. The writing is top notch, and for once I am actually reading through what happens with each quest instead of just clicking through. Although the game is in beta, it feels more complete then many games that just release. The combat, terror, and money making mechanics need some balancing to make long term play more interesting, but I gurantee you will not be bored with this game, nor will you regret buying it."
,Recommended,304650,11124152,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Harahamahara,"One of the few games to make me rage quit several times with many a ♥♥♥♥word. However, it's also one of the even fewer games that I have to keep playing, despite the frustration. I almost cheered aloud when I killed my first lifeberg with only four crew and almost depleted fuel and food. Worth it. (it didn't touch me, for the record, I lost the other four zailors in a fire.)Basically, it's challenging and addicting. The terror is palpable. The struggle is real. Plus, you're a fracking zee captain. Doesn't get any better than that."
,Recommended,304650,11126272,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Invader Trog,This game is great. Though in it's current version theres not a lot to do.
,Recommended,304650,11126643,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,RI_Zero,"Awesomely fun, even this early."
76561198055217121,Recommended,304650,11138107,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,roofedwig48,"Pretty enjoyable game;  little addictive to begin with, but wears of soon as you start to desire more storyline, places to visit and opportunities for profit through inter-Island trade. These elements are of course restricted by the really that this is an early-entry title, which is fine and doesn`t harm either the enjoyment or first impression of what is a very interesting game.  I look forward to the finished title"
76561198140045668,Recommended,304650,11139622,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,rmcginley1,I liked this game. A lot. It's still very early in it's making and it shows in the gameplay. But this game has magnificent roots in what could become the next powerhouse indie game on Steam. I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who has a sense of adventure or likes any sorts of RPG game.
76561198055191081,Recommended,304650,11141003,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Outsider,"Enjoyable game, but it lags so badly a lot of the time that its frustrating and takes away from the fun.I easily have more then the required specs, so whats up with that?"
76561198067733555,Recommended,304650,11241406,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Coo Shoe Shine,"This game has a great artistic style to it. The setting is very unique and new to my own gaming expierence, and I had trouble finding bordom from the game's imaginative elements. Unpredicable and hard to keep track of, this game offers gamers with rich statistics that need constant care of. It offeres a great challenge for me and I hope to see more content added in the future!"
76561197985212651,Recommended,304650,11135971,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Landeraxe,"Below was my negative review after less than five hours in the game.  After coming back to it, I found that I was just ignorant of the complexity and difficulty of the game.  Now I love it.It has gems of high adventure, but you have to work for them.  Once you fully understand combat and are able to freely roam about the map (and you accept that death is an ever-present threat; but one that can be navigated around if you keep your wits), you get a glimpse of the deper game, and have a lot more fun with it.It's not for everyone, but for those with a mind for such things, I highly recommend it.  I left my negatyive review below for those who might find it helpful (those who aren't willing to put work into a game).  BTW; bats are a gosdsend, and the best way to survive on the sea if one's supplies are running out (bat stew anyone?).----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------""I *love* Fallen London.  I really, really wanted this game to have the same feel.  Unfortunately, it lacks the depth, the writing, and, oddly enough, the sense of adventure Fallen London has.  You just sail around, get attacked by an endless flight of bats, feel like your making a little bit of progress when you get a few decent officers, and BOOM, get nailed by a ship or creature that you never had a chance against.There is SOME of the feel of Fallen London, when you have a lucky encounter while searching a port, but there is too little, and too much repetitive bat-combat.  And when you sail too far from home, impossible ships will catch and destroy you, forcing you to start the grind over from the beginning.Making money can be a serious chore as well.  I had read earlier versions had a chance of making money by trading goods from port to port.  However, all of the trading routes earlier posts described have been changed such that this is no longer possible; at least from any port I can survive getting to.  To make money now, it seems you have to follow the admirality board missions (which are fine until the fourth or fifth mission sends you on a suicide run), or to grind pirate pinnace combat; which barely pays for the supplies, food necessary to hunt down these scoundrels.I hope this game sees some real changes before it is finished.  We need more of what makes Fallen London so entertaining, and less repetitive combat."""
,Recommended,304650,11276727,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sneakypunch,Creepy steampunk horror adventure.  Even in late beta this game is worth your time.  More content to come!! May the stars light your way back to London.
,Recommended,304650,11516430,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Parker,"This game is a whole lot of fun if you like roguelikes. The sea (or ""zee"" as it's called in-universe) is not procedurally generated, but the quests therein are. One of the main problems is one that I also had with FTL, where a lot of playthroughs consist of fighting to keep your resources up as they slowly dwindle, but that sort of comes with the territory of the genre. There are a few balance issues, and I think that enemies scale much too quickly as you get away from the starting port, but that will likely be fixed in future updates to this promising Early Access game"
76561198029610314,Recommended,304650,12193759,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mankind,"""Go insane. Eat your crew."" Never before has a game's tagline held so true. Or so delicious."
,Recommended,304650,12161858,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,tnash,"Still in Alpha and constantly changing, but if you liked Fallen London you will love the plot aspect of Sunless Sea. If you have not played Fallen London, you are mad, go Google it now... it's the best browser game around at the moment."
,Recommended,304650,11269263,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,E_Monni,"Finally someone makes a game that I really like. Totally worth it already. I like the pace, I don't mind the difficulty in games. This one could be a bit harder and I would like it even more. I hope they will add much more content even when the game is complete, like different stories and paths to ""victory"".Music is great, the atmosphere awesome and it looks good. So far the story gets you hooked... perhaps the only thing that is a bit weak is repetition in fights, could be that still not aware of all possibilites what you can do in them. And the trading feels a bit ""not there yet"". But all in all, very very very nicely done!!!! Had kinda lost faith in that anyone would make these types of games anymore, thank you! :)"
,Recommended,304650,11931256,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Tootsmcpoots,"What can i say about this game... Well first off, the writing is absolutly amazing. It follows very true to the Fallen London game. Its enthralling, with just the right amount creepy that Fallon London had. Second off... IT'S INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT... but that right amount of difficult where it is fun, just like Don't Starve. It is a challenging and fun to play game. Would love to see more from the creators."
76561198013588868,Recommended,304650,12003139,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,V | Ridge,"One of the most atmospheric games i've played in years. The whole feeling of being a captain on a tiny ship in the middle of a huge dark ocean filled with monsters, in combination with the great soundtrack and exceptional writing makes for a really immersive experience. And albeit this only being a beta the content so far took me about 13 hours to complete (not counting the deaths which there were quite a few of - the difficulty is nothing to laugh at). The only part which feels a little weak when compared to the rest of the game is the ship combat: Although the creatures and enemies have very nice artwork, which fits in quite well with the rest of the game, the combat system (which is card based at the moment) can get a bit repetitive. But as of now i've heard news about a big update being in the works concerning that particular flaw. Overall strongly recommended!"
,Recommended,304650,12116466,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,NotchBeard,"First let me say, I realize this game is still in development so these comments are meant to be feedback not crticism.Positives#1 The Artwork. The world of Sunless Sea is truly wondrous to behold. I find myself sailing over the next horizon just to get glympse of the next islands artistic representation.#2 Innovative Leveling. At first I was sure there was no leveling system, until I realized you could spend secrets to increase stats. Fragments are basically experience points which can only be obtained from exploration and truly learning about the world.#3 Hilarious Story Lines. Particularly the one with the Guinea Pigs and the Rats. Nearly brought me to tears imagining the story that unfolds involving them. Also some of the superstitions your sailors have can get more than a chuckle out of me.Negatives#1 Micro Management. Too much. I love this kind of thing and I feel that even I am being pushed to my limit. Between Fuel, Food, Crew, Terror and Money there is never a moment where I can think about exploring without focusing on monetary gain.#2 Shopless Ports. I understand that you want to create a desire to return to Fallen London but the Shipyard and Terror debuff are enough for this. More ports need to have varying prices for goods so that the aspiring merchant can trade port to port.#3 OMG BATS. Sometimes, just sometimes... I HATE BAT SWARMS!!! On a trip from Whither to Fallen London my crew mutinied. Put us down to 3 men and the ship could only move at half speed. I kid you not, we were attacked by 1 pirate ship and... 29 Bat Swarms... 29!!! I don't know if it was purely bad luck but that needs to stop, it literally filled my hold with bats lol.Overall, this will be a GREAT GAME!!! Just remember, it may be a bit frustrating while in this development stage. I'm sure it will be fine tuned by its true launch."
76561198094104077,Recommended,304650,11941981,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,achillies665,The game is good so far but theres some serious grinding to it early on.
76561198127690533,Recommended,304650,12066492,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,conski.mcgoo,"A truely great game. I brought this after playing Fallen London for a day (a must play if you like this game, lets you get the feel of it). I had no expectations and considering I have a rule not to spend more than £10 on a game, £15 on a game I did not know the quality of seemed risky.I am so glad I took that risk.Ladolf Poopenshnizer, Street Urchin. Killed by PiratesLardin Ponde, Veteran. Killed by same pirates.Pippy Longstockings, Street urchin. Killed by scarey warship.Christigold Walker, Natural Philosopher. Lost his mind, ate his crew.Its beautiful just how many ways I seem to lose this game... I Love it.When not dying the story is rich an beautiful, the graphics are just what I wanted and the steampunkish Lovecraftian theme screams ""play me over and over again!""I also have this nasty habit of cursing the gods.. It hasn't ended well so far.P.S To the reviewer Spirit, your review pretty much convinced me to buy this game. Thanks"
76561198059896146,Recommended,304650,21407042,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Wat,"Brilliant artwork, exceptionally dark and scrumptuous gothic writing, compelling stories and characters, and a unique take on naval gameplay, I'm looking forward to anything else Failbetter Games has for us"
,Not Recommended,304650,29974733,Posted: 16 February,all,Serostasis,"5/10. And that's being generous, because the atmosphere is lavish.This game plays like a GRINDY (and I repeat, GRINDY af) text-based adventure game from the 90's. You know, the kind where they inflated CONTENT with GRIND just to keep you playing? (Darkest Dungeon is very simliar in that regard.)The voayges just are NOT dangerous or exciting enough to justify playing this game. Is there a giant monstrous crab looming in the distance, blocking your path? No worries, gradually move around it. Problem solved. Do you want to embark on dangerous missions and earn a hefty profit? Sorry. But you CAN make a 10% profit on your investment while watching your ship crawl back and forth for 10 hours in real time, hauling stone.He ll, this game would actually be a lot more enjoyable if it played more like the oregon trail at sea, with random events that were actually difficult (most of the random events in this game involve you having nightmares, which are easily remedied).If you enjoy staring at a gray blob gradually creeping across a gigantic black map, and testing your own personal sanity with extreme boredom while doing so, then this is the game for you."
76561198107354104,Recommended,304650,21419717,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Grimm_Man,"Expansive, clever, funny, unsettling, strange, and a lot of fun. This is a game for those with patience and those who don't mind reading. If you don't mind reading or slow exploration, and the trailers appeal to you, then I would highly recommend this game. (It can be hard too. That's where the patience will comes in handy)"
76561198065525340,Recommended,304650,21364365,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fudski,"Sunless Sea is a story based game and it has a lot of stories. The sailing is quite nice and relaxing (until you and your crew loose your minds from fear haha) One of the best things about this game is just exploring, sailing off into the unknow (and dealing with whatever happens) If your going to focus on grinding to make money you wont have fun. Sunless Sea is not an easy game when you first play it and its very challenging but it's imensly fun!"
76561198228996764,Recommended,304650,21380283,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Eroticow,"Oh my gosh, boy did failbetter games deliver. I played fallen london for a while and loved it, and this game is even better. but if you own and like this game you should check out fallen london, its free, text based and provides so much backstory for sunless sea, as well as being the best text based game, in my humble apinion"
76561197995926915,Recommended,304650,21416501,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Red Bar,MLG READING SIMULATOR 2k15
76561198050348010,Recommended,304650,21436903,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Geistenberger,Absolutely amazing and tense game.
,Recommended,304650,21492570,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tablis,"The first time I sat down to this game on a Saturday morning, I ended up playing it for over 14 hours straight. This has not happened to me in a long while now. Imagine Lovecraft's eldritch, cosmic, non-anthropocentric horror combined with the cheery absurdity of Pratchett, and all this in an environment of Victorian steampunk. The Fallen London setting is marvelous, imaginative and compelling. The same should be said of the actual writing itself, although as a direct side effect of this, one requires a really good command of the English language to fully appreciate the subtleties utilised within. The vocabulary is often baroque and antiquated, but it feels only right.This is mostly a choose-your-adventure novel with significant RPG elements and a side of trading/exploration (sadly, the trading is not profitable enough to be worthwhile). Be aware that there's not that much combat, when it does happen it's fairly basic and you'll spend a lot of time trying to avoid it anyway. Struggling against hunger, fear and empty fuel tanks all at the same time seems like a hopeless effort at first. But as you probe and learn the game mechanics and memorise opportunities connected to particular locations, it soon becomes manageable.I feel forced to rag on the pacing, which is probably the game's biggest flaw. It is glacial. And it threatens to scuttle most new players' opinion of the game as if it were the Lifeberg in front of the Titanic. The back and forth travel between ports feels like filler of the worst kind after a while. Consumables are sort of expensive and don't last long. Money is very hard to come by, even with the most advanced strategies. I ended up running the Curator's Quest on several throwaway captains and retiring with 2x50% cash legacies just so I could have enough Echos for ONE. PROPER. GAME. Anyone who knows what that means will also know how long that took. That is very bad design at no fault of my own. So there you are, pinching every penny and Fragment for the exploration Ambition. And then some horrible, unavoidable randomness decides to come along, for example the Curse of Salt. And you are forced to throw away 7 Secrets lest the curse run its unacceptable course and threaten your double legacy, thus your cash nest egg. Nope. This is not my first roguelite, but the game's slow pace makes any and all such setbacks particularly aggravating."
76561198020688173,Recommended,304650,17716508,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Boba Fatt,Frustrating and demanding.  You will curse and you will laugh.  You must make a will.
76561197990236410,Not Recommended,304650,17687441,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Edison,"I love the gameplay, but I've now encountered the same bug twice where my save ended up corrupted and unrecoverable, even from the backup that support pointed me to :("
76561198000710280,Recommended,304650,17700222,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MonkeyHarris,Recommended but its acquired taste
,Recommended,304650,17539789,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sam Mobe,"A really amazing, very atmospheric game with unique and captivating storytelling!10/10 Recommended!"
76561198070561647,Recommended,304650,16691596,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gekkostates of America,"Sunless Sea can honestly be compared to Dark Souls, in that every move you make must be carefully calculated in order to prevent disaster. Play your cards right, and with a bit of luck, you'll find success. Play your cards wrong, however, and you lose everything. Even with the occasional saving grace that you might have built up sailing around and talking to the right people, your odds of succeeding are always low.Like Dark Souls, however, when you finally do succeed, the reward is gratifying. Finally finding your objective in the dark underzee, and managing to fight tooth and nail back to Fallen London for reward is be extremely satisfying. And soon, the hunger for adventure out in the zee returns.The difference between these two games, though, is that whenever you fail in Dark Souls it is entirely your fault. You learn from your mistakes when you venture out again. In Sunless Sea, it's not always your own mistakes that lead to failure. As satisfying as it can be to finally find a location where your objective is, it's just as frustrating if your literal shots in the dark are fruitless. And the more often you return to Fallen London empty handed, the more difficult it is to keep your adventure going.That being said, the story in the game is wonderful. You make it entirely your own. From giving your character a name and silhouette, to choosing an ultimate objective, to meeting new people and customizing your ship. And while I think there should be more basic ships that you can buy, the options are pretty varied. The atmosphere is set by the wonderful score, and the little pop-ups that determine the mood of your ship, shipmates, and you--the captain--and it adds beautifully to the entire experience.So, while it can be frustratingly unfair at times, it's the kind of game that demands time and planning, and ultimately, warrants success."
,Not Recommended,304650,17174215,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Alturis,An interesting break from the ordinary but I was somewhat disappointed at the level of attention this title gave toward presentation of its story elements. It seems to be all about discovery and the exploration of story points yet the way you interact with the story points feels quite clunky. Its limited to clicking on log panel buttons and reading paragraphs that don't flow well and often you have to scan the text to pickup where you left off or identify which part of the story you are supposed to be reading now.While sitting in port and discovering story (which is a majority of your time spent in this game) it should be front and center and given more attention and logical flow.
76561198093859628,Recommended,304650,17062237,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,skivington96,It is a fun game with some action but there is a largae amount reading the lore and the backstories of the crew you take on which can intiate quests and the decisions you make can have a lasting effect on the captain you made those decisions with. You will at some point lose but it isn't a major issue just set up and set out again with a variety of backgrounds to pick from. Finally the atmosphere of the entire game is spooky with the harbors being safer than the zee but not fully safe.
,Recommended,304650,17215302,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Derk,"Let me ask you a question. Have you ever been to Ry'leth? No? Then another question. Who's to say the lords and commoners of Ry'leth have not visted us? Sunless Sea puts you in the mindset of story based objectives facing off against monsters and humans with large walls of texts, numbers, witts with only you and your ship making the best living that you can in the space between earth and hell (no litterally, that's where we're talking about). Random generation ensures a slightly different experience each time if not similar with objectives."
76561198002146407,Not Recommended,304650,17168719,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,jon.hartmann,"The setting is neat, and the basic gameplay is OK... but this game looses its charm after about 30 minutes. It is brutally hard to do anything, money is scarce and the whole system aims to have you die and pass on information to your next character... except that you never manage to pass on enough to the next guy to make a difference and since you always start out in the same place with the same money doing the same things... it just gets repeatative.Nice theme and setting, terrible game play."
76561198085705908,Recommended,304650,17188405,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Slippery Salamander,One of my all time favorite games. the immersion this game creates is sensational. Endless sense of adventure giving you the true sense of adventure. Also you can ♥♥♥♥ your crew members..
76561198039627041,Recommended,304650,17192055,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,trevok,What I really like about this game is the diversity of ways to play it.You can sail around killing pirates and monsters and sell the loot.You can focus on trading goods and make piles of money.You can follow specific storylines and play out specific adventures.Or you can sail around aimlessly and do whatever tickles your fancy.
76561198064402180,Recommended,304650,17521696,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,SeekerSneak,excellent game with loads of replayability. Definate must buy.
,Recommended,304650,17561215,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BatLam,"An immersive experience right down to the last detail. The environment offers warrentless and unceasing exploration options, yet preseneted in a claustraphobic and cloistering manner.A rich lore and a steep learning curve has brought hours of ceaseless enjoyment."
,Recommended,304650,17609837,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,COW,The atmosphere is to die for.
76561198138563571,Recommended,304650,17591100,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,FastTroll,"This game made me play it for 40 hours in a row and then happened the unspeakable, unthinkable, terrifying... no, I can't tell you about such things, there are no words that can describe the deep ancient horror"
,Recommended,304650,16566778,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,Keep getting told that I will die a lot but I haven't died yet. False advertising. Psh.
,Recommended,304650,16530472,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cthulhu,"At first, this was a game I'd grabbed while on sale out of boredom. I found that this is actually one of my favorite games now. The story constantly builds as you progress into your zee adventure, with odd twists and challenges at every turn.10/10 would Zee again."
76561198037609752,Not Recommended,304650,16370309,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sublime Scent,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just couldn't. The pacing is extremely slow, and the gameplay just isn't fun enough to justify the perma death aspect of the game. Unless you are very patient, story driven and very very interested in the Lovecraftian theme, this just isn't for you. I say again, the pacing is VERY slow."
,Recommended,304650,16371312,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aaryn,A great and challenging Lovecraftian game of exploration and risk.
76561197970457995,Recommended,304650,16372053,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Poops McGee,"If you love the lovecraftian play style games, you will like it. The storelines are very well crafted and leaves much to wonder and imagination. Which sets the stage for the anxiety. lol"
76561198096332825,Recommended,304650,18866431,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,(blank),Fun and terror... but mostly terror
76561198014639976,Recommended,304650,18885156,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Airinnann,"The game is a wonderful exploration experiance with a good touch of rouge like elements changing each time you die and continue or start a new run. While the combat is a little clunky at times or difficult to get really pumped with, the decisions and story telling aspects of the game make it a wonderful narrative that will have you praying to RNJesus for favors. Deffinately worth a buy if you are a player of Fallen London or interested in C'thulu mythos."
,Recommended,304650,18965257,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Darthriordan,"I've barely scratched the surface with this game but I love it already. The atmosphere, the art, everything about it helps to set the right ""Lovecraftian"" mood. I know I've only been playing for a short time but it is the only game I have right now (of 80) that I am continually excited to play."
76561198012854670,Recommended,304650,18963154,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,FelCros,"Moby CthuluThis is, essentially, a well written Lovecraftian sea faring tale. It just happens to be a video game. The game, itself, is a sort of Oregon Trail meets Elite 2d trading/combat/exploration game, and it works. It's pretty tightly balanced, and random enough to keep each playthrough novel. But really, this isnt about the 'game'. Its about the story. The astounding, horrible, spectacular events that befall you on the Unterzee are genuinely interesting. Even after several replays, at which point the repitition of said events gets regrettably familiar, one finds oneself continually pushing outward, farther into the weird and often terrifying ports of call."
,Recommended,304650,18843222,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,๖ۣۜBassianus | blw.tf,"SUNLESS SEA - Live, Die(t), Repeat.What do I say about this game? Its a game where you trying to survice and thrive in an underground sea, with your main harbour being Fallen London, and you will die... you will die alot, or maybe not, depends on how quick you learn. Once one character dies, that character is DEAD. You have to make another character, or should I say Sea Captain. This next Captain can inheriate something from that last character, I think depending on how far you get and what you achive with the last Sea Captain depends on how much you can inheriate.You want to take it slowly, and not go head first into battles or the darkness unprepared. Cause you may blow your engines and lose fuel / food. You may become to terrorified. You may run out of food. You may run out of fuel and become stranded. So, keep it at a steady pace and move along slowly. Taking on simple jobs and missions (with no markets by the way, you need to find them by your self) and slowly getting better.9 / 10Neyeyenyeneyeye!"
76561198019202529,Recommended,304650,18772568,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,jade.wayfarer,"One of the games that I can call a masterpiece without any hesitation. Everything about it is so alien, and yet so compelling, that I've really lost myself in it for three nights, and I don't even remember when I did that last time. Half of my emotions were ""How did they even thought of that? I am grossed, I am delighted, and I absolutely have to go on"". After finishing this game for the second time I've found out that the word ""madness"" was meaning much more to me than when I started playing.So, for anyone looking for a really touching experience this game is worth at least trying. For everyone else - well, it got nice graphics and pretty good soundtrack too. But believe me, all of it will matter much less when the winds of the zee will come for you, whispering hungrily."
,Recommended,304650,18821185,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"I was behind this on since it’s days on Steam Greenlight. Sunless Sea is dark, rogue-like exploration RPG from Failbetter Games. Let’s get rocking.The GoodSunless Sea features a delightful plethora of Lovecraftian themes. This alone (assuming you’re a fan of Lovecraft) should be enough to make you want to play the game.The initial combat system left a lot to be desired, but those were the days of the beginning of early access. Since then, the combat has been streamlined into real time and allows for constant movement and maneuvering. Needless to say, it is a vast improvement over the old system.Exploring the Unterzee in your vessel is always a good time. Whether your dumping a few hours into the game or just looking to kill a few minutes doing something other than beating your head against the wall in boredom. You’ll always find something out around Fallen London to entertain (or frighten) you.The artwork is outstanding. It was the first thing about the game that really made me fall in love with it. You can see for yourself in the trailer. Everything has had a lot of detail and care put into it and it really shows through in the finished product.The soundtrack is, likewise, awesome. From sea shanties to pleasant melodies, there is always a tune to accompany you on your voyaging through the Zee.The developer is one of the best out there in my opinion. They provide regular updates to the game (even now that it has left early access), the listen to their fans, and they are passionate about making their game the best that it can be.Did I mention that you can cannibalize your crewmen or make your crewman cannibalize their fellows? Yeah, that’s a thing. And it’s brilliant.The BadThe old combat system is about the only bad thing I can think of when it comes to Sunless Sea. But, that is long since a thing of the past.The MehOnce again, I’ve got nothing to say in this category.Verdict: YeaIf you haven’t played Sunless Sea, you should very much consider picking it up and sinking some serious hours into it. It’s well worth the price and, in my opinion, can quickly become one of the best games in any collection. I’m pretty sure it is on sale right now for the Steam Halloween Sale too. As always, thanks for reading."
76561198020688389,Not Recommended,304650,18821315,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lovedbythepotato,"Was hoping for a Chutullu-like Pirates! spin-off but game mechanics are too hard or too confusing. Trying to read quest lines using the tiny interface will strain your eyes, pinning notes or markers on the map is not possible, game economy makes it very hard to buy new ships (might be because of my game style), and so forth. What made me play for 10 hours was the writing but you can get more of that at Fallen London anyhow."
,Recommended,304650,18852119,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MapHazard,"A masterpiece. This game is one of the best written and most immersive roleplaying horror games I've ever played, and the soundtrack is incredible. 10/10."
,Recommended,304650,18847036,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Portal Pony,"Fun gama with a amazing storyline and not too hard, but deffently has some difficulty to it"
76561198063888514,Recommended,304650,18844659,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Skreet Deet,"Delightful, terrifying, a zesty tale of the zee"
,Recommended,304650,18479733,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Fuckyeahrabbit,"I will never be able to ""un-love"" Fallen London and Failbetter Games in general. I downloaded the game as soon as it launched and I don't regret it. It can be time consuming, but never have I played any other games with such rich dialogue and story line. It has a well developed back story thanks to Fallen London, and for those of you that have not played that (FREE!!!) game, I highly recommend you do so immediately."
76561198111460867,Recommended,304650,18469395,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,risky.ashtreehouse,"I originally gave this game a 'Not Recommended' review because, like others, I got totally cheesed-off with losing ship after ship without making any real progress into the allegedly-great stories.That was when I was playing it 'as intended', ie, without making my own save-games.I have to say that giving up on this and switching to 'Merciful Mode' has utterly transformed my experience of this game and turned it from a source of anger and frustration into a real delight.If, like I was, you're hating it, switch to 'merciful' and have another go.I now love the game, and WOULD actually recommend it."
76561198060909360,Recommended,304650,18531472,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Micha,"Very scary, beautiful made, interesting & funny stories. Great game."
76561198074169873,Recommended,304650,18499829,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,skeeter,"What can I say about Sunless Sea?  To begin with the writing is sublime, any fan of an intelligent interractive experience will love this game.  The mysteries of this game suck you in and the difficulty is not for the faint of heart. I have not played a more rewarding game in years.  Please give this one a try.  You will not regret it! 5/5"
,Recommended,304650,18493341,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Infrared Crusader Priest,"160 hours trying to get Pigmote to declare independance and I still still lose every single roll on that island AND ONLY THAT ISLAND. I'VE GOT THE DREADNAUGHT AND MY OWN NATION, AND THE RATS STILL CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO BUILD A ♥♥♥♥ING WALL. Great game 10/10 would run saphires across the zee again."
,Recommended,304650,30561433,Posted: 16 March,all,wendymichellee,SERIOUSLY DOPE!
76561198132460314,Recommended,304650,16633710,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,aardvarkpepper,"Oddly compelling.  But after hours of playing this game -You die quite a lot (which is a part of the game's charm) at first.  But after you know what to do, it's all quite easy and repetitive.Hopefully later DLC will address the core issues of lack of replayability.I have played for 196+ hours and will probably play more just to finish the achievements, plus even more hours to keep the guide I wrote up to date as new content is added (but the new content never really changes the core gameplay) - but really, most of that is simply repeitive grinding.On the balance, if you can get the game cheap then I think it's certainly worth looking at.  Otherwise, the lack of replayability may be an issue."
76561197978632187,Recommended,304650,30562153,Posted: 16 March,all,mickdangerous,Lovethe different roles and game play. Once you crack the way to earn money the games become a little to easy.Very enjoyable
76561198117841126,Recommended,304650,18117068,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Rocket Man,The alarming scholar sponsored my whole trip around the zee. THANKS SCIENCE
76561198031238056,Recommended,304650,14441573,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,wesleymck,"Really enjoy this game, alot of replayability. And love that when you die you get to carry over something toyour next character. You will die, the game is difficult but it will get you hooked."
,Recommended,304650,14487295,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,VeryCoolCat,"Quite a really hard game despite its casual appearance.  Dark, and grimy and you can easily screw everything up where its a struggle to just make ends meet.  The stories albeit a bit bland but the dark steampunk style atmosphere is pretty cool.  Was definitely worth it.  Its despite the gameplay being nothing alike the top down perspective of sid meiers pirates except with a arcanum style feel, storyline and difficulty."
76561197989688856,Recommended,304650,14491677,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Netscape Navigator,"If you love creative and compelling narative and don't mind reading, this is the game for. It has such an amazing atmosphere to it. Even the time where you're plodding along in the dark running from island to island is filled with a low level of suspense. Constantly watching your fuel and food (well, if you don't consider your crew to be food I suppose) and hoping you planned it out well enough to survive.It's hard to make your fortunes in this game but that's okay, dying can be part of a really interesting story here too.This is one of the gems in my Steam collection."
76561197993223090,Recommended,304650,14523218,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PolybiusNOW,"This is the kind of game that after playing it for a few hours, you realize that your motivations and experiences paint a picture of so many classic elements of fiction (indeed, non-fiction) without stating so in boldface type.""That old sailor... he drinks to forget the terrors."" You'll do this.""They say he made a deal with... unseemly forces."" You can.""Legends say that in their greatest time of need, captains plead to old gods and make unspeakable sacrifice..."" I did. It was a mess.The mechanics of the game that produce these outcomes are sublte and anxiety ridden at the same time.Even something that can be seen as a flaw in design might be one of the greatest features: the game has a somewhat randomly generated map, but some elements are in fixed locations and others are always in generally the same area. As a captain on the Zee, you may have read or heard of locations but some non-trivial groping in the dark is required to find them. This may sound simple, but here's the biggest thing: setting sail without a good set of objectives is a death sentence. It may not be a sudden death, but you'll end up in a bad way if you think you can just sally forth with some coal and a couple of boxes of SPAM."
,Recommended,304650,14524555,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,democles_pl,"So it has the interesting storylines from Fallen London which I love. Good options in them.It *feels* though that they replaced the limited actions you can perform daily in Fallen london with a grindy sailing mini game. Once you've died a few times you can get the hang of managing Terror and Fuel/Supplies.That's basically it. If you're familiar with Fallen London it's that with a diff time/action management system. Can't decide if I actually like it yet. I like the story but the grind gets old. Fast. If you dig a simple supply/usage system running around and trying to push it to the best efficiency that might be a positive for you, however I found the complete restart after death far to frustrating to push it too hard.I guess try Fallen London and see if you story grabs you?"
76561197987532419,Recommended,304650,14510420,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,alexlimonov,"This game is not really a roguelike. It's also not an FTL clone (though I have never played FTL...enough time was wasted on Youtube for me to know). It's an open-world RPG dressed up as these things because they're ""cool"" with the kind of people who read RPS and Eurogamer, whereas Skyrims and Dragon Ages are not as ""cool,"" even if grudgingly acknowledged as fun.So, why is it an open-world RPG? It's open world because once Captain N is extruded from the character regeneration device (there's permadeath, but with inheritance), you are free to sail to the farthest reaches of the zee (the sea is what surfacers sail), with no pretense of a plot. Or, rather, no pretense of a MAIN plot. You know, the pile of overwrought, hyperheroic narrative garbage that nobody who plays Elder Scrolls games normally bothers with. There is seemingly a trillion and a half of minor plots, however, which, while not entwined, work together to bring a sense of immersion and wonder I haven't experienced since Morrowind's wall map landed in the hands of my impressionable teenage self.This open world is, indeed, very similar to Morrowind, but thankfully with much better writing (this is the only game where writing intended to be funny made me chortle slightly). There are major and minor powers suspended in a precarious power balance - you a representative of Fallen London, but there are many others, much stranger, and not all human. It's deliberately weird, almost like a pleasant nightmare. The weirdness is coherent and viscous. There is a sense of wonder and genuine exploration. Surprisingly, despite its cartoonish 2D, the game can make you feel genuine dread, because the friendlier the port is, the more likely it is to be inhabited by eldritch horrors. And then there are giant crabs (a source of knowledge and smoked meats). If you liked Morrowind, you will love this setting, built from elements of fantasy, mythology and steampunk.That it is an RPG is rather obvious. You have stats (determined during character creation), traits (determined mostly through choices), items (ship, equipment, supplies and ""curiosities"") and even a party (your officers). The stats, together with luck, determine outcomes of stories (which are often unlocked, and bestow, traits). The stats are improved by experience (""secrets"" in game jargon), which directly correlates with your effort at exploration, both on sea and on land. The party is there to enhance your stats, but they also come with their own stories, and romance possibilities because that's now a traditional element of RPGs, thanks to Bioware.The boat...movement gameplay outside of stories is solid. This is not a boat simulator or a strategy game. It's a narrative-driven RPG. So, no, you won't be manually computing your targeting solution, because you're not playing Silent Hunter. It's also not the most exciting arcade game in the world. It does its job and possibility of combat against some zea monster maintains the necessary tension at zee. This is also not a trading game, though profitable trade routes exist, if you insist on grinding your way to riches. It's a game of exploration and adventure, heavily driven by walls of text. If you don't like walls of text, this game won't change your mind. Nevertheless, the resource management bits are a strong point, because lack of supply and crew morale (which the game, appropriately, measures on an inverse scale as ""terror"") often influence your decisions on land.Of course, the only other part of gameplay are ""choose your own adventure""-style port stories. Surprisingly, these elevate an otherwise basic game to glory. First, wrap your head around this revelation - all cRPGs (except, maybe, Crusader Kings 2, because wargame-y parts intervene) are basically ""choose your own adventure""-style stories. They may be rendered in photorealistic 3D, but the ""choice"" almost often comes down to selecting A or B, with predetermined outcomes. And this is in games like Dragon Age or Mass Effect, which the press worships like a Golden Calf because they're not literally just Call of Duty with more intelligent cutscenes. Thankfully, the Sunless Sea is down from the mountain (or up from the cave?) to cast down the false gods. The same choices may yield different outcomes depending on your situation, stats, and luck. Sometimes, the same ""quest"" is not the same - there's a ""fetch quest"" at the beginning which appears to have different follow-ups every time. Quest lines are dynamic, evolving while you're at sea and outcomes of these quests influence gameplay.In sum, it's a fantastic narrative-focused RPG with a rich, weird world, solid, if basic, gameplay mechanics and profound, clever writing. Buy it, play it, read it, die in it, then repeat."
,Recommended,304650,14384256,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rifoss,"""General Tiberatum ventured forth into the Sunless Sea, with his crew and officers on board, and the mechanical safety of a very large deck gun. He was sure to beat the legacy of his predecessor, and find Gaider's Mount in his very first adventure.""Not only a beautifully done world; fleshed out with interesting characters and overall world design. Sunless Sea is a pleasure of the mind. Every text flows with beautiful descriptions and often witty writing. There is no such pleasure than to spend long minutes just reading the text upon text about the Sunless Sea.However, if you're not much of the reading type. There is not much else going for this game. Though I feel that the overall design and gameplay elements are functional, that alone is not enough to sell the game. As an avid reader, I love just pouring over the text and building my lore about this world. Not just that, but I take pleasure in fleshing out my own characters with their own ""play style"" and making stories of the sunless sea on my own.There are moments of pure tension, running from one corner of the map to another with the fuel ticking down. Also moments of subtle humor as you encounter engineer rats looking to make a few money. All of which are cohesively tied together with beautiful writing on the developer's part.But if you don't like reading too much, don't get this game."
76561198119397207,Recommended,304650,14549134,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Chef Rangoon,Great game although it can be a little slow at times. You will often find yourself just fighting to stay alive and praying to whatever gods you haven't angered that you'll make it back to port with your treasure.
,Recommended,304650,14554520,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SilentKnight,This game is a spooky combination of Wind Waker's expansive sailing and unsettling Lovecraftian tales10/10
,Recommended,304650,14574222,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Blythe,"Will keep this relatively short and sweet.Pros:* Excellent writing, best described as ""abstract Victorian sea-horror""* Reasonable as a rogue-lite if not using Merciful Mode* Good atmosphere* Interesting art--the maps and backgrounds are particularly lovely.* Some gameplay tie-ins if you play the free browser game 'Fallen London'* Good soundtrackCons:* Pacing isdreadful.* Needs a more in-depth trading system--trading system as it stands is meh, and it's not a good way to make money.* Replay value mediocre--there's only so many quests and only so many plots* Money (called Echoes) grinding is a must and is time-consuming, which takes away from the time you could be spending on the good stories in the game.Overall--8.5/10, I deeply enjoy it. It has its flaws, but this is not a game I play for the mechanics. The mechanics function enough to let me enjoy the writing and atmosphere. Buy it if you're into reading, stories, and weird existential horror. Don't buy it if you're a gamer who tends to like more mechanics focused or statistics focused games--you would find it a let-down."
76561198046638861,Recommended,304650,14575575,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Circlechange,"This beautiful masterpiece of a game never ceases to amaze me.On your voyages you will perhaps meet: squid people, dead people wrapped like mummies, evil sea snakes, eels, Salt (you don't want to meet that fellow), London academics, lost souls, cats, lots of cats, militant ninja Nuns, Hell, the Sun, and more!The storytelling is masterful."
76561198010412079,Recommended,304650,14575927,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[TO]Morlok,"Great game.Not sure how to praise this game without ruining it...The game got great story elements, its fun, its dfifferent, just play it :P"
76561198066642453,Recommended,304650,14577359,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,WITCHES,"I don't know how best to describe this game, but I love it."
76561198017158544,Recommended,304650,14578016,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Nightjaw,"Fascinating game. The atmosphere is great, gameplay is a little tricky but not too bad. If you like stories, and love reading, this is probably for you."
,Recommended,304650,14569858,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Darvius,"Amazing game. One of the best combinations of writing, sounds and graphics I've ever seen. I can't express how much I liked this game. At first, you'll feel a little lost but after a few ""lives"", you'll know what to expect but that's when the magic happens: This game have so much content, you'll find yourself passing ten time a city/place/enemy without knowing 100% of what there is to know.BUT... You NEED to know how to read. Seriously. There are a lot of elements that you can skip-read but the soul of the game lies in the way every dialog is written. It's an amazing job, an work of art that a lot of games simply won't have in a thousand years. The game express itself through words and unless you read at least part of it, it'll be just a shallow indie-rogue-like game with a nice soundtrack.Go ahead, explore, have a child, a new boat... It's a huge and dark world out there but you'll love it for sure."
,Not Recommended,304650,14570439,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cronus,"A beautiful game with a cool world.  I really liked the idea of this game, unfortunately the execution left a lot to be desired.  The speed of the game was far too slow.  I put 8 hours into the game, most of it with two captains and overall am unsatisfied.  It was far too repetitive and required most of my time spent going across the map to have one or two encounters while running away from 5 more, then go all the way back to repair.  Rinse and repeat to read a little fun, well written flavor text."
,Recommended,304650,14482415,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,m0s,"Awesome game. Ambient, lights, music, story, gameplay, difficulty, resource management.... everything is in there. Sunless Sea is a game about exploring an inhabited underground sea. And dying, of course. Be it a giant eye or by starvation, you will have hard time to keep your fuel and resources and go somewhere useful. But when you discover an interesting place, the sensation of self-accomplishment is hardly matched by any other game.The low points of the game are some annoying not-fixed bugs (no game-breakers though) and no Linux version. Really, we're on 2015, Steam Machines are incoming, but no Linux version. But hey, here's a Mac version, if anybody even uses that overrated, over-expensive crap from Apple."
,Recommended,304650,14532598,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wumpert,"I have enjoyed the game, and that statement was hard won. The early game is very slow and borderline tedious until you get the hang of the mechanics. If you get past that and figure out how the world works, the game offers a very interesting world, interesting characters, and excellent story telling. A good game for someone willing to work around the barely-fun mechanics (such as combat and trading) to get to the story. The game actually occasionally makes me feel something, which is impressive on it's own. A genuine uneasy feeling from an island of soul stealing monkeys? Yes please."
76561198066466561,Recommended,304650,14534901,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,danjamstan,"Don't listen to the stupid haters who never got into the illegal sunlight market, and therefore died repeatedly until they cried. I'd agree that this game isn't roguelike and if you're dying all the time it would get very repetitive. The stories from island to island never change, so it's like rereading the pages of a book you just read 10 minutes ago. I played with saves my first run and had a great time putting 40ish hours into a save without beating it. Playing without saves now and still seems like there's a lot I didn't do my first playthrough. This game is basically a book with a minigame inbetween that takes you from chapter to chapter."
76561198007371072,Recommended,304650,14536812,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sleepysmoo5000,"I have learned.I have heard the song the sisters sing. I have heard where it leads. I have seen the end of a tale too long.I have learned.I have sailed to the Isle of Cats. I have discovered Red Honey, and the horrific truth that lurks behind its sweet taste.I have worn masks, and had my face taken from me.I have learned.I have traveled to the places where souls are cheap, and light is just another commodity. I have bought persons beyond measure, and sold them to the highest bidder.I have found the thing that lurks, deep, underneath the surface. I have seen a nightmare made flesh, and then woken it.I have fled the advance of snow and ice. I have prayed it would stop following me and find another. I have been taken by the mountain that moves.I have learned.Many have died to know what I know. Many more will die to unlearn it.I am in love.I will see you swimming. I will see you floating.I am in love. And I am hungry."
76561198030891021,Recommended,304650,22197560,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Jae,"Full of zee-terror and out of supplies after a reckless run through the Sea of Voices and the Chapel of Lights.  Half the map away from a servicable harbor. A sane man would turn back, dock back at London and resupply. But no. We zailors will steam on, eastward and onward to uncharted waters until we see land or die. (There is always, of course, the risk that the former will lead to the latter.)Why?Because this game is only difficult when you play it safe.Fuel and supplies are so expensive that your port reports and trading and repeatable grindable quests just aren't enough. After a while of playing you actually become afraid, not of dying at zee, but returning to harbor without a notable success because you'llwither.You begin to take risks, because if you turn back now you won't be able to afford the fuel to ever come back again. And it feels soawesomewhen you finally make it back from your impossibly risky voyage with a cargo hold full of wonders. You feel triumphant, because this time you can actually afford to resupplyandbring quest items with you, or buy a new engine, or fill up that far upper right corner of the map that you never had the resources to reach.I'll say it again, because this is why I love this game:it's only difficult when you play it safe.No other game I've played manages to encourage the player to take risks this subtly and skillfully. The fantastic writing is the icing on the cake, bringing the dark and mysterious world to life and making the player want to see more. Why does the sun kill zailors? Why is there an island full of postmen in the middle of nowhere? (No, really.) What is thatthingin the southwestern corneTHE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN...I'll have to admit, though, the game is definitely not without its flaws. The endgame is poorly designed (the fact that it's a lot less fun when grinding actually becomes viable should tell you something about this game), and some of the late-game questlines feel unfinished. (They probably are. I'm awaiting a patch.) The combat is lackluster and lacks depth. The early game sailing is painfully slow. Several mechanics are poorly designed and/or exploitable. I fully understand this game getting mixed reviews, because despite loving this game I can see why some people might hate it.But Sunless Sea isfun. It's a game that knows exactly what it's trying to do. It makes you feel like anexplorer.It makes you feel like anadventurer."
76561198054349982,Recommended,304650,22369110,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,farrod_3000,Awsomely Fun game!!!!
,Not Recommended,304650,22289140,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Man-Cheetah,"I'm 50/50 on this game. The concept and the writing are engaging and enjoyable. The universe is deep and organic which makes it a joy to explore.As a game, I'm not so sure.I get that it's hard, I like hard game, which is fine. But this is hard in a sort of thoughtless way.The Trading and Quest UI is explored entirely through a journal interface that logs both items and quests as ""items"" even qualities and stories are logged this way so if you don't have a clear idea of what an item does or what you're supposed to do with a quest you're out of luck without the wikia, and even then sometimes it's no help.The exploration is fun, I really enjoy exploring the RNG Unterzee (the zee puns get really REALLY old really fast.) but the ""risk/reward"" aspect is often more frivolous than fanciful. More often than not when I'm exploring a shoal or a coast line, I'm wasting half a tank of fuel and a quarter unit of supplies just to find out that the visually stunning and enticing reef covered in text is really not useful in anyway but is set dressing until you find something actually helpful.The combat too is tedious, with monsters it's just a game of hitting the reverse faster than they can notice you and get the shot off. With other ships it becomes a turning fight to stay behind their rudder, the same strategies apply and are effective against early and late game foes, regardless of your equipment.also, can we hire them one artist? like, one artist for all the little tile art? because my crew looks like several different species of human with various levels of detail and pastel color that make it look like i took characters from 6 other games and glued them onto my crew-barBeautiful story, beautiful universe, soft-boiled game."
76561198056664029,Recommended,304650,22361410,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Gaetan_Borrette,"This game is incredible. For those who are not afraid to read, and are okay with a game that's slow paced, it delivers a wonderfull creepy narrative with a very fun ""systemic"" quality and exploration.it's so good, it made me take up arts and crafts to make a shrine to salt."
76561198093240260,Recommended,304650,22278746,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Patient Robot,"Highly reccomend, both the best lovecraftian atmosphere I have ever seen, and the best sailing game I have ever played.  This game forces you to run your boat like a merchant and a survivor.  The writing is superb with dark humor and genuine horror. The waves call to me still."
,Recommended,304650,22332082,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jRR,"Spectacular game.It attempts to combine original story telling from nolstagic text driven RPGs into a dark, compelling, and grimey setting.Truly is one of a kind. Nothing else on the market like it. Once you're engrossed in the plot, like a book, you won't put it down."
76561198156823600,Recommended,304650,22309581,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"YES! I haven't played much of this game, but it's fantastic. Not for everyone; if you don't like reading, don't buy this. If you like permadeath games with great story, this is your baby"
,Recommended,304650,22342175,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,DON AXOLOTL,"Barely reached the London Port with just enough fuel and severely damaged hull.Unwittingly sold the only engine I own to have enough money to repair hull, and then proceed to spent the rest to woo an officer. Now I'm too broke to buy a new engine. Thus my ship is doomed here, not in the glorious zee, but in the port of London."
76561198139109549,Recommended,304650,21701827,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ehco Corrallo,"I'll be quick:Sunless Sea is an atmospheric, story-driven, almost-semi-roguelike. The music is excellent, the graphics are simple but effective, and the writing is surpassingly original. Although the story can be daunting at times, and there are a lot of words, (glorious words) the atmosphere, and the pure joy of going insane and eating your crew outwiegh any occasional shortcomings.If you can define the word ""Mercurial,"" Sunless Sea is worth a closer look."
76561198022351923,Recommended,304650,21713468,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,AdmiralAnarchy,"I gave my soul to a Deviless I was trying to woo, ate (at least) 5 people on one playthrough, participated in dubious rituals, tried to get it on with an imaginary horror terror posing as a lady, tried to get in bed with a squid person, got addicted to strange substances, gave living corpses to spiders, introduced invasive species to fragile ecosystems, sold other peoples souls to monkeys and Devils, ate a ferret, raised the influence of a sun that causes madness, kidnapped some poor guy, stopped a civil war between rodents, defiled ancient rituals and shrines, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off more supernatural forces than I can count. Highly recommended."
76561198106607481,Recommended,304650,21687858,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Delicious Friend,"(I was an Early Access reviewer, but I've decided to completely rewrite my review after reading a lot of the negative reviews)I've put upwards of 60+ hours into this game. This top-down, boat driving, zee-beast killing, crew eating, government betraying, honey smuggling game is honestly one of the most fun games I've ever played. The negative reviews complain about it being too punishing, having you grind for hours to get♥♥♥♥♥♥money only to get killed and lose it all. All those reviewers clearly don't get the point of the game.Yes, you will die. A lot. However, the way you get better at this game is by doing the actual missions and quests given to you at various ports. From one port (Venderbight) alone you can earn over 16,100 echoes (dollars) and that's one of the closest ports to home in the game.Not to mention, once you have enough cash, you can write a will, ensuring that any heirlooms and cash you've stored at home will be passed down to your next captain, allowing your next life to be much much easier at the start.People who complain about not being able to make enough cash in this game have not put any thought into this game.I will continue to play this fabulous game and I will continue to lose captains to the unforgiving unterzee.10/10"
,Recommended,304650,21575577,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,☭ Paronfesken ☭,"Hard game, but fun."
76561198061208202,Recommended,304650,21677967,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sweet Jamaican Yellow Yam,"If you've come fresh out of the gates of Fallen London (A very easy point and click on text boxes game with really good writing) you will probably not be disappointed. The writing is phenomenal and the locations have a great atmosphere to them.So yeah the game is lots of fun.So you're on the steam page and you're about to buy the game. You watch the videos and get the impression that the game is pretty hard and unforgivingHoly crap, you have no idea.In the first hour of my time playing I died 7 times. Swear to god.This game is BRUTAL. you could be sailing along cheerfully when your engines explode and you have to fix them. In the middle of fixing them a pirate ship pops up out of your line of sight. Then a giant crab appears and you get torn apart in a matter of seconds. Thank god you have the ability to keep some of your stuff when you choose the next boat and character.If you've run out of money for supplies and fuel your choices are basically starve to death and eat your crew or go out guns blazing on some living iceberg or trade your respectable boat for the nautical equivalent of a wicker basket with a dinky fan pusing it along.Or you grind for money and get a massive dreadnaught and blow up pirate ships with one shot. Up to you.Pros:Writing is 15/10Atmosphere is 10/10Cons:Difficulty makes you want to never look at water againIf you want to be safe, you have to go slow as hellIt's good though I swear."
76561198014263326,Recommended,304650,20479479,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BoreusSimiusXXV,"Sunless Sea is an exploration based rogue-lite game, very similar in essence to FTL but with much more depth. The game involves you sailing on a vast subterranean sea with the main aim of exploring as much of it as you can. Its not just about exploring geography though, each island has its own story to unravel, and the world of the Unterzee is full of fascinating lore. Speaking of which, be prepared to read a lot in this game, and I mean alot. Sunless Sea is as much about reading as it is sailing. That said, every story you discover develops based on your decisions and the experiences you have had, and you have an incredible amount of freedom in how you play. Resource management is a huge part of the game too; conserving your fuel and supplies and maintaining your ship and the sanity of your crew is essential if you want to survive. However, being a rogue-lite game you are expected to die a lot, and in fact there is a legacy system where certain thinsg will carry over to your new character after each death. Finally, if you're wondering whether this game will run on your PC then don't, thanks mostly to the artstyle of the game it will run on pretty much any PC perfectly. If you're a fan of rogue-like/rogue-lite games then you will love Sunless Sea.8.5/10You will find yourself wondering where the hours have gone."
,Recommended,304650,21598715,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sam_Body,I do like this game. So much ways to die.About play time. I've used linux testing distro. So it's not logged on steam.
76561198057634085,Recommended,304650,21604090,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bonjonia,"As others have said, this is a difficult game to review. I played this on my laptop while laid up from surgery, with literally nothing else to do. I didn't use the wiki or try to get outside help, and I'd say it was about 45 hours before I really had a good idea how to play the game for a while without dying. The fact that I sunk this much time into the game shows how addictive and compelling it is. You definitely get that ""one more quest"" thing going.Similar to roguelikes like FTL, some of the ""advancement"" in the game involves completing some task that unlocks benefits for your next game. The difference is that a game of FTL takes a couple of hours at most, whereas a reasonable game of Sunless Sea clocks in around 10 hours. The game is not forgiving at all; you must carefully plan out your trips and avoid detours and unnecessary risks, or you stand an extremely good chance or dying. Lots of things that seem harmless can cripple or kill you without much warning.If you put any value on your time, just turn off perma-death (make a manual save) after you die the first couple of times, and save every once in a while. That way, you can have the fun of exploring without the risk of having to repeat 10 hours of gameplay. Otherwise, you would need to consult the wiki on every trip and decision, which takes a lot of the fun out of it."
,Recommended,304650,21718442,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Margaret Aetherly,"I lost my first captain to the icy floes of the North, to the sentient icebergs and frozen wastes.My second captain got in too deep with the pirates of Gaider's Mourn, trying to make it big by smuggling stolen souls; he learned the hard way one must never try to ""take the money and run.""My third captain still lives, though haunted by the loss of his own soul, haunted by the regrets of his past, haunted by the choices of his first mate, who's taken a vow to never speak again. He names every ship he buys after his daughter, the most valuable thing in his life.One does not ""play"" Sunless Sea. One is perpetually haunted by it, drawn further into an ever-widening, increasingly-tangled plot every time you open the game. The text and imagery feed on and ignite your own imagination, and both work together to make this game as deep and varied as the zee itself."
76561198064024809,Recommended,304650,21697238,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,riktooth,"Sunless Sea is a beautiful game with beautiful writing.  But make no mistake--it's *hard*.When you get started, it's hard to make enough money to break even while you start to reveal the map. (Quickstart guides exist and are worth reading.)Despite the game's insistence to the contrary, it's hard to recover from a character dying.   And I think the marketing isn't doing new players any favors by pushing the idea that you play for the Invictus achievement (completing the game without manually saving).  New players should manually save in every port.  Death is too common and (at leat until well into the game) too big a setback (which is odd in a game set in the Fallen London universe, where Death isn't quite such a big deal as it is on the surface.)What makes the game really fun is the stories (which are a lot like quests in more traditional RPGs) and the dark tone.  You and your crew slowly suffer mental damage (""Terror"") from spending time on the unterzee, far from light or hope, or when something dreadful happens.  Fans of resource allocation games will find a lot to like, too, especially in the early- and mid-game, where ever voyage seems to end with a desperate race for port before running out of food, fuel, or sanity.As noted elsewhere, combat is simplistic and repetitive....but this isn't really a fighting game.  The economic system doesn't make much sense...but it's not a trading game, either.  It's about exploration and horror and, once you're a bit into the game, the politics of the great powers.  The stories are so good that I have passed up a chance to declare victory because I ended up with a story option that was just too good to pass up.  (In my current game, I'm almost to that point again, and seriously considering repeating that choice so that I can see what happens with other choices instead.)  That seems like a pretty strong sign for a game."
76561198060974339,Not Recommended,304650,21927972,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jacen,"If you like Darkest Dungeon's hopeless feel and dark themes this game is a good fit. The writing is very good  and long voyages that youa ren't certain you are ready for can be tense and fun. Still much like Darkest Dungeon this game suffers from feeling like you are not actually progressing. Most of your income goes back into refueling, resupplying, and repairing. There is no real way to permanently game over, but each death nearly resets your game since you can only carry a little bit over, however unlike a rogue like where that is just fine, each run of this game takes hours, going back and fourth through the sea.Part of the system of what you can carry over to your next run allows you to pass your map along. This seems nice for the convenience of knowing where everything is since the map randomizes things a bit each new run. However you should never EVER pick this option because one of the key ways to gain experience in this game is by discovering new locations, and if they are already on the map you cannot get experience for them.Personally I found the first run through the game to be MOSTLY a lot of fun. THe sense of discovery was strongly in place and each event was new and interesting filled with unknown risk.Everything in it becomes repetitive though. Same locations to discover, same events with the same flags and requirements. Sure you can try new things on another run, but you are going to have to repeat a lot of things to get some of your things back.Furthermore the game isn't fun if you turn your back on events and don't go exploring. However diving headlong into some events without actually having a reason to be there can absolutely ruin a run with little to no gain. The frost castle for one should only be entered if you know what you need from it, but if you haven't seen the start of the quest you need to enter for, how could you know there even is a specific thing you should be entering for rather than just a new and dangerous adventure to be had for possibly great rewards?"
76561198025213137,Recommended,304650,16918809,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,kingkong381,"The short life of Captain Abraham Adams. Set to sea with a crew of ten (including a cook with poor hygiene and a chronically lazy ferret). His aim? Glory and gold. And wouldn't you know, he actually did ok for a while! Made a slim profit from sailing into the darkness and discovering new ports for the admiralty and ferrying pilgrims to their final rest. He even had time to find romance and have a child and this only gave him more impetus to succeed in his efforts. It was therefore desperation which led him to accept a commission to smuggle contraband to a new destination far beyond his normal range of operations. With a hold laden with supplies and an engine greedily devouring fuel, Captain Adams set sail knowing that whatever happened he could not risk returning until the illicit cargo had been delivered lest he run afoul of the port authorities. Due to the vague directions given, Captain Adams had little real idea of his course but was optimistic that he would find his way. He was a fool. Adams became hopelessly lost and struggled to keep his crew in high spirits. Perhaps if he had simply turned back when the fuel ran out and risked the wrath of the law then they would have been spared the horrors that lay ahead. But greed often overpowers wisdom. To keep the engines running long enough to find a port Captain Adams ordered that their food be thrown into the engine but this was only a temporary measure. When the food ran out and the engines sputtered and coughed their last there was only one desperate course of action left. Captain Adams prayed fervently to anyone, anything that could hear and his prayer's were answered in the worst possible way. His humble ship finally found harbour in an ancient and very much abandoned temple far beyond any known lands. After several more frantic attempts to appease whatever was watching over his crew, Captain Adams was rewarded with one last fuel reserve. Adams needed no further prompting and forced his starving men back onto their floating prison to make one final effort to find a port. With the lamp dimmed to preserve fuel the superstitious crew began to cave to terror, despair and insanity. With no food Captain Adams pragmatically ordered that the dead be butchered and eaten, if anyone ever asked: they went overboard. Adams asserted that a safe harbour would be found soon and pressed them on but his crew had stopped believing. When the engine at last died with land no closer the last of the crew finally unleashed their fury upon the man who had signed their death warrants. And so Captain Abraham Adams and his crew sunk below the black waters unmissed and unmourned just another victim of the Sunless Sea. The moral of the story? When a one-eyed man brandishing a knife asks you to deliver something it is in your best interests to reply with a polite but firm ""Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!"". But yeah, in short, ""Lose your mind. Eat your crew. Die."" is a highly accurate description of this game.10/10 Would be toyed with by cruel sea gods again."
,Recommended,304650,16894047,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,chriolant,"I'm not sure why everyone calls Sunless Sea a roguelike. It's randomized to a lesser extent than any roguelike, and you do tend to die a fair bit, but Sunless Sea should really be in a class of its own.What really stands out in this game is the writing and its ability to draw you into the world of Fallen London (never knew what that was until I started this game, but now I do); a fictional world where London has been drawn into an underworld surrounded by an ocean called the Unterzee. Each life, you play a captain of a ship who sails (zails) the sea looking for adventure and to complete an Ambition which you choose at the beginning of the game. Fierce monsters, pirates, superstition, fear and scarcity of food are your biggest enemies; every port you zail to brings new stories (and there are plenty) for you to experience and unlock. It's like reading a victorian gothic novel, except, you know, you play it.Highly recommended for those who love to read."
76561198008921247,Recommended,304650,17663776,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,jasurin1492,"Bizarre, atmospheric, lethal...  and totally addictive."
76561198190691118,Recommended,304650,17738592,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,IJS,"First of all let me point out that this is not an easy game if you play the way the makers intended. That means no manual saves, just one autosave, that will wipe on death. Saying that this is still a great game. The graphics, music and atmosphere are excellent. The controls are simple and theres plenty of replayability as the map randomizes each time you start a new game.On the downsides,  it's not always clear what you need to be doing or collecting to continue certain quests and some of the quests you find can't be done with your starting ship and so far I haven't been able to buy the next decent ship.Despite this I would still recommend this game and also the free browser game by the same company called Fallen London."
76561198023019827,Recommended,304650,14430030,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: GreatComments:- I like this game a lot, but I am hesitant to recommend it because of the amount of grinding and the slow pacing (see Dislikes)Likes:- the writing and worldbuilding- exploring the world and discovering the stories / interactions of each port is very fun- there are a lot of stories to play through, and more are occasionally addedDislikes:- there isa lotof grinding (sailing back and forth, doing the same activities over and over again) for money, curiosities, and cargo- sailing is too slow- making money is slow -- initially, the lucrative moneymaking activities are too far apart or otherwise inaccessible; later, you need to grind a lot to make enough money- the starting ship is very slow and doesn't have a lot of cargo space, and you will be stuck with it for a long time- the early game is slow because you are constanly running out of fuel or supplies or money- managing fuel, supplies, and cargo space can be tedious- the story branches play out the same way each time, so they are only fresh the first time you play through them- the Journal acts as a quest log of sorts, but it provides very little information about your current objectives"
76561198026640135,Recommended,304650,17650355,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,synthesizer,"surprisingly addictive, yet frustratingly rogue-like"
,Recommended,304650,17624623,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,WarriorBard,"A complex set of stories in a unique, gripping world. Subtle, both in terror and in puzzles. Frustrating to balance the needs of the ship, the crew, the adventures, and yet that much more fulfilling when one accomplishes missions.It appeals to my story loving instincts with flairs of Neverwhere, Cthulu Mythos, Sid Meier's Pirates, and the top-down arcade games of my childhood.I love how you can purchase different ships, outfit them with weapons, find special crew members, and so forth.I'm interested to see further storylines with more factions."
,Recommended,304650,17635368,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,QUAZAR,Brilliantly atmospheric. Simple gameplay leaves room for great story telling as you creat your own adventure in the terrifying world of fallen London.
76561198041262195,Recommended,304650,11135884,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,dogshocker,"Okay....I've put a fair few hours into Sunless Sea and I'm still enjoying it.....can't say fairer than that. At first I died a good few times until I got the hang of how to play........like a lot of midnight gamers; I'm far more happy to have a go now than read the instructions ! A nice little feature is having the choice to keep certain assets of your dead player to take on to the next personality that you create......it's like a little doggy chance to help you get ahead which I appreciated.Now my main character, apart from being prone to the odd nightmare and having to come to terms with hacking his own crew down twice, well let's say he's getting quite handy at knowing his way around, avoiding too many hazards, earning himself a crust and generally staying alive.....and sane!Again, at first I was thrown by the 'terror' concept and thought it unnessesarily harsh......but the moreI play, the more I am beginning to see it as the subtle undercurrent to the whole game.....the whole point of Sunless Sea is that it's a dark and scary place which is easy to forget whilst sitting in front of a PC. The terror count makes the player pay attention much more. I've learned to pick and plan my routes very carefully, never travel in a straight line, use the bouys and take advantage of any and all possible ways to offset my 'terror'. Well done to the team responsible....I feel you've got this just right. I'd hazard a comment that without my 'sweetheart' back in Fallen London I may well have ended it all..........but of course, you'll all probably write in to tell me that you're all sleeping with her as well.......life is hard and scary; then you die in Sunless Sea !Lastly, what do I feel would make it better?.......well, earnings are slim and a captain has to do a good few missions before he's got enough for even a decent deck gun........I suspect the boats in the ship yard are for future reference, ie when the game is finished, because the prices are totally out of reach. On a good run, if I can coincide two major missions, and I bag a booty ship on route........by the time I've offset my food, fuel and fear costs, I'll be lucky to have made 150 to 200 echos.....and that's a very good run where I don't take any damage or crew.......very hard to make dosh and buy all those lovely things in the shops. As I get tougher I'm beginning to wonder if I shouldn't just have 'The Bruiser's' other eye out and make off with his dosh except I'd only have one avenue of earning potential left and pickings are slim enough !More importantly, every port should have an inn, shop and shipwrights......that's what makes it a port ! There's a couple of ports with totally 'nada' happening and very few ports have decent shops for trading or hull repair.......a huge missed moment here where the game could take on a wider aspect of choices of how to play the game. Let's see some more trading oportunaties or passenger movement.......in fairness, the game is still in it's starter mode and the team responsible have probably already thought of this.All in all, I'm enjoying myself. It's a great little game with bags of potential to spend hours playing it.......my thanks to all those involved in it's creation."
76561197970952324,Recommended,304650,17764851,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Barahur,This is a great game with a rich story and very unique and dark universe that reminds me of Lovecraft. I definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,304650,16954103,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,NvF,"Had never heard of Fallen London before playing this game, and I was blown away by the detail of the setting; every port was enthralling, I had no idea what I was doing and I loved every minute of it, instant favourite.also THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN"
76561198007409592,Recommended,304650,16954290,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"I love this. The story telling is amazing. If you like Lovecraft you will love this. There is not a lot of ""game"" here but it's not about that. The writing of your own story is what it is all about. And what stories are here to be written !"
,Recommended,304650,14274002,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,"Sunless Sea is incredible. You may never experience a better top-down exploration game than this. IT TAKES PLACE IN A FREAKING UNDERGROUND OCEAN! This game is awesome. I only think that the game should be updated more oftenly, and that the map should be expanded. The game needs to be bigger than it is, and needs more content. When Zubmariner comes out, I expect lots and lots of content above and below the Zee."
,Recommended,304650,16967476,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,mbpoblet,"Even having played Fallen London, I have no idea what I'm doing."
,Recommended,304650,15346940,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,kd7tck,"This is the kind of game you can play off and on throughout the day, without worry that you will loose entire days to it. Yet it is addictive like candy crush, only instead of candy we have a dark ominous Zee."
76561198030755547,Not Recommended,304650,15394244,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,medledan16,I played this game around 90 minutes before I became so bored I quit. Never quite realised I bought a game I would have to spend hours reading through. The action is mild to boring at best with you fighting the same dumb monsters over and over again. VERY BORING.
76561198125254167,Recommended,304650,11223385,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,lummisam,"Update:I've revisited the games now that it's not early access and I still like it a lot.  Sunless sea has a really great atmosphere and is very well thought out, now it's just better and more finished.I like this game.  It focuses on mystery and exploration.  The game is clearly not finished, but is off to a great start.  The gameplay is well thought out, the environment is compelling, and the game is stable and easy to play.  I'm excited to see what the furure holds for it."
76561198208149832,Recommended,304650,16099501,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,myfuturepast,"I'm thoroughly enjoying Sunless Sea, but you have to understand it's not a typical game.  It's one-third live action and two-thirds Choose Your Own Adventure book.  There is a lot of reading, and the text is the point.  I found the atmosphere and the choices wonderful.  Sunless Sea is highly parallel, at any given time there are a couple dozen storylets you could choose to pursue.  There's also this:  the game is not grind-y.  This is refreshingly non-boring and also keeps you on your toes in an unusual way, because if you pursue the wrong storylets you run the risk of not getting the rewards you'll need to finance your next voyage."
76561198008668167,Recommended,304650,16019242,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,shauno,"My first captain, a religious man who had lost his faith, went to sea to find his fathers bones. Alas, his lack of seafaring knowledge left him adrift in a strange dark sea with not nearly enough fuel to find home. In his desperation, he turned to the only thing he knew. He prayed. Not to a familiar god but to one of the strange gods of the sea he didn't fully understand.His prayer was answered, but not quite in the way he had hoped.10/10. Would eat my crew again."
,Recommended,304650,16021146,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,3Squirrels,"Death? Death is the greatest adventure, especially when it's achieved being chased down and devoured by an enraged bound shark while smuggling stone blocks from the Salt Lions to London, or at the hands of your own sea-maddened crew, or eaten, or... well, let's just say some places are best not visited, shall we?Don't like that answer, eh?Get yourself a steamship then, and find out what all the rage is about. It'll only cost you your soul..."
,Recommended,304650,16072316,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,A Stew of Swedes,"The fact that this is not the most popular game right now can only put down to bad-luck. I'm sure it's only a matter of time until this game is all the rage. Regardless, It is an excellent mix of survival-exploration and step-by-step storytelling. I've already died numerous times, and I'm loving it!"
76561198131990873,Recommended,304650,16131758,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheAVstrain,"Sunless Sea is a unique and interesting style of gaming in it's own respect. You play as a sea captain on a quest of your choosing in which you explore an unforgiving sea filled with enemies, monsters and similar perils.I really enjoy this game simply put. It focuses heavily on story aspects while adding a sense of unique game play that I personally never seen anywhere else. You sail to different islands ready to explore, each island has it's own story or theme behind it filled with choices that could effect you positively or negatively depending on your current stats. The story quests keep me engaged and there is always something new around the corner regarding items, stories and possibilities. The game obviously prides itself on it's lore/literature aspects. There may be a lot of reading involved but it was definitely interesting and fun.Whether you enjoy playing casually or are a difficulty junkie Sunless Sea has you covered . I Definitely will be playing this for some time to come."
76561198137047967,Recommended,304650,15772700,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zero #VX,"Beautiful writing, lovely visuals and an amazing soundtrack make exploration in this dark world one of the most interesting games released in a while.Full review.https://www.vortex-esports.com/blogs/entry/285-sunless-sea-eat-your-crew/"
,Recommended,304650,15630934,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lintu,"It's the best game ever. I mean what can be better than a sunken London with giant crabs, jellyfishes and all kinda monsters and stories about ""the surface""..."
,Recommended,304650,15585600,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Corpsman HM1 Mal P. Ractice,"Embarked on a long voyage to try and find Mt. Palmerston with a full load of fuel, a large compliment of supplies with a full crew.Explored a quarter of the map with no success, and after losing some crew, dwindling food supply, and at half my fuel stores while being at the other side of the world, I decided to turn the ship back to London.Made it to Gaider's Mourn with barely enough scraps to eat and very little fuel, but then decided to press on anyway.Engaged combat with a pirate steamer in an attempt to get more fuel and/or supplies. Lost two men and the ship could not go more than half-speed, but I got some fuel.Ran out of fuel EXTREMELY close from the docking area, was given a dialogue page with various options, decided to go for the lifeboats since I was three feet away from Fallen London's pier.Drowned.10/10."
76561198032317640,Recommended,304650,15229545,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,grislexian,"Good fun, of the eldrich horror variety.Manage resources while seeking fame, wealth & knowledge in the salty spray of a Victorian-era subterranean ocean.  The writing is deliciously evocative, its descriptions simultaneously droll and horrific.  Though imbued with rogue-like elements such as a randomly generated map & perma-death, each play-through can last several hours (12+ for me, so far) & builds a rich web of stories.Only $19, with more play-time (& better writing) then a Triple-A game.  Definitely worth it."
76561197994728275,Recommended,304650,16031282,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Pageturner77,"Sunless Sea does everything it sets out to do.  Buuut those goals aren't necessarily good ones to have.  This game is basically two in one.  When you're in port, the game is about using key items to unlock the storylines, which affect other storylines.  You pick up new officers, gain political connections, become a black market dealer,...acquire questionable dining habits.  All of that is fun and awesome and I love it.  The Fallen London universe, which I only know from SS at the moment, is beautifully imagined and I just want to learn every square inch of the Unterzee and just what the hell is the Dawn Machine, anyways?Trouble is I don't want to have to wait hours for it.  The second part of the game involves real-time travel between the islands of the zee, fighting pirates and killing sea monsters.  The combat is terrible.  Either you exploit predictable patterns to annihilate them or you're just banged into until you or they die.  It's annoying and rarely profitable.  I only ever killed anything when a story required it, otherwise I found it a waste of time.  And that's the problem with Sunless Sea, you waste a lot of time.  They created a beautiful and fascinating world, visually as well (seriously, wtf is the Dawn Machine?) but it takes so long to get around it I started to lose my mind for real.   On one tour, through re-stocking of supplies, I was out at sea for two hours of real time, and very little of that time was spent in port uncovering stories or even just doing basic moneymaking tasks like cursory investigations and shore leave.  nearly all of my 30+ hours at Zee were spent navigating through very non-treacherous waters watching my fuel gauge slowly dip.The term 'Roguelike' is a flag of convenience in Sunless Sea.  When you die, you take over as a new character.  You repeat the storylines, which go much faster now that you know them, and you get something of your predecessor's gains in the process.  But, as they say in Venderbight, death doesn't come easily in the Neath.  I only actually 'died' once in my game, and that was by choice because I'd locked myself out of a story and, really, I was curious about what death was like.  If you've made a will, you get more stuff.  But some of the most important gains like money, your ship, and your stats, are largely lost.  In a typical roguelike, where a runthrough lasts fifteen minutes to half an hour, this isn't so bad.  But in Sunless Sea, where a single captain could zail for a full day of real time, opening the whole map and resolving lots of stories, death is less like ""take two' and more like ""my little brother deleted my save and now I have to start over.""  The mechanic isn't fun.That's kind of crippling for Sunless Sea.  The game is designed 'almost' roguelike.  But instead of focusing on short individual runs and long term meta-gains, the individual runs are where long-term gains are made and the meta is more about salvaging something from the disaster.  And those gains come with such a time investment that losing them is enough to make you want to quit.Despite these problems, I still recommend it.  Because this game is very rich in lore, atmosphere, and humor, things I really appreciate in a game.  The fun dies around the twenty hour mark because the more complicated quests require more and more 'downtime' in transit.  But up until then you'll have a lot of fun and find yourself laughing at the delightfully macabre refinement of Fallen London and the Unterzee's inhabitants.  It's a worthwhile pickup, but it'll run its course a little fast for the pricetag."
76561197964655036,Recommended,304650,16143089,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,bartoman,Give it a ChanceI really loved FTL and played over 100 hours of it. The reason why I write that is because I thought that this game could be similar. At first I thought SS was too difficult. The food and fuel would go down very quickly and I wasn't sure how you could manage. After dying 4 or 5 times I was ready to give up on the game. I decided I would give it another chance because I really don't have any other games that I'm interested in right now. My ship has been going strong for awhile now and the game picks up as you learn more about it. I'd say give it a chance if you enjoy exploration and RNG. It's similar to FTL in some ways so I recommend purchasing SS if you enjoy FTL. My favorite parts are the chance encounters and the different weird island you visit. I see myself playing this game for a long time. A Rating.
76561198138026960,Recommended,304650,15892634,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jefforyfaith,This is a wonderfully made game that entails a very rich storyline.  This game has an incredible amount of replayability.  Highly recommended for anyone who has an interest in h.p. lovecraft.
,Recommended,304650,15899110,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Pizzaman,海で発狂して死んじゃうゲーム。テキストが面白い、ダンジョンモノではないローグライクを遊びたいなら是非。
76561198010423636,Recommended,304650,14362966,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,blizzard5314,I've never played a game that bled so much character from so many orifices. I felt absorbed into the world of fallen London before I even launched my first vessel. Then I died. It was awesome.
76561198074926818,Recommended,304650,15780594,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,KweerPrydeZchero,"Love the atmosphere of the game.  Sunless Sea is a great casual game, but this isn't to say that it doesn't require a lot of thought and planning in order to 'progress' in the game. Even the smallest miscalculations can end your character's life and potenitally legacy."
,Recommended,304650,15879339,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Urdo Sprode,"Unique, atmospheric, and challenging."
,Recommended,304650,15675151,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Big Red 1,"luv the whole ship/sea exploration but didn't like the cuthulu/lovecraftian art direction tho (felt dark, creepy and dreary) if you can tolerate the direction of the where of the art went then you should OK! :)"
76561198005327253,Recommended,304650,16753182,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,weoweoweo,One of the few games I've found to be both relaxing and engrossing. Worth checking out if you enjoy interactive fiction. Also one of the more interesting uses of roguelike elements that I've had a chance to play.
,Recommended,304650,16623054,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,"Do I sacrifice my helmsman in order to unravel the secrets of an ancient sigil, or offer my mind at the altar of madness and eat my crew?The answer?Yes."
,Recommended,304650,16625222,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lisa Anne Frank,"This game is a delightful mix of story-telling, role-play, and survival.  Choose your zee-captain's backround, sail them to their destiny.  Explore dystopian societies, people driven mad by the fall of mankind into the darkness of the world.  Sunlight does not exist here.  Try to keep your crew's sanity in check, lest they mutiny against you.  Discover the Gods that haunt your every move at sea, battle pirates, or the terrifying creatures that roam the dark waters.Such a simple game, but so easy to become completely engrossed in the story.  My favorite purchase during the Steam Summer Sale.  Even the soundtrack is excellent.  I highly recommend this game.  How long will your captain live?"
76561198031401834,Recommended,304650,16626456,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Malevant,An extremely decadent experience - the game is very well crafted and it's a great way to wile away a few hours while exploring a fascinating world.
,Not Recommended,304650,16684939,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Siret Schutting,"I wish there was a third button in the recommendations - ""don't recommend, but not a bad game"".For me, the crux of the problem lay in my great expectations which Sunless Sea failed to fulfill. Now pair that with the price (I bought it during the summer sale for €11,40 and honestly, even that is a complete rip-off).The game is not bad at all - the theme seems to be there, there is a large map, there is an enjoyable soundtrack, some converging humour and much attention to detail. Alas, the game is not... fun. So there is no action (excluding the abhorrent ""combat mechanism"" during which you shoot against mountainous crabs - and I am expecting some action as a Victorian captain. There is also no fear. Like, none. I can't feel the darkness, I can't feel the terror - I can only feel the tedious terror of boredom as my steamship is ""töff töffing"" towards London yet again to deliver yet another Admiral's report.  Fear could add so much to this game, but it doesn't - because terror literally doesn't exist! If you ""die"", you are just given a new captain. That's all.I would be content, were it a 3-euro mobile platform game, meant to be played shortly after take-off in a plane, only to abandon it to in-flight entertainment. But it is a 20-euro ""indie explorer"", which in the case of Sunless Sea equals a glorified roll and move."
,Recommended,304650,16669040,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KoldSlaw,"This game is like FTL but steampunk, waterworld setting. I just spent 3 hours playing this non-stop. Such a great game!"
,Recommended,304650,16669144,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Roundabout27,"A charming rogue-lite that I've had the pleasure of spending hours simply exploring about and reading the text that comes my way. The closer you are to Fallen London, the more constant things are. Stories are always being added by the developers and while some things even in the procedurally generated parts towards the center of the map often have similar outcomes, there's hours and hours and hours of content here well worth the price."
,Recommended,304650,16669980,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Eadin,A lovely game. The focus is on storytelling with exploration and some bits of action.
,Recommended,304650,16633218,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,xXxPUSSYDESTROYER2004xXx,"It's like sid mayers pirates meets cthulhu, great game... really a suprise for me just how much i enjoyed it so far"
,Recommended,304650,16633896,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GruvRegulator,This game is difficult. You die; again and again. But as you play you learn what works and what doesn't. It's beautifully designed; but there is A LOT of reading; so you will want to pass if that isn't your thing. If it is; then there are tons of different story threads to explore. I also really dig the Victorian style of the art. it's has a very gritty steampunk feel to it.
,Recommended,304650,16636326,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rich evans,"Obscenely addictive with one of the interesting, most narratively literate atmospheres I've seen in any game, ever. If you're a fan of Fallen London, or even if you just like books-hell if you don't like ANYTHING buy this game.I bought this game two or three days ago, I've lost count because there'll be times where I just get caught in the lull. It's so easy to get immersed in this fantastic world as you go between different islands and settlements, trying to accomplish goals or make money. You can feel the world revolving around you as a zee-captain. You can choose from an obscenely large amount of paths, so much so that I'd say that it's impossible to play the same game twice. The visuals are gorgeous, the writing is fantastic, the sound design is nothing short of lovely, what more can I say? The only negative aspect I can give this game is that the roguelike component, while great, is a little bit unforgiving. Sure it does give some great suspense and pressure when you're hiding from Mt. Nomad in a fog bank, but nobody enjoys making that several hour grind back to where you were if you didn't write a will and leave some treasures to your future self. Save that, this game is perfect.Buy this game. Go mad. Eat your crew.Die."
76561198037999256,Recommended,304650,16641214,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tools of Math Instruction,A very good game. I watched it for a while and just now picked it up and it went above my expectations.
,Recommended,304650,16646111,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DisposableFox,"This game is great.Constantly updated, highly replayable.Really tough."
76561198084148469,Recommended,304650,16732820,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,zedith,"Simple, but fun. Bit of a grind for newer ships but gear is easy to get. Storys are wonderful, crew are memoriable, Character customization is limited, but doesn't hurt gameplay any way. Over all plot and world are just wonderful."
,Recommended,304650,16739933,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lime11,"This game has more atmosphere than all the gas giants combined. At first, it's a little over whelming but once you get into the swing of things, exploring the Unterzee is incredibly fun.The writing is brilliant. Seriously, the universe this game is set in needs a book or two. Half the time you've only got a picture to show what's happening, but you don't even need that. The writing is so vivid and immersive, as long as you have half an imagination, you'll easily lose yourself to it.The thrill of discovering a new island in this game is something few games can match. The itch to explore this weird world is one that just can't be scratched. Every location has it's own story and mysteries to solve.This game does have it's flaws however. The combat is pretty stupid and unintuitive. In my opinion, it should have just been left out and replaced with random events that occure whilst at sea. Enemy types aren't particularly interesting either. ""Oh look, another pirate or swarm of bats"" is a thought that often crossed my mind.I was also disappointed by the map size. I wanted the sea to feel bigger. Other than when you first start out, you almost never run out of fuel or supplies. By the time I bought my second ship, I'd already been everywhere on the map and was just revisiting places to finish quest lines. This can make the game feel a little grindy. If travelling from place to place was more interesting and took longer, the sense of discovery and wonder would have been far greater.All in all, this is a great game. It's a fantastic change of pace from other recent games and easily sets it's self apart. You're first proper play through where you don't die in the first 30 minutes will by far be some of the most interesting gameplay you'll have experienced in a while. And whilst it does lack in certain areas, all of the positives more than make up for it."
,Recommended,304650,16740164,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,WarezWaldo,"Absolutely fascinating. The thing that really hooks me is the rich setting and the amazing sense of discovery. Quests are varied and interesting and there is a nice sense of progression. The only downside is the rogue-like elements, which I find to be pretty pointless to be honest. Things are too static on repeat playthroughs, especially all the written quests. Other than that, fantastic game!"
,Recommended,304650,16658848,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Scrotox the Mighty,"I love this game. Great little stories mixed in with a bit a survival. It can get a little grindy at times, but you learn how to avoid that after a few play throughs. Very Cthulhu mythos feel to the stories as well."
,Recommended,304650,16663936,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kingofcereal,"This game is great and has the potential to be amazing with time. Should you buy it? If you love a great story and are a ""patient"" gamer, this is a great choice. Alternatively, if you're a ""twitch"" gamer and you skip the reading in most games, don't buy it. You'll hate it. If you're in between, I'd say its really worth a try. The music, art and prose are engrossing, to say the least."
,Recommended,304650,16706042,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kazz,A tense eerie plunge into the unknown accompanied by a beautiful soundtrack.Definitely check this out if your a fan of roguelikes but want a change of pace.
76561198179222250,Recommended,304650,16772593,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Larkin,Build your own story ship game that you'll have loads of fun with.
,Recommended,304650,20037971,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nori,"Started game, amazed by the ""stories"" and realize these are the same devs that make/made Fallen London which I used to play.Here is my first few hours.Visit store, think things are ""cheap"" but don't buy anythingDecide to head out into the dark seaVisit a couple islands, love the storiesGet attacked by another boat, don't know how to run away properlyHere lies captain number 1 (was literally 1-2s from making port)Determined to play smarter next time so I start a new game and decide I should be my Lady now...Take a long trip up north, can't find my objective but run across some people obsessed with dead bodies...Run out of fuel, gods are merciful and my ""engineer"" finds a extra barrel of fuel (seriously where was it hiding...)Make it to port, but they don't sell fuel (not that it mattered I was broke)By some miracle I limp into London's port with mere seconds of fuel leftAm able to top off, but otherwise still brokeHead south this time, run out of food...Crew thinking about eating each otherCome across a rat vs. guinea pig battle - Find foodReally loving this game. Lots of depth and with the legacy system, dying isn't that big of a deal.Highly recommended."
76561198010780989,Recommended,304650,20343003,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ManicKitty,"It's rare to find a game with good writing. This is a game with good writing. It also doesn't mollycoddle you like most modern games do with huge arrows pointing the way to your objective (nor is there usually only one way to complete an objective).If you do not like to read, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,304650,20326200,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Gumby,Good story writing and theme. Hubris will be your downfall.
76561198066113594,Recommended,304650,20614946,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,BusinessCat,"At first this game ems overwhelming. Then i had some goals to have the best ship and sailed around exploring...until i quickly got lost and died.I looked online for a map. Good! Set sail again and realized that the map has some randomness to it! Clever! Also realized that it can be tough to save up money for that stronger ship. Tried retiring and realized that the only thing that carried over was my gun. DIsappointed.Played again casually, died.BUT THEN I HAD SOME GOALS. I wanted to unlock as many of the features that roll over to the next playthroughs.I would suggest you do the same. Play around a bit, have fun, then aim for these unlockables that roll over to each future game. Having a mission rather than sailing aimlessly brings me back over and over :)WISH THIS HAD CONTROLLER SUPPORT so i can be even lazier and sit back on the couch and play (rather than being huddled over my laptop keyboard)."
76561198045443200,Recommended,304650,20581692,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Wolfbitch of Awoo~,"This unexpected little gem really stood out to me. Sunless Sea oozes a dark and morbid charm out of every fibre of its being. The unique islands, characters and creatures in each region makes the world feel alive and makes every journey you take feel fresh and exiting. The moments of joy mixed with the moments of genuine terror are what makes it so immersive (especially in the haunting region known as the Sea of Voices when you finally get a good look at the horrors beneath the water) .... ""It moved! It @#$%ing moved!""The quests themselves are mostly repeatable and provide a reliable source of income in a steady, if rather repetative occupation and this provides a good opportunity for immersive roleplying that shows rather than tells, which is a welcome improvement from the devs earlier browser format of this world. For instance,(This paragraph doesn't really aid the review, but you're welcome to read on if you're interested, I'm just going to have a little gush for a while) in my playthrough for my first sailor started off as an honest merchant doing odd jobs for the Admirality. He soon became tempted by criminal organisations and started smuggling illegal goods and sinking weaker ships behind the Admirality's back, greatly increasing his Veils as a result. Dealings with the Pirate King and the soldiers of the Khanate soon earned him the wealth he had so long desired and established London as the dominant power in the Neath, though they'd probably disagree with his methods if they ever found out. There you have it- an interesting, flawed character corrupted by the promise of wealth and power. If this kind of roleplaying interests you, try having your captains decendants personalities be influenced by their parents deeds. It really keeps things fresh, in my opinion.And now, how appropriate that the game's greatest strength illuminates its biggest weakness. I find myself asking ""If the unique setting and world building weren't so prominant, would i really have sunk 100+ hours into this game?"" Probably not. The gameplay is rather basic and after a while revisiting ports numerous times (which you will be doing a lot, especially if wealth is your goal) can start to get old. This is exactly why the roleplaying is so important to keep you invested, as that and the mountains of fluff text is exactly what keeps people coming back to this game. If that's not your thing, its probably not worth your money. This game is one you'll either love or hate and if its personality and deep lore arent enough to keep you invested, stick to more well rounded experiences. For everyone else, it should be a memorable  and charming reinvention of a steampunk world mixed with Lovecraftian horror and well worth a look."
,Recommended,304650,20619878,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Tuna Fresh,"The setting, the writing and music is top notch. I should point out that the sea exploration aspect is a bit disconnected with the ports (where you experience the stories, quests, etc). However I didn't find this to be an issue and loved the game. Keep getting sidetracked with other activities but the underzee beckons me..."
,Recommended,304650,20385559,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Death Grips for Kids,"this game gave me the feeling of digging into a really good, engrossing novel. hard not to invest yourself in and immensely atmospheric."
,Recommended,304650,20323765,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,akm.scout,"I give it a thumbs up, obviously"
,Recommended,304650,20322419,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✪lord,"My experiences with this dark, memorable game so far. Potential small spoilers, nothing that will ruin your experience but might help you decide if you want this game.I was exploring the game Sunless Sea, where you adventure across the dark ocean in a dark London.I met a female spy and consequently bedded her, resulting in a child.I at the time was only living in a small room above a pub,I had the money to buy a sizable manor from doing work with the mafia.I ventured out once more on an errand for the Admiralty for the Royal Navy, only to come across a woman up far north in the coldest of places, asking to join my crew. I declined her not realising that she would put forth a dark evil upon me, a curseI didn't think much of it and ventured home.I came home to a dead lover and a dead son.My neglect to buy the manor before I left shore and take in my son had left my him without a good home, leaving him and his mother to die.The curse caught up with me,The Zee had caught up with me,It had taken my family.I asked the harbour master about the happenings around London, he told me the mafia worker wanted to speak with me.An errand He gave to me to venture to the far east to fetch an expensive shipment had gone under my nose and therefore forgotten.He was not happy at all. The local authorities, bribed, had fired upon my small vessel, ripped steel from steel and taken me and my crew.The Zee had me now.That's my first three hours of Sunless Sea."
,Recommended,304650,20455332,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,xps,"Great atmosphere, great texts, very meditative experience, good soundtrack. The world is very unusual and interesting to explore.The only drawback that I can think of is its tendency to grind (you'll need to do a lot of similar actions in order to progress - unless I am missing something)"
76561198129158516,Recommended,304650,20486621,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Vic,"This game is not for the faint hearted who can't stand to lose everything more than three times.-Because you will lose everything, sooner or later. More than three times.This game is not for the people who aim for OP or nothing-Because Mt. Nomad will always ring the bell of doom for you.This game is not for those who lack wisedom or those who never learn from their mistakes-Because you will just die more, and sooner.This game is not for those who lack imagination or patience-Because this is a feast of words, not impressive visual. Most of time you would spend is on the zee of nothing. It's very slow paced.Ever since Planescape Torment I have been seeking, seeking for world just as imagitive and strange. A world that truelly feel ""other worldly"" to me, without the trace and strong concept resemblance to this world.So many years, so many games, this is the first time I felt the similar sense just like when I played Torment for the first time.Smuggle Sunshine... Smuggle romantic literature,.... Sell your soul to a monkey for 250 shilling... Catch a box of dream snakes... Involve in the revolution of hell....How bizarre, How rare , How fascinating, How.....BeautifulDon't let my play time fool you, I played far more than the record. The reason for this display is because I like to enjoy this game while shut off my phone and internet.The best environment for enjoy this game is being in a dark, silent place with winter wind and a pair of good headphonesNever ever play this game with menual save, don't read any guideFor they will ruin the game for you.Gameplay wise, what you see in their trailer is what you will get.You sail in the dark underzee, go for different settlement, write port report while also explore. Trade prove little benefit unless you do smuggle businessAnd in most case, YOU *DON'T* FIGHT MONSTERSThere is very few benefit from fighting creature or other ships, but great risk.You mostly learn from exploring, not fighting.This is a point many people fail to understand.They grind and grind, grind the hell out of it, then they complain why everything is so expensive.Why they grind? Because they want to get better equipment. And why is that? Because they want to fight.But this is not a game for fight.In some point, yes you will have to deal with Mt Nomad or Tree of Age if you want to write the book of zee, but it should happen in the last of your game.For people argue about how the they run out of supply so quickly, I would say with careful management and careful planning, I explored every port in underzee with my original boat unmodified.You are not supposed to be a OP battleship and crush enemy everywhere.If that is what you want, don't buy this game.This is a hard game.I died more than fifteen times by now, in some of the case, I died after getting the second best ship, after spend hundred of hours.More important thing than being angry is to learn from your mistake. Every death will only bring you closer to victory.In this aspect, it is a more punishing dark souls, you either learn to deal with failure, anger, loss and frustration or give up and die.This is no way a great, must buy game, or even a good game for many people. It obviously flawed on some aspects.But this is the game that I will still remember after thirty years when I forgot all the AAA games."
76561198100140915,Recommended,304650,20480335,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,kjell_mann,"Amazing Game!Beautiful and simple in its entirety. The blend of an open world with different storylines and a wonderful rich backstory makes this the absolute best game I bought on steam. The feel of the game, the music, the slightly insane stories and its sheer lovecraftian vibe is just a perfect blend.It certainly might not be everyones type of game, its simple in its brilliance but it is hard, and unforgiving. It relies on story and atmosphear to drag you in not high graphics or wow factor.So if thats your type of game then prepear to set saile on the Unterzee and for Gods sake don't run out of food!"
,Recommended,304650,20472021,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ThatWeakGuy,"Based on the game Fallen London, this game is a very mysterious, scary, and beautifl collection of words, locations, and imagery straight from H.P. Lovecraft."
76561198030781942,Not Recommended,304650,20463231,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Raditz,Beautiful game. Except that I don't know what to do other than grinding.
76561197992408346,Not Recommended,304650,20317922,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hellbilly,"Roguelike.Game is heavy on the text so get your glasses. Gameplay can be boring and tedious. Story is very unique and interesting but if you die and have to do things again, it becomes repetitive.Really great game but has major flaw. It's gameplay is just not as engaging as it's story elements. Can't recommend. Not for everyone."
,Recommended,304650,20367434,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hochdorff,"This is a very calm and relaxing game with a phantastic story. Just like with a good book, take an evening hour, a beverage of your choice (tea, wine, whisky) and enjoy. The game can develop in so many directions. The lineage syteme adds another dimension that may make you consider just try to die, to see what happens next.It is definitvely nothing for people looking for fast, adrednalin filled action!"
,Not Recommended,304650,20423744,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"Atmospheric, love the story - buy it's just plain too hard for me to enjoy."
,Recommended,304650,20420119,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Memnon the Mighty,"By all the gods, not since the sunken world of Kel'Ranhad have I found  a setting so gloomy and vibramt, rich and cavernous, beautiful and devastating. Amazing atmosphere, beautiful art, great writing, wonderful stories, unforgiving and unmerciful. This is a game for those who love exploration and story telling with a healthy helping of gothic steampunk. The first story I encountered involved a war between rats and guinea pigs. 10/10 would help the rats defeat their would-be guinea pig tyrants once more!Sidenote: Looking for a trading game? Don't bother. Looking for a naval combat? Probably not what you want. Seeking both? Might I recommend Windward? This is a game about exploration, madness, lonliness, and story telling. Understand that, and understand that you will be giving your life to Salt, Storm, or Stone eventually, and you will have a grande olde tyme."
76561197998497374,Not Recommended,304650,20434476,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,billsikes,"This game reminds me of Amiga-era games, I get very nostalgic feelings playing it. But a lot of the game mechanics make this game quite boring. It feels like you're reading a choose-your-own-adventure novel over and over again. Buy it if its on sale for less than $5 or so. Otherwise, there's not enough 'there' there to justify the full price."
,Recommended,304650,20628916,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dr.Coldfingers,turn off all the lights and go zailing. Try not to get caught in the moral dilemma of eating your crew. 5/7 would play again
76561198046363839,Recommended,304650,14638627,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Ronjer Haikal,"Haunting atmosphere, great artwork, nice game."
76561197971510573,Recommended,304650,14641800,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fire Miser,"I liked the world. I liked the writing when you find it in parts. Yet its so segmented there are few cohesive parts.Its a game made for those who already enjoy playing the Fallen London web browser game to actually understand whats expected of you and its card system to track events.I hated everything pertaining to the actual gameplay.Slow movement (atmospheric at first then quickly dives to tedium). If you somehow get a new ship and upgrade your speed too much, the random event flag wont happen before you reach a new port at times so more time wasted anyway. Shallow Combat, Long grinds. RNG to even get a storylet on many islands.Trading is non-existant. There are set golden routes you must find and farm to get new equipment in any amount of sane time.Death does not change the game. Its purely a hindrance where past actions have done little to aid your new charactor other than speed up the beginning grind and learning which mechanics to then avoid later.There is possibly hope in the future with updates. New content has been patched in. And The undersea DLC to come eventually. And supported modding hopefully soon™, yet no true info on that front.I only give it a yes for future possibilities, but I would wait for the dlc or real modding support."
76561197995935136,Recommended,304650,14443805,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Greg Bahm,It looks like a ship combat game.It is not at all a ship combat game.It is a unique sort of RPG that is worth investigating if you are interested in unique RPGs.The prose is a little hard to get past at first. It is as bad as you would expect in an indie RPG.But the worldbuilding is unusually solid.And that's that important thing.
76561197993262092,Recommended,304650,14469633,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Venijk,"Slow paced game with excellently done exploration and qusting, with adequate trade/combat systems.  Very enjoyable, good game.  With additional content and the potential for good mods down the road could be an excellent game."
,Recommended,304650,14473135,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,heynemann,Great game so far. Very addicting.
,Recommended,304650,14474022,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheMightyCthulhu,"Sailed the seas with a full crew. Ventured to the heart of the zee, the Khanate. Used up all my fuel and supplies to get there. They refused to sell to an unlicensed foreigner. Ran out of fuel sailing south in the dark. Prayed to the Salt god for salvation, and an albino zee-bat landed on my ship. As it flew away, I looked back to the zee, and the ruins of the Kingeater's castle rose up around me.I lost my mind. A tentacled beast I couldn't be quite sure I had seen snatched one of my zailors away into the deep. The rest mutinied and knocked me from the bridge, crushing my skull when I landed.So ended the tail of Lizard, the she-captain of the Unterzee.So begins the tail of Roger, who inherited Lizard's banadaged poissonnier as ship cook.10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,304650,14477479,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MapNinja,"Incredibly satisfying. A fantastical lovecraftian world filled with stories and choices, mysteries and danger. I love it."
,Recommended,304650,14306817,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheJake,"Well, bloody hell. Okay. I'm... It's...It's like this, then. The sea, they call it the zee. And I thought that'd annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. This is the kind of game that can get away with arbitrary letter swaps. This is a game that has a frankly beautiful story about the cost in human effort of communicating. On an island of postmen and postrats. Rats, in wee adorable post-office outfits.You need to play this."
,Recommended,304650,14410606,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TheHunterSeekerAlgorithm,"Sunless Sea is one of those rare games that is heavy in story and atmosphere, so much so that it can drag you into its world and leave you demanding to know more.This is not an easy game to master. The general rule to start off with is...prepare to die.......a lot. There is still a lot the game is yet to implement in terms of story, gameplay, and balance. However, once more options become available, this game will really soar.In terms of world creation, this a wondorous world, that of a New London submerged into an underground world after a hypothetical disaster. You are a Zee Captain, able to chose from a variety of backgrounds from a Street Urchin to a Philosopher, each giving bonuses and a starting crew member to chose from. Or you can chose no background, and remain a figure of mystery across the zees.Recruit crew, make echoes (The currency of the Zee), upgrade your ships, kill monsters and pirates, become a merchant/smuggler, the choices are many. And if things go badly, you could leave yourself stranded at sea, the victim of cannibalism amongst the crew, or a vicious mutiny to depose your leadership.The sound in this game is exceptional, and creates great atmosphere to the surroundings of the underground Zee, often you'll be caught in the music and forget about what you're doing for a brief second, before being brought back to awareness by a swarm of bats.The map is random, which makes for fascinating exploration, and rewards are offered for exploration as well, which is a great incentive to get out there and check out the wide and open Zee.All in all, this is an excellent game for those who love games heavy on story and background, who love well-developed worlds that become apparent piece by piece, and don't mind exploration.While a few elements need addressing, such as the difficulty in making money (Which forces the player into a lot of grinding) and a few more story/quest elements to give more options, this game is a little gem that is worth playing and has the potential to get even better once it expands.The world of the Zee is fascinating, and you'll be left wanting to know more. No matter how many captains die in the attempt to explore it."
76561198099377199,Recommended,304650,14410789,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dragon Saint,"I have a very low tolerance for roguelike games normally, but this game is an exception, the few stable locations mean that each journey is not completely blind, but the randomised quests and story element ensure that each run also feels distinct, fresh, and new.The mechanics are quite simple, but they are well put together and satisfying. The true heart and draw of this game lies in the fantastic writing and story telling, which combine with excellent artwork and awesome sound design to create a truly unique atomsphere.So far I'm on my third captain and I see no end anytime soon, I heartily recommend this game to any fans of narrative focused games."
76561198034574474,Recommended,304650,14411112,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Murdon,"Bought the game expecting something similar to Rogue Legacy, ended up with something 3 times as addicting and entertaining! My First captain ran out of fuel near the first light ship outside of Fallen London (the Home port) after exploring the Zee, Prayed to the God Storm for aide and assistance to hopefully get to Fallend London, Instead I ended up at Kingeater's Castle on the opposite side of the map with only 1 supply and 1 barrel of fuel. I ran out and was happened upon by a ghost dreadnaught....... My next Captain did much better for himself, lasted longer and was even able to purchase a new deckgun. Then a Crew memeber went insane from high terror (just before this I had discovered that running without the light took less fuel, but increased terror faster) The cremember proceed to kill another crewmate, I attempted to stop her several times, suffered a wound and the death of 3 more crew. I was no longer able to run at top speed, which lead to me being overrun by pirate frigates...... I'm Happy to say that My 3rd is still alive and is on her way to making enough money for me to finally purchase a new ship. Overall a excellent game with many strange and unexpected twists. Plays like a RPG, reads Like a Lovecraftian novel."
76561198126528926,Recommended,304650,14411194,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,GayRetard,I love this game!! It has amazing music and sound! And really I don't know how to explain this game but pure awesomeness!! You need to buy thisand although I havn't played it much so far its been great!! I really recommend Sunless Sea!
,Recommended,304650,14412189,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,daiimus,"I've journeyed to the end of the underzee, forgotten the soft touch of the sun, sent men to there deaths, and lost my mind. Should you follow in my wake, do not say I did not warn you."
,Recommended,304650,14413233,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,solar128,"Like a mix of FTL, Wind Waker, and Arkham Horror."
,Recommended,304650,14418819,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kynereth,An incredibly fleshed-out lore due to being based in Fallen London. Absolutely captivating aesthetic.
,Recommended,304650,14417401,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NiftyHat,"My first captain, he wasn't prepared for the zeefaring life. He took offers from shady figures and squandered the resources he had untill he found himself in Fallen London with no fuel, no supplies and no money.My second captain, Cardinal Kickass, was a pope by trade. He traded Salt Stone for huge returns and explored the far south reaches of the zea. It was that same exploration that killed him, fleeing a flock of huge zee birds his engine exploded; killing half his crew and leaving him stranded to die.The Third Captain, a poet by the name of Keats, through many trials managed to reach the far east end of the ocean. Getting back however, turned out to be more than he could handle. To inspire the men out of their terror he stopped to fight a cloud of Zee Bats; but then another cloud appeared, and another.My fourth captain. An ex SOLDIER by the name of Cloud Strife; he still lives. Never to pass on a legacy alas, he insulted a zaloir who cursed him in the name of Salt. On returning to London he discovered his lass dead.Sunless Sea demands your patience. Rash choices such as exploring with too little fuel, not reading carefully before making choices and picking fights you aren't sure to win will kill you. Your boat ponders slowly from island to island, creeping in the darkness. Security and upgrades seem like a far flung dream in the future; requiring you to brave the journy multiple times. Yeild to it, and you will have a rewarding experiance."
,Recommended,304650,14419984,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,the_bee,Lose your mind.Eat your crew.Compile a Port Report.
,Recommended,304650,14949500,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Melcadrien [Demochef],"Sunless Sea is not going to be a game where everyone is going to like it.When you first play this game your not going to be killing every creature that lies in the sea.  In fact, these creatures are territorial and want to kill you.  Want to fight back?  Good luck!  Creatures that are around London aren't much of a fight but once you see their health rise up to 100+ be ready to load a save, start again, or run for your life as they can tear a hole in your ship faster than you can shoot them down.So the bulk of the combat does not come in until you get stronger.  You will be running from most battles without a second thought.The other part is text.  Lots and lots of beautiful text about the islands, the people, and your success or consequences.  So get your reading eyes ready.Those who are looking for an adventure to discover and look at the stories of the Sunless Sea this game is for you.Those who want to dive into action and 'kill, kill, kill' better look somewhere else as it is not for you.Words not convincing?  Here's some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4m0ISLYM_k"
76561198046115848,Not Recommended,304650,14950164,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,kingsmainman,"The most aggravating part of Sunless Sea is that it does so many things right that it makes it so much harder to admit that the game's not that great.Let's get the pro-points out of the way first:+The writing is elegant and fluid, and easily one of the game's best graces.+The setting and characters of Sunless Sea are both excellently portrayed and delightfully original.+The music is absolutely fantastic. I loved every score, in every area, every time I heard it.The above points are above scrutiny, and I have no complaints to make about them. I've heard a number of people complain about the slow speed of their ship, but I actually don't have any issue with that- after all, one can hardly expect to be driving a jetski on an underground lake in some fantasy-steampunk Victorian England. It certainly slows down the speed of the game itself, but I found that it helped with the suspenseful nature of the atmosphere. I can even look past a number of the ""repetitions"" you have to go through visiting ports.No, my problem with the game is that it just feels like a complete throw of the dice every time you have to start again, with no sense of control over my final demise.You realize very quickly during the start of the game that while traveling, you burn through fuel and supplies like a bonfire, and if you can't find a number of nearby ports with which you can get easy money and supplies fast, then you're SOL. The problem with this is that you neither know where such ports are, nor what you can do at them to make the desperately-needed dosh. Because of this, I guarantee you that your first few runs will splat, hands-down. After them, though, you will have found-or rather, learned, since the game map scrambles itself for the most part after every playthrough- a couple of areas that will show profit, maybe, if you visit them in the right order. You scrape together all the fuel and supplies you can buy, strike out, and map as large an area as you can to find them while giving yourself enough fuel to return home on.Huzzah! Now you have a map AND fuel/supplies, and the game can start in earnest... but what about all those areas of the map you explored before? (And trust me- unless you want to splat again, there WILL be blank areas of the map left by the time you're back in London.) Well, therein lies the problem- exploring them gives no guarantee that you can actually get the money/fuel/supplies you literally need to survive. What if you go exploring some area and it's all just reefs and rocks, with no one interested in talking/selling/giving you anything? You'll splat again, and have to start right back at the beginning. That actually discourages exploration of other sites, and herein lies the ""repetitive"" nature of the game that no one seems to care for. After a while, though, staple-sites run the risk of changing as you interact with them, eventually becoming ""sterile"". This forces you to explore to new areas, with no guarantee of success, and it basically means you stop caring about the narrative that is forming around you and more about whether or not it's going to go anywhere profitable. That's a damn shame, because I WANT to explore this sea. And I WANT to find out more about these characters. But all of it takes a back-seat to just trying to survive, and ultimately, it leaves them discarded.If I had to bottom-line it, I'd say that the slow speed of the game, resulting in the long time it takes to build to anywhere worthwhile, conflict with the perilously-imbalanced risk-reward ratio of actually exploring, and as a result a lot of the finer points of the game get outshined by its flaws. I'm playing this game, and I'm trying to have fun with it, but I never really feel like I'm in control. I don't know where to go, what to do, what to bring, where to get what from who or how. And that's just a damper, period."
76561198040948288,Recommended,304650,15368484,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Seafood Disco,"A great little game. Very story-driven. A lot of text, but it is very well written, and the stories are actually very interesting. The tone of this game is perfectly creepy, and you will quickly find yourself becoming immersed in this world."
76561198005975683,Recommended,304650,15371659,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Chrof,Follow the call of the wretched under sea!
76561197977095309,Not Recommended,304650,15373127,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,drkdmnluck,"I really liked the feel of the game...  In the beta. Right until they changed the combat from turn-based to real time. If I could turn combat back to turn-based, I'd play.  But now... No."
76561198060605118,Recommended,304650,15512188,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TrashPanda,I love this game! It's got such a neat world and lots of things to do and explore
,Not Recommended,304650,15299544,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dilpil aka www.twitch.tv/dilpil,"Its got alot of cool concepts, but this game fundumentally does not respect your time.  For me, that was eventually a dealbreaker."
76561198114482178,Recommended,304650,15301105,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dark Librarian,"Story rich, fun if unforviging at first yes your captains will zink beneath the waves, but one will succeed and u can zink into the captains life."
76561198179292191,Recommended,304650,15270422,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,KILK,"Creative, massive and immersive. Wacky and spooky stories everywhere sometimes you even grow tired of them.I mean, literally."
,Recommended,304650,15286948,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Liam,This is brilliant.
76561198023236173,Recommended,304650,15213937,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,000021030120400-265125,its aight
76561198051365169,Not Recommended,304650,15214615,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Thomas5496,"This game could have been interesting. It could have been fun. But the ratio of time to reward is just way too skewed. I've spent around 12 hours I think and feel like I've made an extremely small amount of progression. After doing some reading, I discovered I was playing correctly as far as making echoes but that's what I spent almost all of my time doing just so I could  move faster than a damn snail. I've died to completely random events that just decided to occur and you can only pass on a very limited amount of items and stats to the next playthrough. This feels like an unfinished game which is sad because you can see the potential. I feel like I wasted my money and just cannot recommend this game to anyone in it's current state. Save yourself a lot of frustration and spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,304650,15218051,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gulegule,Sail a sea of eternal darkness while slowly starving and going mad.
76561198006315940,Recommended,304650,15185946,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,lorro,"Frist hour or two on the game can be really hard and full of death, but once you figure out the basics and a good way to earn sum money you begin to realise how indepth and how far your decisions can affect the story, very addictive game. 'Maybe just one more port before i log'?Highly Recommend!"
,Recommended,304650,15258945,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Lawdreekris,Make a ♥♥♥♥♥on of money smuggling sunlight than lose it all because your captian decides to start opening the boxes10/10
76561198121212272,Recommended,304650,15459186,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,cattywhampus,"This is a beautiful game with fantastic worldbuilding and a great story. Really, I don't remember when I've played a game where I was so in thrall of the experience. It has a gravity that really pulls you in. The writing is eerie, funny, bizarre, and poignant, all at once.Do you spend a lot of time sailing around in the middle of nowhere in great anxiety about managing to get home before fuel runs out, leaving you alone in the dark to go mad? Yes, you do. But if you're careful enough, you can learn from past mistakes and gradually save up enough money to buy better equipment and explore farther corners of the map. It's not a fast-paced game, but it is one with a lot of imagination and atmosphere, where your choices determine the totally free-form story.(Also the browser game Fallen London is in the same world, and also great!)"
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,304650,15342274,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"A great idea from a company whose writing I love, but the initial difficulty curve is just too discouraging to be worth pushing through."
76561198039207536,Recommended,304650,14606987,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,shawn.main,Beautiful game built around exploring a uniquely haunting world.
76561198013991095,Recommended,304650,14658498,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zack,Buy this game.
,Recommended,304650,14661203,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Baggykiin,"I should preface this by saying I have a soft spot for all games that involve seafaring - or, as Sunless Sea would call it: Zeefaring.Sunless Sea is a story-driven game about exploration and taking risks, but what truly sets it apart is its phenomenal writing and unique setting. As the story goes, London has been taken underground by bats, and it now sits on the coast of the Sunless Sea - a large, underground body of water, covered in darkness and chock-full of nasty beasties. Your job is simple. Make a living here, or perish. As you sail across the sea, you will discover ports and settlements, all of them full of unique stories and events. These all set the theme for the game: a strange mix of humour and horror, bizarreness in every sense of the word, but without breaking the suspension of disbelief. You have to experience it to believe it.If you want to get a bit of an idea of what it's like, I can recommend watching TotalBiscuit's research video on the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vv6NIB_u8jw"
,Not Recommended,304650,14681762,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ThrashingLikeAManiac,Sunless Stutter 24/7.Making patches that increase stutter problems that were in the 1.0 build? This should still be in beta.
76561197961785156,Recommended,304650,14580652,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TankFox,"Amazing atmosphere and writing. This is the only game I've played in years where I've actually found myself interested and involved by the quest text. I'm so used to blasting my away through opposition in game after game that it's refreshing to be the one who runs scared, finds the way around, because fighting is dangerous and unprofitable, while still looking forward to getting strong enough to go toe to toe with the enemies that chase me."
,Recommended,304650,14582993,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Anori,Fantastic game.  Travelling times are a bit too long for me though.
,Recommended,304650,14583735,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Typhi,"You control a ship and sail around in an underground ocean which is filled with islands.You have to manage fuel, food and terror levels for your ship.You make expeditions out to other islands away from what appears to be some sort of mainland. At each port, things can happen. Stories will trigger when certain cirumstances are met. The stories are sometimes like quests, and they're quite interesting. Through stories and trading and stuff you can acquire currency and upgrade your ship and do more stories.The default mode of play doesn't allow manual saving - you're expected to die. The captain who follows can pick up small parts of what you accomplished, and you can pass down more to the next ""captain"" if you take certain actions while your previous captain is still alive.A major drawback of the death -> ""respawn"" system is that the stories are the same. So if you die you'll find yourself repeating stuff, unless you choose a different direction to explore in.I found it really intense with the permadeath stuff enabled. The atmosphere was great and the stakes were high.I died once, and really did not like needing to redo what I had already accomplished becuase of the repetition.At some point during my second captain's run I felt like I had accomplished so much that it would be an extreme waste of time if I died again (as I was mainly playing for the stories), so I'm ashamed to say that I enabled manual saving. Manual saving did detract from the experience quite a bit, but at the same time it preserved my sanity and my desire to keep playing.Bottom line:-Enjoyable-Interesting stories-Feel it would become crushingly depressing and repetitive if I had to replay everything I had accomplished each time I died (so I became a filthy casual)"
76561198174619262,Recommended,304650,14445029,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,wintercooled,"I don't think that this game is so much about following a main story than it is having small stories and intrigue driving pure exploration, resource management and risk taking. You get drawn into things you didn't plan and have to make decisions on the fly to try and keep going.I would suggest NOT reading any game guides as you play as they will just turn it into a chore-fest devoid of any feeling of adventure and fun - go to A, buy B, sell at C etc. They all focus on money and all that will bring is so much fuel and supplies that exploring the map is just a matter of sitting there watching a boat sail around without consequence or risk. Not very fun.I bought this because I was a bit bored of the 'you are Earth's only chance of survival' / 'press F to open crate... you found a health pack!... Press F to open crate... you found some machine gun ammo!...' type games where the only 'adventure' is following an on-rails story line and cardboard cut out characters.Anyway - I'm 14 hours in and get up an hour or so early each day to play before work, and I am not generally a 'morning person' - that's how much I am enjoying it.Each to their own of course - but if you fancy a change and a game that is both relaxing and exciting in equal measure then I'd definitely suggest giving this a go.EDIT - after 20 hours of play I had uncovered all of the map and although there are still plenty of stories to follow up I have lost interest now. So really for me the fun was exploration - the stories didn't grip me."
,Recommended,304650,14495182,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Some Asshole,"An incredible nautical adventure through a horrific, lovecraftian hellscape called the 'neath. The writing and atmosphere are unparalleled, and you will constantly find yourself sucked in by new and unexpected intrigues."
,Recommended,304650,14661034,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Koshe,"After 26 hours of play, I've decided to write a review. There are many good reviews already, so I'll try to make it short. Sunless Sea is mostly an exploration game and interactive fiction, with some rogue-like elements, including permadeath with the possibility of passing things to your next character, and semi-procedurally generated environnements. The universe is mysterious, intriguing like Lovecraftian universes should be; you get stories there and there, and you have to put the pieces together. The 2d graphics are gorgeous in my opinion, the art style is great, and the shaders are beautiful. And the writing is great.The game feels a lot like interactive fiction. There are two main aspects to the gameplay. There's sailing thezee, where you explore the vastUnterzee, fight enemies, using your keyboard to move and attack, while keeping an eye on your fuel, supplies, and Terror level. And then there's the reading : when stopping at a port, the game feels more like an interactive fiction. There are many interactions, with different conditions, choices, and sometimes a random element. The two aspects of the game complement each other. There are also random events when you're at sea, text can pop up while you'rezailing, with choices to make most of the time. If you've played Fallen London (the game), you may be familiar with the storylets system used in the game. If not, you may want to check some gameplay videos, just to see if it's your cup of tea.Sunless Sea is primarly a game ofchoices. You'll have to makelotsof choices. And not only in the ""interactive fiction parts"", but also while explorating. If you go that far, will you manage to get back to Fallen London (the main city)? Will you be able to buy enough fuel and supplies if you buy that thing? Can you afford to take a detour to go to this place?The game can be hard when you start. My first captain died after a few hours, with no heir, and no legacy anyway. My second captain survived 20hrs+, and he's still alive (although it's probably because I can be very cautious). I don't find the game that hard. It's justreallygrindy. Discovering new places feels great, but you won't always discover places, and sometimes you may not have enough fuel/supplies/money (to buy those) to go further into unknown territory. Making money will seem hard at first, but once you understand how the game works, what each places need, and where you can get what you need, making money and progressing the game will be easier. If you're cautious like me, you may survive for way longer than you thought, and even secure things for your next captain!Keep in mind that exploration and reading+interacting are the main focuses of the game. The combat system is not great, you have no way to dodge an attack, and most of the time staying close behind an enemy will grant you a boring and relatively easy victory -- because enemies can't fire backward. So that's one flaw, but notthatimportant, because once again that's not the focus of the game.I'm a little worried about the replay value on the long run, because my second captain is still alive after 20hrs+ and I've discovered a good portion of the map. But with a different ambitions, different choices (and the choices that come after), different focuse (combat, or exploration, etc.), I think I could go with a third captain when my second one dies.tl;drSunless Sea is a great game, and you should buy it! It's a great mix of exploration, a little survival, and interactive fiction, with lots of stories to read, and choices to make. The universe is intriguing. The lore almost secret. And the writing is good. The game may not be perfect -- I'm looking at you, combat system --, but it's still great!One advice for futurezailors: when leaving port to sail thezee, stop at as many ports as you can, even the ones you've already visited, because reporting back when returning to the main city will earn you some money and fuel."
76561198025400051,Recommended,304650,14671195,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lake,This is my GOTY. I can honestly see myself putting more time into this than Skyrim.
,Recommended,304650,14739897,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Saint,Amazing atmosphere and story and solid gameplay. A ton to explore and a very interesting world. Would recommend
,Recommended,304650,14740769,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Insane,LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW. DIE.
,Recommended,304650,14741509,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,StormenDK,"What can I say? ... It is a fun and engaging game.I was a little sceptical when I heard of the title, but after seeing a Let's Play session with TotalBiscuit on YouTube, I was convinced to give it a go, and with a price of 19 EUR, it wasn't too much of a gamble.It is a pretty simple game. Controls are easy and the learning curve is not that steep. I did spend the first few captains just sailing around scraping in enough money to cover fuel and supplies. But eventually I grasped how to make sure that I could earn enough to cover those and find other ways of earning money.The story in the game is good, and the writing is both fun, quirky and interesting.On the down side I would say that combat with other ships is too easy at the start, though I have great problems with crabs and bats, but that is probably due to my ineptitude for that kind of combat.Also a better journal would be nice. It is ok to track missions I am currently on. But I have no way of recording which missions are available in which ports and what I need to get them started. So I have to remember that I need 7 Stygian Ivory and a Hunter's trophy to start a specific mission in Godfall.So I end up having to do a speadsheet or notebook on the side to keep track of these, otherwise I forget where to go for what missions.But the payoff in fun is good. My second captain ended up far from shore with no fuel and almost no supplies. What does a good captain do? .. he prays to the God of Salt, who generously hear his prayers and teleports the ship to the wrong side of the map and still no fuel. I even end up at a port with no re-fueling options. Scrounging through my last supplies, I get enough fuel to limp to a port where I can refuel. Sadly I don't have much money, so I buy what I can, and a little supplies and head off towards London far far away.I actually manage to almost make it before my supplies and fuel run out again. Now what do I do?? .. This time we sacrifice two sailors to the God of Stone, and magically get some fuel ... but the rest of the crew is getting hungry, and before I aarive in London, one more sailor have mysteriously disappeared while the crew's hunger has been reduced.I thanks my lucky stars when I set foot in London. I made it!! ... sadly the customs officers raid my ship and confiscate a box of unstamped human souls, which I was smuggling for a shady character in London. Same shady dude is then awaiting me on the docks, and he is not happy that I lost the cargo. Now I know how Han Solo felt.... He attacks me and my crew, and since we have been decimated by god sacrifices and dinner, he kills all of us. Dammit. So close."
76561198072434060,Recommended,304650,11177559,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Kageshin,Wonderfully immersive even at this stage of the game's development(I've lost track of hours at a time while playing).  I eagerly look forward to where the developers will take it.  Word of note...if you don't like reading then look at some other game.
,Recommended,304650,11188630,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Amberizzle,"I'm a huge fan of Fallen London, but when I first picked up this game, I was skeptical.I'd seen advertisements before but never bit because... well, I'm just not that into seafaring games. Plus my biggest gripes about Fallen London had to do with an Echo imbalance (money being INSANELY hard to come by) and repetitive tasks (not to mention a crummy action bar that only lets you take a certain amount of actions per day), and Sunless Sea had the potential to carry over two of those things.Alas, it did. But let's talk about the good things first.The game is fun. The missions are mysterious and interesting (especially on a certain island very close to home). Although limited, you can make choices that affect the story and finding all the different sea creatures is really neat. Based on your background choices at the start of the game, you even inherit certain abilities that will make the fights more interesting.For instance, I chose a talent for ""Mirrors,"" which is basically perception or ""Watchful"" from Fallen London (more or less). This means that in combat, I can observe the creatures instead of fighting them and piece together information to learn more about them. It adds a level of tension since the monsters can continue to hit me while I do this, but the payout could be worth it.Now, the bad stuff.One of my biggest pet peeves about Fallen London was that Echos are insanely hard to come by. This relegates you to completing the same tasks over and over and over again (grinding, essentially) in order to obtain enough money to buy even the lower level items, which got old quick. Additionally, since Fallen London had an action bar that limited how many actions you could perform in a day, grinding was frustrating since you were wasting actions on performing the same task a multitude of times.There's no action bar in Sunless Sea, but there is quite a bit of grinding. The Admiralty sends you on missions to find ""strategic information,"" but the trouble comes in that you end up getting the same ports over and over again (I've lost count of how many times I've been sent to Avid Horizon, for example). Nothing new happens on subsequent visits, and it gets boring quickly, but sailing to ports and exploring on your own isn't worth it without a charter from the Admiralty since that's basically the only way you can make any Echoes to pay for your fuel and supplies. If you ignore the Admiralty and just sail about willy-nilly, you'll end up dead in the water very quickly since your crew will eat you.In this way, the game discourages exploration, and I feel the same way about its ""terror"" mechanic. Terror is accrued through time spent away from home waters (basically anywhere outside of your home port in Fallen London) and rises steadily as you sail. Random encounters will increase terror too, and once you get above 80 or so, crew start to exhibit strange symptoms. If you get to 100... well, any number of bad things happen (all of them game-ending).The problem is that terror accrues *too* quickly, and more than that, there aren't many ways to effectively reduce it (especially since you eventually lose access to one of them permanently). You can spend a night in your room for 10 Echoes to reduce a whopping 1 terror, or carouse at the Wolfstack Docks for 30 Echoes to reduce your terror by a mere 5. And though it's true that your terror gets reduced every time you return to port, it only gets lowered to 50, which means that the next time you set sail, you better hope you don't have far to go or that you run into a random encounter that actually allows you to lower your terror somehow.Stopping at other ports doesn't help unless you're again willing to spend money, and that's a hefty price too. In Venderbight it's 50 Echoes for one night in which your terror is reduced by 5, and there are a lot of ports where you don't even have the option to take shore leave at all.And then there's the nightmare mechanic, which is what happens after your first mission when your terror gets set to fifty back at London. The next time you leave, you'll undoubtedly rank up 70 or so terror total. When this happens, it still reduces to 50 back at your home port, but now you get a quality called ""nightmare strength."" Once this reaches 5, you start taking even MORE terror because you're having nightmares.So basically, success in the game is ruled heavily by acquiring Echoes, only they're few and far between. Without them, you either go mad or starve, and much of the thrill of exploration can't be experienced because the gameplay avidly works against you, and not just in a challenging way, but in one that makes it nigh impossible to get anywhere good.I should note at this point that I don't feel terror is a bad mechanic, just one that's heavily flawed at the moment. There should also be a way to guard yourself from it once you've been on a certain number of missions. Maybe after your first three, the rate at which you accrue terror points reduces, and more significantly after that. You and your crew are gaining experience here, after all. The game should reflect that.Additionally, there aren't many quests at this point. I know that's coming soon so I don't judge it too harshly for that, but I do wish there was more to do.Lastly, I'm annoyed by the fact that the mode the game was ""meant to be played in"" doesn't allow for multiple save files. You can't save manually and it only autosaves when you reach a port, which is all well and good, but making a new game completely wipes your previous data. The only way to bypass this is to play the game on ""Merciful"" mode, which removes the Invictus token and insinuates you couldn't hack it on any other level of difficulty. I wouldn't have changed the settings if it weren't for the fact that more than one person in my house likes to play the game, and instead of constantly saving over each other's files, we decided to just change the settings, but I feel like it should be a fairly basic feature to include and I'm not sure why it wasn't in the first place.But as always, Failbetter makes a great game through storytelling, mystery, horror, incredible atmosphere, and intriguing characters. I truly do recommend it and I'm just hoping to see some of these issues fixed in future updates!"
,Recommended,304650,11150233,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pepperedmoose,"Pretty good in its late beta build.Pro's* Great storyline. (its always changing!)* Can edit configs for difficulty settings (in this build)* It's tiny! (516MB!)Con's* Default difficulty is insane! (its like hard mode straight away)* Creature battles are a chore* Not enough immersion (A BIG FAT ""YET!"")id buy it now and wait a bit because its ok but not quite playable (not dayz unplayable)"
76561198029919552,Recommended,304650,11150667,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TechnoGoth,"hmm.  What to say about this game.  It is additivity fun and there are over a 12 hours of content in the current build but you will hit dead ends and coming soon messages.You will struggle to make money, you will die frequently, you will limp back to port with only a couple of crew members left hoping to reach london before everyone dies of terror. Once you get the hang of things it will become easier but you'll need to do a lot of grinding to make enough money to buy the later items or a new ship.If you enjoy Fallen London you'll enjoy Sunless Sea.  If you like bizarre dark victorian worlds you'll enjoy this game.  Should you buy it now?  Maybe on the other hand the longer you wait the deeper the world will become."
,Recommended,304650,11225045,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,tycho5,"The dark, underground seas of an alternate Victorian London? The combination of mysticism and maritime exploration? Sign me up!I'm really digging this game so far but I feel like I'm missing something?So far, there isn't an overall narrative to follow, which should be fine as long as you have an idea on what you should or could be doing, right?It took me a little while to get the hang of the game, definitely restarted several times (ie. died). I have a reasonable grasp on how to start now; make some money, upgrade my ship, and push a little further into the fog of war.But what is pushing me? Why am I searching for more?Maybe the narrative is coming in the form of more content?Anyways, I do like this game, I'm looking forward to more content and some more development.The ambience, art direction, and gameplay are all excellent. I do recommend this, maybe lightly right now and maybe a little more strongly as the game matures."
,Recommended,304650,11226065,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Intangible,"Great game, love the concept and gameplay. might not be for everyone so i would recommed haveing a look on the internet for some lets plays. I would reccomend watching SpatterCatGameings lets plays.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aVzoUg3yPAThe price however is a bit steep for an early access but all together a really great game."
76561198030746523,Recommended,304650,11091873,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,mgb1229,"This is one of the more promising early access games I've played so far. Yes, you will encounter ""Placeholder Beasties"", and some content that just isn't available yet, but for an early access game it does have quite a bit of depth to the story and gameplay paths you can pursue. The game is challenging; your fuel burns quickly, there are countless ways to meet your permadeath - that tend to sneak up on you rather quickly if you get stuck out at sea longer than anticipated, and in some cases, your fate is completely determined by chance.. I won't say that is a good or bad thing, that is for you as a player to decide based off your personal tastes, but the game has all the elements necessary to make it one of those ""just one more trip"" games that remarkably make the hours of the day fly by.The bad: The game is seriously unforgiving... and can end in the blink of an eye. You might think you have made all the necessary upgrades and improvements you need to best your current enemies until they blast you with 10 zillion damage... :/EDIT: One thing that seems to make no sense whatsoever, is that when you upgrade your ship you can't recruit past 10 crew because it's always locked at ""no more than 9 or 10"" so depending on the size of your ship this means you could always be cursed to move at half speed.. unless of course there is a magic fairy somewhere that fills your crew up."
,Recommended,304650,11220764,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mr. Bucket.skinhub.com,Good game!
76561197982921959,Recommended,304650,11221875,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Townsie,Scary good.
76561197975359487,Recommended,304650,11209879,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Savage,"If you like your games gritty, dark, depressive and narrative with a hint of H.P Lovecraft thrown in, then this game is for you. Survival. Horror. Exploration. These are the main themes within Sunless Sea. Sunless Sea is an original game with a very interesting and well written lore built up around it that drives you onward to wanting to learn more of the background they've created. This is definitely a game that I dare say has the biggest potential right now on Steam in terms of what they are planning.Right now the game is very much enjoyable. There are a lot of issues with balance and a few with combat (lack of stealth mechanics being employed effectively) but those are short-term annoyances that are bound to get fixed up as development progresses.This is definitely a game I would recommend for those looking for originality in game design, for change..."
76561198092220257,Recommended,304650,11210271,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Pgray57,"Very good game! Great colors, story, and gameplay. Love the steampunk atmosphere and the exploration of the unknown. I would recommend it to anyone who likes explorer and/or sailing games. lots of fun."
76561197975463963,Recommended,304650,11107100,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Dropdown,"What has befallen London?  Beneath the surface lies the ruins of the once great nation.  Steam ships explore the surrounding ""zee"" (sea).  It's dark and forebording; unforgiving.The graphics are 2D top-down.  The world is dark (the sun is on the surface, which clearly we're not there) but between citites, islands, and lights on the sea there is some bastion of hope.  The overall color palette is green/blue with tinges of red lights, golden crabs, and brown ships.  From the moment I started I could see the Lovecraft inspiration.The game play consists of moving your ship from port to port to collect stories, goods, and other information.  As the captain, your job is to hire crew (zailors) and officers, keep the fed, keep your ship fueled, and continue to upgrade to survive the dangers of the zee.  You have to manage equipment upgrades (such as better cannons, a stronger hull), resources (food and fuel), and ""echoes"" - the currency of Fallen London.Several key stats influence how well you do with different tasks; Hearts, Mirrors, Veils, Iron, etc.  The higher these ratings, the easier it is to complete a task and earn your reward.In between ports you have to face the dangers of the zee.  Between steam pirates, megolops, bat swarms, and other dangers, there are plenty of terrors to keep a captain busy.  So do you outrun them or face them head on?  When starting a battle, it cuts to another 2D screen where you are on the left and your enemy is on the right.  It took a few tries before I understood the basics of combat.  Your goal is to first illuminate your target to the point where you can do other actions (the green eye is always a good starting place).  You can observe your target and hope to get a high enough to score to learn something after the battle - provided you survive.  You can launch attacks (the higher your iron rater the better the damage).  All the while the enemy is doing the same - increasing your illumination so they can attack you or eat your delicious crew.  You can reduce your distance/flee to diminish your illumination rater or escape.The game only offers a small portion right now, with more promised by the developers to come.  Parts of the sea warn you that it's not finished and will be updated later.  I enjoy what I've played so far - great atmosphere, unique story, perfect mood.  However, if you're hesistant about purchasing a game early I'd wait a little longer for more content.Pros: Eerie atmosphere.  Giant crabs.  Different setting from typical games of this genre.  Difficult, challenging game.Cons: Controls took some time getting used to.  It's not always clear what items or for or if something is important.  The combat is rather dull and uninspired: the mechanics are there, but the presentation leaves something to be desired.Suggestions: Combat animations would be a nice addition and help keep us invested in the atmosphere (and keep things more tense).  Sometimes I'd lose crew members but not even realize it.  Also, I hope that eventually you'll develop a randomly generated sea as well so things are never the same twice."
,Recommended,304650,11109626,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,FearStreak,"Love It with all my heart...Because I've played Fallen London.This is the sad truth that comes with this game. Most of the story is like a gigantic inside joke because only the people that know the Lore before hand, enough to understand the game, it's purpose, and therefore feel like you have an actual objective when playing. However, the people who dont know a scrap about Fallen London and buy Sunless Sea anyway are left in the dark. This is fully expressed in many of the thumbs down ratings and complaints written in the discussion topics for this game. Despite the Failbetter Games' staff addressing the many Lore Questions and even all the experted players also giving much needed insight into the lore and terminology of this game, many players still feel in the dark.Because of this I ask the Dev Team to make a Library within Fallen London to adress these many issues so that the players can read up on the lore, or for there to be a Official Link within the Game Main Menu that will direct the players to a detailed description of [mostly] everything there is to know about the game without giving away large spoilers.Now with this one problem out of the way, i can give my full review.IMO, this game is not only Playable, Enjoyable, but also nearly without bugs.So far I've found only 1 bug and as i read the Developer News, they are adressing it and will patch it in the next update.The Story Content is just as amazing as Fallen London. Just like the texture game there are random events that pop up during your travels that give us a suprise or a intresting adventure. They are fun to read and play thorugh. So far, none of the enemies i encounter are to OverPowered to the point where i cant escape them, or to underpowering where they die without a fight. Once the Dev team finishes with  the publication of the rest of the map, the remaining content features, more storylines that have yet to be revealed, and the few other challenges we can take up as a Captain, I would say this game is on its way to being done.Just please do something about introducing the story to new players who have never heard of Fallen London, much less StoryNexus."
76561197987179449,Recommended,304650,11109701,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ScorchedWind,"At a glance I had a good feeling about this one, and I was not disappointed. This is not a fast paced game, this is a sprawling adventure on the open zee. If the trailer and pictures make you think ""this looks interesting"" then I would suggest picking it up because the quality does not disappoint. My only hesitation is that since there is so much more content to come in a relatively short time, you may be well served in waiting a bit longer so that when you first jump in you'll have that much more to explore.That said, there is plenty to do right now, and getting in earlier will make it easier to enjoy the rest of the content when it becomes available.Big kudos to the devs! You've put together something really special."
,Recommended,304650,11110557,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Had,"A fun and merciless game that you will both be good and bad at throughout your playtime, worth the money"
76561198030790618,Recommended,304650,11112150,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ratbastard,"False-summer sends Jack-of-Smiles, Fallen London's most prolific murderer, just that little bit more unhinged. Who can blame him? The maddening, stinging clouds of marsh-gnats, the soupy humidity, the incessant chattering of the brightly-dressed crowds thronging the tea-houses and taverns. Not to mention the extra...temptations provided for him at the edges of said crowds, where citizens may not always be strictly sober or entirely without sin."
76561198016763247,Recommended,304650,11112904,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ResistanceIsFeudal,"The tone and setting of the game are fantastic. Just enough Lovecraft while maintaining a great sense of humor and absurdity to keep it from being too gloomy or too campy.A lot of art in this style ends up getting a bit too scary which can be fatiguing, or coming off as ungrounded if it's too comical, but not this one. I think we are looking at an instant classic, especially if devs are willing to continue broadening the trading aspects, missions, and stories.Pulling off a ""GothicElite"" is certainly easier said than done, but this setting has a wealth of potential and I genuinely hope to play this one for years to come.The bad: while it is not a super early release, there are a few bugs, in my experience with text formatting and style sheet type stuff. It hardly detracts, but it is safe to say that there is polishing to be done. In terms of the stability and the core mechanics, I've yet to come across a single issue, and the game runs very smoothly, with ~1 second load times (only leaving the main menu, never in game) even when task switching (the lovely melancholy main theme is playing in the background as I type this!).Also, while there are a ton of great stories already, with interesting goals and characters enough to feel like a living world, there is work to be ton in filling in content, with certain locations feeling incomplete. Once you've completed the main quest line at certain locations (coughHunter's Keepcough hack) there sometimes is no reason to return to them, as there are no new events, or economic reasons to go there. This is especially an issue since the game centers around a central hub to which you must return regularly, and you end up passing locations which were once fruitful, but have become barren.I sincerly hope that this can be remedied first with simply more content, maybe through global random events, and I especially feel that getting the economics of trade with various locations dialed in will go a long way toward keeping the game engaging and fun, in theElitetradition."
76561197962196041,Recommended,304650,11113368,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,SolidusPrime,"Great game. It's like old school Oregon Trail meets Choose-Your-Own-Adventure, meets H.P. Lovecraft. It has roleplaying and survival elements.The base mode is set to where if you die, you are dead, that's it. You can save up for a ""Will"" item and pass your holdings (maybe more) down to your ""relatives"" (new characters). I haven't died yet, but came pretty close lol. I am being very careful until I can set up a house for my son / daughter. I'm having a lot of fun with it so far."
76561198067418565,Recommended,304650,11113516,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,QuarterSquats,"the atmosphere is simply amazing, it really gives the player a well implemented atmosphere of dark gloomy and mysterious enviornment while the characters are shady and honestly keep me reading every bit of dialogue ... extremely well crafted game and i cannot wait to see what more is implemented into the full release"
76561198027144242,Recommended,304650,12671734,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Dr. Shotgun,"Well designed, excellent atmosphere, well written and intriguing story that develops very organically. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,304650,12506808,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Nathan,"Incomplete (expected), but wonderful. It seems to have many elements in common withhttp://fallenlondon.storynexus.com/including the world. It's partly a exploration game, wondering the seas with some battles, and partly a, uhh..., text adventure game with a sort-of 'card game' theme. I enjoyed it a lot."
76561198010681732,Recommended,304650,12508190,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Stoned Fox,"Awesome game already! Still in development! Lovecraftian horror RPG in a boat!Simple graphics... a bit of reading (but it's because of great story archs!)... simple gameplay in a complex world. Immersive setting.To the developers -Please let the ship drift a little longer after losing fuel... It is so frustrating to be inches away from port. Maybe have a limited ""sailors use oars"" option?(Grain of salt... I haven't played enough) - More trade options. At the moment I can't see any viable trade routes.KEEP MAKING THIS GAME! It is so simple to play, yet to complex to wrap the head around. It is an absolutely immersive experience."
76561198053115401,Recommended,304650,12544367,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Beach Master,"Sorta reminds me of FTL. Manage those resources, explore, fight, permadeath. got a new favorite here"
76561198059873289,Recommended,304650,12711184,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hlaine Larkin mk2,"Although this game is still in early access the current product is a great game. This game revolves around the zee of Fallen London (Failbetter's browser text RPG). The Unterzee is a dark, dangerous place and full of terrors. you are a Zee Captain and you must navigate these waters while trying your best to keep you & your crew sane enough to prevent any murderous rampage.At present you can have multiple origins and differing end games depending on your own choice, although currently in Early access only two endings are available. There's also a plentiful supply of side quests, will you assist the admiralty in trying to ressurect the empire? Will you become a smuggler on your road to riches? Will you sell your soul to the devil or help the mysterious curator of Venderblight?As it is a Roguelike game the high zee is a dangerous place to travel even without other humans around to step on your toes. Strange creatures such as Bound-Sharks, Living Icebergs, Giant Crabs and jellyfish roam the unter-zee. As well as this there are pirates and Khanites who generally have better ships than you, do you avoid them or try and win by out-manoeuvering them. But did you bring enough fuel to keep the engines churing? Do you have enough supplies to keep whatever crew you brought with you fed well, or will you tunr into a cannibal to keep alive? Or will terror consume your crew and will you be plagued by the nightmares?Even death offers  choices: will your chart of the Unterzee make it back to your inheritor, or did one of your crew survive whatever fate befell your ship, or did you teach your inheritor some of the workings or running a ship on the zee? (mechanically speaking the last option lets you pass on progress of one of your 5 five skills) And did you leave a solid enough will to leave behind your home and some of your property or will it be whisked away before your heir can take to the high zee?The only thing I feel really needs tweaked is that the economy needs some work as quite a few missions aren't worth doing once you take into account the cost of fuel of supplies involved in transporting the goods, that and the other ships available to purchase are prohibitly expensive."
76561198036890268,Recommended,304650,13855190,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PancakeZero,Really great if you like managing things during gameplay.
76561198141762054,Recommended,304650,13881424,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hutchie2112,"Amazing game, even just to listen to the music, and nothing else"
76561197972684196,Recommended,304650,13887537,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,crash and burn,"I want to say this game is awesome. I enjoy gameplay and all, and this game has it, but I really like stories. I LOVE stories. Comics, books, Dune series, Vampire Chronicles, etc. I ♥♥♥♥ing love stories.I am enthralled with this game. The atmosphere is great. The writing is top-notch, at least to my style. It's very interested, the backdrop and setting. Even the sounds are great.Honestly, I've been waiting for this update to actually start playing. I've been waiting like a kid on Christmas eve, for months now. I happily bought this game at almost full price months ago, maybe Sept, just so I could support the development.I was especially waiting for combat to be tweaked as well as lots and lots of stories.I think we've hit the point where I can jump in and ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥ like my first girlfriend when I was 16. Speaking of that, I'm trying to explain to my current GF what I'm doing.I asked her 3 year old daughter if I should ""dump supplies overboard, because my sailors think the Storm god is real and we must make sacrifice. Do you?""She said dump them.10/10"
76561197970745965,Recommended,304650,14091854,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Daneel,Love this game! I hope it becomes very popular and gets expanded a lot!
76561198066046052,Recommended,304650,13945091,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,jessb66,"I play Fallen London and bought Sunless Sea because I wanted an affordable way to enjoy Failbetter Games' wonderful writing in longer game sittings.  Sunless Sea shares Fallen London's game world.  You play as a steamboat captain and trade, explore and fight the monsters and enemies of the Unterzee.  This is NOT AN EASY game.  The writing is certainly there, but I get it a little bit at a time because the game is so difficult.  If you are like me (and most others) you will die and die often in this game.That said, I still recommend it.  I stuck with it and eventually came up with some ""survival"" strategies that are working for me.  Sunless Sea is a good value.  You will get many hours of gameplay out of it.  There are different starting conditions, different ""win"" objectives, the map switches around with each new game.There is plenty to do and explore in-game.  The game is not linear and your choices matter.  There are things to guide you on what you might want to do next.  Each playthrough is unique.  The action of the game is all real-time.  The stories are delivered in text adventures in different ports of call.  I like to read and enjoy the game setting.  It's different (not fantasy, or war or sci-fi or zombies) and it's well-developed.Sunless Sea looks good and plays well on my aging and none too impressive laptop.  The game is brand new (still early access as of this review). My laptop doesn't have the graphics capability to handle new AAA games.  It's nice to have something new that works on it.I have played the game quite a bit since I got it and plan to continue.  I got it on sale, but Sunless Sea would have been a great value at full price, based on the many hours of gameplay I have enjoyed with it."
76561198143168168,Recommended,304650,13926769,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,chelseamac90,"Sunless Sea is an absolutely fantastic exploration game, story-rich and full of lore. Although it shares a universe with the Fallen London browser game, you don't have to be overly familiar with that game to enjoy Sunless Sea. The shifting map ensures that every new character will have a different exploration experience, ensuring replayability."
76561198040103824,Recommended,304650,12947648,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ljleo77,"Losing my mind and some sleep over this game... dont start this unless you have time its very addicting. One thing though is the company who makes this game really listens to its fans rewarding you at times with awesome new content stories etc.. Get it buy it and play the other game ""Fallen London"" is free and can be played on not just yer computer."
76561198069583493,Recommended,304650,13189886,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mrcanehdian,"This is my first or second review of a game. I'll try to keep it as organized as possible.I absolutely love this game. I've spent relatively little time compared to many other users, but from my brief experience, it's everything I was expecting based on what I'd read and watch on YouTube.The game is beautiful. The setting is excellent and the lovecraftian world and story is mouth wateringlly rich. The somewhat disturbing and depressing world is engrossing and keeps tempting me to play more even though I have work to do.Basically, it's largely a text based game with a significant amount of gameplay revolving around guiding a ship throughout the world. You play from a top down perspective and explore the Unterzee. When you arrive at an island, all the occurences after docking are in text, making for an enthralling story each time you make land, with options on how to proceed ands potential risks and rewards based on those options.When you're out at sea, you guide your initially small and barely capable ship through dark, foreboding, and treaturous waters while evading or engaging pirates, monsters and (if you decide to) neutral ships. You have a fear gauge which gauges your crew's sanity and fear of the largely unkown world. The fear gauge is something you want to keep down by keeping close to lights or close to shore. You also have food and fuel, food is consumed over time and fuel is consumed as you sail around.The combat consists of real time maneuvering around the enemy ship, keeping them within gun range and trying to stay out of their gun range while you wait for your crew to aquire a sufficient, or ideally, complete firing solution so you can strike out at the enemy. The combat is fun and challenging, and other than health, no other stats are available for the enemy, making you wonder whether to engage or evade.I can't provide much in depth analysis of this game, because I am very new to it unfortunately. Although I am very new to the game, so far I am absolutely loving it and would, as of right now, give it a 9/10."
76561198148817955,Recommended,304650,13179223,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Psychotic Auzzie,lovely game i quite enjoyed cheers devs uh a note thou... ive only really started on the game sunk a couple hours have my cargo ship 7k one and yea well uh polythrem's port report breaks the admirals favor all together and sets the game to think uve just begun to report and also breaks the quests with the questionable guy lol and uh kinda stops the events at london ticking with the time so just yea if ur playing guys which i recommend u do SO NOW!!!!! just avoid that port to some extent or make sure its ur 1st port report then leave it be until fixed but yea fun cheers for the game love it looks like theres been alot of tweaks from the lets plays ive seen but all in all good game mmm rubbery man :P fun
,Recommended,304650,13232528,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,D-Swazzle,"The best description I can muster is a Choose Your Own Adventure game with Roguelike elements. If you liked FTL but wished it was more freeform and/or focused on the story, this is a game for you. It has great, often hilarious writing and a very good system for exploring and general adventuring. There are a TON of things to do in this game, story threads to follow, quests with branching paths, etc. As many, many reviews have noted, the combat is ridiculously simple and boring compared to most roguelikes, but that's hardly the point with a game this writing-focused. There are glitches and bugs to be ironed out; the game is still in alpha. But they update the available quests EVERY WEEK and I can personally attest that it just gets better and more polished with each update. I'm glad I bought this game and if one of your reasons for playing games is interesting worlds to explore and quality writing, Sunless Sea will give you hours of enjoyment and large replayability.PS-Focus on Quests, especially starting out! Quest rewards are 10x better than just trading or blowing enemies up."
,Recommended,304650,13106558,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Perf,"The game is not quite finished yet but it is already a lot of fun.Even though it is playable in its current state, I would recommend waiting until it is finished just to avoid spoiling half finished story lines.No regrets, would definitely buy again."
76561198080064185,Recommended,304650,12874616,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Qwacking Qwacks,"Very well written game. When I saw the description, I knew that I had to buy it!Thrilling, thought provoking adventures await the potential buyer of this game.10/10"
,Recommended,304650,15280514,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Maximillian Strauss,"Being a fan of H.P. Lovecraft's work, Sunless Sea was innately my cup of tea in a video game. The game just screams Lovecraft from every corner and is clearly influenced by Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.Sunless Sea stems from Failbetter Game's free browser based game called Fallen London and takes place in the same universe. The game has a hefty amount of written content meaning that it will only appeal to those who enjoy reading.The first area of positivity with Sunless Sea is in its writing. It is so exquisitely written and delicious to read that many of your senses are appeased. It is written in a similar manner to Lovecraft's writing in that it is brilliant but also difficult to fully comprehend at first, requiring it to be reread. I believe I read somewhere that there are over 2000 words in this game which is testament to its sheer volume, providing a lot of replayability. The universe in which it is set in is utterly intriguing and has curious people constantly wanting to explore and discover more in its terrifying yet beautiful world.This is a rogue-like in that you will die many, many times in your journeys as the captain of your ship, but you will be able to continue through an unbroken lineage. The game encourages the player to explore and take risks which will see that the player is rewarded. Playing in this manner can be a game of luck as you may prosper or you may sink right to the bottom of the ocean. You are able to reap more rewards as the next captain if in the previous playthrough, you purchased better lodgings, wrote an Ironclad Will, had a child, and made that child your scion.In addition to the textual elements of the game, the actual gameplay involves sailing around the world of Fallen London known as the Unterzee which was stolen by bats during the reign of Queen Victoria. The ships moves a tad bit too slow but you can upgrade your ship's components or purchase an entirely new and better ship if you have enough Echoes (the currency of the game).Speaking of Echoes, making money in this game does become quite tedious and quickly turns into a grindy experience. You need to be able to think out of the box and find various exploits to make substantial amounts of Echoes in a quicker period of time. Most players will find themselves constantly doing the same tasks and travelling the same routes to collect items such as Port Reports, sell some Cask of Mushroom Wine and any other method to make meagre amounts of profits. There are certain ways to make a lot of Echoes but the fun of it is to try and find exploits on your own.Sunless Sea also has a resource management element to it with the two basic amenities being Fuel and Supplies (with Fuel for your ship and Supplies for feeding you and your crew). There could be a decent trading aspect to the game but it is quite difficult to play the game in this way since most goods have a higher buy to sell ratio meaning that you will be making a loss rather than a profit. There is also a combat element to the game with the weapons of your ship being used to battle hostile ships and huge zee beasts. The combat is mediocre at best and early on in the game you will find yourself regularly avoiding the more powerful enemies of the zee, while battling the easier enemies to loot their goods. There is no point in going into too much detail about the combat aspects of the game.Soundtrack wise, Sunless Sea has one of the most chilling, relaxing, and haunting music that fits perfectly with the game and its beautiful world. The writing combined with the soundtrack are two good reasons to play the game.Despite some of Sunless Sea's flaws and annoyances, I just find myself continuously returning to play more and more, and can see myself playing Sunless Sea for hundreds of hours. It is so addictive and provides most of the time, a relaxing experience. It is definitely recommended if you want to try out something new or if you enjoy literary geniuses such as Lovecraft, Poe, and Conrad. It is not recommended for those who don't enjoy reading."
76561198077646471,Recommended,304650,15210963,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,wkirk1,I got to work in the post office. 10/10
76561198006710444,Recommended,304650,16192566,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Panzer,"Great game, well worth the cash if you're a fan of games with a lovecraftian bent. It's NOT an action game or something if you want a lot of frenetic activity. Much more slow paced and cerebral. The rogue-like elements are fun, after a couple deaths you'll get the hang of it and have a good idea for how far you can press your luck. World building is well done, haven't finished it yet, and it's back burner now, but will revisit in the future. Worth the purchase!"
76561198060926132,Recommended,304650,16387199,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Madhog,"A very enjoyable game, however it can be tough on new players. Once you get the grip of game mechanics, the game really opens up, and you find yourself making new discoveries each playthrough. Bears some similarities to FTL, I would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,304650,16388437,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dorilium,"Sunless Sea is a strange sort of game. It takes aspects of Sid Meier's Pirates, roguelikes, and Failbetter's own Fallen London webgame, and melds them all together into a uniquely atmospheric story experience. It's not always successful - it is a slow paced game, with quite a lot of repetition, and the struggle to make money as you wind your way across the Underzee can sometimes feel grindy - but when this game succeeds, it succeeds well. The writing, music, and art all drew me in time and time again, to press on through the dark and see all there was to see."
76561198014933285,Recommended,304650,16390262,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MageLord,This is a dark game that can be at times frustrating.  You have to watch the fear levels of your crew and hope you make it back to port before you are forced to eat the crew.That said it is an enjoyable challenge.  The various story lines are good and there are muliple ways to replay the game.I would definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,304650,16391058,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lola Alphonse,"If you like eldritch horror, the British Empire, and a very evolved story, get it. If you want good combat and can't really get into a good tale in an almost ""choose-your-own-adventure"" style, don't.Pros:Really engaging storyGreat atomosphereFun art styleDecent progressionEldritch horrorCons:Weak combat: Circle and shootCan feel like you are just grinding for cash - this really is a game about story"
76561198025064132,Recommended,304650,16413359,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Neurotheses,"This is a story heavy game with tons of reading to do. Beware if you are not into heavy reading. This game might actually put you to sleep!Start off with a strapping young poet full of life, ready to explore the sea! Read starting story and chose my avatar.immediately agreed to take a tomb colonists up my ship as my first quest.30 seconds later bumped into a large crab.Instantly killed.11/10 will not venture out of my own bedroom againPro:+ Graphics (not 3D type of nice. But nicely implemented)+ Music (reflects the eerie atmosphere really well.)+ Gameplay (fully immerse youself in a forgotten realm)Con:- Slow start- No tutorials (or is there? Too many words... OMG)"
76561198029414300,Recommended,304650,16413864,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,James131,"It's a great game, but it's hard to get to a point where you can leave a legacy to your next captain - the game (by default) deletes your saves when you die. So there is no second chance. A legacy helps, but you have to have a lot of money to get one... fed up of playing the same bit over and over."
76561198036898895,Recommended,304650,16415691,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SuperNova,"Excellent writing, excellent premise, passable mechanics and intriguing writing. However all this loses it's charm after the first 2 deaths and subsides into monotony which serves to kill the overall experience. This is game is great, but only really on the first proper playthrough."
76561197976769673,Recommended,304650,16420250,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mbagamer,"I enjoyed sunless sea. I enjoyed the writing and it hooked me as I sunk 150 hours into this game. The rouge like elements are very... unforgiving, but the inherritance system softens the blow a little bit. The game is very story driven and dripping with atmosphere. Nothing keeps you on the edge of your seat like knowing that the character you sunk 20 hours into might die. Anyways after my time in sunless sea I walked away after getting the easiest ending."
,Recommended,304650,16422811,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ubersmack,"When I first looked at Sunless Sea, I thought it might entertain me for a little while, but I would eventually get bored.  I suddenly found myself looking at the clock and realizing I had been playing for 4 hours straight.This game is highly addictive to me.  I always want to head to one more port, make a little more money, explore that place I had to run away from.  I am always worried about my terror level, how far I can get with the fuel I have, how am I going to feed my crew, what am I about to run into in the dark...The only negative feedback I have is that you are just kind of thrown into the game with no idea of what to do.  The little side tutorial is somewhat helpful, but not very much so.  You have to really pay attention to the story and what ""quest's"" you are doing. It's a bit of trial and error.  Having said that, just pay attention to the narritive, and you eventually figure everything out.  There is plenty of progression and things to unlock and work towards, plenty of places to explore, larger things trying to kill you.Highly recommended for anyone who likes a dark little adventure."
76561198029981907,Recommended,304650,16407616,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Confucius,"I decided to be a war veteran and wanted to retire after a life of adventure.so i set off bravely from port across the mighty oceans, through abyss and isle across sea and oceanstraight into a whirlpool.so i made another captain who was a crew member on the ill fated voyage. he prefered to be a merchant, and stay in safe waters.he ran wine and coffee and sailed and made great riches. and then decided to retire, and crossed great seas to return to london, but he got turned around somewhere and sailed...straight into the maw of a giant albino eel.10/10 would die again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,304650,16408721,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jun.On.Fire,"The writing is superb, the atmosphere is very HP. Lovecraft. And the depth is pretty good!From my understanding, the Devs are gonna keep updating the game with downloadable stories to broaden the world.So just get it. It's worth it."
76561198104523261,Recommended,304650,11114531,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Finley,"November 24, 1892: The crew grow ever so terrified after witnesses the horrors of zee-monsters firsthand. In the corner, a zailor sobs. The zee is dark, lacking hope in returning home.Amazing game, doesn't take too long to pick up, but requires careful planning and decision.*toot toot*"
,Recommended,304650,15645657,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Xinixia,"Just woke up from a ridiculous 10 hour straight play of this game...It's been a long, LONG time since a game sucked me in that much. I was about 4 hours behind in my head when I finally pulled out of it.Most people have already touched on what makes this game amazing - music, art style, deep, well thought out writing and characters. I got hooked on finding out where all the different islands were, what they were about and all the backstories they all have... Still nowhere near finding out the answers, though.YES, the combat system is basic, but it's a small part of the game, so I don't consider that a major flaw, as it does its job well enough.The resource management is fantastic. I've actually managed not to die yet, but have been veeerry close on 3 or 4 occasions. Once actually just rolled into London as my last bit of fuel and supplies disappeared...Some small issues though is that the meaning of certain things is not really explained. I'm still not 100% sure if the fact that a god is watching me is a good thing or not, for example, nor are the requirements for choosing certain options in port very clear, either. Sometimes it just says ""You need xxx status:       "" completely blank and with no further explanation; does cause for small irritations throughout.On the whole, though, I'd give this a solid 9/10 because it seriously sucked me in, and I'm debating whether or not I should call in sick from work tomorrow, just to get back to it!"
,Recommended,304650,16165810,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,mrblah9990,"Sunless Sea is the sibling game to the fantastic text-based browser game Fallen London. It allows you to explore more of the atmospheric Neath and really does a great job of fleshing out the world with the trademark writing Failbetter is so good at. Sail a ship around the Sunless Sea and balance light between terror and fuel, encountering strange monsters and even stranger islands along the way.Sunless Sea IS NOT FOR EVERYBODY. If you prefer a more fast-paced or ""action-y"" experience, you will probably not enjoy it. The combat mechanics are ""basically functional"" at best, your ship is fairly slow, and the Sea (more properly known as the Zee) is huge. But the combat is not the main point.The point is the story. Possibly the Ztory, but I'm not sure. (Zure?)The game shines through when you dock at an island and meet a deviless for tea. When you deliver a mostly-dead but still surprisingly lively corpse to a party. When you find two warring tribes of rats and guinea pigs. When you wash up on an island populated entierly by postmen. When you sail to the West and find the machine that powers the Sun.Bottom line: Slow paced, atmospheric, tension building, utterly fantastic game. Perhaps try Fallen London if you want to get a taste of the writing before paying."
76561197977192741,Recommended,304650,16469362,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Massatuho,"Best writing in a game in a long time, excellent game overall."
76561198037858586,Recommended,304650,14846104,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,GezagvoerderExiled,"This is an excellent game! I have followed it a few weeks after it came out and I just adore the new changes and features. I know I have not played  a lot o it, but still this is a great game. I just need to fit in more time for it like my other games and I am retty sure that many others will love this game too. So the developers better keep up the great work with the new updates!"
,Recommended,304650,14904955,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,AbyssalSquid,"An entertaining and enjoyable game. Even if you have not played Fallen London, the game-world is accessable and engaging, if not a bit creepy."
76561198120134131,Recommended,304650,14906321,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Havelock,"No cutscenes, no glowing path finder.You'll never believe what your head can do if you just let it. Do try)P.S. Never! try to play it like ship trade-battle simulator.You sail, live and die for a single reason -  to advance your stories."
76561198008824733,Recommended,304650,15069504,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wasabi Jae,I played while there was still content being released but it is good and moody fun.  Hopefully the additional content keeps to teh same level of quality.
,Recommended,304650,14755235,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,WildKarrde,"I lost my mind, but failed the 30% Skillcheck to eat my crew. What an awful game.I jest. I'm in love with Sunless Sea"
76561197981215580,Recommended,304650,15011807,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fbj676,"A game well worth support, constant updates, a great ever changing world to explore and replay value is very high. If you're a fan of HP Lovecraft then this is right up your street. The story is in depth and a real joy to dive into."
76561198067518630,Recommended,304650,15020205,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,jadbrindley,A lot of reading but if you are ok with a slow game it is pretty interesting. Some Lovecraftian influences which are a further selling point for me.
76561198018469362,Recommended,304650,15020542,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,turtles and frogs,"This game is really fun.  The writing is top-notch and the game's world is fascinating and unique.  There is so much to explore and it's an enjoyable exercise trying to uncover all the secrets that are hidden in each of the game's locations.If you're a fan of rogue-likes such as FTL, or top-down RPGs like the Escape Velocity series, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,304650,14355349,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Callsign Starbuck,Enthrall your friends an workmates with tales of adventure and horror from a beautifully crafted adventure by the geniuses behind Fallen London.I've not gotten to bed on time in a week because of this.
76561197986761398,Recommended,304650,14399953,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Being Supreme,"Awesome game!!! Dark comedy and an emphasis on terrifying exploration, this game is really interesting to play. combat isnt the most compelling but, luckily combat is not the focus. the majority of your in game time will be spent traveling from, one port to the next trying to extract secrets from the locals on various things in the world. Best part about the game is probably the setting, your a captain of a steam boat in an underground sea, reminicent of the British Isles. London in fact is one of the citys you find portage in."
76561198030906483,Recommended,304650,14402334,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,bradk621,this game is HARD AS ♥♥♥♥. ive spent hours trying to complete one of the first quests of the game and died multiple times.  its a good game as far as writing and setting but i think its a little too hard. is the point of the game to never be able to afford to upgrade anything? i dont understand what ive done wrong but can't complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and constantly run out of everything.
76561198025559685,Recommended,304650,14374892,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zorkolak,The setting and the atmosphere make for a very fun little game.
76561197998574977,Recommended,304650,14375619,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Red War Machine,"Great, interesting narrative experience, if you don't mind reading everything, and exploration. Progress does tend to be slow, though."
76561197966305058,Recommended,304650,14376645,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Aquamiguel,"This game is awesome, been playing since beta, and now that it is released I am very happy with the results. The combat is greatly improved, and this is a difficult game, expect to die, eat your crew, and restart many many times. not for the faint of heart. I reccomend this to anyone whith a deathwish and that enjoys difficult games"
76561198007097170,Recommended,304650,14376841,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Meatshield Mcmuppet,A fun and challenging game that requires skill and some luck to defeat with a lovecraftian theme that is truly interesting and makes you want to know more of the horrors of the Zea even as you try to survive them. A handy system of Inheritance makes death a much more palatable option than it would be otherwise so that one does not have to start with nothing as they may have done before.
76561197997693722,Recommended,304650,14375326,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[19]Zaph,"Once, I was a famous zee captain, but then, I lost my mind and eventually ate few of my crewmembers.They tasted like pork ribs."
,Recommended,304650,14377628,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CrazyIvanTR,"Roleplay - CheckRouge-lite - CheckMaking your own story up - CheckTons of text to read through - CheckThis is something like a visual novel in my opinion. I like the format and how the game is presented to us and the actual gameplay elements are not entirely boring, altough it could be much better. It is worth the current price tag and is a must buy for anyone who likes reading through lots of text and fiction."
76561198043206002,Recommended,304650,14379900,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,charles.harmon,"I saw Eurogamer's 10/10 review for Sunless Sea, and I was like, ""Really, Eurogamer? REALLY?""Maybe. I sat down to play through one quick game and check it out, and suddenly it was 1.7 hours later and I'd burned through three and half captains. The visuals, simple as they are, are really well-done; the music is fantastic; and the writing is every bit as creative and clever and surprising as I've come to expect from the men and women behind Fallen London. As long as you don't mind a lot of reading, doing some of the work with your imagination, and dying A LOT, I'd jump on Sunless Sea immediately."
76561197992277133,Recommended,304650,14364614,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kenjones222,"Borderline merciless, but the story is interesting, and the mechanic of being able to pass things on to your heir makes it even more of a challenge."
,Recommended,304650,14365230,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Alhazred,"I normally don't go for these kind of things, but this game is absolutely awesome. I'm probably the biggest lovecraft nerd in the world, having multiple mythos related tattoos, cthulhu plushies, gug plushie, cthulhu bust, and just about every lovecraft collection ever published. not to mention I used to crochet mythos monsters and sell them on etsy. So when a lovecraftian game comes out, I buy it no matter what. thankfully this time it was absolutely worth every penny and then some. would buy again in a heartbeat, and can't wait to sink many more hours into this."
,Recommended,304650,14360365,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Techno,Excellent writing and plot with a beautifully crafted world that leaves you wanting to come back for more. I would without a doubt recommend this game to anyone who wishes for an RPG like sea adventure filled with opportunity and horrors.
76561197993298908,Recommended,304650,14362564,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,HeikiMatsu,"This was an amazing game in early access and it's gotten incredibly better since then. The gaslamp atmostphere is more immersive than anything I've played in a long time. The writing is really what makes it stand out from other roguelikes, with a dark humour and lovecraftian sense of foreboding. I 100% recommend Sunless Sea."
76561198044111070,Recommended,304650,14362663,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Darkest_of _Suns,"This game has quickly become one of my personal favourites. The setting is so unique, and the atmosphere so steeped in an absolutely deranged mix of whimsy and dread, that it alone would make a game worthwhile. However what makes the game great, rather than good, is its story, the writing matches the style perfectly, and it strengthens the games intended experience. How familiar London seems after months at zee, how bright and worthwhile the few moments at home are, after long stretches on strange islands, run-ins with pirates, living icebergs, and sharks. I have often felt genuine terror or joy when events occur. The first time I was taken to the sea of statues, and had to sail through the putrescence of the Gant Pole had me at the edge of my seat.The mechanics of the game are well put together, and make for an interesting, intuitive sense of play, and where that distant bell signalling that 'something awaits you' becomes more satisfying than any level up music. The terror, hunger, and fuel meter system also makes for interesting play, allowing for many strategies to be successful, and with each having its own drawbacks.All in all this is a remarkable, delicious, and unique experience, one that I would heartily recommend to anyone looking for gothic, whimsical, nautical adventure."
,Recommended,304650,14362841,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Headphones,"The number one game where you can unintentionally, yet slightly intentionally (most likely) be a cannibal with the blessing of a church. 10/10 Would sell out and (most likely) eat my crew for information again.But really, it's a top notch game. Great graphics and atmosphere, phenomenal writing.  I am thoroughly enjoying this game. Can't wait to see what else the zee offers!"
,Recommended,304650,14364308,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Toneman,"A tad clunky in presentation and ui, but that's part of the rustic, victorian, alien, cold, tantalizingly macabre charm, right? I've only played a couple of hours but ADORE the writing and atmosphere so far. A place to get lost in whose darkness is invigorating rather than depressing."
76561198068730362,Recommended,304650,14104140,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wuxia Wizzard,"The game is fantastic. You'll die the first few times until you figure out the economy, but on the way you'll encounter some of the best storytelling in video games."
76561197987176871,Recommended,304650,14107227,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,AppleJubles,The Best
,Recommended,304650,14242836,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kiroy,"Good writing, excellent music, a fun and interesting world.  Even in the incomplete version, there is a lot to love and very little to dislike.  If you are a fan of Fallen London, you will probably be a fan of Sunless Sea.  Sunless Sea gives players the freedom to play the game how they want to.  Be a stealthy smuggler, own a massive cargo vessel and get rich, have the biggest guns in the Unterzee; it's all up to you."
76561198016155939,Recommended,304650,14379975,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,sam,"Having been burnt on early access before, I held off on this till release. Saw the 10/10 reviews on release day and couldn't hold back. I've pretty much done nothing but play since then. If you're not big on narrative, perhaps this won't be for you, otherwise I recommend to everyone unreservedly. The atmosphere is amazing, the writing, the whole feel of the game. It's difficult and challenging but without biting your hand off for making a wrong move. The decision to tie the central game mechanics more to exploration and slowly uncovering stories rather than straight-up trade is brilliant, as that's what we're here for rather than a number-crunching minigame.My favourite part is that currently I'm constantly feeling like I've just scratched the surface, and that there are so many things that I'm on the verge of discovering; and they're currently adding even more stories/missions on top of that! A near perfect mix of risk and reward wrapped in a package of superb writing and aesthetics, I could not be happier with this game. Any fan of rogue-lites, oldschool RPG's, steampunk, Lovecraft, or anyone who's seen this and thought it looked intriguing; buy it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,304650,14380304,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,comrade_cylon,"Amazing game. The story elements are deep, colorful, and sometimes terrifying. It's also as challenging as it is beautiful. I only have 2.2 hours in, of course, but I will do my best to update this from this point on. This game deserves your attention so long as you're not against a slower pace and a decent amount of reading. Also, the art is incredible!"
76561198035493240,Recommended,304650,14381338,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bertram Wooster,This game is wonderfully atmospheric without giving up any of the tense and frustrating struggles of a well made adventuring and trading game.
,Recommended,304650,14382232,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Architekt,"This game is more fun than I expected. Definitely involves a lot of text so if you're not into reading much, don't play it. But the text is quite well done, the graphics are very nice 2D hand painted stuff, and it's a lot of fun exploring random places. Combat so far isn't confusing, and is interesting. If you enjoy exploring and worrying about the risk/reward tradeoffs of going to far or potentially screwing yourself over for the chance of something bad♥♥♥♥♥ you'll dig it. If you don't like reading a lot and want a lot of action immediately, this probably isn't for you.I only have a few criticisms. There's a few text issues where it'll say things like ""you receive x <something>"" where it forgets to tell me how many X I have received (like 1x, 2x, etc). Also, the quest journal could be a bit more helpful but none if it detracts from the game."
,Recommended,304650,14382683,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[ZSU] Minions Gambit,"15th JanuaryI've just heard a rumour on the docks that my competitor, Zepher, and his crew have been lost at zee.  'Tis too a common occurence for us zailors, but how else are we to survive down here in the dark.My ship, Serentity, has just had a new deck gun fitted which hopefully will give me an edge on the priate scum or strange creatures that await us on our next journey.  We have several assignments from the Admiral to gather inteligence...I always wonder if he knows the dangers we face out here sat behind that old wooden desk of his.I hired a new engineer so we could avoid the engine burnout that happened last time we were fighting a giant crab...The explosion lost me 2 crew and almost the fight with the beast!  I swore to my crew that I would invest our next earning directly back into the ship and it's maintenance.  Giving them some small comforts is all I can offer in this bleak world.Before we set off, I have one more piece of cargo to hand into the Antiquities office.  It's a strange looking thing, and my limited vocabulary is unable to describe what it might be...what I want it to be is plenty of Echo!As I walk back to the dock, a strange bald man with small round sunglasses and a bowler hat approaches me.  His demenour seems one of intent and secrecy. I step back as you can never be too sure as to strangers intentions in this place.  He introduces himself as a middle man for a wealthy benefactor that wishes to provide me with fuel and supplies.  ""What's the catch?"" I ask.  He tells me that there is no catch bar occassionaly me having to transport good from London to a destination from time to time.I internally struggle with this choice, do I accept and continue building my legacy, or do I reject and die the next time I'm out on the zee....These are the choices I'm having to make every day now and it's wearing on me.As I get back to my boat I see my crew waiting for my return and news of our next journey.  I begin to explain when several large boxes begin being loaded onto the boat.  ""Where did these come from?"" the crew query, as I look down to the dock and see the bald man tipping his hat to me.""Set sail!"" I command....Hoping we can reach the bald man's destination and come back safely......"
,Recommended,304650,14383013,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Helge,"You see London's lovely lights flicker in the distance, the crew of your ship have been whipped in their faces by the cold lash of the waves for days. You have searched so long for Polythreme and you are on your last source of fuel, just this one delivery and your debt is paid, but of course the port authoroties are there to confiscate your crate of souls, because this game feeds on your tears you see, it needs the tears to create this vast and mysterious ocean. A wave of sadness comes and fills your heart with its cold waters. The developers sit in their offices and masturbate to the thought of how many people play this game and how many people have their dreams and hopes crushed. You meet the blind man and he is not a happy guy, he demands 1500 echoes or your life. He takes the latter..."
76561198073806516,Recommended,304650,14384844,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,remanufactory,"The game is polished and well written, it's deep and fun. But it's not much more than the original card-like game Fallen London. There is so much to read that it looks more like a Text Adventure; the exploration part is quite minor after all. Also, the mechanics of the card-like game employed are too visibile, and reading things like ""you just gained the quality 'obscure past'"" does not help the immersion in the setting - which is beautiful by the way. The way descriptions of locations and choices are presented is also confusing. The game is very fine, but the mechanics are so heavily present that they prevent a real funny immersion in the atmosphear.I expected something far away from the Fallen London type of game."
76561198063663543,Recommended,304650,12916159,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Diana (Kitty),"Great game, can't wait for the full release!"
76561198026902907,Recommended,304650,12455051,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Houlio,"Very awesome game, even though it seems like it still has a few planned months in early access.  Reminds me a lot of an open world FTL, or a more lovecraftian Pirates game,  Great atmosphere, awesome events and stories, gameplay isn't too bad.  More of a tutorial would be my biggest concern, it very much feels like a game where you learn by trying something and finding out if it kills you.  For some like me, that's a feature.  If that's not your style, you might find this very frustrating at first.  I would give it 7/8 slimy tentacles."
76561198140008934,Recommended,304650,14655022,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Suicidal Clown6,Keep the lights off.
76561197985889290,Recommended,304650,14655340,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,81155,BOATS!!!!! Amazing writing. Incredibly addictive.
76561198043947635,Recommended,304650,14810502,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kamui,"I want this game to do well, then I want them to make another game with more funding to fix some of the downsides this game obviously has.It has a great aesthetic, good writting and fairly engaging gameplay but damn it is quite to the point that I had to have something else to do at the same time and I ended up not really dedicating myself to the game.If you are really into lore though you will probably be just fine."
76561198009740941,Recommended,304650,14811630,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Science Cow,"The core of Sunless Sea is the story and intrigue. So if you are looking for a ship combat game this is not it. This is in now way comparable to FTL as I have seen suggested in a few places. Here you travel the open Zee exploring new places, those encounters ear you different types of experiences, and trading those experiences is how you progress. You could call the experiences a physical item like a card or curiosities as the game does at times, but I like to think of them as vivid tradable memories since that adds to the feel of the game's environment. I recommend this game it you are willing to read and want to explore with an adventures spirit rather than a blood thirst 'next' button clicker."
76561198049628385,Recommended,304650,14627840,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,GubiJDR,"""Over the course of my life, the zee has taken much from me.My blood. My eye. My leg. My love. And more. My secrets... My mind... My soul...Many are crushed. All... are crushed, and lost to her unyielding grip.Many say she is a cruel, sadistic mistress. But they do not know.They do not know what the zee gives in exchange. What she whispers in the craddle of ears, what she blows in the wind, what she writes in the mist and what she means through the wails and moans of the waves.I have sailed all my life. From boy to old man clutching a cane, I have felt under my feet the voluptuous curves of her body.Like my father, and his mother, and her mother, and those that came afore. In our blood she calls us. And we have listened. Secrets, passed through generations, dark things evoked and quickly hushed, wonders hidden from sight and silence.You are my daughter. And you have listened. You hear her don't you?Let me tell you of her..."" -Collected upon his death bed from Magellan Copt, 62 years old, Captain of the Jeanne D'Ys, to his daughter, Cynthia Copt."
,Recommended,304650,14628915,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,VonVoulf,"Note:  I have only recently obtained this game, a more thorough review will come in the future.This game is rather off putting by how it says it’s very difficult(which it is) but it progressively becomes easier over time through its unique lineage system. The world layout ends up randomized partially, making it possible for your world to change without special perks. Outside of that, there’s a lot of stories that you can enter in outside of your main goal. The difficulty in the game mostly lies in your supplies and fuel, if you have a lot of fuel, you can get anywhere on the map, but without supplies, your crew can end up starving and turning to eating each other. Too little fuel, you end up trapped in the middle of the water and have to bail or burn supplies bringing the previous issue of lack of food back. If you travel too far from the main port, you encounter very hardy enemies wreck your ship, making it required that you upgrade its strength, which also downgrades it in some other way. Anyways, the game is forgiving, upon death, you’re able to pass on parts of your previous play to your next, making you slowly able to advance. The game is fantastic, I’ve been having issues trying to stop playing it. I recommend it highly and would say it’s definitely a game you should play."
76561198136200147,Recommended,304650,14638103,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,cgbost11,"One of my favorite games of all time is Ambrosia Software's EV: Nova.  For those unfamiliar it's an old 2D space exploration/combat sim with a text-based storyline.  I've been looking for a game that can bring the same sort of atmosphere, play style, and story-telling for years.So I was pleasantly surprised when I stumbled upon Sunless Sea.  The game has a difficult learning curve, you'll often find yourself in compromising positions early in the game as you try to scrape together enough fuel and supplies to maintain your voyage.  You'll have moments that tickle your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as you sail around massive Zee-Beasts that could, at any moment, annihilate your ship and crew, while you silently pray you don't see those telltale red exclamations.  This for me is easily the best part of the game.  In the early stages where you still have so much to explore and you risk everything trying to cobble together a little money and means.However, that's pretty much where the comparison ends.  Sunless Sea is still essentially unfinished and my biggest issue is that once you figure out how to make money easily the game starts to fall off pretty quickly.  Many of the questlines are more tedious than they are challenging.  There aren't any missions where you have to fight off a multitude of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Zee-Beasts or break through a blockade of enemy frigates.  Basically, once you hit mid-game you just swing around giant throbbing zee♥♥♥♥♥♥and laugh as you pare monstrous zee-beasts and enemy dreadnoughts down to size.  The game kind of stagnates in difficulty after you make some decent progress.My other qualm is that many of the storylines and characters don't really develop to a satisfying conclusion.  You can improve some of your officers traits by compiling various oddities and ferrying them around to distant ports, but by the end you feel less like you've achieved anything and more like you've just completed a burdensome chore.  Again this could be easily corrected by the addition of difficult combat scenarios or interesting plot devices, such as having to permanently sacrifice one crew officer to advance the abilities of another.  Right now your crew officers don't interact with each other whatsoever, which is a little disappointing considering the drama and intrigue that could be possible.  So at the moment Sunless Sea is really lacking a certain level of polish.  Very unfortunate considering the brilliant work that FailBetter games has done in developing the atmosphere and playability of the game.My suggestions to the developers would be as follows:-First of all, thank you.  You have worked hard to create a visually mesmorizing game with limitless potential that is fun and beautiful.  Now get back to work and finish the masterpiece that you have started.  You've carved out half of the Statue of David, but without that perfectly chiseled marble ballsack, your audience will be left wanting.-Really get creative with some of the plot elements and don't be afraid to create ambiguous choices.  Not every scenario should have a win/lose outcome.  Players enjoy having to doubt their choices and seeing their decisions come back to bite them in the♥♥♥♥♥later on.-Ramp up the difficulty!!!  I don't want to feel like I'm the King of the Zee just because I have a Corvette class cruiser and a forward turret.  Create some smarter enemy AI, like beasts that will submerge and then rush your ship to attack, instead of just kind of aimlessly drifting around.  Or enemy ships that shround themselves in mist so you can't find a firing solution.  Or something that fires nets to impede your ship's mobility.  As it is, combat versus the single enemies provided is simply laughably easy and needs to be improved.-Create a diverse system of enemies.  Maybe you need a dreadnought with powerful slow-firing weapons to take down that Nomad, but what if a swarm of Jillyfluer surround your ship?  Suddenly you're swarmed and you need a faster firing turret.  This applies to weapons as well, I think most weapons in the game have the same firing speed (warm-up time) and they all have the same range dependent upon the weapon type.  Fix this.  Create some diversity in the arsenal and you create diversity in the game,-On that note, the lump of Blue Scintillack is an utterly overpowered item and is far too easily attainable!  I think I stumbled onto it within an hour of playing my first captain and it just completely shifts the difficulty in the game and allows for the player to take advantage of combat mechanics too easily.  Sinking 300hp frigates in my 75hp starter ship without upgrades isn't fun it's stupid.  Either get rid of it or make it far more difficult to attain because it provides far more firepower than even the best weapon in the game for absolutely zero cost or effort to the player.Overall, I really love this game.  I wouldn't have even bothered posting a review if I didn't have confidence in the developers to improve the game into the incredible classic it has the potential to be. They have captured lightning in a bottle here and that this game can appeal to a wide variety of fans from casual gamers to hardened adventurers.  The chilling atmosphere of the game, arguably the most important and elusive element to create, has been rendered masterfully in Sunless Sea.  I would just call for some real reworks of the content and difficulty.  With those improvements made, I could see myself playing Sunless Sea for hundreds of hours and enjoying every minute.  7.5/10 would recommend."
76561197992460943,Not Recommended,304650,14595492,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,old navy,"God, I want to like this game so much. What keeps me from doing it, however, is the abundance of potential squandered.So a few suggestions for the developers.1. Improve the exploration. The game already has interesting things to be explored but the process of exploration is too dull and boring. Make the sea more intersting. Not just what's on the sea but the sea itself.2. Improve the trading. Put some effort into it. Geez.3. Improve the enemies. Variety of enemy AI and enemy types.Recommended for purchase at below $10."
,Recommended,304650,14611797,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,worri3db3ar,really fun if the travelling between points was not so long and silent...sadly big emthasis on the silence. the story telling is amazing when you do reach to places that is if you survive your way to a port. if you do not mind reading then this is your game as it's quirky hilarious.the best addition for this game would have to be voice acting for the walls of texts especially since the lack of music really makes the journey between ports a rather soul sapping.after watching a totalbiscuit research stream of the game (especially the portion where he decides to narrate/VA) it is even more prevelant that some good voice acting would just make this game shine.it is still a good recommendation if you have time for a high management based game with its own flavoured version of quirkiness and craziness too.
76561198024956394,Recommended,304650,14615643,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,muddybrown,"After only a few hours play, I'm very intrigued with Sunless Sea. It's super tough at first, and annoying when you run out of fuel or supplies. I'm really enjoying the game so far."
,Recommended,304650,14605480,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CthulhuBarnacle,im a huge h.p lovecraft fan and this game nails that vibe better than any other game. also fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥  9.8/10
,Recommended,304650,14605489,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"When playing an open world or sandbox game for the first time, do you ever pick a blank point clear across the map and walk there simply because it exists? Sunless Sea is a game designed around that playstyle, and for anyone that loves exploring for the sake of exploration, I can recommend it unconditionally and without a shred of doubt. If discovery strange and exciting regions alone isn't enough for you, read on.Pros:- Exploration. The game is fantastically written, but more importantly, its written with a degree of whimsy that only strengthens the desire to uncover all of the game's islands. There really is no predicting what you'll discover, but every port is interesting and most tie into a wide variety of quests and activities. Sunless Sea's exploration is similar in concept to Wind Waker, but unlike that game, only one island is uninhabited.- Music. There are, sadly, only around 10 tracks, but they all fit the atmosphere perfectly and are worth listening to even out of context.- Great art. The game isn't technically stunning, but the artistic vision both in world design and character/location portraits is fantastic.- Deeply interconnected. Items, decisions, and attributes tie into each other in surprising ways. You're very rarely harshly punished for not having a specific item without warning, so there's a lot to figure out without the risk of unfair deaths.- Decent roleplaying elements. You're never given exact control over what your character says, but the gist of every decision is under your control, and many decisions have significant, permanent consequences. Roguelites rarely have this level of characterization.Cons:- Combat. Ships can be dealt with by staying behind them. Every beast but one can be dealt with by constantly ramming them so they can't get their own charge off. It's also painfully slow in addition to being easy before you acquire a forward gun.- Easy. I beat the game with my 5th character. The first 4 all died  as a result of taking unecessary risks that I knew perfectly well were unecessary. If you're careful constantly, you simply aren't going to die in Sunless Sea. That's good in the sense that you might stand to lose a lot of progress, but it renders the descendant mechanics largely pointless.- Sometimes makes you click a lot. There's no option to sell things in bulk or to repeat the same event as many times as possible. Since there are times in the game when you're going to want to do the same thing 30 times in a row, it's very annoying that each time takes two different button clicks.- Performance. The snow and dust effects cause serious framerate lag, and I had rare issues with crashes and freezes.Notes:- The comparison to Wind Waker also applies in that a lot of your time is going to be sailing back and forth with little to do in the immediate term. If it bored you then, it probably will here as well.- The game continues to be updated with new content and stories. Some of it is minor, but there's already been a major new win condition and associated quest added.Overall, Sunless Sea is a unique and highly enjoyable exploration roguelite that's easily worth the $20 asking price."
,Recommended,304650,14605647,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,The Orange Hatter,"A deep and powerful game about exploring the unknown, and the horrors that wait within. Make sure you've got your reading glasses, because there is a lot, and the narrative is extremely well writen and presents a strong foundation for very dynamic player storytelling."
76561198092365425,Recommended,304650,11215191,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,HeartOfDarkness7,"First of all, I would like to say up front that even though it is still in development, this game is awesome.  It has an interesting art style, a compelling atmosphere, decent music, and a world with a lot of depth.  Many of the characters have intriguing storylines that can suck you into the game.That being said, the game has enormous flaws, but I am going to contradict what many other reviewers are saying.  A lot of complaints have to do with the punishing ""terror"" penalty from sailing in open water and the resulting ""nightmare"" effects.  Here's a clue: TRY NOT TO SAIL TOO FAR FROM LAND!  If you rack up a lot of terror of a long period of time from sailing in open water, you can get a nightmare penalty, which is difficult to get rid of.  Nightmares can result in paranoia and mutiny from your crew.  THIS IS INTENTIONAL, not a bug in the game.THe economy is a bit broken, but the game devloper plans on fixing this before the game is released.  While there are numerous items currently available to buy or trade, only four can earn you a profit unless you find an item or harvest it from a quest or monster.  The four items are fuel, supplies, colonists to venderbight, and mushroom wine.  Actually, fuel and supplies can be very profitable, because you buy them in London for 10 echoes (echoes are the game's currency) and sell them for 20 echoes.In terms of upgrading and buying items for your boat, it appears that you can only buy them in your main port of call: Fallen London.  If this is the case in the final version of the game, you might as well just grind away at the early areas around London just save up to buy the biggest baddest ship possible.  It seems silly...and it is.  The developer should (and probably will) change this).Questing is fun, but a lot of people have complained that it is too easy to die and sometimes a ""successful"" quest rewards less and adds too much terror in comparison with a ""failure.""  So far there are really only a handful of long-term quests, but the world to explore is going to be at least three times the size of the current playable world, so I would imagine there will be quite a few more quests.  The quests are referred to as ""stories."" in the game.Experience for levelling up a skill is referred to as ""fragments."" When your fragments bar is all the way full, you get a secret which you may then spend on a skill point by conversing with one of your officers.  Having all of your crew and officers is extremely helpful as the officers add skill bonuses, stories, and I am sure that just scratches the surface.  I have been playing for quite a while, and I still haven't discovered all there is to know about the game.  It will not be complete until the end of September, but I would encourage people to buy it now and explore the game as it develops, providing input to the developer (who apperntly DOES read reviews like this one).  Based on user input, they can improve areas of the game that need work.All in all, I give this game 9 out of 10, but I am willing to raise that as the game is improved.Edit:I am very deep into the game and I am enjoying it enormously.  I love this game.  Additional interactivity and better ways to pass on traits to future generations of steamboat captains have added greater replay value.  Love it.  10/10"
76561198031573297,Recommended,304650,14299344,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,cRi,"Sunless Sea was my first early access game and this is my first review on Steam.""Pirates!"" was one of my favourite games when I was young. This game adds wonderful writing and very mature, interesting storylines to it, and frankly one of the most disturbing and engrossing settings ever for a computer game.Absolutely recommended if you enjoy interactive fiction with real gameplay in a gothic setting."
76561198034306037,Recommended,304650,14345559,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,strangecreture,"This game is awesome, I never played fallen london, but I love the tone and aesthetic of this game."
76561197978124742,Recommended,304650,14359806,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Islif,Entirely worth it! Made all the better if you're a fan/member of Fallen London.
76561197970344902,Recommended,304650,14456006,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Blastaz,Don't listen to the haters.Join the illegal sunlight trade.Stolen sunlight is the best sunlight!
76561197998701258,Recommended,304650,14457211,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Psygnal,"This is weird. It has a very old-school feel about it - not so much with the graphics as the gameplay. There's lots of (Intriguing!) text and plenty of odd things going on. The world is relatively well realised, and a decent size.It's a top view, shadowed, ship game set in Fallen London and most of the non-ship interaction is text based. The combat is basically fun, with you trying to keep in the shadow of your opponent's guns (or avoid being hit by them if they're a critter) while keeping your own guns trained on them. There's not much in it though.It's also mostly a rogue-like - meaning you'll die. A lot.  You're supposed to.However, your 'descendant' can take over to an extent. If you leave a will they can keep some money and equipment, making the start of the game a bit easier for the next play-through.I don't have too many bad things to say about this game. It would have been nice to have had a bit more voice-work in the game, and a little more complexity to the combat would have been fun... but really it's a little gem and I'm very glad I bought it."
76561197964903074,Recommended,304650,14457781,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Citizen Perfect,"Gameplay: like Star Control 2 with full exploration, with a single ship (changeable and upgradeable) and no hyper-arena. Story events are triggered by hireable crew members, and Island locations.Theme: Victorian Age, Steampunk, Lovecraftian (Call of Cthulhu),Notables:  You can die quite easily if you fail to observe your resources or make poor choices in pursuit of exploration.Replay:  Yes, the map has a random matrix for placing things while maintaining certain dynamic relationships.  A replay would allow you to be familiar with the locations but not their location, and thus the replay values come from exploration.Overall:  It's easy to get into, interesting setting and done very well.  Buy it."
76561198106025646,Recommended,304650,14450286,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheVGMole,"Captains Log: February 13 1888- ""As we cam into port I noticed a woman in a green dress, standing solemly on the beach, watching, beckoning me. Something, so strange, odd about her manner, yet I couldn't turn away. I had to see her. As I made my way down to the beach, I was awe struck by her beauty. Who was this woman? Why was she alone, and why was she calling for me? I continued forward, hypnotized, only realizing that I was a few feet away from her when something moved in the water. Something...large. A huge, serpent like creature rose from the water, huge sharp teeth glinting in the dim light of the port, coming for me. The woman, she is part of it. A siren, a lure, used to entice, and devour unsuspecting prey. For a brief moment my mind goes back to my lover, and son back home in London. Have I seen them for the last time? As the creature rears back, ready to strike, I reach into my pack, looking for anything I can use. I find the strange hunk of meat we had found at sea. An obscure something that was left behind after a battle with a huge jelly-fish creature. With out thinking I hurled it into the zee, next to the creature and it follows after, seemingly satisfied with the easier catch I have just offered it. Without hesitation I hoof it back into the town, a sigh of relief escapes my mouth as I reach the cobble stone streets that line the small island. The zee almost claimed me this day. When I make it home to London, the will I've intended to make shall be my first order of business.""Sunless Sea is, for my money, one of the greatest games to come out of Steam early access. Despite all the problems many early access titles face, Fail Better Games used this development time the way it was meant to be used. The bulk of the games exploration elements remains mostly unchanged from the initial concept when I started playing, but due to player feedback the entire combat engine was re-done from the ground up. What was initially a turn based snore fest that slowed the game to a halt, became a real time combat engine, that no longer breaks up the pace of sailing. While it still needs some improvement, it feels a lot better than the initial engine, and shows a developer who was willing to listen to feedback.The main strength of the game is it's exploration and writing. If you've ever played either the Arkham or Eldritch Horror board games, the writing will feel similar. Every single story you come across is expertly written, and crafts a world teeming with life and character while using very little graphical assets. Let this be a warning to those out there who don't like reading or prefer fast paced action: this is not the game for you. There is tons and tons of reading involved in the Sunless Sea, and the exploration is slow. If you hated sailing in the Wind Waker, then you most likely will not enjoy this title either. For others who love to dive head first into new magical worlds, however, I couldn't recommend this more.PROS:-Fantastic writing, creates a unique world to explore.-Dark, and sometime foreboding atmosphere can at times create a very real feeling of dread. What lies just underneath the waves of the underground sea?-New stories are added frequently, and I'm certain I'll never be able to see everything the game has to offer.CONS:-First time players may be lost in the early goings. A tutorial has been added, but for the first couple of voyages it can be hard to figure out the best way to make money, or how much food and supplies you'll need for your journey.-Combat is still a bit finicky at times. When battling sea creatures who's main attack is ramming your ship, at this point in time it seems if you can sail right next to them they aren't able to ram your ship and you can down enemies you are not supposed to in the early goings.-There is a lot of content in the game, and often I find myself having to keep the game wiki open to see what certain items are used for, as well as what items I need to cotinue a story. Not a big deal for some, but it does break immersion."
76561197983799166,Recommended,304650,12382255,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,22wings,brilliant 8/10
76561198035656046,Recommended,304650,12336865,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,leucofra,"This game is wonderful even though it's still an early access. The steampunkish setting is really nice and the gameplay had me glued to the computer, so much so that I forgot to eat lunch."
,Recommended,304650,12495972,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,xveganrox,"This game is great. You don't need to play Fallen London to enjoy this game, but it makes it even better. If you like dark humor, Victorian steampunk, and classy hats, this is where its at. Despite being in early access, there is enough of a complete game here for anyone to enjoy."
,Recommended,304650,12498059,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Synthestitch,Very fun ship based game. Highly recommended
,Recommended,304650,12536791,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,saltmummy626,"An utterly fascinating game filled with a very creative lore. Combat is functional but tricky until you can get a rear facing gun though. other wise it looks nice, and it plays smoothly if unforgivingly."
,Recommended,304650,27257301,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yawnmachine,The most beautiful wordsmithing you will ever see in a game. Absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,304650,27317512,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zaracas,This is a gem of a game. Story rich and creepy. I have died and died again (after eating some of the crew) in the search of weath and immortality. This is a must have.
,Recommended,304650,27339900,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pleasure Stick,"When I first started the game, I was too clueless to do anything.Some folks would recommend figuring things out yourself as you go, but this will more than likely end up with you getting killed. A lot.So I recommend reading up on a minor guide or two, but do NOT spoil yourself in terms of mini stories and whatnot. The lore's pretty nice, too."
,Recommended,304650,27309074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ronin_fight,"Fallen London is the most unique universe I had the chance to explore. In Sunless Sea, the focus shifts outside of London, which just serves as a base of operations, and you find exploring the vast and unmapped Zee. The Zee is a dangerous and marvelous place where you will live many different adventures depending on your choices, but also can find yourself in dire situations. Will you unravel the mysteries of the Dawn machine, spend time in Khanate, find your way to the Tomb colonies, befriend a devil or even find your way back to the surface? It's all up to you and what you chose the pursue.The writing is stellar, as  with Fallen London and despite some tedious exploration mechanics, it is well worth playing if you're a fan of the universe or just enjoy outstanding writing. Pick it up on sales, it's usually a great value."
76561197990673669,Recommended,304650,27306651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aasimon,"There is something Hypnotic and absorbing about the Dark, Moist, Bizarre, Tragic, Comic and otherworldly world you take a deep plunge in Sunless Sea and its excellent expansion Zubmariner, you feel as if you were thrapped in some kind Of groundhog day (Or life) Story in a underworld where the feats of your predecesors always leave a mark (And their inheritance helps you come forward, mourn your past mistakes, trade, Fight Zee-beasts, Conspire, Betray, Show Mercy, Seek Power, Be Kind, Be Vile, Lose your mind and eat your crew.  ^^"
76561197967300846,Recommended,304650,27312323,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elritus,"Slow moving, cerebral, and above all atmospheric. Eldritch horror in a victorian, subterranean nightmare sea, done very well. Absolutely worth playing if it piques your interest at all."
,Recommended,304650,27335146,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shanodin,One of the best games I've played in a long time. Zubmariner just piles the awesome on top of the awesome.
,Recommended,304650,27337946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Batman of Zur-En-Arrh,"So good, you need to play it."
,Recommended,304650,27335409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShadowInk,I just discovered this is a spin off of Fallen London from the Story Nexus.  A fascinating backstory.
,Recommended,304650,27335753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,amudhippo,"Sunless Sea is a game that requires patience, and planning. Making a mistake grants swift punishment, but if you think ahead, and stay careful you'll find yourself strong enough later to do just about anything you want. To get to that point can require quite a bit of a grind, and if you make the wrong choices you might lose a lot of chances, but even then this game can be quite entertaining. Sunless sea has a good sense of mystery, and uses a wonderful array of archaic language, and story telling pieces to build off of the world fallen london created. I recommend this game to fans of survival games, and people who enjoy exploring."
,Recommended,304650,27341789,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,avmurphy,Sunless Sea is in a word brilliant! The ways that the narrative draws you in is amazing.
,Recommended,304650,27293951,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Falso Tropa,One of the best Lovecraftiam theme game!So addicted! Awesome art and storyline.A must play for Lovecraft fans!
,Recommended,304650,27287636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gaivs_petronivs,"I have been playing this game since it came out, and I love it every bit as much as when it came out.  The backstory is wonderful, the art is spot on, and the gameplay sucks you in with madness and beauty.The Zubmariner expansion is a great addition to the game, with al lot of new content.  It's possible it makes the game a little cluttered, but it's worth it for the new destinations and access to supplies and fuel."
,Recommended,304650,27331460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lightspeed Kenny,"Despite its unbelievably slow gameplay, there's something immediately and obviously compelling about this game. The writing is fantastic, the music is even better, and the way you progress through the game is a wonderful throwback to the sandbox space simulators of the olden days. If you're in the mood for burning a few dozen hours stumbling around the underworld, grinding for cash and watching horrible things happen to other people, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,304650,27346822,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bendables,"This game is a blast. i would however say if you dont like relaxed games, quiet games, or alot of reading avoid this. if your ok with that then get ready for a story rich adventure in the under zee."
76561197983920404,Recommended,304650,27346841,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trixster,Relaxing. Artistic. Bizarre. Where else can you sell your soul to a monkey?HESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUN.Apparently.
,Recommended,304650,27350090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,█,The sea is black and dark.
,Recommended,304650,27361607,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cody.j.pierson,Great writing. Engaging gameplay loop. Gets a little stale once you've exhautsted most of the story lines and are grinding for an ending.
76561198033672107,Recommended,304650,27358182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BigDiesel,"Under a couple layers of clunkiness you'll find a fantastic world of adventure and danger. The game is by no means perfect, but if you get into the spirit of it, you can spend hours criss-crossing the zee trying to complete quests, discover hidden secrets, and somehow scrounge up enough loot to pay for your next excursion.One place I think this game excels is as something to play in a second monitor or on half your screen, with a movie or TV show on the other. Sometimes you'll have a quiet moment where there's a long distance to the next island, and it's nice to have something else to take your mind off it.I'm really looking forward to playing the Zubmariner expansion, and I'm planning on picking it up once it goes on sale."
76561198202979189,Recommended,304650,27355231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bman4ever,Only played it for a short while so far and I've got to say it's pretty great. Love the style and the music; can't wait to see what else is in store later on in the game.
76561198064419214,Recommended,304650,20887034,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,cielomellow,Dope
76561198146279270,Recommended,304650,20888418,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,tellmeninetails,"While playing this game. I found myself reaching an enlightened point of zen being a zee captain.The pacing was perfict and it's really a game for the calmer people, it's not fair to compare this to games like cod that keep distracting you with flashy lights and graphics. This is for the person who wants a calm session of pure survival, where you can take a moment to think about your next move easily, as it gives you the time to think and such."
76561198035958208,Recommended,304650,20898263,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Zetoyoc,I tried this game on a free weekend and only had time for about 45 min of play.... I died.  The world and game play was intruiging and attractive. I will soon buy this game based on a quick demo.
76561198049363329,Recommended,304650,20898477,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,DrGarbagebaby,"OVERALL: 8.5/10Eerie, yet delectable. My first captain died within thirty minutes of venturing out to zee, falling prey to the myriad creatures roaming the dark waters. My next captain was wilier, smarter, but still died after failing to pay back certain... debts. My third captain is yet to die. I have played this game for roughly twelve hours, and never have I felt myself retreading the same ground. There are certain patterns and characters that come up in each playthrough, but each ship's captain feels decidedly differnt. You get what you give, but the zee, it takes it all back in the end. Highly recommend for anyone into Lovecraft, exploration based games, and story-based roguelike games."
,Recommended,304650,20875744,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,maxcorps,I lOVE this game. It's definately unique for starters. You can die pretty easily. Even if you think you're prepared the ZEE can be a cruel mistriss. It can be slow paced at times and then turn in to a frentic oh god it's going to kill me as you try to sail away from a gaint sea monster. You WILL Die. But your decendents may be sucessful if you plan properly. Definately worth giving a shot.
76561198020438753,Recommended,304650,20881142,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pass_the _M,The Zee is not friendly. The Zee will not hold your hand. You will probably die in the Zee.
76561198003519387,Recommended,304650,20881475,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MoDtAp,"Not the sort of game i'd normally go for, but really surprised me with how enjoyable it was. Great atmosphere and really good writing.Buy it."
,Recommended,304650,20880305,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Not Daniels,Thanks steam. You gave me a taste of the product and like an addict I got hooked.  Steam is a Pusher...a lousy mog peddling pusher.Edit: Carpal tunnel is a cruel mistress.
,Recommended,304650,20880648,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lina Jazz,"It's nice! I could play hours.At first I was focus on not dying, honestly, sometime dying is kinda necesary, i finally went a long run on my 7th legacy.Well one thing that propably tiring is to go over again, but you know where to take cautious next so it would be better"
76561197971656925,Recommended,304650,20882252,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mourning Glory,"Frustrating fun! This is a rich, engaging world with well balanced gameplay. If you are having to grind or cannot progress beyond your start point as some have suggested - your doing it wrong! Sure its not easy, but it is also not impossible. Have I finished the game? not yet. Will I be incredibly satisfied when i do? (I am looking forward to finding out ^.^ ). I love the lineage element to gameplay - risks feel like risks, but even losing presents new opportunities to refine, improve and best your last effort.After 7 years on steam this is the first time i have gone to the effort to write a review, so yes, I highly reccomend giving in to that twitching urge inside you when you first saw the game title and give it a go!Travelled so far that I lost my mind, ate my crew, got within sight of my home harbour only to be delivered to the farthest corner of the map by a benevolent god. Pirates sunk my ship."
12312312312312313,Recommended,304650,20882412,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ShezanFP ><,i love this game after the free play i need more lol.
,Recommended,304650,20877542,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,cybersettler,"I like what I've seen so far. Good graphics, good music, the steam punk atmosphere, and the ship control. It seems to have a lot of story lines to go about. Haven't played much though."
,Recommended,304650,20877558,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,davedujour,"Interesting game of exploration. Your captain will die, and so probably will the next one. Thick in atmosphere, best played in dim lighting to give the feel of the dark forboding Unterzee that you're exploring. Some repition of the early game, after a captain dies. Not combat heavy, at least yet, but a lot of different stories to read and places to seek out."
76561198022429198,Recommended,304650,20875048,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Isolated Paramnesia,"Really like this game, the story is interesting and the exploration has you on your toes all the time"
76561197971687562,Recommended,304650,21251213,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Eik van de Deik,"If I would have to describe Sunless Sea in one word I would have to say: distances. True, I could have said seafaring, terror or loneliness. However most striking about this game are the distances you have to travel to explore the Underzee in all its horrifying beauty and to assure you, you will have to travel a lot.The exploration takes a lot of time in the beginning, but once you have located all the islands the process of exploring shifts from traveling the zee to the encounters on the islands. There you will find the stories of terror the developers want to tell. Each story might take a different turn if you fail to succeed in a skill challenge. Don't worry if you fail, your next captain (Did I forget to mention this game is roguelike? Oops! Well, it is.) might succeed. But even if you succeed, the story might go south as your choice of action was the wrong one (I still grieve for my magician. But I had to eat him. He asked for it. Sort of.)Which brings me to the story itself. Although you might choose a background for your captain (you don't have to) and therefore give him a reason, why he sails the Underzee, there is not a real story, but a lot of small stories, which merge into the story of your captain (I promise, next time I will save you Bob [the magician; I called him Bob]). Every location and every officer has its own story you can experience, for example the tireless mechanic aka Mike (yes, I called him Mike) has stolen something and is now plagued by nightmares and you can help him, if you want to (you don't have to). Each of these stories circle around fear, horror and nightmares. It is fascinating to experience the terrors the developers came up with. As long as its sailor's yarn you can bet its in this game, but in Sunless Sea it's real. Blood-sucking bats, gigantic moths and living icebergs. Only the kraken is missing. (And freak waves. They are missing too.)The combat system is rather simple and repetitive. There is no damage control like in FTL and as the ships are steam-powered (or is it oil?) there is no need to take the wind into consideration (like in Pirates), so either keeping your distance or getting in close behind the enemy is the choice until your gunners have a firing solution (yeah, you don't have to do that). Then it's hitting the button for the weapon and repeat until either your enemy or you are on the bottom of the Underzee. Fighting multiple enemies might happen but its also rather rare and with a bit of intelligent navigation avoidable (which you should do).Besides the monsters you can encounter neutral or hostile ships such as pirates on the zee. However you still might to experience the feeling of loneliness because the frequency of encounters is rather low due to the fact these encounters are mostly bound to spawning points near certain locations. This might be a deal-breaker to some, but I promise you in these moments of loneliness you will start to worry if your fuel and supplies (2 of 3 main resources, the other is money) will suffice or your terror-level will not rise too high before you reach the next port. (If it gets too high, you might experience nightmares or even worse succumb to madness, which equals death). All this is supported by a wonderful soundtrack which creates a dense and dark atmosphere.However don't expect any voice-over. Except for the soundtrack and some sound effects this game is silent. No “Sail Ho”s, no “Arr”s will accompany you on your voyage. The voice of the narrator will be your inner voice. To some this might be another deal-breaker, but what do you expect, this is a 20€-game after all.Furthermore after a certain point, depending on your playstyle, it might occur that you will just travel back and forth between two locations to advance one particular storyline and there is nothing much you can do in between, because you already have the biggest ship and finished the storylines of the ports on the way. This happened to me after round about 70 hours (!!!) in one iteration (maybe I'm playing it wrong). The distances then become a menace. I wished that the game becomes more difficult the longer your captain survives, but it doesn't. But this is high level nagging.After all it's a good game, definitely worth a try.And the zee will grant each man new terrors,as sleep brings dreams of horror."
,Recommended,304650,21161032,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,lexxingt0n,"TLDR: What a beautiful game!DR: Wonderful stories, wonderful ambience, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥happening. Lovecraftian with a good dose of humour _without_ losing the scariness :) If you love Cthulhu, Steampunk, urban fantasy or anything remotely in that direction, you want this."
76561198083701415,Recommended,304650,21146249,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,53ph,"I just starting playing this, mind...but so far its excellent fun. I'll expand and revise this review as I go, but  I feel confident predicting that I'll be happy spending many more hours discovering islands of feuding rodents, dealing with shifty merchants to upgrade my ship, and debating when the right time to resort to cannibalism is."
,Recommended,304650,21154474,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Necrom,Great game
76561198000042225,Recommended,304650,21120914,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jezza The Orangutan (GO A'S),For real 100 100 100 this game is rigged to prevent me from ever upgrading away from the POS starting vessel. It's killed me 3 times on my way back to upgrade.
,Recommended,304650,12257411,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vladof5821,"Nice casual game that keeps you hooked, alot."
,Recommended,304650,11301087,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Magyarman,"Strange, full of dark humor.  Fun though"
76561198003930587,Recommended,304650,11079810,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Edward Eaton,"Every Thing I never knew I wanted In a horror game, It's Nautical Nature Is to die for."
,Recommended,304650,11082179,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dechs,"The game looks nice and feels nice.. But it could use a lot of more story content. None of the cities except London give any quests, and I'm starting to think I'm just getting the same ""fetch"" quest from London over and over again. Also they should think of some improvement to navigation, perhaps asking directionsn would work. Now it's just ""go to place X"" and you don't necessarily have any bloody idea if that's north, east or south."
,Recommended,304650,11085352,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SinKlare,"Early Access.Let me just start off by saying... great artwork, music, atmosphere, and the immensely intriguing dialogues throughout your voyage. Its all simply...fantastic. I haven't gotten around to playing it as much as I should but there are a few possibly opinionated critiques.-Currently, the combat could be a bit punishing. If you have enough iron, its easy enough to destroy the enemy...depending on what they are. If you're trying for observation though, you will take some damage. Considering that, as far as I can tell, only London has repairs, you could quickly end up dead. Sitting in the waters and reparing one tick at a time does not help considering creepy swimmies are always on you. Bascially...a few more repair ports would be helpful.- I have explored pretty south until I reached the uncharted before I got mauled to death. Did not expected the map to be uncharted :p- Most ports seems to have a lack of inventory.- Maybe have someway of adjusting your ration? (Not really important but I was thinking of Oregon Trail)But if you're looking for an atmospheric game that is more about decisions and consequences with a little luck and chance, than actiona and glory, this is it. Its a voyage for worse and worse."
,Recommended,304650,11129110,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,tanukihat,I always wanted to be a gnarly zee captain consumed by my own terror of zee bats and worse.  Now I have that chance.  I propose a new genre for this type of game: zeeguelike.
76561198018052351,Recommended,304650,11134903,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Farfulus,"As far as an early access game goes, I would recommend this game. A good text based exploring/open world/choose your own adventure game. It is a little redundant at the moment, but I believe this will be fixed with a better economy (currently trading goods isn't hugely worth while as your buy price is often the same as the best sell price). Getting money is a bit of a grind, but still manageable (not easy though).With the updates that are sure to come before release, this game will easily be my 'chill out for an hour or two before going to bed' kind of game. definitely recommend it."
76561198003097025,Recommended,304650,11134556,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jimmy Onishi  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Sailed into GIANT ENEMY CRAB... Flipped it on its back... and attacked it's weak point for MASSIVE DAMAGE.Better than Genji II11/10
76561198168823046,Recommended,304650,22751340,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Galgrutz,"I find this game hard to review, all in all its a good game with fantastic story's and good gameplay, however it is also pretty easily forgotton about and put to the bottom of the ""to play"" pile. i reccomend it in anycase because of the GG story's and atmosphere a simple game like this can give"
76561198054036080,Recommended,304650,20905583,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,CkNate,good game produced with heart and soul.
76561197989679695,Recommended,304650,20947207,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jaecp,"I liked it on free weekend, but this is a game where I really need to wait for a sale #OnWishlist #Following"
,Recommended,304650,20883748,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Acharenus,"A terrific blend of roguelike and open world RPG set in a world heavily inspired by lovecraftian themes.The game plays from a top down perspective, you're a captain trying to make some sort of living in a surreal underworld seascape beset by supply and fuel needs as well as the palpable insanity around you.The roguelike features come into play by handing down anything you've managed to set aside for your heir...you may think therefore that death is incredibly common like some more challenging roguelikes out there. Not so, the game has a steady difficulty curve as you explore more and more beyond the starting city as well as plenty of opportunity's to recover from the brink of failure with skill and a bit of luck.If you enjoy lovecraftian themes, open world rpg's with roguelike additions this is a very easy reccomendation."
,Recommended,304650,20883846,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Leeroy Jenkins FTW!,"MY REVIEW(MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS)I played this during the three days it was out for free and frankly, based on my experience of the game, It's causing me to buy the game as it is.WHAT IS THIS GAME?Sunless sea is an open world, surviving Overhead POV game taking place in the late 1800s. You are the captain of a ship in an alternate world where the world has become sea-filled world and you virtually just....explore. You begin at London or at least, what's left of it and You are given some objectives in which you complete by traveling around and the way they do this is done right. There hasn't been a time where I stopped playing until I died. Immersion in this game is very heavy as you decide the best courses of actions or questioning how you strategically use your resources to maximize your usage of each of them. The ""Zee"" is full of mysteries that even I myself have yet to extensively find or solve. I wont go into too much detail on this, but I will say this, you will be busy....VERY busy and dontPROS AND CONS:+Frequently auto saves: Every decision you make, everytime you get to port, it WILL autosave and you are freely able to disable it and do manual saves (Though i wouldn't recommend it if you wanna play by the rules)+Easy to learn, Hard to master: The game gives you the right amount of information to get started, but not engulf you with a lot of information that would cause you to lose interest. Spoonfuls rather than bowls.+Immersion is intense: Once you start to travel from your home port, to the huge sea world out there, you'll start to learn how dangerous and unforgiving it is to be out there and how scary it can be to sail the dark depths of the ""zee"".+Artwork and designs: Eye candy...the atmosphere and ambience of the ""Zee"" just fits well with the artwork and just adds to the creep factor of being out at see+-Music: Music blends well with the game, it defines every place perfectly with a proper orchestral cue, though I put it as both a pro and a con cause you would be hearing the song cues A LOT.+-Permadeath: This game has a bit of a permadeath feature included on it, but if you know how to work around it, it's not too bad of a feature to be included and it gives you more reason to feel more cautious on being risky.-Money: Getting money can be a hassle. I didn't have that difficult of a time finding money after the 3rd time getting in it, but you will be busy starting out small and working up to getting higher amounts of money cause you need A LOT....of money...like A LOT....but the game gives you plenty of opportunities.-Enemies: there are some easy ones, some REALLY annoying ones, and a very few neutrals. Some of the A.I.s can be cheesed pretty easily, and some are relentlessly hard (had like a power house ship with strong cannons, and i still get demolished) but they're aren't impossible. You'll see what I mean when you play it.IS IT WORTH $20 ($18.99 if you didn't receive the weekend deal)?At the current state that it's in, not really...but it is definitely worth getting when on sale and from what I've heard, they have more upcoming content. If you wish to keep the game for future updates then definitely buy it for whatever price it has, or wait for a deal...either way, this is a game you shouldn't just ignore."
,Recommended,304650,20884277,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Lucky Shadow,"Where to start with this game? Well, I suppose I should qualify this recommendation by saying that this game IS NOT for everyone. It is essentially half-game, half-story. You are in control only of the game half, and the story half frequently seems to hate your filthy, stinking, mortal guts. The starting ship is slow, weak, and many zee beasts and other ships are big, fast, and strong. So you will die, and it will often be at the most depressing times. I went into this thinking ""I'm a lucky guy, I'll bet I can die a lot less than most people. Might even win the game!"" I was hilariously mistaken in thinking this. I have played around 40 hours now, and have never even gotten close to winning with any of the possible paths.With all that said, the world in which you play is nothing short of incredible. Everyone has a story, and you can influence almost all of them. If you enjoy story-heavy games, or if you enjoy heavily atmospheric games, PLAY THIS. I cannot express how much fun it can be to write your own story with your actions, even if it ends in sudden tragedy."
76561198014929875,Recommended,304650,20941317,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,rvncto,"im about 8 hours into this game.i've been playing Witcher3 daily for over a month now.   But somehow this game, Endless Sea actually made me stay away from Witcher3 for a night.   I almost can't believe it myself.It is text heavy.   it plays like a super fancy version of mafia wars.but the music and the ... atmosphere.  its very compelling."
76561197997137471,Recommended,304650,20940445,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Manticore,"FTL in Victorian Horror.Fun Rouguelike with a Lovecraftian, Steampunk setting. Lots of flavour text to read, and great world to get immersed in. The length of time spent sailing across the map can be tedious at times, but I think it adds to the whole atmosphere of being doomed from the start. Also, the fact that you can die suddenly (especially on the normal setting, rather than the ""Merciful"" save options) is offset by the ability to collect items which can be passed down to future iterations (through heirlooms, property etc.). All in all, I'd recommend this for a game to play, but possibly while also having one eye on a book/video.Also, I'd recommend looking at Fallen London/Echo Bazaar as well, as there is overlap and if you like one, the other should appeal."
76561198084299123,Recommended,304650,20942064,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,zbgaber,"This game is something of a flawed gem.  But for all the issues I could gripe about, where this game truly triumphs is pure atmosphere.  It's not something you appreciate until you play for several hours and really start getting further out to zee but once you do you find yourself emmersed in a coherent dark, mysterious, and utterly alien world.  Imagine Call of Cthulhu meets Heart of Darkness.  I keep playing not so much for the gameplay (which is pretty basic actually) but just to keep puzzling out the glimpses I get of this dark world.  If you can enjoy it on that level, this is a great game."
76561197998325470,Recommended,304650,20891956,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JabberwockyX,"Sunless sea really captured my imagination.  The game is rich in story, ranging from intriguing secrets to absurd characters, yet all tactfully within the quirky depths of it's subterranean setting.  I truly felt an explorer in a strange, exotic land.As all games, it has strengths and weaknesses.  I will try to clarify both, to help the decisions of potential buyers.Strengths:Story- This is a text heavy game.  Spread across the sea are countless tales (well, I didn't count them) that draw you into the lore and life (or death) of Sunless Sea.Exploration- I needed to keep a list of all the places and characters with which I had unfinished business.  With more awaiting just past the edge of unexplored waters.Mood- It's surprising how watching a little ship move slowly across a screen can really transport you to a different world, your head filled with a briny mix of odd tales, your rudder guiding you past monstrous sea creatures who all apparently love the taste of dead sailor.Core Gameplay Loop- You're drawn out to explore to the limits of your meager provisions and combat ability.  To scour the sea and its islands for those rare (and cleverly designed) oddities, knick-knacks, and artifacts.  These items further bolster your ability to delve deeper, or complete interactions with the various denizens of the distant sea.  Then to return home to London, to safety, to restock provisions once again for another excursion.  Perhaps with that new aft-cannon you've been eyeing.Potential ""Weaknesses"":I put this in quotes because this game succeeds in what it tries to do.  But included in this are aspects that some types of gamers just won't dig.Permadeath (default mode)- Which can be turned off, but that's no fun.Text Heavy- You will spend a lot of time reading stories.  If you don't enjoy this, you should probably pass on the game.  Most are very cleverly written.Combat Mechanics- I found the combat fun enough, but it's simple - not complex enough to carry the game on its own.  This is not a naval battle simulator.Resource Gathering- In some ways resource gathering ""feels different"" in Sunless Sea - primarily because it's wrapped in a lore of collecting stories and other tidbits like ""searing enigmas"" and ""intriguing snippets"".  But mechanistically this works much like gathering wood, stone, gold, iron, or other resources in more traditional games.  You need this stuff to advance in the game, and you'll spend a lot of time planning excursions to gather them.Pacing- Your ship moves pretty slow.  There's significant travel time watching your barge steam lazily across the expanse of the sunless sea.  Usually there's enough mental planning, or ongoing stories to contemplate to keep you engaged during these voyages.  But there is no fast action or instant gratification here.Wiki Recommended (but not required):Sometimes you need a particular resource to complete a story line.  While you could attempt to find all the right nooks and crannies to hunt down these rare specimens yourself, it would be slow going.  Your progress in a particular story or objective will be blocked until you get lucky enough to come upon it.  I would have had a tough time slogging through without the aid of the online Sunless Sea wiki (easily google-able).  Others may be more patient than I.Failbetter Games have crafted something very unique in Sunless Sea.  It feels like the sort of game author Neal Gaiman might create were he a game developer.  I very much enjoyed my ponderous and deadly journeys across its obscure islands and murky depths."
,Recommended,304650,20883455,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,silkalivedoll,"A vicious and draconian survival-exploration game that will cause frustration and lost weekends. I totally recommend this game for those who love simple fetch quests, sharp story twists, and aren't as into combat. :D"
76561198261489819,Recommended,304650,20868718,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ODB_Sensei,"Sunless Sea is a unique indie game featuring London (the main city you start in) being taken underground by millions of bats. London is not the only location that has been taken undergroudn and as you explore you will find other cities that have been taken under from the surface as well. Surrounding London is the Unterzee, a subterranean ocean infested with monstrous sea life and adventure.The Unterzee as opposed to the surface world is much closer to Hell. Devils/Demons appear constantly and show up  in various storylines as you play through the game; Some being outcasts while others being parts of society.I've played 17+ hours of this game during the free weekend and this is my review.Pro's:-100+ hours of gameplay-Dev team keeps adding more stories-The games atmosphere is immersive, intense, and authentic. Its a mind trip. You will not play ANY game like this. Its a one of a kind. A diamond in the rough.-If you do not share map charts with your heir after you die the map will change everytime. Like Diablo 3's random map generation this keeps the game very entertaining and fun everytime you leave port.-Mysterious and compelling. Every quest offers atleast two choices but mainly 3 or more on how to proceed with a given mission. You often ask yourself what if i did this instead. It equates to more gameplay hours with more playthroughs. You will not get bored.-Fear constantly keeps you on your toes. I've seen tentacles take crew right off my deck, one minute billy was sweeping the deck, the next he just wasn't there no more. At first I thought it was the whiskey, but after i took roll call I knew it wasn't just a bad dream.Cons:-There are some annoying money drains that really hinder echo generating progress; Such as sleeping in your London home for a night costs money.-The Buying/Selling of goods from port to port is broken. For example in Irem i can purchase fuel and supplies just fine but if i want to sell those goods when i just need 5 echo to purchase an extra secret i literally cant. They will gladly buy my fuel/supplies but for 0 ECHO!!!! what gives? Furthermore only certain ports let you sell certain items. So you may have an item in your hold that you want to get rid of for a couple extra echo but cannot due to port buy/sell limitations.Conclusion: This game is a unique, compelling, and immersive experience that took my mind entirely off everything else going on in my life. I have never played a game remotely like this in my 25 years of gaming. The stories are enthralling and unreal, the terrors of the Unterzee keep you on your toes everytime you leave port. It's the hapless Captains that don't pay attention that the drowned men take into the dark waters of the Unterzee.However the inventory system is a pain to deal with at times due to fuel/supply storage limitations. The echo grind is insane and you will most likely never get to experience the might of the 30,000 echo dreadnaught ship.Despite these flaws I have to give this game a 8/10. For a unique and rich plot and terrifyingly immersive enviroment that is actually quite hard to do in a top down view game. The dev team constantly brings updates and new content and I have a feeling the echo economy will be changing for the better with these updates.Goodluck out there in the Unterzee Captains your going to need it, lest the black take you...."
,Recommended,304650,20901398,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Demented_Zwei,"I tried it on the free weekend, so I dont have too much experience with it. That being said, I enjoyed it. Something drew me back to it. It is a hardcore survival game. You will die on your first ship, or run out of resources or fuel but once the game has been learned through trial and error the games will last much longer and you will be able to explore much more of the world."
76561198008534531,Not Recommended,304650,20894446,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,zonemagorgo,Looks great but that is all it has going for it. Overall really boring and would make a better graphic novel than a game.
76561198079965599,Recommended,304650,20894486,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,yotkot,"A very good game. However, you must be okay with reading and roleplay to enjoy it."
76561197972496066,Recommended,304650,20885417,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,=UD= Flamepreacher,"You will never play a game quite like this.  It may be roguelike it may be browser like, but it will be forever unique. You will eat your crew and they will taste sweet"
76561198041200519,Recommended,304650,20885825,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SimpleArc,"Lots of fun, lot's of time spent playing. Also has lots of flaws though, and is not complete. Very original. If you like patience, strategy, chance, and the theme of a gothic underground London I recommend trying out Sunless Sea."
76561197995259472,Not Recommended,304650,20906229,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lost_Luna,"The actual writing in this game is quite good, as is the setting and the character dialogue.  I'm really quite interested in finding more material set in this universe...provided they are in an actual book, and not anything like this game.The game is slow, horrifyingly so.  You can buy new ships, and new engines, but these essentially enhance the efficiency at which your ship consumes fuel, it doesn't result in a meaningful increase in actual ship speed.  In a game where you are going to be travelling from point A to point B repeatedly, and must make that same jog in order to reach point C or Z, this becomes a monotonous slog of travelling very slowly, through the same area, dozens if not hundreds of times.If you do buy this game then I encourage you to also buy a paperback novel, or some other form of entertainment you can occupy yourself with during the 95% of this game that is just tedious grinding."
,Recommended,304650,27476217,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stranger,A simple game of countless stories.The Unterzee awaits.Your story lies untold.
,Recommended,304650,27476733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ronbeech,Love it.Great atmosphere.Great stories.Always need more lovecraftian in my life.
,Recommended,304650,27757320,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GoonyTunes,My pick for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award - THESUNTHESUNTHESUN
76561198012533804,Recommended,304650,27682173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,White King,"Sunless Sea is set in an eerie world, worth exploring for the plethora of stories hidden within and where death and madness are an ever-looming presence."
,Recommended,304650,31250694,Posted: 19 April,all,vdrazdik,"You will enjoy this game if you liked Pride and Prejudice and Zombies - it has that kind of dark humor mixed with grimy Victorian London aesthetic. There are disturbing and genuinely meaningful moments too, all wrapped up in a deeply developed story with its own rich lore that threatens to swallow you whole. The art is absolutely beautiful as well. I can't wait to get the Zubmariner extension - if it's anything like Sunless Sea, I'll love it :)"
,Recommended,304650,32861927,Posted: 27 June,all,DarkNetFan,It's great if you like story and reading and don't mind some time where nothing is happening. The grim setting it's in is great.
,Recommended,304650,32825352,Posted: 26 June,all,King Jayco,"Exploring the Zee, dying often, unraveling the mysteries of a hundred varied ports. I especially loved the suN tHE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN- the variety and mood. Gameplay can get boring or slow, and become a little fetch quest-y, but I always come back!"
76561198032494865,Recommended,304650,32799452,Posted: 25 June,all,Babumkin,Pretty amazing 9/10
,Recommended,304650,16610453,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SkulduggeryGaunt,"Stunning graphics, great soundtrack and beautiful storywriting create a packing atmosphere. Zail the Unterzee, explore far ports, trade strange goods, smuggle weird drugs and fight scary monsters. Vicorian London meets Steampunk, Lovecraft, and zailing.Did I get your attention? Yes? Good, than this games was made for you.What are you waiting for? Go and start your journey! It can only cost your life and you got that for free..."
76561198059044157,Recommended,304650,32854566,Posted: 27 June,all,BamBam,Really excellent game full of mystery and fearful exploration. Takes all the best aspects of legacy driven games and adds in a flair of the old Victorian horror style atmosphere. Would recommend.
,Recommended,304650,32795929,Posted: 25 June,all,That_fluffy_ninja,"It is day eight. I have heard tales of previous captains, lost to living icebergs and swarms of bats. It seems my fate will be sealed in a less spectacular way. We have run out of supplies, with only me and a crewman left. He looks so delicious... should I feed? I may make it if I do... but what will I become? If anybody reads this journal remember: rbing supplies, and watch your crew closely. Any may be a cannibal. This is my final farewell. I have decided to spare my final crewman, and he and I shall die on this wretched vessel together.Fun, choice driven game. I highly recommend it."
76561198013022995,Recommended,304650,32843349,Posted: 26 June,all,Homuhomu,"Its a combination between a logistics/trading game and a stats-based story RPG. Immersive, fascinating and most of all offers a sense of achievement when you accomplish the incredibly difficult ambitions, recommended to all with a patience for stories.Also, I recommend using Cheat-Engine to speedhack the game, doubling the speed of the game makes it twice as better."
,Recommended,304650,32886744,Posted: 27 June,all,SPAGETT,"The music, the atmosmphere, the story.  It's not action packed by a long shot, but it's one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198268244937,Not Recommended,304650,30003909,Posted: 18 February,all,BakaNeko,"Rely heavily on story line, not suitable for those who dont spend time reading the plot"
76561198272081112,Recommended,304650,32889328,Posted: 27 June,all,qualmsoffyre,"I've spent way too much time playing this game, but it never really gets old. I've won the game twice, but there are still things I haven't figured out. The story is great, and scary, and beautiful, and I'm excitedly awaiting the sequel. Definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,304650,32894452,Posted: 27 June,all,|SD|_HailHugo,I have had my eye on this game for awhile and I'm so glad I bought it. I will tell you if you like written stories and not knowing much about whats going on this game is a great find.
,Recommended,304650,32936828,Posted: 28 June,all,Wild Duck,"Игра заставляет вас расслабиться и погрузиться в замечательную атмосферу. Проработка мира шикарна, но вам необходимо знание английского языка. Могу посоветовать эту игру почти всем, но нужно определённое настроение, тогда она понравиться вам в разы сильнее (Ночь, кофе, плед, дождик... Такое настроение, да)"
,Recommended,304650,32671676,Posted: 23 June,all,Alfonzo the Russian,"Sunless Sea is: beautifully terrifying, anxiously unforgiving, and enthrallingly well written. This game creates a crushingly unforgettable atmosphere that unnerves the player to their core with a haunting soundtrack and a gorgeous art design. The gameplay keeps the player in constant, yet subtle, suspense through its rogue-like design and brutal combat. The stories told at sea are boundlessly creative, and, as a result, completely consume its audience's attention. This game is a near masterpiece. Although, a word of caution, the Zee is not for the faint of heart."
76561198157806368,Recommended,304650,32698658,Posted: 23 June,all,Nope,"Personally I enjoyed this game. It was pretty difficult to get into, considering it doesn't set up the background story at all and not really understanding what was happening. Its difficult to become successful in this game, as well as being unsure what the overarching storyline is so had no idea of what to do other than 'explore'. My advice is to be adventurous, maybe sacrifice a captain to unlock as much of the map as possible, then have your successor be a correspondent so you're able to keep the map but start the story for real. Its also difficult to get money, the Admiral commissions as well as the port reports are a good way of getting money, but you'll get stuck in a loop if you dont go very far out: go somewhere close by for port report > get a small amount of gold > can't afford fuel and supplies > go somewhere close by... Would very much recommend getting the Cladery Heir dlc so that you can get the Cladery Heart, while it isn't necessarily great in terms of fuel and supply consumption, you'll get so much more cargo space and can basically mine gold by carrying a bunch of Sphinxstones between the Salt Lions and Fallen London.Overall I enjoyed the various different storylines, I did find it overwhelmingly frustrating at times though, you have to have a strategy in mind when playing or else you will absolutely die and discover you didn't save for like 3 hours..."
,Recommended,304650,32968129,Posted: 28 June,all,Iggy,"Pretty good atmosphere and music. I found myself actually caring to stop mashing the ""next"" button to read the flavor text.Don't get so caught up trying to min max that you forget to enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,304650,23774992,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ballistic Otter,If you modify your game files to make your ship go really fast it makes it hard to stop in time and you'll dash your vessel upon the rocks.
76561198095793256,Recommended,304650,33326757,Posted: 6 July,all,Hitchhiking.png,"Sunless Sea is a text-based adventure through the cavern in which Victorian London now resides, having fallen from the surface in the years prior to the start of the game.Firstly, if you are not a fan of slow-paced games, step away. In no way have I found this game tedious (being a fan of both the action-packed and slow-paced genres), however if you are looking for a game where you sail around and fight/loot galleys and merchant ships such as AC4: Black Flag, then this is not the game you are looking for.I personally have not found any objectively negative things about the game (save for 1 which I'll address later), so I'll simply list out the notable features as opposed to doing a Pro/Con list.NOTABLE FEATURES- Permanent Top-down perspective. You will always be looking on from the above, just as it maintains in the trailer- Most of the gameplay consists of reading and making choices. Yes, you sail around and you can fight various creatures, however to real meat of the game lies in the rich story which you can develop at your own leisure, and in your own way. There are various decisions that are permanent and have lasting effects on your story, making this game in a very real way a living choose your own adventure game.- 2 modes of gameplay. You can save whenever you want on merciful (I think that's what it's called), or you can do a hardcore run where you only autosave at ports and permadeath is enabled (though there is a way to pass on certain items after death).- If you're going to buy this game, I wholeheartedly recommend the Zubmariner DLC expansion. It adds a bunch of new ports and with them, certain stories, and it adds more zee-beasts and a whole new layer to the existing map. An important thing to note about this though, is that you must undertake a quest to be able to use the Zubmarine by going to certain places and doing certain things. I have no reservations with this, however others have demonstrated distate for this prerequisite.- There is no fast-travel, and going as fast as possible from one place to another not only misses one of the points of the game but may also be potentially harmful.- On the one occassion in which the game did happen to hit an objective fault (my autosave got corrupted somehow and I had to contact support), I lodged a ticket on Failbetter games' website and I was met with speedy and friendly instruction on how to fix the issue. I was able to restore the save, return everything to normal, and continue playing.- You will probably die. Quite a few times. It can be frustrating at first, especially on your first captain when you most likely don't know where to go or what to do, but eventually you'll be able to roll with the punches and get a steady lineage going, and death will be a mere inconvenience.- There is some amount of inventory juggling that takes place, especially on certain missions/storylines, but I've found that it doesn't take away from the experience much, especially once you familiarize yourself with each type of item and its importance/use.- Terror is very important, and the game does a great job of building up a haunting atmosphere that leaves a lasting impact upon the player.- Many events are based on skill-checks, being left up to RNG to determine the outcome of certain options, though many of them entail at least somewhat the possible outcomes of each action.Tl;drSunless Sea is a slow-paced, story-based, atmospheric experience set in the hostile underground cavern of the Neath, and what it lacks in action, it more than makes up for in enthralling stories and a riveting journey. If you're a fan of story-rich games, this is a must buy. If you prefer action-packed shooters, maybe give it a pass, unless you really want to try something new.If you're going to buy the game, the Zubmariner expansion pack has a lot to offer, so I'd wholeheartedly recommend it along with the base game itself."
76561198058933861,Recommended,304650,33333615,Posted: 6 July,all,Cabbage,"I like this game, but maybe that's because I like reading books. Sunless Sea isn't laid back enough to allow for too much relaxation, listening to podcasts or streams or whatever on the side, and it isn't constantly gripping either, but it has its moments. And there are enough moments for it to warrrant reccomendation, especially if you like details and writing and good storytelling in games. If not, go play DOOM or something and get the bloodlust out of your system."
76561198142111582,Recommended,304650,33389920,Posted: 8 July,all,grayson414,"This game has this perfect combination of relaxing by sailing in the open ocean, and then terrifying me; either with the choices that I am forced to make in a situation, or the terrifying creatures that I encounter in the water. This game is so much fun to play because it is pretty simple to get started, but gives a feeling of great depth as you explore. I also loved the way that they treated the idea of dying in the game and someone would carry on your legacy. Overall, I would say that this is a phenomenal game and would definitely buy it again."
,Recommended,304650,33487782,Posted: 12 July,all,Yeeshmere,"A wonderful, atomospheric game that gets you hooked into the world it creates. (Unless you are me and the game crashes and corrupts your save)"
,Recommended,304650,33414755,Posted: 9 July,all,Zain,"Really like this game. Plenty of lore, nice coherent art style, great writing (actually had to look up quite a few words)Challenging too, using the saving system might be a good idea if you get too frustrated.Port reports and the starting officers questline are your early source of money."
,Recommended,304650,20905199,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sylveste,WELL CATHERINE HAHAHA I'VE BEEN AT SEA FOR A DECADE CATHERINE WHO IS MAD CATHERINE WHAT ARE YOU SAYING CATHERINE I'M PERFECTLY WELL I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT ARE THESE TENTACLES YOU MENTION SO FERVENTLY WOMAN GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF
76561198078295087,Recommended,304650,33493270,Posted: 12 July,all,TheYellowHat,"Really good, but also really slow (because the ships are legit slow as damn~~~). Personally, I went online to research a bit on how to change the speed. And basically to increase the speed I increased the base variables of a game file. Kinda breaks the game, but also makes it a lot more fun in my opinion.Worth a play, even without throttling the speed."
76561198053790470,Recommended,304650,33501632,Posted: 13 July,all,Uliet,"I bought this on recommendation, but vowed to put it off until I had finished my dissertation. However, he kept telling me about it and after a mere few days my curiosity got the better of me and I cracked like a hull on a hidden reef. There is much of the supernatural in this game; much that is attributed to the whims of the gods. Playing it has certainly made me prescient, for Salt has given me the insight to see many hours glued to the screen, dissertation abandoned, sweetheart ignored.At first I was weary that there is no save function. I suspected it would make me overly cautious and unwilling to take risks. However, it seems to have the opposite effect. I have become more cavalier than I would otherwise be, knowing that I can choose a legacy to keep (some of) what is important to me and try it all over again with different results. It is a brilliant feature of the gameplay. Top that off with excellent randomized narrative always providing something new, keeping up the curiosity of ""what next?""Sunless Sea is, without doubt, the most genius game I have played in the last year. Possibly longer. There went my productivity. I think it's time to go back to a system of timers, accountability partners, and if all else fails, someone standing by to cut power to my computer."
76561198066176787,Recommended,304650,20982414,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Café Noir,"Fantastic game! I really love it, again and again...But first I had to spend some time to get familiar with the world and its dangers and then I really started enjoying it.My first Captain rapidly died, and I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, but hey, now I know, it was Mt. Nomad, who killed me; the second Captain lasted much longer (avoiding any battles, especially Mt. Nomad), now I am playing the sixth Captain and with help of the previous ones within the lineage I was already able to obtain all the legacy items, and I feel it was worth the effort and each Captain discovered more mysteries and dark secrets. But indeed, sometimes it was very frustrating, just got the Impeller and the Memento Mori and... died... died because I had forgotten, that I was heavily wounded... and went into the swamps... bad idea...Now, I am looking forward to win the game by the Carnelian Exile Quest ""the Name which burns"", horrifying challenging stuff :)Thanks, Failbetter Games, for such a great game! And hurry up with the DLC! And don't stop adding new stories, keep it alive!!!"
,Recommended,304650,33482189,Posted: 12 July,all,Red Regent,"Passable combat and ship mechanics (albeit inconsistent with inventory management though that can be handwaved away), superb writing and humor (nothing like making your crewman taste-test something only for her to throw herself into the furnace), interesting lore and mythos and expansion on the Fallen London universe (HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T), unbelievably brutal but rewards patience and dilligence with extremely gratifying storytelling (imagine a text-based Steampunk Dark Souls), gorgeous (if slightly lacking in detail) artstyle (enemy designs and lore is particularly fascinating). Overall a solid experience if you don't mind something mechanically simple and literarily complex. Great for what it is and what it does; very much interested to see what Sunless Skies has to offer in future."
,Not Recommended,304650,17805167,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,FlappyMcBitey,"I love this game. Or at least, I want to love it. But I can't recommend it due to the rubbish journal system. It's a big underworld, and lot's of weird stuff is going on. The game requires me keep my own records on it all, which is more like work than play. What information is recorded in the game journal is inconsistent, often vague, and scant."
76561197992955795,Recommended,304650,21012882,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,opedog,"I finished downloading Xcom 2 Thursday, and it unlocked a bit after I got off work... but I still haven't played it. I'm neck-deep in this game, Sunless Sea. It was described as a lot like FTL, and there's a lot to that comparison.Even better, it has less combat and more stories than FTL, which makes it better to me. The setting is a steampunk/magic Victorian London, but one that is deep underground, and flooded. You sail on The Underzea, finding new places and getting quests, trying not to run out of food or fuel.Steam says I've got 36 hours playing, and I think it may be 30 more before I get tired of it. It's on sale now (along with lots of other games, for Lunar New Year), and if you liked FTL, I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,304650,21048140,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,zombie8mylunch,"start my fourth captaindo really wellgo far northlose fuelsacrifice my crew, limp back to portbuy fuel, can't go full speed.limp back to london, lose fuel again.lose ship, get dingy.10/10 would fail again"
,Recommended,304650,20976301,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cosmoknaut,"A fun, well-written, witty, immersive RPG soaked in rich story-telling and served in a fascinating Lovecraftian hellscape that is every bit as beautiful as it is eerie. The game offers tons of replayability with various character backgrounds for each new Zee-captain you make as well as several overarching goals you can select for your Captain to focus on. It can be a bit of a drag at times (so can all games in this vein, really), and I imagine that, eventually, the playthroughs will start to become a bit same'y after a while. This is because the word of the Neath is so unforgiving and harsh that getting a foothold in it means you have to start off along more-or-less the same path until you've gotten a decent crew and vessel to start setting out more on your own. I love the rogue-like nature of the game, but the way its constructed forces the playthrough to feel a bit more linear at points than I'd like.Nonetheless, it's still only a little too linear. Make no mistake, the game is still very open ended and has a lot of variety, especially once you get your sea-legs (har dee har har). I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves good RPGs, good world-building, and good story-telling."
76561198273637618,Recommended,304650,20976812,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ievgen.tkach,"I recommend this game, though it has a lot of unused potential and could be much better."
76561198042316362,Recommended,304650,20982278,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,A Manatee,One of my all time favorite games.  The writing and atmosphere is absolutely top notch and the randomized sea keeps every playthrough fresh.
,Recommended,304650,20900574,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Сурт Игнир Магнис,"A game for those, who like dark steampunk-victorian universes. Hundreds of stories to find, difficult resource management, pretty graphics and fantastic climate make this game one of the best exploration-based RPG I have ever played. Of course, it is not FTL, but in my opinion Sunless Sea really deserves 9 out of 10 points in any ranking."
,Recommended,304650,20897801,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Trickster,"Went at see, lost all my fuel and supplies, sacrificed member of crew to some Abyss God, found myself next in unknown, creepy temple at the far end of the map, all members of crew left, died alone and mad.11/10"
76561198091651267,Recommended,304650,20976105,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Karlson,
,Recommended,304650,20997817,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[558]Moridin6,"AWESOME, but get out your pen and paper youre going to need to make a map, details about each place, quest clues etc..mostly slower paced lots of reading but great things to do and discover"
76561198031778088,Recommended,304650,20996891,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ilyich Opossum,"An excellent, but simple game. Very engrossing, very fun."
76561198189483795,Recommended,304650,21874821,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,jonlseal,"A really beautiful, creepy game. Hard to master and get far, but brilliantly written enough to bring me back over and over again."
,Recommended,304650,21928287,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,dmuma,"Absolutely wonderful fun, for easily 60+ hours. If you haven't played Fallen London, there is a bit of a lore dump with this game. Defintiely something you will enjoy by reading and getting to know the environment, but later the grind continues to be enjoyable as your zee captains take to the dark, vast ocean.Definitely a difficulty spike to begin your game, but dying is certainly something you should get used to."
,Recommended,304650,26209921,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GhostlyGhost,"This game is quite different from the trailer, but it is still a great experience. The world and lore is phenomenal, but extremely unforgiving. It takes a vast amount of time and restarts to be able to survive long enough to do anything. Stray monsters or ships will destroy you in the blink of an eye by sheer chance but its far more likely youll run out of necessities. The main focus of this game is to keep your ship afloat long enough to explore. you will have to manage money, fuel, and supplies in a world where they are difficult to aquire. you cant just grind for money, you mostly get it by completing the story so you have to take risky judgements and hope there isnt a dreadnought ship on your way to the next dock. 25 hours in and i was far from ending anything by the time i got tired. BE AWARE that the first 20 hours of that was merely figurig out the subtleties on the story so my next captains could survive and do it right, i kept a notebook of what each dock sells at what price. i strongly recommend recording info because you will definately be doing what you just did several more times hours later."
76561197999896642,Recommended,304650,24440014,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,St.Paddy,"I'm just going to start out by saying this, I bloody love this game.Sunless Sea is a beautiful roguelike set in the world of Fallen London (which is actually a free, browser based story game with not to dissimiliar mechanics to mafia wars on facebook but with incredible stories and tales to follow) where an entity merely known as the bazaar exchanged london with old queen Vic, circa 1861, in return for her husbands mortal soul. This results in london being dragged down to the Unterzee, a world where the rules are only known by those in power and those in power really like keeping it that way.Enough background, on to the game (i just think the backstory is one the most facinating and unique parts of the game).Gameplay wise you are in control of a vessel (which at later stages you can trade in for a better one) with which you must explore the Unterzee. The ship requires fuel for the engine and lamp (as without a sun the Unterzee is pitch black) and supplies for your crew. You also need to manage your crews terror as it can negatively effect several aspects and also result in your crew either commiting suicide, going mad and killing other crew members or worse yet killing you for being such a bad captain. Run out of fuel you can wait for rescue until your supplies run out but as the game so aptly says without fuel your ship is just a mishapen house on water. Run out of supplies and, well, cannabilism is always a better choice than starvation for most. If you do die (and trust me you will as you learn the ropes and do's and don't's) there is this really unique system where you can decide what you inherit form the previous captain picking from rival, correspondant, pupil, shipmate or salvager each offering you particular bonuses. You can also choose a past or choose not to have one and reveal it later (again each decision really ripples outward as you can simultaneously limit and expand what you can do just by devoting yourself on a particular path).There are many, many beautiful and unique places to visit but the ones really worth seeing are the ones beyond the local cluster of islands that surround london as these are technically protectorates of london and so they don't have much of the weird and whacky variety. In these places are equally cool story lines that just really grip the imagination with beautiful written passages and stories. As for the Zee itself, well, beautiful and terrifying really come to mind and so much fun to explore.To be honest there are so many amazing elements to this game that i could be here all week explaining it but I will say this; I bought this game approx. five days ago and its the only game I've been playing since.10/10 - would happily die again."
76561198103745007,Recommended,304650,24620516,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Mr_Pickles101,"It's like open world FTL, but it's more focused on the stories."
76561197973253186,Recommended,304650,24641616,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GrimmaceF13,"Great game. Up ther ewith FTL, for you really better better watch your life. There is a lot to manage too which makes the game more of a challange. It's not just health, but terror, fuel, nightmares, hull health, monsters, and food among other things. All need to be watched and dealt with, before they deal with you. Good stories and the ports you visit can change at any time. Controls are simple and the basics of the game are easy to learn. The only draw back can be the time needed to get around the map to gather items. You can get better engines, but you can't accellerate the time to move between ports. Sometimes it drags things out, Besides that, it's an alround good game."
76561198206432521,Recommended,304650,24405899,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,QamOrQpsk,"That is a very nice game. However, the artwork is sometimes really weird..."
76561197982999934,Recommended,304650,24418884,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Caius Wickersham,Played for two hours.  Was really getting into exploring the game world when I died to a giant angler crab.  10/10.  Will continue to explore and play.
,Recommended,304650,30836104,Posted: 30 March,all,http-r0x,"Really interesting artwork and lore! With all the different officers you can get and their respective stories, plus all the stuff going on in other ports - there was a lot written for this game!After a couple captains, especially when you chose the coorespondant legacy and get to keep your map, it can get a little dull, but it keeps it interesting enough that I keep coming back. A good game to play while listening to podcasts or shows or smthin. It's got my approval."
,Recommended,304650,18663975,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mansheep™,"I absolutely love this game and here's why:-The first few tries at the game you have no idea what is going on. You will sail around aimlessly, embark on adventures that seem like a good idea at first but end up bad in a variety of ways. Running out of fuel, running out of supplies, running out of crew members and in turn becoming so slow that pretty much everything is twice as fast as you. Some times the game will come up with an event to ""save"" you from these terrible outcomes like, I once ran out of fuel. Luckely there was good guy (god) stone. He would help me; and he did. He teleported me to the other side of the map, which allowed me to see something new before finally succimbing to the lack of fuel anyhow.-After a while you will get a hang of the game and start making progress. Don't plan your party just yet because I can promise you that something is about to go wrong at the time everything seems to be working out. It could be anything. And that's what keeps it interesting.-Making runs to the surface to make a decent amount of money. Sell coffee to those funky italians who seem to love coffee grown in a gigantic underground cavern. SInce when do plants need sunlight, get your facts straight.after a few hours of coffee runs you set out on an adventure to distant shores and you die. You get to do it all over again, hurray!"
76561198008372754,Recommended,304650,24568115,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bleakwind,"I've spent a bit over 60 hours on this game, the atmosphere and unfolding stories are great.  The soundtrack is phenomenal for building tension.  As much as I enjoy the thematic elements, the pacing of the game simply unfolds far too slowly for my liking."
,Recommended,304650,24566318,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sans Seraph,"With the Lovecraftian topics and mysterious and unnerving atmosphere, it's easy to get lost in the story.While not deserving of a perfect score due to some minor bugs, I would otherwise call it a masterpiece.9/10"
76561198032262302,Recommended,304650,24614758,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,dafran,"At first I fell in love with the game. The setting, the atmosphere, writing... all is great. But after exploring the whole map (which can be done fairly soon if you avoid combat) I found hardly anything more to keep me interested. Nevertheless I still think this game is good and worth the price."
76561198057966541,Recommended,304650,19992111,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hey Gravy!,"TL;DR Dreadful in a good way, fantastic world building. Nearly killed with grind and repetition.I made a mistake.  I clicked on an ad. The ad in the Steam sidebar said ""Lose your mind, eat your crew."" So, I clicked.They wanted to tell me a story, and I wanted to drive a tugboat.There is no ""story"", but an immense atmosphere. Nowhere else will I feel like a possibly-undead Victorian subterranean steamboat captain, on nodding acquaintance with devils.(You need to build stats to win, Its SLOW. You will see the same story over and over again. After fifteen tries you may succeed on a story challenge from 35 hours and ten characters ago just to gain an item you can’t use and have no room for.)So I start from Fallen London, with a flimsy vessel and HULL, FOOD, FUEL, SANITY ticking down as I fill out a procedural map of stopping points where I get ""story"" and ""storylets"" that I can't complete until I return to London, or cross to the other side of the map, roughly ten minutes.Success in any challenge is based on stats which return to next to nothing on each playthrough.Unless I’m super lucky, I’ll never be able to break the early game stat barrier.Progression is painful, death is expected. The point is to keep dying and losing everything until you slowly gain enough to fail less.I think the developers used everything from Echo Bazaar/Fallen London to make Sunless Sea; and could not separate from the “keep clicking and wait” model of browser games."
76561198043830277,Recommended,304650,24445480,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,100% Pure Salt,"Being a really big fan of Fallen London I absolutely loved this game! The gameplay is slow and confusing at first, but you quickly learn your own way of proceeding forward and earning echos. Sunless Sea offers rich and indepth stories which may be for yourself such as helping guinea pigs fight rats or finding your father's remains. There are also stories for your officers which can be extremely dark, many of which seek an end. The game is dark (no pun intended) but it is really creative. The only warning for playing this game is what I said before it is a really slow game. *I would definitely download the Fallen London app or visit the site. It's amazing and depending on which mission you finish you can fish out an award in the Sunless Sea!"
76561198036341056,Recommended,304650,24505855,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mr. Mouth & the Taste Buds,"I lost 3 good friends in a fire at Hunter's Keep, witnessing the death of one of them.A nation of rats that I helped build was thrown into chaos after I incited a revolution for freedom. They all died in the end.And a Deviless laughed when I gave her my hand in marriage.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is an emotional rollercoaster, 10/10"
76561198196521454,Recommended,304650,24514397,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,wanderwoman222,"This game is very challenging at the beginning, but then it gets easier and more fun after you figure it out and start to get immersed in the storylines. There's lots of quests, and it definitely was challenging and fun.  A good game!"
,Recommended,304650,24446674,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,spookyseut,AESTHETIC
76561197968128917,Recommended,304650,24001816,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DrexelDooley,"Dark, but fun. For those out there that don't need friends, they just need to pass time and enjoy a good read."
76561198055722498,Recommended,304650,24002302,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fluffy Gray Fox,"A very story driven game that has good role-play elements to it. Right from the start you're emerged into old London and the terror that befell it. As a Captain of your own ship, it's up to you to decide the fate of your crew and yourself. Smuggle goods, or play it stright? Fight off sea monsters and salvage there corpes or turn tail and run? What nightmares away you in the darkness? Risk everything to exlpore the dark, or try to stay safe in lit waters? This game runs deep with story, and every moment could be your last. The sea may not be for man, but the real question is will you survive the darkness?"
,Recommended,304650,23928516,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kreiger,"Fantastic atmosphere and even more fantastic writing.This is a game where you want to avoid combat or you will die quickly.Negative reviews that criticize the combat system have completely missed the point.Beginner tips:Make sure to save enough money (called ""Echoes"") to refill fuel and supply when you're back in Fallen London.Stay close to lights and shores to avoid the terror that lurks in the dark."
,Recommended,304650,24083100,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GMSZ.Far,"RECOMMENDED ++No doubt, rich story-line on zea will take you into UNFORGIVING zeafaring experience. Tried this game in trial last feb. Then recently bought this zailing game (Sunless SALE with 50% disc). Anyway everyone that tried sunless sea on trial interval last time could play and get updates (story). U should check it dev :)"
76561198117842913,Recommended,304650,13796744,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Stifflrsmom,I think this game looks amazing! the colors and lighting give it a steam punk feel as well as a chilling sensatin up your spine. The only thing I have a problem with is finding where some of the quests are on the map as well as keeping my crews sanity. The money is not balanced in this game and i feel as if you can only go so far before you lose your whole crew because there is no easy way to bring their fear down. I would recommend this game to anyone but I hope that the beta will bring about alot of change
,Recommended,304650,13772398,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CFFG.Shinigami,"its a pretty fun game once you get into it, the things you can find and the events that can happen are interesting... but the difficulty scaleing is a bit broken at the moment, after exploreing and uncovering a large portion of the first quarter of the unterzee hostiles and avarage ships started spawning en mass and pirate ships would attack every two seconds, there are also a couple of tasks given to you that arent specified in the journal namely the unstamped soul smuggleing. other then that this game is compelling and interesting and deffinetly worth the buy(NOTE: just going back to the main menu and loading seems to fix the super high spawn rate thing)"
,Recommended,304650,14150177,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,[LST] Blacksheep,Well written and highly diverting live action take on the Fallen London universe. Definitely worth your time and money!
76561198045007524,Recommended,304650,14230317,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Chooch,"A fantastically beautiful game with many intriging and emersive stories to explore and awesome music. High replay value as there are many stories and many choices, there are new stories and events to uncover everytime you play especially if you establish a legacy of captains."
,Recommended,304650,14231109,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Shode,"Hours into a run you'll feel invincible, until you run out of supplies. You'll feel contempt for the common pirate and his puny ship, until there's 4 of his friends behind him. You'll feel scared beyond words as you roll the dice on a choice to see if you live or die. Behind all these emotions is a deep and involving game that will take hours of your life away and you'll keep coming back for more. A world that changes and stories that just keep growing, I love this game and I love the FallenLondon universe."
,Recommended,304650,14234073,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tragic Hero,"Sunless Sea adds a new twist to the rogue-like genre by captaining a vessel in the underground sea of london.  Still not sure how London ended up underground but it makes for a very eerie and interesting backdrop.  With a basic crew and a sub standard ship, you set out to shape your own adventure.  You can trade goods, explore exotic locales, and battle pirates and variations of horrifying sea creatures.   But don't stay out at sea too long for the darkness of the sea will raise terror in your crew, causing them to go mad.Having to manage your fuel, rations, and terror level provides for an interesting dynamic when exploring the sea.  For example, wanting to explore that one last island to make more money or get more info but risking running out of resources on the trip back is part of the fun.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a fresh new take on the many ""rogue-likes"" out there."
76561198255586892,Recommended,304650,24411185,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,StarkDaddy,"This is a fantastic game with an awesome atmosphere. It's difficult, and you'll die quite a few times while still coming back for more. I recommend it for the price."
76561198013255852,Recommended,304650,30825793,Posted: 29 March,all,Thetallentedmrripley,This game is so engrosing and damn hard but worth the trouble. Wish it was longer but that said it is randomly generated so it has infinte replayability.
,Recommended,304650,25703586,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,RightclickEmperor,"I really enjoy this game. The only thing I would say is bad about it is that it is built around multiple playthroughts through your ""heirs"" as you achieve campaign goals and grind of stats to beat missions you can't beat with low stats. However, from ""campaign to campaign"" there's really no change in the quests or stories, and only small changes in the location of individual islands.The game does also not do a good job of explaining that many resources are actually quite limited and not at all adviseablee to sell, as you need them to complete quests.I would reccommend you just read a guide to get yourself set up with some money and save yourself some wandering in the dark. They've patched out the best money routes (mirrorcatch boxes), but its still not that difficult to make a proffit per voyage.All in all the music is great, the story is intriguing, and you really can't beat the atmosphere."
,Recommended,304650,25703590,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tippers,"Probably in the Top 5 games I've ever played. My hours in it aren't the highest in any game by any means, and I bet you could get at least 10 times the amount that I put into the game and still find it fun, but I just got hooked on other games. The story is awesome and so is the art and music. Never will there be a game that surpasses Sunless Sea as a great story driven game"
76561198013658336,Recommended,304650,17935394,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hfar,Sunless Sea is the type of game you'd get if Robert Lewis Stevenson and H.P. Lovecraft collaborated on a video game.
,Recommended,304650,27186360,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,фцхои,"dark version Uncharted Waters,need chinese."
76561198080161656,Recommended,304650,27189058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saltisfaction,"Deal with Monkeys, Drown in Darkness, Lose Your Head. Ascend. Go North. Kill A Mountain (If only for a while). Fight A Child. Found A Colony. Betray the World"
,Recommended,304650,27149190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Salaud,"Honestly, all the boat-sailing gets a bit boring, but it's a very engaging interactive story that is definitely worth the money. The style is enchanting, the writing is engaging, the gameplay...okay, not very entertaining.Still, if you don't mind how dull it can be to row, row, row your boat in the late game, it's a neat game I'd consider worth a purchase."
76561197992816747,Recommended,304650,27184938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,keeper,"This game is one that brings me back playing every so often. The world feels like a very well written novel, only that you nearly never reach the end of the book, cause you died too early :)"
76561198002450835,Recommended,304650,17126287,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"This is a fun game that plays like a slightly more freeform FTL, which is all that one can ask for.Everyone praises the writing, but I find it a little long winded and lacking context, having not played Fallen London. It does make me want to explore that game so that I can learn more about this interesting world. (Edit: Having played Fallen London now and adding more context, this is one of my favorite game worlds out there. It takes a while to piece it all together, though.)Resource and crew management is straight forward and enjoyable. Ship upgrades are tricky to afford early on as you are getting your feet under you. Some missions and ways to make money get repetitive, but the fact that they are needed to keep you fed and fueled add to the intensity. Lots of neat choices and variety in approaches to challenges."
76561198030820517,Recommended,304650,27033679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,seona13,"On the surface, this seems a pretty simple game, but it has so much more complexity than is apparent at first glance. And, of course, the wonderfully evocative writing that made Fallen London such a delight. Of course, you'll die a lot. The Neath is like that. But surely you have a young relative who'll be willing to take up your mantle and a portion of your estate?"
76561197992770784,Recommended,304650,27109182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blve Bird,"One of the most haunting experiences out there. Brings the world of Fallen London in all its delicious grimness and weirdness. The literature in this game is amazing.Literally, the only CON I can think of is combat. Even though I tend to dislike real time combat (and so I prefered the old system), I think it might not be the most inspired mechanic in the game. But that's just a tiny speck in the dark and terrible Unterzee.9/10 *insert would ----- again joke*"
,Recommended,304650,27096385,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lain,"-:This is just a review for the steam awards badge:-Hurray, thanks to some fortunate previous events you are now the captain of your own ship!But you are no lame surface Captain; You are a Zee Captain!And your journey starts right here in Fallen London.This is the road to fullfilling all of your ambitions and dreams!Nothing can stop you now!As you slowly drift across the dark Unterzee,You supplies and fuel carefully counted before the trip,Doing your best to keep your crew's (and your own) sanity at (atleast for the Unterzee) normal levels,All while hoping that the profit you make with your goods and quests is enouth to restock at the newest harbour.If that port even has a market...If that port even has humans (or one of the many other [friendly] lifeforms)...If that giant mountain of a monster dosen't spot you first..If Salt, Stone and Storm permit it.........If you just had a single piece of fuel left...If you just had a single crate of supplies left...If your terror was just a little bit lower...If you had just not betrayed that smuggler...If you had just not angered the Gods of the Zee...If you had just not traveled North, South or East...If you had just stayed in Fallen London...Hurray, thanks to some fortunate previous events you are now the captain of your own ship!But you are no lame surface Captain; You are a Zee Captain!And your journey starts right here in Fallen London.This is the road to fullfilling all of your ambitions and dreams!Nothi--....."
76561198073539951,Recommended,304650,27108446,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eddgar a Hitler Cat,Good Game.Make me scare by just reading the text.Lose a lote of time play this game.
,Recommended,304650,27003756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nujumkey,"Slow moving management game, with a world steeped in interesting lore. The actual combat is minimal, the game focuses on places and how you interact with them.It can get a bit repetitive if you play enough, but there is a lot to explore, and one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,304650,27017442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lup-Tacco,"Right off the bat let it be known I am a MASSIVE fan girl of this game, 10/10 honestly, so I'll just be mentioning all the things I love about it and blindly ignore the flaws (ignorance is bliss).StoryPerfect for your cult-like reader of Lovecraftian tales; eerie and confusing but enticing. If you can deal with incredibly cryptic hints and long blocks of texts then you'll enjoy this. At times wacky but it stills makes sense in the universe, never quite knee-slappingly hilarious but pretty amusing. At first you might be annoyed like a city slicker visiting a small fishing village but soon enough you'll be speaking like one of your fellow zailors and getting immersed into the lore of the zea.GameplayThink like a survival/hardcore FTL on an ocean, except way harder. You will NOT win this game on the first playthrough without incredible knowledge of every single island and quest (and insane luck); even on the 8th playthrough you'll be dying in the middle of the ocean having no clue what went wrong but having to start a new life anyway.GraphicsIncredibly simple, nothing breathtaking. That being said if you can get immersed enough you will go slack-jawed at the sight of the ice castles of the north, fear of the creatures of the deep, and pure joy at the lights of Fallen London."
,Recommended,304650,16900460,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Zyrodil,♥♥♥♥ ME IN THE♥♥♥♥
76561198006487284,Not Recommended,304650,16871090,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mullownium,"Best thing this game has going for it is atmosphere, which I did not really get into. Perhaps I did not get far enough into the game to really judge, but after a few hours, I did not find the gameplay interesting or enjoyable."
76561198204360033,Recommended,304650,16873477,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,sharath.kowligi,Absolutely Stunning game!
76561198117233259,Recommended,304650,16879251,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Entek,Intresting and enjoyable game set in the underzee.
,Recommended,304650,16933112,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,repdetect0,"I was curious about this game for a long time, but I wasnt totally sure I would get it. I WANTED to buy it, but I couldnt quite make out how the game really was by the screenshots. Well, I am EXTREMELY glad I bought this game. I'm very addicted to it, and it is a very unique experience. Great writing and a highly imaginative world, set in the mechanics of a simple sea merchant sim. It's like 10% arcady action 40% merchant sim and 50% story. Such a wonderfull game and even worth the full price."
,Recommended,304650,16944010,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,AsianCatFarm,"Slow game to start, also would not recommend if you hate reading.90% of the fun is from reading the story."
76561197966204710,Not Recommended,304650,16456795,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Raskol,"This game is dull, dull, dull.  The writing is okay, but there isn't enough of it to make the endless uneventful sailing from place to place worthwhile, especially since you will see pretty much the same things every time you go back to a place, which you will be forced to do many times in order to not run out of fuel and supplies and die stranded.Every time you die, you will start all over again.  And then you will be forced to make the same trips to the same places to gather the same supplies to survive, over and over again.DULL, DULL, DULL."
76561198031396215,Recommended,304650,16457106,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"Very text driven game, more than the trailers would lead you to believe. Very entrenched in the ""Fallen London"" game if you are familiar with it. Luckily, I have the patience for it, though I'm sure many do not.Has a great feel to it if you really let yourself get immersed. You feel the terror while at sea and the uneasy peace back at port. The game isn't about the action; it's fully on experiencing a story unique to you."
,Recommended,304650,16757435,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,savaze,"This is an interesting game. It veers away from modern tropes by being very text heavy. It plays almost like a chose-your-own-adventure game with some visual aspects, where you can explore and engage in combat. It's a very compelling game set in an underground Victorian England with some steam-punk'ish elements. I like Sunless Sea, but it is definitely not a game for everyone. If you enjoy engaging in the world lore and going along for the ride then you might like this title."
,Recommended,304650,16766255,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,JCDenton,"The best thing about this game are the stories. The game play can be a little tedious but the setting and the stories in that setting make up for it. The world of Fallen London (and the Sunless Sea) is one of the most original places I've seen in a long time. A strange mix of humor, lovecraftian horro, steampunk, and rogue like exploration."
76561197968884436,Recommended,304650,16847346,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Silentshot,very well told story. i do enjoy the steampunk/top down model thye have chosen to use.
76561197981867244,Recommended,304650,23732938,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"For people who love stories, reading, and writing. Weird, Lovecraftian stuff; an enormous ammount of cool ideas going on here. One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,304650,23734458,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Premier Bromanov,"There are few games out there with as much to explore in story as Sunless Sea. If you're interested in worldbuilding in story, this is your game. The game tells you mostly nothing, save how to play it, which is pretty simple. The real draw here is exploring the various islands throughout the sunless sea.The game is littered with hints here and there of what this world might be. You'll quickly figure out from context clues that you're actually underground and that there is an above world sea. You're comepelled to figure out more about this world because it is legitimately interesting. The world is populated by various races of sentient and non-sentient creatures, as well as different cultures of humans: from intelligent apes to the decaying mummified elders. And while many might make the lovecraftian parallels, and indeed it is part of the game's tags on steam, the parallels run deeper than ""tentacled monsters exist"". The atmosphere is dreary, almost nihilistic. It paints a picture of a picture of an uncaring universe marred by insanity and violence. If you've read Lovecraft or Poe, you'll be right at home reading through the various text within Sunless sea. This isn't the pop-culture Lovecraft you might know, this is the actual Lovecraft.Fair warningThis game is one part reading one part resource management. If you aren't interested in reading, this isn't your game.The gameplay itself will challenge you to make wise decisions every step of the way. As with life, you'll get no rewards without risking something. Sometimes it's a chance motigated by your attributes, other times it's a decision like ""Should I try and visit this island with this much fuel in my tanks?"". After some time, you get into the groove of visiting islands to get the local news and then returning to London to cash in. This is your real bread and butter and there's some semblance of a main quest you're trying to accomplish. Each time you die, you play as an heir with potentially new goals. Along the way, you'll also have a miraid of side quests to accomplish, though no quest can really truly be done alone; you must be efficient with your fuel and supplies and this usually means plotting a course to hit as many islands as possible.If you want to sit back and relax and enjoy a story, this is your game."
76561197970264516,Recommended,304650,30802936,Posted: 28 March,all,Solaire,"Holy hell, this game is an unforgiving mass of brutal fun.  Without burying you in details, I will say, if you are a casual gamer who wants to play this game on its easy mode, where you can save any time you like and reload the saves if you mess up, I am sure there is something rewarding to be found for you.  However, I feel so much is lost of the meat of this game if the risk of permadeath is taken off the table.  Your decisions no longer feel like they carry any weight.  You care nothing for blind exploration, because death is no longer around *every* corner.   I would highly recommend playing this game on its default diffculty, by *not* manually saving.  In my opinion, you will ruin the experience for yourself.My only minor complaint with this game has been stated many other times (and is apparently going to be included in their next game), is that the text that you get throughout the game does *not* appear on your screen as it shows in the trailer.  That was actually a huge selling point for me, and many others, because the immersion it offered seemed incredible.  Instead you are updated with text in the bottom left of your screen in your little journal page, that also pops up with regular updates of other boring information.  This really detracted from the overall experience for me.That being said, phenomenal game, and I look forward to Sunless Skies."
76561198020992258,Recommended,304650,19410514,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,JankeeP,.
,Recommended,304650,22368012,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Regular Plumbus,"Absolutely amazing game, a must-buy for those who love good writing, dark fantasy, and unexplained mysteries.It can certainly feel a bit overwhelming at first, but after losing a few captains and exploring some of the map, you quickly pick up on the Do's and Don'ts.The biggest Do: Explore everything. And as some other reviewers have mentioned, take chances. Seriously, you will progress faster and earn better items if you take risks. Plus, it's just a video game, don't you want to see what happens if you:-Side with talking rats?-Trade with soul-stealing monkeys?-Wander a dark shore filled with sentient spiders?-Pledge your allegiance to a bloodthirsty demigod?-Make friends with a Squid-person and help him find contentment?The atmosphere of this game is the best Lovecraftian experience I have had in video games.10/10 would accidentally eat human meat again."
,Recommended,304650,22379591,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Cyrius02 | Hellcase.com,"Everyone should play this game. The only case of this game being innapropriate is if your kid is scared to read pat the bunny, in which case, i wouldnt recommend it. It would give him/her nightmares. If, in the unlikley case you arent terrified of pat the bunny, then play this. Its worth it at full price."
,Recommended,304650,22354412,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,darishante,"""Right at the northernmost point of the world, my first officer finally found what he had been seeking, but it was a horror beyond imagining. As we sailed out from between statues the size of the Imperial Palace, right into a horrible blizzard trying to tear our ship to shreds, I realised that we might not have enough fuel or supplies to last us until the next friendly port. My crew was on the edge of mutiny. With the storm roaring outside, the officer confessed his crimes to me, and I came up with a gruesome way to absolve the man of his sins...""Boundless imagination and incredible worldbuilding combine in a brilliant RPG adventure. The interface can be a bit fiddly, getting things done is occasionally a bit of a grind, but in allowing you to carve out your own destiny in a steampunk fantasy world, Sunless Sea delivers like nothing else."
76561198046710955,Recommended,304650,22492015,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Veragion,"THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN... It burns so good...Einstein once said that ""Doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result"" was the true definition of insanity. This has never been more true as Sunless Sea will have you going over the same places dozens of times so you can make enough to die happy and begin again. And you will love it. Just remember to bring sunscreen, the light at the end of the darkness burns so bright... So bright..."
76561198164895115,Recommended,304650,22554776,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,CommanderSheriff,10\10 dying simulater
76561198298764844,Recommended,304650,22553814,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Monstermaster42,"an exploring game with a bit of a learning curve and little to no hand holding, interesting story and setting, fun game but not for everyone, recommended but do research so you kno what it is before you buy it"
76561198047085001,Recommended,304650,22423658,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SolomonPierce,"Excellent game.  Long play time and deep lore.  Made me want to read some Lovecraft.  That being said, the length may be off-putting.  I played most of my 14 current hours on my second captain (screwed up the first), but still have a LOT to discover.  Problem is, you have to keep a memo by hand or in a word doc so you know where everything is and what exactly you need to bring, where to find it, etc.  There is a lot of info you'll need to remember to complete quests and the game doesn't exactly give you a way to track them.  This is my only real gripe.  Definitely worth a buy though.  Amazing atmosphere that makes you want to keep coming back."
,Recommended,304650,22617647,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ImmortalKing332,I really Love this game It is dripping with LoveCraft and is dark punishing and unforgiveing. I have never felt so much enjoyment running boxes full of sunlight before. This game is not flawless and can be time consuming and vary unrewarding at times. It also play's vary much like a story based game in the fact that eventually you run out of new things but I still find myslef playing this game and still enjoy the tense feeling of slipping into london with just enough money in the brig to resupply and go out to Zee.
76561197963825964,Recommended,304650,22724016,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ThereCanBeOnlyTom,Best writing in a game i have experienced in a long time.
76561198143087489,Recommended,304650,14571119,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cynic,"I liked it, but it's clearly not for everybodyThe game seems to exchange long periods of nothingWith short periods of exictement.There are many things to do, but it's really only good for one playthroughYou sail an itsy bitsy ship across the Ocean and you're supposed to find fame glory and money. But mostly money. And after the first playthrough, you'll have developed a strategy to collecting money, and you dont go blimdly wandering into the Ocean. Which is where the game excels, blindly wandering into the Ocean.The real question, is one playthrough worth the pricetag?"
,Recommended,304650,22655258,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TheSwankyNinja,"The world is rich enough to keep you going, in spite of your lineage of embarassing  deaths."
,Recommended,304650,22619849,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Phiolos,"Beautifully atmospheric and creepy.  Quite difficult, but with a system that gives you a head start after every death.  And you will die.  Many times."
,Recommended,304650,22528908,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ulterior The Panzie,"Eat your crew for food! Burn your supplies for fuel! Drown in the middle of the zee because salt hates you!Get it. Love it. Go insane because said love is too powerful for your tiny brain to comprehend.In all seriousness though, the game is very fun. Though a bit challenging to get used to.If you like a dark, steampunk(ish) fantasy world set in the Victorian time period then this game is definitely for you. Though simple in design, the writing alone will enthrall you so deeply you'll wish to never leave your house again."
76561198087506802,Recommended,304650,22853172,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,crazyceo,murdered a mountain 10/10
76561197985235227,Recommended,304650,22906897,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tiger Millionaire,The storytelling and worldbuilding in this game is amazing. I logged over 30 hours into it and have found myself wishing to do a clean playthrough. I can't wait for the expansion so I can dive back in (pun intented).
,Recommended,304650,24230261,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SpokenSoftly,"Highly enjoyable, deeply unnerving."
,Recommended,304650,24137163,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Velho Barreiro,"Real gametime not displayed, as I played on a friends account (before summer sale).This game has a place, forever in my imagination. Set Zail for the Sunless Sea, Zailors!My PROs:-Unique ""Story"", the mythology of the game, the ideas, the beliefs, the ""Fantastic Realism"" idea. Wow, so much.-PseudoRNG, as the RPG touch lets you increase your chances with events. But not the map. It's an exploration game!-You'll NEVER know everything about the game, you'll always think ""maybe If I did/didn't do that, it would've happened differently"". Specially when it comes to the ladies and companions and pets and quests and gods.-Huge immersion potential, you can spend an entire day listening to the soundtrack and getting chills on your spine.-You will build a legacy. Oh yeah.My CONs:-Simple battle. But screw it, we're here for crazy creepy stories.-Feel lost 90% of the time. But that's the idea, explore at will.-You will Die. Often. A lot. In the begining.Conclusion:Definetly a game for gamers that miss the old ""Try more, try harder!"" atmosphere of the old games. Thanks for the great atmosphere Zailors!"
,Recommended,304650,24186407,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ess4654,"An absolute masterpiece in every way. This is the best indie game I have ever played. The story line is well crafted and the music is extremely suiting for the setting of the game. It is challenging and addicting; every time I die I can't wait to play again to progress even farther into the sea. The amount of intricacy and all the little pieces that have to be kept track of make it a rather challenging game too. Giving the player every choice they make results in endless possible ways to play the game, and knowing how to manage resources to the ""very last drop"" is a key in being successful at the game. The amount of things that could possibly go wrong is extremely high, and some of the decisions made determine whether you will die the next time you set out for sea, or if you can keep the game going for another hour. 10/10 I want to uncover the entire map and will be addicted until I do so."
,Recommended,304650,24317644,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,PlattFish,"This game deserves some recognition. It's not for everyone, but the writing and atmosphere is beyond compare. If you're looking for a stellar rougelike, this might be for you."
76561198052199940,Recommended,304650,24363131,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,platoscum,"WHAT IT IS :Sunless Sea is a unique game that mashes up Ship Management, Exploration, Combat and a Text-based story of Trade, Adventure and Mystery.  The experience of this game can't quite be described until you play it.  It's set in an alternate earth of steampunk with an underground sea which is the setting.  You will be the captain of a vessel based in your homeport of New London.  This game is quite difficult and note-taking is probably required to finish it, or at the least, spoilers/playthroughs for the less hardcore gamers.  But the difficulty of the game was a feature, not a bug, in my eyes as achieving something in this game is rewarding due to the lack of handholding.HOW IT PLAYS:Controlling the ship is a simple affair of forward, reverse, and steering.  In combat, you wait for your gun to charge, then fire at pirates and sea monsters .  Your ship has a hold and you steer from port to port.  When at a port,  the game changes to a story mode where you are given all relevant choices you have at that port.  For instance, you might be allowed to explore the beach for a random encounter or go to the tavern to talk to the locals.  This is all text-based with infrequent but atmospheric still-pictures.  The adventures resolve for better or for worse depending upon your resources, items and skills.  Yeah, did I mention the role-playing aspects, too?  Your character will have a life goal, such as finding the remains of his father.  You can find a lover, have a baby and inspire the lad to go to zee as your heir after you get your current character killed.  The zee is a harsh mistress.  Though, don't be fooled into thinking this plays like Fairytale 2 or some mariner version of the SIMs;  Everything is relayed through writing, and artful icons.  There are even icons for abstract pieces of information, such as ""secrets"".SUMMARY :This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly difficult.  But it's the rewarding kind of difficult,  a game which seduces you with a unique experience and replayability.  Wholeheartedly recommended to serious fans of rpg's, steampunk, and hardcore resource management types."
76561198028976115,Recommended,304650,24381106,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vand,"Love this choose your own adventure, horror exploration/adventure game.  The writing is exquiestly done, lots of replability, ship moves slower then what I would like, but at times when your low on fuel, food, and hope the game really shines.  already thirty hours into it, and can't wait to find out what happens next."
76561198084930671,Recommended,304650,24325124,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,That motherfucker,"it has good story elements, amazing design, and most importantly of all...         you are going to die because you saw something shiny and wanted it."
76561198051439721,Recommended,304650,24143648,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jere,"*initial review*I bought the game because I heard it had good writing and it does, but there's not very much of it. Most of the game revolves around returning to destinations you've already discovered and reading text there that you have already seen.*updated review follows:So I modded the game to bypass some of the time sink content locks and, playing the game that way I love it. The writing is great, the art is fantastic, and the music makes me fear the Zee. Anyways im changing my review from no to yes."
76561198045503501,Recommended,304650,30822590,Posted: 29 March,all,daretocontemplate,"Amazing game. Deep and immersive narratives, a dark sense of humor and free-roam, multiple ending/choice and survival mechanics. Seemingly endless amounts of content. Want exploration, choices that matter, deep narratives with countless hours of gameplay in a game that is both text based and very interactive? Then get it."
76561198074544887,Recommended,304650,24193493,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BeastlySquid,"An awesome game with a good enviornment, and worth the buy. if you don't like reading in games then this game is not for you.  overall great story but tbh some very minor parts of the game seem unfinished like certain character portraits. Play spoiler free if possible."
,Not Recommended,304650,20893554,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,"Probably a well made game, but it wasnt what i thought it would be. Its way more roguelike than you expect and if that suits you then good. Otherwise its pretty meh."
76561198037887777,Recommended,304650,27007897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jerrysumara,"It can be really boring at times, however, you will find yourself sucked into the game fast enough to not really care about that"
76561198072285355,Recommended,304650,27025811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Friend Computer,"Sunless Sea is simultaneously, one of the most frustrating and fascinatingly engaging games I've ever played.  While ultimately, I do recommend it, I can't guarantee it's the right game for you.I love the characters, the story, the world, the quests and the game's expansive backstory and lore.  The mysteries and secrets of the game are presented very well, being expertly hinted at, slowly revealed and mostly ending with interesting and creative conclusions.  The mix of melancholy, bizzare, funny and horrific themes come together to form a satisfying and entirely unique whole.  This only feels marred by key lore points not being in Sunless Sea itself, only being found in ""Fallen London,"" it's obnoxiously freemium predecessor.The music is evocative and ties in wonderfully with Sunless Sea's locations and themes.  I only wish the Zubmariner expansion had added more tracks, instead of just putting an underwater-sounding effect over the exsisting music.  If you find yourself hooked by the game, you'll wish tracks were longer or more numerous as you find yourself hearing key tracks repeatedly.  Ambient sound is adequate, but could be much better with a little work.  Improved ambient sailing and cave noises would aid greatly in increasing player immersion.The game world is lovingly presented in 2D.  The overworld is fantastic.  City and island images are evocative and imaginative.  Character portraits are... servicably OK.  Enemy and ship variety and design are a little lacking.Gameplay is punishing.  I understand thematically why it has been designed to be, but that doesn't stop it from feeling annoying.  Your ship starts slow, and if you want to go faster, you're punished with a less favorable fuel consumption rate.  Want to upgrade to a bigger ship with more cargo space or more hull points?  Well, you're traveling slower then.  Trading initially is very frustrating due to the razor thin margins you'll be making.  Again, I understand why it's been designed this way, in this case, to push the player towards exploring and completing quests, but I just can't help but feel like the developers only want players to enjoy the game their way, ""the right way.""  Sunless Sea has a steep learning curve, not so much from any difficulty, but simply the player comming to terms with it's own philosophies and way of thinking.As a last note, Failbetter games commit a sin with Sunless Sea that I, personally, find inexcusable; Kickstarter supporters having access to significant, exclusive content.  Sunless Sea has been out for a long time now.  Offer this content as reasonably priced DLC.  We want to support you, Failbetter.  Don't punish newer players for not having been aware of a crowd-funding campaign."
76561198047561759,Recommended,304650,26786143,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SindanShadowblade,"This is a ""0k, just one more port"" game. Its highly addictive and the game has an amazing atmosphere. You find yourself wanting to know more about the world."
,Recommended,304650,26899357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PatrickAkuma,"I cannot tell if the new DLC is incredibly good, or if the game itself is incredibly good and I just needed the DLC to give me more reasons to play."
,Recommended,304650,26865332,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,randallteal,"+ Awesome, creepy writing+ Tons of scenarios that unfold as you play+ Great synergy of writing, sound design and visual effects that make an oppressive atmosphere- The endgame is a lot of grinding samey routes to finish storylines- The generational stuff is not well integrated since you have to do so much of the same content again on second character"
,Recommended,304650,26861981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WouldYouKindly?,"Oh the feeling,the mood,the stories...Why buy a book...When you can explore the Zee...That is if yar survive...The Zee calls you,roaring and always watching!!Make sure to have a ""Something Awaits You"" after you finish...Or get ""finished""ConsA: Voice Acting would had added 1000x more Mood(or reduce Fear)B: Every time that you react in the Zee it would be good to have a Mini Sort Picture-Video that adds to the storyC: Too easy to die...If i had internet when i played it i would had abbandoned it from frustration...My playtime is more than 50 hours in actual gameplayConclusionIf you like Victorian Kthulu games with deep,well thought and written,story then you just found heaven...8.6/10 Media9.1/10 MeP.s.I would betray my officers and eat my crew again!"
76561198065156881,Recommended,304650,30917340,Posted: 3 April,all,LongTallDrink,"Slowly putt-putt in your boat around a deep sunless sea avoiding the nasty giant crabs, bats, and pirates as you unravel the mysterious weirdness going on at each port of call while managing closely the fuel and food to feed your sailors as well as the damage taken to your little ship.   Very much a narrative driven game at a sedate pulse.   Cthulu weirdness mixed with strange crypto-conspiratory storylines makes this very intriguing.   If you like reading weird story text then this is the game for you.   If you skip the text in quests, perhaps you should skip this one."
,Recommended,304650,26878518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sanguium,"Immersive, intriguing, unforgiving, discover or die trying."
,Recommended,304650,26833487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skelebur,"Do what you want, 'cause a pirate is free,YOU ARE A PIRATE!Yar har, fiddle di dee,Being a pirate is alright to be,Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free,You are a pirate!We've got us a map,To lead us to a hidden box,That's all locked up with locks!And buried deep away!We'll dig up the box,We know it's full of precious booty!Burst open the locks!And then we'll say HOORAY!Yar, har, fiddle di dee.If you love to sail the sea,You are a pirate!Weigh anchooor!Yar har, fiddle di dee,Being a pirate is alright with me!Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free,You are a pirate!Arr yarr, ahoy and avast,dinky-dink-dink-a-dinkadefast!Hang the black flagAt the end of the mast!You are a pirate!Hahahahaha!We're sailing away,Adventure awaits on every shore!We set sail and exploreAnd run and jump all dayWe float on our boatUntil its time to drop the anchor,Then hang up our coatsUntil we sail again!Yar, har, fiddle di dee.If you love to sail the sea,You are a pirate!Laaaand ho!Yar har, fiddle di dee,Being a pirate is alright with me!Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free,You are a pirate!Yar har, wind at your back, lads,Wherever you go!Blue sky above and blue ocean below,You are a pirate!Hahahahahaha!You are a pirate!Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh.Sail the seas landlubber"
,Recommended,304650,26856840,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaybug,"You start out on the streets of Fallen London, unsure what exactly to do, and where to go. You will start with a couple simple jobs and suddenly you will realize you are discovering the wondrous world of the unterzee!This game has mystery, tension, action, and wonderful story sequences. You can go about and discover all the lore and legends of the lands. There is always a sense that there is something right beyond the next island. I have a hard time putting this game down.Has great replayability, expect to die often initially, but eventually you will get better."
76561197971028244,Recommended,304650,26855613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eisehorn Gaunt,"James Blaylock, spiced with a little H.P. Lovecraft and finished off with a large dose of general Steampunk. From the steady 'drip, drip' of drops falling into the 'Zea' to the strange Islands full of bizarre twisted characters, this game understands its source material. I can't help feeling a tension everytime I sail off from Fallen London to explore some dark corner of the map. The artwork and plots draw you in, beyond the relatively simple gameplay into a dark but compulsive world. I have a feeling this is a game I will return to again and again, especially with the new expansion pack. A real gem that suprised me and reminds why I enjoy PC gaming."
,Not Recommended,304650,26802857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,schneemann,"Naja, bissl viel Text für meinen Geschmack."
76561198055046573,Recommended,304650,26973817,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[1294]Jekkins,"A strange game thats an odd combo of a simple resource management rogue-like and a choose your own adventure book that offers a relentlessly enticing story with a fascinating world. Sunless Sea admittedly is a difficult game to begin playing, you are given few instructions but a basic tutorial and then thrust out into the Unterzee to make your own way. Its intimidating at first, without the light of civilisation you'll go insane, zee-beasts and pirates lurk everywhere, from sailors that are yet to realise they have drowned to giant jellyfish and moving mountains. When you finally put ashore you are met with choices that can make or break your voyages, trade state-secrets with demons and establish an island of rat engineers. Theres a charm to this bumbling discovery and every time you find a new island you're met with a new story that can effect the rest of the world. Even once you've found all this and mastered the map  there are enough endings to found and mysteries to be solved that it'll keep you going and going and going... Until your crew mutiny and kill you because you ate one too many humans.All in all Sunless Sea is a very compelling story-driven experience if you have the time to get into it. It contains a world that will continue to keep you guessing the whole time, and when you finally figure out the answers to certain questions you'll find it very satisfying. This is one of my absolute favourite games and if you love a good story this is one to buy."
76561198042373521,Recommended,304650,26976113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ser1ph,Sunless sea is a game dripping in atmosphere and story.  Failbetter games's fallen london univere has amazing writing and exploring the underzee is a satisfying experience.
76561197996437137,Recommended,304650,26991550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Well Played,Strange truths are told of the waves and what lies beneath. The lies are even stranger.
76561198011431880,Recommended,304650,16450430,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FE,"Solid roguelike mechanics with interesting progession. But more importantly, truly excellent writing and unforgettable music means you can't help but lose yourself in the weird and wonderful world Failbetter Games have created.The first time I have actually been impressed by the literary quality of a game: highly recommended."
,Recommended,304650,26996152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Dane of 5683,"I thought I'd talk a little about one of my favourite games, Sunless Sea, and one tiny smidgen of why it's so interesting. Sunless Sea (and its antecedent Fallen London) occur in the Neath. Neath is short for Beneath—where most everything in the game is, since the devils of the Echo Bazaar sank London underground, closer to Hell. That's all fascinating, of course, but what I want to talk about is money.The economy of the Neath is information (particularly, stories), the more secret the more valuable. The most basic unit of value is the echo. That's not a kind of coin or bill. It's a piece of information, an Echo, like a rumour. Secrets are common but are valued at about 999 Echoes. Fragments are are earned as you explore the map, as you encounter wild happenings, share confidences with other figures in the Neath, overhear curious mutterings, and dissect abominable creatures of the sea. 300 or so Fragments combine to forge Secrets (the better your Pages stat the few Fragments you need to unveil a Secret, think of Pages as a kind of Lore-gathering-and-facilitating stat). You can also combine Fragments with Memories Of Distant Shores or with Zee-Stories to discover Secrets as well.Secrets are fascinating because they operate as either currency or XP, depending on your need. You can trade Secrets with officers to increase your stats, making them essential for grooming your captain to be respected and feared. Alternatively, you can trade Secrets for Echoes, if you must. Alternatively again, there are plenty of instances in which a situation will call for a good Secret or five if you hope to get out of a scrape or convince a person to aid you (or not report you to the authorities) or hope to build some fell device or other.Tales Of Terror and Zee-Stories and Memories Of Distant Shores can all be traded for goods at various ports. Everyone is hungry for knowledge, whether it turns out to be true or not. Even Recent News is valuable and some ports will only let you on shore if you have it. Visions Of The Surface and information about Moves In The Great Game (espionage!) and Strategic Information and Vital Intelligence and Extraordinary Implications are each valuable (or maybe invaluable) in their own ways.In one case, in one of the most drawnout storylines of the game, you are asked to ""witness the death of something that is the oldest of its kind, and return,"" at which point you tell the tale and are rewarded handsomely, first with information in the form of stats increases and then later with the location of one of the biggest secrets of the game.Searing Enigmas are nearly the most valuable thing in the game and are quite rare. The game describes them thus: ""Mysteries are fire. Truth burns."" These are secrets so rare and so important that men will die to learn them or keep them safe.And still more valuable than that: the Dread Surmise, described as ""the awful daring of a moment's supposition which an age of ignorance can never deny."" This is incredibly high-level information or secret. Something essential that no one knows. It would be on the order of ironclad evidence that God exists that anyone, having seen it, would be forever changed.The game, for all its weirdnesses and intrigues, does a great job of the idea of trading on one's terror of the unknown for comfort in the unknown."
,Recommended,304650,26993398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bill Nye the Whole Wheat Rye,"Sunless Sea gets many things right, and few things wrong. The writing is incredible, intriguing, and unique. The stories are all unique and will take hundreds of hours to get to them all. Everything, from the flavor text, to the visual design, is exquisitely crafted. The fighting might fall somewhat flat, and the grind near the beginning can become infuriating, but these negatives are heavily outweighted by the delightful stories present in Sunless Sea."
,Recommended,304650,26989503,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beardo McFisty,I bought it when it came out and think about it constantly. The gameplay is lacking but the narrative is fantastic.
76561197968400531,Recommended,304650,26982833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S.A.O.,"A different kind of game from most.  Combat is present but not focused on, instead the primary focus is on world building and a unique narrative.  Fun, stressful, and engrossing; I highly recomend Sunless Sea."
76561198090124792,Recommended,304650,26823312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peraldo Jeromi,"One of the best games I've ever played. Great story options, nice gritty aesthetic, and your decisions can shape the future of your character in an impactful and permanent way. Requires strategising for survival and profit, as well as an interest to participate in a gradually unfolding story."
,Recommended,304650,26809933,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,minecreatr,This is one of the best games I have ever played. The storytelling is amazing and the world of Fallen London is one of amazing peculiarities and oddness beyond that which I have ever seen.
,Recommended,304650,26816524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ayresome,I liked it. Very much.
,Recommended,304650,30920948,Posted: 3 April,all,drowZebra,"I've gone thru about 5 captains at this point, and I still have not finished the game yet, but I think I have a good impression of the game.I really like exploring the world of this game, and the writing keeps me much more engaged than I usually am in games with heavy story.I wish I had finished the game at this point, but the main flaw for me is the rogue-like death system, where you lose everything on death, except for a choice of what to keep being the map, half your money, or half of one of the five stats you've built up. This would be fine, but the biggest loss is losing the progress in the story, which I'm not sure how to keep or if I even can. Also, if you choose to not keep the map, then you have to rediscover the areas again.The practical answer to this problem would be to stop dying, but dying is really easy. Either max terror or running out of supplies and fuel will quickly result in death. This is really easy to have happen with a bout of bad luck on an ambitious voyage, especially along the southern areas.TL;DRThe mysteries in the world and stories building up to them are so intriguing, but it is SUCH a buzz kill when you lose hours of progress on a death, multiple times. I really want to come back to this game, but I'll probably play with manual saves next time, just so I can enjoy the story without the constant fear of losing all my progress. (Dying and seeing results of different choices a couple times was a little fun and exciting, though.)"
,Recommended,304650,26888255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vintage Pottery,"Sailing simulation meets wonderfully written chose your own adventure stories, with a dash of eldritch horror.Welcome to the Zee"
76561198050656495,Recommended,304650,26908946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atlas,It's a very beautiful game to play
,Recommended,304650,26926018,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shadedsoul,"Extraordinary, beautiful, and haunting words. The gameplay is equal parts tedious and nervewracking, with tiny errors and (poorly) calculated risks throwing off consequences that will drag you under seconds or minutes later. But it's worth it all for the world within the words."
76561198027622715,Recommended,304650,26917876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rothrice,"The only game where it is not only perfectly acceptable, but also ecouraged, to be a cannibal captain of a fully submersible, steam-powered ship.The writing of the game, and there is an amazing abundance of it, is highly reminiscent of an alarming amalgamation of Terry Pratchett, H.P. Lovecraft, and Douglas Adams.  If that sounds like your cup of tea, then allow me to bid you welcome to the Undersea, delicious friend."
76561198138562486,Recommended,304650,26939948,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oeke,"This game, as suggested by its own introduction, is quite hard: featuring a single save slot, a challenging economy and a strict resource management system, it might be better to keep away from it if you don't enjoy a considerable challenge.The gameplay also consists for the most part of either reading or sailing slowly through the dark waters of the deep zee, something to keep in mind when considering to purchase the game.If you are sill interested after everything i've said, than buckle up and get ready for what i'm proud to say is the best written, most atmospheric, scarily-witty game i have ever played.Moreover, the world in which the game takes place is without a shadow of doubt one of the most compelling and fascinating i have ever had the pleasure to encounter, to the point where i couldn't help but play fallen london, the text based online game sunless sea is based on.This game is certainly not for everyone, but for those who ejoy challenges, incredible writing and losing themselves in a fantastic world, it would be a sin for you not to play it."
,Recommended,304650,26955464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Voxus,"Very well written, fantastically terrifying, and deeply engaging."
,Recommended,304650,26950485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MintyEtude,A great game with a great atmosphere. Sailing the Low Seas has never been so maddeningly fun!
,Recommended,304650,26950934,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thirdmike,"I can't stop coming back to this game. It's a calling, and I feel it too deeply to comfortably explain. You will enjoy this game. Do not leave the shore. You will enjoy this game too much."
,Recommended,304650,27066663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tucker Cobble,"this game is not friendly. this game is mean. this game will take its toll.and you will give it, willingly.this game is slow, atmospheric, calm, engaging, and most of all, brutal. this game will give you minutes at a time to think over your decisions, while still feeling hectic and quickened. this game will have you feaar a small jellyfish that ♥♥♥♥ing camps near the salt lions because he's an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. this game will have you question whether a mountain can really be killed.this game will engage you, makee you love it, be beautiful, have you set in its atmosphere and world, and then it will remind you, in no uncertain terms, that it has no problem grabbing you by the hair and slamming your head into the concrete.your character will die after 20 hours, and there will be nothing left of them. you will see the sun, and it will burn your soul. you will buy port carnelian, and become its mayor. you will meet officers with their own deep stories and help them.you will go north. do not go north. all shall be well.tl;dr: this game is brutal, calm, and beautiful, 8/10 for the average person, if you played fallen london, 10/10."
76561198136898607,Recommended,304650,26844467,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kitSIN,I love it.
,Recommended,304650,26918977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Solitary,great
76561198023925359,Recommended,304650,26893152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nixis,This is an incredibly atmospheric story-driven game.  I can't recommend it enough.
76561198014098739,Recommended,304650,26928670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Potiosector,"There is grinding. There are maddening, brutal, random events. But the writing is gorgeous and the ideas - the stupifyingly surreal ideas - make you want to read on, to find what the game wants in order to progress. I've stopped playing this game three times and once my tears of frustration dry, I'll pick it up again one day."
76561197970213150,Recommended,304650,26928166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dead Silence,Great atmosphere and scripting
76561198150201356,Recommended,304650,27062975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spawngbub,in the east edge of the mapreached max terrorcrew mutiniessucceeded the challenge with a very small crew leftstruggle to sail back to londonran out of fuel one meter before portpray to saltgets teleported back to edge of the mapcaptain loses his mindI lose my mind10/10 would lose my mind again
,Recommended,304650,27063421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,redwizard000,A fun and unique experience
,Recommended,304650,27211611,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Galking52,One Big Mind F*ck.it's the sh*t.
,Recommended,304650,26977105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cruddychicken,"One of the most quirky, well written games I've ever played.  The unique setting has a very tongue-in-cheek Victorian, Lovecraftian steampunk horror feel, and the writing is outstanding.  Give it a try, and don't get too attached to your first captain(s)."
76561198120973082,Recommended,304650,27010857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abe Kane,Depressing and bleak. 10/10 would drown in the zee while addicted to sunlight again
,Recommended,304650,27036270,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OmniKnight Of The Old Republic,"This is honestly an incredible gem of a game. The main things I would highlight are simplicity, depth, exploration, strategy,  rogue-like permadeath, mystery, sci-fi,  storytelling. It has a subtle cult-like Lovecraft feel to it, focussed around the horrific / macabre / bizarre. It feels as though it's somehow evolved out of board / card game / rpg culture. I would recommend it if you're a fan of any of the above. Expect to fail a lot and slowly get the hang of things."
,Recommended,304650,27034767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beekmen,Games pretty fun. I was low on fuel so I had to keep my light off and had to fight my entire crew because they were afraid of the dark
76561198067744349,Recommended,304650,27030197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yackson,"Great game, I love the story, the ambient, I get so scared to go far away for dying of hunger again.Every time you play you can get a different route and different crew to discover new stories and explore more.I literally stop playing because i didn't want to die and was scared of what was out there."
,Recommended,304650,24040362,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,lil uzi,"steam describes this game as ""victorian gothic"" and ""lovecraftian,"" which makes it sound like unremarkable, derivative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but it turns out its actually goodin sunless sea you play as the leader of a choose your own adventure suicide cult, shuttling crew after crew of hapless idiots to their text-based deathsif one crew manages to turn a profit before discovering a new and exciting way to drown, the guys after them might inherit a fraction of their wealth before dying to more watersunless sea is definitely in my top 50 games that dont have suns in them. absolutely recommend for anyone who regularly does enough ketamine to enjoy staring at ♥♥♥♥ing water"
,Recommended,304650,27002722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sween,Dark and immersive with a touch of Lovecraftian horror. In the game there are many islands each with their own unique story to explore. The only downside is that once you've seen all the islands it can be easy to loose interest.
,Recommended,304650,27265212,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nick,"Recommended for aspiring ship captains with a dark sense of humor and a steady hand. Not for the faint of heart. Beware; there be dragons. The game is extremely slow in pacec but somehow still manages to make your heart race. It emerses you in a world created just for you and it does so with elegance and style. A lot of the game is presented in pure text, so be prepared for almost an interactive novella. Oh, and you get to pilot a ship!"
76561197997200379,Recommended,304650,27268560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Timba,"I love this game. I love the shouting monks and I love clay.""WE WILL WORK. WE WILL ONLY WORK."" - ""I LIKE IT WHEN IT IS QUIET."""
76561198045498410,Recommended,304650,14335683,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Coldhands,"Sunless sea is a nice ""follow up"" for Fallen London the browser text based game.The game makes you actively use your imagination because most of it's stories come from the text that you read when you arrive somewhere or just sail the seas.The game can be pretty hard especially when first starting it. Expect multiple deaths even if you have read guides since the map always changes unless one of your captains manages to give his map/chart to his follower who can gain one or two things from his predecessor.Completing some storylines gives a permament buff for every captain.Managing your money (echoes), fuel and supplies is very important as is keeping an eye on your sanity. When one of those starts to reach 0 (100 incase of sanity) you will get in trouble. Low fuel can be temporarily buffed at the cost of supplies, supplies can be ""buffed"" by feasting on ahh the other sort of meat that you got onboard. Insanity will lead a large assortment of troubles. All of these are also used in the games story telling.But ye the game is mostly about reading, sailing, sea battling, dying and trying to achieve your ""main"" goal that can be picked at the start and then doing the other main goals with other captains who will follow in the footsteps of their predecessors or pick their own path according to your decisions."
,Recommended,304650,15545118,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Godozaurus,One of the best games i've ever played11/10 would sail the sunless zee
76561198100517696,Recommended,304650,28492224,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,aregulargamer1,"The Winds are Wild, the Lacre DeepThe Snarling Stones Arise From SleepThe Fifth's Tales may Exalt the SunsBut Never Hope to Halt What Comes...A R E C K O N I N G IS C O M I N G"
,Recommended,304650,28506714,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Notorious Spicy Dinosaur,"This is such a creative and detailed game.  A lot of the story is text, but exploring the sea and the various ports as well as inheriting things from previous captains (your captains will die). I just... this game is a surprising and rare find. I love it."
,Recommended,304650,28505194,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,gw926w,"Though not for everyone,sunless sea is definitely an amazing piece of jem.Unparealleled atmosphere ,very interesting stories,and in my opinion infinite replayability.With the cathulian lore of the webgame fallen london, the world feels very unique and intersting ,which make exploration feels much more rewardingHowerever this game is not recommended for people who doesnt enjoy reading since almost all the in game action and story are shown in the form of text instead of imageries ,also do not expect any form of voice acting,it just isnt that kinda game.The game play is very slow placed and management of fuel and food can feel fustrating at times,however all of these actually solidify the tone of the game and its atmosphere.An unusaual master piece not for masterpiece.Again its not for everyone .It is the kinda game that you either hate it or love it"
76561197998580088,Recommended,304650,28194669,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gutemann,Haunting.
,Recommended,304650,28198037,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dark07,There is something vaugely hypnotic about sailing a ship across the Unterzee
76561197967114074,Recommended,304650,28088108,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ramius969,"One of the best games I`ve ever played, PEROID."
76561198001938245,Recommended,304650,27501104,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bballshorty05,"This game is wonderfuly atmospheric. It is rare to find something that can nail the lovecraftian horror as closely as this game does. Although there is not much moment to moment excitment, you will constantly be engaged planning routes and addressing challenges as they come up that could possibly end your run. Plenty of challenge however if you need constant stimulation or fast paced then this is probably not the game that you are looking for"
76561198111410254,Recommended,304650,27500098,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Mole King,"This game really is fantastic, i love the themes and the overall atmosphere of it. It's always a game I'll enjoy."
,Recommended,304650,27427453,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,klaus.reiter,One of the best games I ever played. I love the graphics and the music. A speed forward function would be useful thou.
76561197976282972,Recommended,304650,27400261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KingZoidberg,"A real gem of a an story driven game. Don't play with save ability as It makes it too easy and with the added risk of loosing your hard earned super engine or ship this game can both punish you and reward you for taking risks. Worth a play, though very slow to get started in the beggining."
76561198085959947,Recommended,304650,27408376,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Haxz,"This game has a great story and lore, the gameplay is a bit mediocre though"
76561198012063628,Recommended,304650,27249257,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BillousJosh,"There is no game that is more terrifying, that doesn't use on jump scares."
76561198047644672,Recommended,304650,23606605,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Eat A 'Nade,"10/10I always seem to die, the zea taking my playtime, and squashing them under it's uncaring waves.  But this game keeps me coming back for more. Despite my lack of success, I find myself enjoying the struggles, and my successes bring an extra dallop of joy. The game is well written, and you never know what you'll find when you venture out on the deep, dark zea."
76561198113375322,Recommended,304650,23747530,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ltruesdell,"I played this months ago as a free weekend game and immediately put it on my wishlist. Now, it's half off and I am seriously debating buying it. It is slow. But so interesting and gripping, and addictive that I am afraid it will slowly, hauntingly, and enjoyably suck my life away."
,Recommended,304650,23902735,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LPSunnyBunny,"11/10. 100/10. Beautifully crafted gameplay, good graphics, important choices, drama, romance and HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T-"
76561198018723503,Recommended,304650,23896003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,necrogodomega,"This is a quarky yet fun little game. It's very heavily story driven, yet the story is all done in old school text form. That may turn off many people, but really it's part of the charm of the game. They have created a vivid and interesting world below the surface of the Earth and it's interesting to explore it.This game is hard, like, you will die constanly hard, but overall it's worth it."
,Recommended,304650,24071263,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kobyov,"Slower paced than I expected, but once I settled in it's actually a really good thing - this game has atmostphere up the wazoo and was clearly written by brilliant madmen"
76561198040909829,Recommended,304650,24047096,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,raleighmatteo,It takes a really special writing staff to make a game with newgrounds level gamplay so engaging. Definately recommended.
,Recommended,304650,24037154,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"Basically an adaptation of the 'Uncharted Waters' series from the Genesis/SNES era, set in a far more sinister world. So if you played those games for the optimistic adventure, you won't like this; if you played them for the mechanics and involved story, and want some melancholic dystopia thrown in, you'll love it."
,Recommended,304650,24039277,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,"Dark, witty, and unforgiving, Sunless Sea has one of the most fascinating settings I've seen in a video game."
76561198040744365,Recommended,304650,23916235,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gina,Absolutely love this game. It's rich and hauntingly beautiful. Tons of replay value!
,Recommended,304650,23903787,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Corticibus,"gorgeous soundtrack, clearly well written lore and quests this game leaves you with the empitness and coldness of don't starve which is great.However some things that could be improved are explanations, that little tip box is telling me nothing on where to find money or quests. some deaths seem undeserved since not having the game knowledge to find food or repair ship, the later which I eventually found out by sheer luck.Has great potential needs to be explained better, tidy up some of the interfaces too. being greeted at a new port with a wall of things locked isn't pleasant when you are starving to deathplus combat.... oh dear very basic and it seems to be you hit them they hit you rinse and repeat until someone dies"
,Recommended,304650,23923989,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Inferno Dialer,">Doing pretty good, sailing along doing jobs and making dosh>Offered to make some money for something shady>Not wanting to chance it I decide to alt+tab out and look up a guide>Tab back in and the game glitched and killed me10/10 would not try to cheat the zee againP.S. The glitch never happened again, but I'm still not chancing it. Also, it's a great game."
76561198046674286,Recommended,304650,23909229,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,General Born,"Some of the best writing and storytelling I've personally ever encountered in a videogame complimented with a gorgeous and unique art style. The gameplay mechanics won't be for everyone but for me, it all works.Simply amazing. One of my favourite RPGs of all time."
,Recommended,304650,23767704,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kola2,"As of writing, i bought this game 2 days ago, and have played it 27 hours so far. If that isn't enough to make you buy this game, i don't know what is.I cannot reccomend this game enough!I normally don't like Rouge-like games like this, but this is an exception. The amazing setting, the absoloutley fantastic writing and the long voyages on dark seas contribute to one of the most immersive and enjoyable gaming experiences i've had in years! The game is a mixture of Victorian-england, Lovecraft and Steampunk and they all blend beautifully together to form a masterpiece of a game.The characthers, the choices i have to make, makes you have to chose between what is morally right, what you gain the most out of, and the feelings for your officers and ship, and contributes to a thrilling experience, especially if you happen to screw up.Definetly worth picking up, again i cannot say enough how much i enjoy this game!"
76561197968707977,Recommended,304650,23131196,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hobo,"This is a game that grows on you.  Be patient and take a bit of time to learn how the game works, and it starts to make sense and become fun.  7.5/10"
76561198158726612,Recommended,304650,23174059,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,CaptFoxyCuddles,"Awesome game, I love it. I do wish there was more in it but it really is such a lonely game. Being alone out on the zea is quite terrifying if you don't have the resources. The lore is wonderfully put together and there is plenty to work towards unlocking. I would definitely give it a 9.5/10"
76561198065584247,Recommended,304650,23091853,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,InSpades,"So deep, so rich, so worth playing"
76561197999501345,Recommended,304650,20835774,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Bicycle Pump,"Sunless Sea combines both the drudgery and the joy of rogue-likes in equal measure.The Unterzee is vast, mystical and rife with interesting nooks and crannies to explore. The way the world shifts from game to game is also well implimented. Especially in terms of the varied legacy systems to you can use to preserve your Captain's accomplishments. The flavour for Sunless Sea is absolutely impeccable, the writing engaging, the world interesting and the combat...well sort of roundabout (literally), but servicible. This is a world that you'll sink hours into. Not to mention a fair number of lost souls.Sunless Sea does atmosphere well. That's for sure. There's always a sense of mild fear when first heading for the Salt Lions. Will they be where I remember? Am I going to run into another questline that I'm unprepared to handle? The possibilities are exciting.Sunless Sea's problem comes in two parts: a repetative early game, and the mid to late game transition. Often, players will find themselves traversing the same early areas with successive Captains. Heading to Venderbright is intersting the first couple of times you set sail. Less so after your previous Zee Captain has sailed off each corner of the map for nothing more than bragging rights.The transition from early game quest structure into completing character specific storelines and tours de Zee is also a little bit sticky. Finding the cash to finance ships for these expeditions requires a little bit of mid-game mercantile tinkering. This is good fun the first couple of times you give it a shot. The problem arises when you have to keep running the same, profitible routes in order to pay for the equipment necessary for, just as an example, a grand adventure to save the souless apes of monkey island (Note: No grand adventures will be found. Burn the Zepplin).Sunless Sea is a game that is very much worth your time. Just be aware that there'll be a surprising number of perfectly flat sections for a game concerned with sailing."
,Recommended,304650,23153246,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Xpgamer7,"Fun to read writing, and an interesting mix that feels like a gamebook with a world to traverse. Only complaint is that it's designed to take 60 seconds between areas, often which only include 12 seconds of reading once you're about 10 hours in. With some cheating it seems that after beating a lot of the early quests, the lategame stuff can take up to getting 40 hours in, more if you die by one of many ways often due to a series of unfortunate events that suck all of one or more resources. Even late game you're nowhere near immune. Still, the writing and world is so interesting I think the time spent so far was worth it, even if the tedium might push me away now. (Make faster late game boats/shorten late game harbor timer)."
76561198186172753,Recommended,304650,23440461,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,shiftydonovan,"Do you like beautiful art?Are you interested in a well-done and interesting variation on the Victorian-era aesthetic?Do you like sailing around for goddamned hours and sometimes getting your♥♥♥♥♥royally punished because you accidentally sailed through the top of the world?Boy, have I got good news for you!Sunless Sea is great, and deeply frustrating at times, and also gorgeous, and all of my hours playing it have been fueled by rage and teeth-gritting determination."
76561198081553458,Recommended,304650,22751959,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Alphawarbeast,"Expansive exploration with an intriuging narritive, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,304650,22905143,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Psychobard,"I'll admit up front that it can take a little while to get immersed if you are unfamiliar with the setting of Fallen London.  In the start, you steam around the world to different islands and ports to explore and learn more about the mysterious zee and the Neath, this subterranean world you dwell in.A lot of these locations have their own stories--many a word will be read.  Almost like a non-linear novel.  You can often influence the outcomes by luck or your own skills.  It can get tedious, especially after you've steamed into the same port for the twentieth time.Occasionally you'll run into enemy ships or zee monsters which you can engage if you wish.  Battles are not complex; have the enemy in your weapons range and shoot them until they are vanquished or your ship's hull implodes, whichever comes first.There are a few bugs, quirks, and syntax issues, but they usually won't cripple the game or your playthrough.  Despite that, this is definitely worth a go if you enjoy games of exploration, you have an iota of patience, and can tolerate copious amounts of words.... Or at least in my case, you come for the setting, play for the stories, and stay for the logistic trading and money hoardiN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SU"
76561198007317366,Not Recommended,304650,22421735,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Michael Hubbard,"Parts of sunless sea are really terrific. The story is fascinating, I enjoyed the narrative and general feel of the game as well. The atmosphere that it creates is terrific. However, the actual gameplay itself is unfortunately relatively limited. I found I spent a significant portion of the game just travelling between destinations. This was not a fun part of the game at all, and unfortunately takes up a disproportionate amount of the game time."
,Recommended,304650,27962729,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sherglock Colt,"While its hard to recommend Sunless Sea because in my opinion its not really a good ""game"", all you do is really grind until you get to the next bit in one of the storyline but the story, the world, the characters but most of all the writing is absolutelyamazing.If you enjoy lovecraftian horror, ATLEAST enjoy reading and dont mind grinding simply for the reward of continuing the story then I can definatly recommend Sunless Sea, but if you hate grinding and/don't enjoy reading you should probably pass on this title.Also HE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN THE SUN T"
,Recommended,304650,28036805,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ren,"Great game, Refreshing out-look on a Rouge-like story based game. Amazing sound track, Great atmosphere.A lovely gem, i am glad is in my library."
,Recommended,304650,27997789,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Charles Barkley,Wonderfully atmospheric game with an engaging story and beguiling secrets around every bend.
76561198018554611,Recommended,304650,28471903,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Morris,Very story drivenly open. In a sense i say that because it requires a lot of immersive reading. If you don't like reading. This game will change that. But if youre someone who just go go goes and clicks the first option you see then you will have a hard time with this game. recommend
76561197983786367,Recommended,304650,26999913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Popo,"good game, badge farming."
76561198255469064,Recommended,304650,26979936,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Unicorn1015,It hard not to love this game. Its like reading a good book only you control the plot!
,Recommended,304650,27009886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ceaselessCarbine,"THESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNTHESUNBut in all seriousness, this is one of the most immersive games I've ever played. It's a refreshing (Althought refreshing is hardly the right word to use) change of pace from the gaming stereotype of an escapist power fantasy, instead placing its player in an oppressive dark environment that makes them feel lonely and disempowered.That really doesn't sound like a good thing, but trust me, it's fantastic."
76561198035459323,Recommended,304650,27318151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,You are toast,"Victorian, Gothic, Dark, Bizarre Storys, Text RichOne mile under the surface. Our old vessel cuts through the pitch black night. The ominous Unterzee gives us chills. We adumbrate the lights of Fallen London far away. Can we make it this time? Can we succeed and master the dangers who are waiting for us? Many ships were lost in the dark waves. Seamonsters out of your worst nightmares dodged our cannonballs unimpressed. Hostile ships were following us in the fog. The fear and panic that sucked in our bones slowly, strangled our guts and opened the door for insanity.Maybe we run out of fuel or we just starve.Should we sacrifice one of us to appease the gods?"
76561198314454466,Recommended,304650,27999576,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MelonAlchemist,"AMAZING GAME! I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a mysterious open world, a well-written and rich story, and just the thrill of exploration. It is a very slow-paced game, so it is not for anyone who prefers fast-moving games that are easy to understand. This one takes some getting used to, but I think that's part of the fun. It's nice to learn what the best options are to progress, and it's a beautifully designed, amazingly well made experience that will charm you with the thrill of discovering every little detail of the sea (or zee, in this case). Definately a yes on my part, and I think it deserves all the praise it has gained."
76561198051915726,Recommended,304650,28040852,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vincent,"Explore, die, explore again.Constantly trying to manage terror, supplies, fuel and to repair your hull after battles. It isn't easy to stay alive.Stories with choices that make a difference.I'm impressed."
,Recommended,304650,28047290,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cadmann,simply the best in gothic victorian lovecraftian sailing games
76561198119247006,Recommended,304650,28046048,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lorekeeper59,"Came for the sea monsters, stayed for the story."
76561198026982006,Recommended,304650,28045594,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Madness in the Dark,"Others have posted more coherent positive reviews of this, so I'll refrain, and just stick with this question: Am I the only one who is fascinated and extremely curious about the full backstory of my favorite location in the game: Station III...?"
,Recommended,304650,28108932,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jenner,"Fantastic game. Great story, immersive, and with some of the best writing ever in a videogame."
,Recommended,304650,27988665,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ἔσχᾰτον,THE RECKONING IS NOT TO BE POSTPONED INDEFINITELY
,Recommended,304650,27962906,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,OlaHigh,"IF YOU LIKE REALLY STRANGE-GOOD LORE AND STORY, THIS IS A GAME FOR YOU!"
76561198054889515,Not Recommended,304650,27937314,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JDaniels,"Slow-paced and unforgiving game. Good for masochists, though. So much good looks wasted..."
,Recommended,304650,27945330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ynotplay,Great game for passing time
,Recommended,304650,27961709,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Try to guess,do you like being the guy in the middle of the story not the one its all about but the one that gets it moving and gets to see how this horrible world gets to move around
76561198018914078,Recommended,304650,27962065,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thenybo,Gruesome but fair. Anxiety and fun abounds. GET IT!
,Recommended,304650,27921128,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Someone accidentally,"I've given up several times due to the difficulty, but find myself playing it again and again."
76561197978540467,Not Recommended,304650,16902248,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Cap'nThrope,"Buyer beware: I had a lot of technical problems on my first time playing this game. Frequently I get an error that simply states 'cannot restore from backup,' which dumps me to an illegible option box where no buttons work. I can't even exit the game, I have to kill the process from process explorer.  Also, at random times, UI buttons *and* physical keys just stop working. Including steering the boat, which is the basic operation of the game.Thumbs down. I'd demand my money back, but I purchased the game in a bundle and can't return it individually. Failbetter, fix your game before shipping. You can do better than this."
76561198012393816,Recommended,304650,16513465,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Moronstabber,"This game is not for weak of mind.You'll die, alot.Maybe not by what you think it will be.For now i died of:no crew (died by me, a god, a sacrifice, a monster...etc (theres so many ways to die in the Underzee))ship brokeMy crew had a succefull mutiny and killed meDied by having no fuel/supplies at 30 sec of the main city (Fallen London)Means that you'll restart everything again, with a small bonus that u keep in ur next game.The Zee is dangerous my friend, be carefull.I really recommend it, i dont play on my ps4 for awhile, the Underzee is captivating.A really good investment."
76561198007356834,Recommended,304650,16479571,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,louismayall,"I absolutely love this game. The world that they create is so excellent, it boggles the mind. Not quite steampunk, but something far cooler and more interesting. The sense of fear and menace created by the gameplay mechanics and the careful management of resources perfectly matches the ambience of the world. You are constantly afraid of running out of food and fuel, of going mad, of having the crew mutiny, it keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time, especially as it is a rogue-like and thus death is permanent. As well as the gloom the game has a lot of wit, as can further be explored in the online text adventure that preceded it, Fallen London."
,Recommended,304650,16480177,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MYSCHUFF,Could use a tutorial that acctually gets you into playing the game. the one that exists leaves a lot of questions. There is a very confusing mission  proggression and not really any way to keep track of where you need to go on your limited fuel budget. No waypoint markers. If you diee your game restarts in the next generation. But you start from scratch and the map is covered. You will need a peice of paper to keep track of missions taken and a map so you at least know the general direction you need to go on your limited fuel. This game has a lot of play value and is a little tedious. They forgot to put fun value in this title. It's all tricks and limited resources that creat any tension. The battles are simplistic and repetitive. I doubt very much that short of a dogs life time you will be able to afford to upgrade anything. The money earned is much less than what it cost to do the missions. The missions take almost as much from you as they reward buy the time you have investigated the whole dock.  This may change as you progress but the first 2 hours are not encuraging.5/10 I'd give it more if there was a way of tracking your missions goals and destinations and not cover the map when you die. Like I didn't hand down my charts to the next generation. Charts are more importiant then the boat itself.
,Recommended,304650,16482656,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Solomon Grundle,"For many a year I've roamed the black. Salt's blessing and Stone's gaze have followed me and provided me much in the way of protection and fortunate finds. Home port of London has been rather far and away as of late, and my time spent in the company of the Khanate has made me long for more civilized and less brutish surroundings. Perhaps I'll see my son again before christmastime."
76561197963476008,Recommended,304650,16490350,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Drunkin Dragon,"looking for a fun game to relax and play? This games for you.  A  nice blend of stratagy and exploration, while having a very origonal concept. I wouldn't call it causual because even dying is part of fun."
76561198060977778,Recommended,304650,16492967,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,OMG!,"You had me at ""eat your crew"". Amazing game with amazing story telling. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,304650,16499240,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,(W)Anchor,"Probably one of my favourite games I've played in a long time. Witty and entertaining writting, great story that can twist and turn. I think it might've made me fail an exam because I couldn't stop playing. If you're gonna by one game from the summer sale, make it be this one."
76561198172456102,Recommended,304650,15709438,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kipperkannodle,"This is the single best game I have found on steam for a long time. The depth of lore and the intricate systems involved are marvolous. After playing a game like DF and tring to find something on steam that makes me really feel like I am part of the whole narrative, Finding Sunless Sea was like hitting the thin vein. I recommend this game to anyone who loves the idea of working hard and ending the day with nothing, people who just want to make stories without the need for penultimate reward. Great game 10/10 will continue to play avidly. Great job devs."
76561197964465791,Recommended,304650,16109826,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,N1ght 0wl Gaming,"If you want an action-packed game of excitement, you're in the wrong place.If you want an exploration game with a steampunk asthetic that just oozes atmosphere, play this game.Set in the universe of 'Fallen London', you take the role of a Zeecaptain on a mission. Who you are, and what your mission is, is entirely up to you. The narrative driven story feels like a combination of Terry Pratchet and H.P. Lovecraft.The game itself is equal parts exploration, trading, and resource management. Run out of fuel? Scuttle the ship and start again. Run out of food? Eat the crew. ""We were merciful, our knives were sharp.""The best things about this game, are the aforementioned narrative, and the soundtrack. The soundtrack is wonderful, with shanty-like tunes heard in the Fallen London port, to opressingly foreboding ambient sounds of the Frozen Norrth, and Kingeater Castle.The only downsides to this game are the difficulty, and the learning curve. It's easy to learn what to do, but it will take time to learn what you're doing."
76561197994105655,Recommended,304650,29999642,Posted: 17 February,all,steakman1971,"I put a lot of time into this game.  For me, I had a great time.  However, I am not sure this would be everyone's cup of tea.  The game is hard.  It is also time consuming.  If you get frustrated easily, I'd read up on other reviews before trying it out.Oh yeah, the game is pretty stingy with resources.  I found it hard to make enough cash for food, fuel, repairs, etc.Easier to get to mission objectives would be nice.  I can find them now, but it is a bit awkward jumping through the hoops to get to them.I want to the DLC.  like I said, I do like the game and enjoy it.  I'm just not sure everyone else will."
76561198003655892,Recommended,304650,29999878,Posted: 17 February,all,TastyBurger,seems like a cool game but was very vague on what i had to do i just tried the demo
,Recommended,304650,14641395,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cardelitre,"That was quite an adventure...Loved it, beautiful atmosphere, incredible writing, FTL with a sailor's perspective in a dark, mysterious environment.Edit 2/18/2017 : Relaunched the game with he Zubmariner DLC, this is still so good. Adds a whole new plane with the underzee and lots of new underwater locations to visit. Still recommend it, had a great time!"
76561198019158081,Recommended,304650,30009047,Posted: 18 February,all,ashedden42,"Fantastic game!Yes, it can be tedious, but it's a kind of horrible, atmospheric, 'will I make it back alive?' kind of feeling. Highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,304650,29641194,Posted: 1 February,all,PESSIMISTIC BASECANNON,"I Highly suggest that you watch some videos on this game before you buy it. Also i have to warn that this game is increadably repeatative and tedious, but dispite this i highly recommend you try it."
76561198067340807,Recommended,304650,29669134,Posted: 3 February,all,wolverine_fairy,"I've puttered around the Zee for quite a few hours now and I'm enjoying this game. Half the time it's soothing music and exploration as you venture from island to island, the other half of the time is figuring out if eating one of your crew is going to hurt morale or get you cursed by the Zee gods."
,Recommended,304650,29664467,Posted: 2 February,all,djpelisek,"Brilliant game, and the sequel is on a kickstarter now. Highly recommend the original, and if you like it too, be sure and check out the upcoming sequel!"
76561198131370484,Recommended,304650,29659446,Posted: 2 February,all,CaptainDamnitt,"This game is definitely something special.The gameplay may be a little bit boring at times, but the story more than makes up for it.The writing in this game is absolutely phenomenal, and my enjoyment of the game increases every time there is a new town to explore or person to talk to.If you can get past a little bit of grinding and slow exploration, this game is something that I would highly recommend to anyone."
76561198025704322,Recommended,304650,29617465,Posted: 31 January,all,timbuck,"An example of a Kickstarter success.  A sailing game set in a deep rich alternate reality, moody and grim.  A tough game with alot of heart, the graphics are all top down (except when at port) but are detailed and well put together.   The music isn't obnoxious or overbearing, it matches the surroundings on the map-which changes with each playthrough.  The locations get moved around, so you can't rely on where things end up.There's enough here to keep you entertained for hours, a variety of ships, crew, quests/missions to fulfill.The main game is great, but I can't say anything about the expansion.  If you are looking for a boating/rpg style game, this is a good one to pursue."
,Recommended,304650,29654318,Posted: 2 February,all,Lawful Good Necromancer,"I don't consider myself someone who typically likes story-heavy games with few mechanics, but I was drawn into Sunless Sea immediately. The music, the atmosphere, and the Lovecratian storytelling immersed me from the beginning. The boat travel, combat, and ""questing"" provides just enough actual gameplay to keep someone like me interested for quite a while, but the story is where the meat of the game is. Though the majority of the game is reading, I didn't find it dragging or intimidating, and I never stopped being intrigued by the story. People say the game gets repetitive, and they're certainly not wrong, but I found it to be surprisingly replayable. I have yet to check out the DLC, but likely will in the future."
76561197975224754,Recommended,304650,29652682,Posted: 2 February,all,Cakefist,"A game that uses your imagination as well as your fingers and eyes! Very good, very atmospheric. A true journey to some place else!"
76561197982804375,Recommended,304650,29611840,Posted: 31 January,all,LynX,"It's a great game!   I haven't even begun the story lines for the Zubmariner DLC.  You don’t really have goals in this game, (To clarify you can choose your victory conditions but that's not why you should play).  You are not trying to achieve domination or wealth, rather, you are a captain of a tiny ship on a wide and unforgiving Zea.   What mysteries does it hold?  What can you learn about Fallen London and the depths you now call home?  What in the world is ""THE SUN""?  Flushing out the story of this game is the true purpose.   Figure out its mysteries and immerse yourself in its atmosphere. After all, in this world, you can trade your memories and take memories from others. If you die (can you die?), make sure you don’t make the same mistakes twice with your next captain.  Your victories (and failures) are just another part of the story, how will it affect the next story? Take the plunge, eat your crew, and see if you can plumb the depths of this intriguing game."
76561198337870226,Recommended,304650,30044266,Posted: 19 February,all,anonbc2000,"Not quite what I expected.It's very intriguing and has kept my interest longer then most games.Also the Sunless Sea isn't easy, in fact I'd say its near impossible to make the main in game currency (echoes) for your first captain to be successful.  So in that regard its a mission grinder type game that really relies far too much on the player dieing and letting their next captain inherit some stuff in small portions.  But many things change from captain to captain and that keeps it interesting.If you like stories and a real challenge this game has them both.PS. I tried the game using the free 24 hour demo and I've just purchased a copy + Zubmariner dlc."
76561198020086553,Recommended,304650,30044273,Posted: 19 February,all,Sage of Truth,Brutal choices and a fantastic game.
76561198064763438,Recommended,304650,30042585,Posted: 19 February,all,CityofChorrol,"Instead of saying ""sea"", they say ""zee"".Other than that, it's great.2/10"
76561198028348385,Recommended,304650,30044465,Posted: 19 February,all,Overlord,"General Muttonchops, esteemed and then dishonored general before the campaign of '68 now found himself on a small steamboat. They had been sailing the unforgiving zee now for a month or so. They had begun to run disturbingly low on rations and supplies a few days ago. They spotted an island a day ago.That brings us to today. The good ex-general had led his men to the island, in hopes of getting supplies in exchange for money. What they found was quite different. Two representatives had awaited them. A guinea pig in medieval platemail, and a rat in less appealing wear. Turns out both representated two factions at war. The General, being a sensible man, pledged his loyalty, zailor's lives, and, of course, guns, to the guinea pigs in a heartbeat. He met with the king, they talked, and Muttonchops swiftly led his technolagically superior vessal aganist the rats, bombarding them from sea. When he and his guinea pig comrades stormed the beach, sabres drawn, they had found rat corpses, and a rat child mourning over the severed corpse of presumably parent. The child was later on enslaved.The king and the good General threw a lavish party, celebrating the defeat and enslavement of their enemies. Roughly three days post victory, Muttonchops left. Before he departed however, he requested a guinea pig serve as a crewman on board his vessel, the HMS Coppenhaggen. His request was granted, and a guinea pig page was ecstatic to serve aboard.Later on, the Page and the General would go on many adventures, until the General's untimely death at the hand of a abomination with a skull for head and a lot of teeth and tentacles.There were two survivors when the Coppenhaggen would be destroyed by Skull-Face. The Page and the General's shipmate, Carl. Carl would later on become a captain onboad his own vessel, the Tiger Lily. Then he went crazy when he went to the Edge of he World. The Page put him down. Then the ship was destroyed by pirates. The Page would go on to serve on three more vessels, each time surviving extraordinary disasters and destructions before comitting suicide on the six doomed ship, the USS Titanic. It had just survived hitting an iceberg in the North when there was a mutiny. Mainly at the name of the ship. The Page killed himself.10/10 would doom a ship again"
,Recommended,304650,30044500,Posted: 19 February,all,Merethe,"Discovered speed 2 after eight deaths... Also, started to read text after five deaths. Think it was a fun game before then -- and even better after I actually read the stories. I will buy this game on sale."
,Recommended,304650,30045119,Posted: 19 February,all,IrocZspoT,"I only played this game for a couple hours while on the recent free weekend. I feel it has some great potential if the devs keep listening to the community and making solid changes. The recent changes they have been making have been fixes vs. new content. Fixing bugs is important for an early access game. While I didn't get to experience a lot of the game, I was able to figure out what to do pretty easily based on the quests. It is definitely not a game for those who are afraid of dying. It's actually just part of the game. Your lineage helps you build a better crew on your next try.It's probably too early to really tell, but based on what I experienced so far, I don't think it's worth the full price of $18.99 they are asking normally. I feel it is probably worth a buy when it's on sale like it is now for $6.45. Then see where the dev team steers the ship from here on out. It definitely was a fun exploring game and a different play style than I am used to, which made it a fun experience during my free weekend play time."
,Recommended,304650,30045220,Posted: 19 February,all,Pianticella,"This game was on my Wishlist for ages, and at some point I took it off mainly because of the negative reviews. I could not have been more wrong.I decided to give it a go yesterday since it was Free to Play and I was curious. I played it for 13 hours in a day and I'm about to continue playing as soon as I finish this review.The progression is slow at first but the story is interesting, the atmosphere pulls you in and the soundtrack is very good too.The ship upgrades needs some work (it doesn't make sense to buy any of the cheaper alternatives), the UI should be more organized but that's about it.If you like exploration, management/trading and lovecraftian adventure games, you'll like Sunless Sea."
76561198181223261,Recommended,304650,30044479,Posted: 19 February,all,DragonCapitanCZ ( PunkVaultGuy ),"CZ-EN VersionsEN version:Beautiful Survival Game , from hand Jules Verne-Missing Czech translate : With out standart skills of English , is like go die and die again+After death you can give to your Children something from your property+Graphic+QuestsCZ verze :Krásná Survival Hra , která jakoby z oka vypadla spisovateli Jolesu Vernovi.-Chybí Český překlad : bez dobré znalosti Anglického jazyka si hru moc neužijete .+Sytém závěti po smrti vašeho kapitána , kterým si můžete zlepšit , vaše budoucí plavby s jeho potomky.+Grafické zpracování+Úkoly"
,Recommended,304650,27270732,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eledreon,Great game with sublime writing. It is a bit repetative at first but as  you get further into the game and stop duying it gets really interesting.
,Recommended,304650,27447089,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DonCarlos,Incredible in that it breaks you quicker than any game I've yet to play.
76561198077588864,Recommended,304650,27400613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,schlusemann_the_magnificent,-Starving Crew-No Fuel-So close to London-Destroyed by a random ship-Made a new captain and tried it all again5/7 Perfect Score
76561198048099479,Recommended,304650,20226114,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fluffy,"I am Captain Nemo, Veteran of the war with Hell in 86, and this is my story of finding the remains of my father.Day 1. Started out from Fallen London with my Shady Cook sailing into tuncharted waters. With my crew of 8 we are ready to face every challenge coming our way.Day 2. Spirits and moral are still high. Traveled to a island called Hunter's Keep and met  the three sisters living there. Cynthia, Phoebe and Lucy. We had lunch.Day 3. Heading east.Day 4. Still heading east.Day 5. East it is. Crew are getting restless.Day 6. Found a Port, got into a bar fight. Lost 1 crewmember. The Shop here is empty, running out of supplies.Day 8. Today we ran out of food. Also we are running low on fuel.Day 10. We were attacked by a bat swarm. They damage the hull, but the ship is still holding,Day 12. Lost another crewmember today. Sad, but we are no longer hungry.Day 14. Running out of fuel soon.Day 15. A huge Behemoustache attacked us. This is it. The Unterzee is calling us home.I am Richard Lightbreeze. Famous poet and writer. The zee is calling to me for a adventure to write about.Day 1...9/10"
,Recommended,304650,27434300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,badlander,Never though that such a simple story driven game would be so addictive.
,Recommended,304650,24152378,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,hallucigenia,"A slow, tense game, with a great storyline(s). It's pretty satisfying to come to the end of an arc or a long voyage.The atmosphere is amazing and the music fits pretty well as well.Definitely not for the impatient since the enjoyment is very much text based.Combat could be better as it's a bit clunky.Update: Nominated this game for the ""5 more minutes award."" As this game has kept me up all night and made me late for work a few too many times."
76561198061700939,Recommended,304650,27590825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bethasaur,"So much fun to play, hours go by without me even noticing sometimes. The storyline also keeps getting updates so it's definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,304650,27564888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tuhiOO9,Must play for Book Worms
76561198135529802,Recommended,304650,27572848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kukrisandtea,"I picked up this game after it got the Game of the Year from the New Yorker (a magazine I didn't even know covered video games). I love the quirkiness, the world building, the flavor text (to be honest, this game is nothing but flavor text), and the artwork. It's immersive and compelling, and despite the small map, I still felt like there was more for me to discover and unlock.That being said, it is a brutally punishing game. I finally gave up after trying to play on the auto-save only mode and dying for the six or seventh time with my story quest only marginally completed. It would not be so bad if you could transfer more between captains (ships, for instance), or if the quests continued instead of resetting, but starting over from square one and grinding through the same quests in your very slow boat starts to feel less like fun exploration and more like a chore. The captains legacy feature is really cool, and I wish they would do more with it, keeping the progress you've made on quests that change the worl (the establishmen of the rat/cavy colony, for instance) and expanding on it. Overall, it's a great game, but it definitly would benifit from some updates to the gameplay that make it less punishing and build on the incredibly well-written world to make it more immersive."
,Recommended,304650,30989280,Posted: 6 April,all,Dreg,"Warning to anyone who plays this game.You'll love it, and find out they run a pretty neat browser story thing that gives you a ton more backstory.And that you can give your Zee Captain items to make his starts different.And then you'll end up subbing to this browser story thing to get really interesting stories."
76561198028247229,Recommended,304650,28699042,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reverend Zeratul,"A decent top-down non-linear exploration game with some rogue-like elements.You start the game as a newly-minted ship captain, choosing a background and goal. Then you chug into the dark unknown, uncovering various locations and mysteries, until you achieve your goal. You acquire crew, money, and ship upgrades. You have to carefully manage fuel, supplies, and levels of Terror (which grows/lessens through various events). The map is semi-random and is different each time you start a game.The world is fascinating. Good writing (one part Gaiman with one part Lovecraft), decent art style, and atmospheric soundtrack. Sometimes the music doesn't seem to play, which is certainly a downside. There doesn't seem to be a single overarching storyline - the game is more about discovery. The biggest problems most people will have with Sunless Sea are (1) slow pace which requires some grinding (2) combat is clunky and uninteresting. There don't seem to be any mods, but some people have made posts about save game editing, which can create different results.Things you'll see in Sunless Sea include: A church of cannibals. A living iceberg. A city of mirrors. Dream serpents. A forbidden empire of apes. An island of clay men and living objects. A woman waiting for her eyes to hatch. Rat postmen sorting lost mail. The world is strange, but not in a trying-too-hard way. Everything somehow makes sense within this universe and weirdness is never out of place.As an aside: I'd enjoy seeing a Warhammer 40K version of Sunless Sea. Something reminiscient of Dark Heresy and Rogue Trader. It's definitely achievable. Maybe that's sort of what Fail Better Games is doing with their upcoming project Sunless Skies.Overall, I would recommend this, especially during a sale. It isn't something for everyone, but if you're interested in the premise (and Sunless Sea's weird world), you will likely find this entertaining."
,Recommended,304650,28812931,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chthonian,"Sublime stories, told through unique mechanics. Seriously, the writing is top notch. You'll be so immersed you'll be drowning in the zee.8.5/10. Can't wait for Sunless Skies."
76561198085953612,Recommended,304650,28912402,Posted: 1 January,all,LazyWeeb,"You can get lost in this wonderful world so fast its scary, the narrative is so compelling and rich, the immersion is instantaneous."
76561198111391566,Recommended,304650,29020637,Posted: 4 January,all,Icebane_the_Wolf,"This game has a rather complex manegement system that is, in essence, simple and easy to learn. You find yourself managing more than 10 things at any given time with 4 main resources (rations, fuel, crew, and your level of insanity). I found myself planning out trade routes to ensure that I achieved the maximum fuel efficiency and profit before every voyage. The controls for the aspects of the ship are easy to learn and the ship itself uses well made tank controls (IE slow, stuborn movement, much like that of a tank) that make piloting feel more immersive. The only time I wouldn't recommend Sunless Sea would be if the person has little time to play, or just wants to play in short bursts. One voyage could take anywhere from 30 mintues to an hour if nothing goes wrong at Zea. If that doesn't bother you; this game is a great recommendation. 9/10 Would play again."
76561198291465432,Recommended,304650,29032557,Posted: 5 January,all,24601,"It is , a wonderful game , there is a way for you guys to promote and make sunless sea more amazing , add a Chinese Language !! Love u : ) thats a smile from China !!"
,Recommended,304650,29029379,Posted: 5 January,all,Fazo,"A super immersive dive into the seas below a victorian-gothic era London.  Sunless Sea is just a fanastic time for anyone with a taste for roguelike games and/or decent storytelling.  You'll have fun and of course, you'll die."
,Not Recommended,304650,19259146,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sentuis,"The game has ben updated a lot in story which I enjoy however it is also been updated with more priates and more animals willing to kill you for no reason. Near home waters 3-4 priate ships leave that 5-6 near every port in the Zee. The starting ship you get can't deal with this amount of foes.Becuase the combat is bad you just have to stand there in front of the foe and shoot at them. I used to love this game. Till all of sudden there is a ton of more pirates. Along with the hard Zee travel every run since this update has been ""Weeeeeee I have enough money to buy a new ship! *sails to london dies a slow death to london with everything and the Zee trying to kill me. I die near or from home waters.* over and over and over."
76561198148292816,Recommended,304650,32225776,Posted: 6 June,all,inpersonam,"I came to the game from Failbetter's excellent online game, Fallen London.The writing is so richly textured and the world springs to life from excellent prose: despite problems with pacing (the early game is very repetitive and irritatingly difficult), I kept going back. I also really enjoyed the music, which intelligently enhanced the atmosphere of the game."
76561198254622960,Recommended,304650,32293449,Posted: 9 June,all,Astrid_11,"啊通了DLC结局，还差两个随机事件成就，不做啦。前一阵真的是沉迷航海...ZEEEEEA FEVER...好我先来翻译一下这个开幕，“The sea has never been friendly to man, at most it has been the accomplice of human restlessness”，“还有3个油2个补给恐惧条涨到90船员再死一个就开不出全速只够从钢铁共和国开回伦敦但强行觉得自己还能开一片战争迷雾（划掉）地图前面肯定还有补给岛——我不会死”。我虽然觉得它很好玩，但是好像是把好好一个氛围克鲁苏文字探索游戏玩成了大航海时代+战舰世界的...那种好玩...（三万回声号主炮副炮后舷炮黑之伊卡鲁斯：朱军，我这套zxc下去你们怕是要死）上手攻略和初期打钱攻略全部参照作者kamisunagawa的简中guide，简明有用，充饥小螃蟹也能看懂！I am the Captain of my Soul！解开前置能贩阳光之后整个Zea就能横着走了。画面带感！明明其实搓搓的，但是搓搓的搓搓的突然蹦出一个完成度和精美度特别高的东西，这就是航海的浪漫啊。故事带感！有不少叫人倒抽一口冷气“啊原来是这样”“啊似李！”的地方。一共通了三个结局，富豪，建立帝国和DLC结局重新征服N，主线找我爸的骨头还没打...当然有很多印象深的地方，我还是想说M小姐都已经忘了为什么憎恨N就放过她吧，又燃又中二的集齐奇迹的世代（不）老年七船员策动大反攻重获永生什么的...她本来都已经忘了。勤存档...训练某officer时semi-success了，漫长的任务链断掉了真的吃大瘪...战斗...嗯...总之怼死了700血的Eater of Names后开心了很久！安利的最后还是要说文本，前6小时确实还是有点影响游戏乐趣的，流石雅思之海。注：雅（WU）思（GUANG）之海（Sunless sea），与六级朋克调酒师（VA-11 HALL-A），托福暴君（Tyranny）和专八之柱（Pillars of Eternity）一起组成了“你们知道吗我为了玩这个游戏已经记了四页生词了球球你们快出汉化吧”业界F4。好...好像整个review都在自嗨并没有什么帮助...希...希望你也能迷上航海！最后一点自嗨，最后听着bgm好好说一下，我其实挺喜欢那句开幕的，60小时以上游戏时间之后我会翻成，叫人恐惧、迷恋、上瘾、依赖的海从来不是朋友，它们最多是我们人类没有尽头的焦躁的同谋。会不会也有人觉得其实有一点米歇尔图尼埃的意思？她就是这样发现了爱情和死亡的深刻的同谋关系，那句。"
76561197985151938,Recommended,304650,32421149,Posted: 14 June,all,centipedia,"Pros: This game is gorgeously atmospheric. The writing is sparse and brilliant, focusing on creating a mood rather than telling a linear narrative. Creativity gushes from this game. Every few minutes I play it, I come across something new that makes me want to read an entire novel just based on that one thing. I cannot recommend this game strongly enough.Cons: There are a few cons, and they are mostly inherent to the genre. Like most survival games, you will die often in the beginning. Survival depends on learning lots of idiosyncratic tricks. Retreading the same ground which you have covered many times before is boring. Fear of being bored again is not really the ideal motivator. It would have been nice if the same inventiveness which went into creating the world also went into your character. Unfortunately, your character is kept vague. This not in order to have a universal protagonist who will appeal to everybody, because you choose a gender and a backstory. It's just that none of that matters, and very little character development occurs after that point. Even when livechanging events occur to your character, like having your organs converted into crystal or falling in love with a mysterious character, it doesn't affect your gameplay."
,Recommended,304650,32404892,Posted: 13 June,all,And_Laugh_Last,"Failbetter games has really done a wonderful job with this game. It can be grindy at times,and often probably way to hard, but it really matches the atmosphere. Fair warning, you mayhave to do a little save editing to not pull your hair out after you've spent your last echo andcant buy enough fuel to get literally anywhere."
76561198144185612,Recommended,304650,32399759,Posted: 13 June,all,wiredexperiment,"amazing world, fun gameplay, lots of background to read about."
,Recommended,304650,32410372,Posted: 14 June,all,Lemongrab,"Bought this on sale, touched it once, forgot about it.Returned to it a good while later, and now I've hit 56 hours and make no plan to stop playing.The atmosphere and writing is brilliant. Whilst there can be areas of frustration, overcoming these always feels like a major triumph.Sail the Zee, look for whatever you desire most, secrets, profit, or just general adventure.Each story will be different in some way."
76561197995207174,Recommended,304650,32165982,Posted: 3 June,all,Danuab,Very meditative. Good writing. I never really enjoyed the game as much as I was hoping to.
76561198084580561,Recommended,304650,32115681,Posted: 1 June,all,noquedanmasnick,"Some enjoy the writing. I loved mostly the survival and resource management of Sunless Sea. Started playing expecting nothing and got really addicted and into it. But be ware, enjoying reading in English is a must."
76561198032078868,Recommended,304650,31872040,Posted: 20 May,all,Sam Evans,You would of thought you shouldn't trust the soul eating monkeys
76561198049779057,Recommended,304650,32144728,Posted: 2 June,all,Toront oTO,"Very atmospheric with strong writing, moody music, and a decent gameplay loop. 8/10"
76561198009331989,Recommended,304650,20890094,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,boats n' hoes,"Great if you're lookinng for something different...some elemets play almost like a table top card game, others are your typical top down exploration game.  A bit tough to get into though; rather difficult at the beginning, especially when you have no idea what you're doing.  I feel like there's better stuff to be had for $10 though...or for $5."
76561197969713197,Recommended,304650,32458503,Posted: 15 June,all,Redweasel,"I love this game. The stories are well written and entertaining. The pace is slow and relaxing if you make it that way - just trade some and enjoy the freaky ambiance. But if you take risks and push the envelope the game is nailbiting, terrifying and spectacular. Once I pushed too far and ended up somewhere where I really shouldn't have been. Somehow, I managed to limp home to London as crewmembers were being picked off or eaten and I suffered hellish nightmares. Its those experiences that aren't represented in the screen shots that make this game superb. Just don't get too attached to your captain."
76561198197495055,Recommended,304650,32581786,Posted: 19 June,all,mrfletcher,"Well, what can I say other than: it's got the best writing in any video game that I have ever played. Ever. Period. Not charachter, or plot, or gameplay, but the way it is written is absolutly hypnotizing, and creates a unique and vastly enjoable dark atmosphere. Though the gameplay, especially the combat, isn't the game's selling point, I loved the way you could make up stories. Like one time when I was about to finish the game, then realized I was missing an important peice. Then embarked a rather frantic rush across half the ocean, going steadily insane and having my hull bashed to bits, and only avoiding rebillion becasue my entire crew was dead. A game that cmbines tense, player made experinces and breathtaking writing like this is one that you'd have to be mad to pass up."
,Recommended,304650,32580411,Posted: 19 June,all,Shin 真 Caragenan,"Navigate the seas and discover this strange dark lovecraftian world. Negotiate with leaders, trade supplies, fight or run. The story and quests evolve over time and offer some basic roguelike elements. Be prepared for a little bit of reading as all ports are small quest hubs. I am really involved in the story and progression but the game is slow paced takes a long time to finish(I did not complete it yet). Worth a try for the patient and curious."
,Recommended,304650,30170134,Posted: 25 February,all,QtheMuse,"Dip in reviews was from free weekend.This is a niche game, and is very enjoyable if you like reading and mini choose you own adventure stories in  a losely connected world."
,Recommended,304650,27379414,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eldresh S.,I may or may not have based an entire dungeons and dragons campaign around this game.
76561198257618936,Recommended,304650,30147708,Posted: 24 February,all,meglaton,LOVE THIS GAME!One important thing of note however. When you are first starting with the game make sure you let your gun cycle all the way around before you fire a weapon or it will rarely hit the target. This caused me an enormous amount of frustration until i figured it out. Other than that be patient and enjoy the adventure its really about exploration more than combat... Zee you on the Zee.
76561198027617691,Recommended,304650,30212482,Posted: 26 February,all,Roadtrip Warrior,"I love this game. The narrative and dark-lovecraftian-nonchaulant humor do it so well and the sense of exploration is on par with that of games like Skyrim. I actually wanted to know what every island had to offer because each one was essentially its own story. Every island held something new, and not in the conventional sense. I don't think it's even worth spoiling some of the things you'll find, but it's what you would want from a game about exploring a mysterious sea.Play this game, please, It's challenging at first but the reward is worth it."
76561198044421867,Recommended,304650,30212605,Posted: 26 February,all,Kenji,fun
76561198280981987,Recommended,304650,30202442,Posted: 26 February,all,stygianAcrimony,"I killed off about eight captains before i figured out how to keep them alive for more than two hours of gameplay but since then? Heck, I just can't stop."
,Recommended,304650,30202472,Posted: 26 February,all,Rumlo,"I don't think that I have ever played a game like Sunless Sea before. You captain a ship on the 'unterzee', years after London was dragged down there by bats.   Everything is weird - There's a civilisation of monkeys who will steal your soul, a church devoted to cannibals and a land of tigers. Sunless Sea makes it work though.Gameplay-wise, Sunless Sea mostly consists of long trawls through the the oceans from port to port, trying to make a profit.  Once you reach a port you can advance stories in many different ways.  To me the biggest part of the game's appeal is its wonderful writing:  it sets its scene very well and leaves  you immersed even when it gets absolutely bizarre.  Your captain will probably die, but you can leave something for the next one, so remember to write your will before the inevitable  happens.  Never let your terror reach 100 and NEVER try to sail off the map.I definitely recommend you try this game."
76561198097358309,Recommended,304650,30142942,Posted: 24 February,all,DatDoomDude,"A neat little literature gem in a (sunless) sea of indie games. Many would complain that the game is flawed with tedious gameplay mechanics and slow start which ""krills"" the game for them. Well the thing is I don't really ""sea"" the problem with the gameplay. ""Water"" you even talking about? I admit the some of the stronger monsters can be frustrating when your getting your ""sea legs"" but I assure you they were just (Lorn) Flukes. But this is ""Somefin"" you can overcome by being more prepared. If your're a smuggler you need to keep you illegal goods hidden or else the constables will con-fish-cate them. Stay cautious of them, they are your worst ""anemones. Gameplay aside what makes this game so ""spe-shell' is it's superb writing. Sorry about the puns I'm just testing the  ""waters"". Overall this game is ""reely"" fun but like all games I'm ""shore"" it has room for improvements.Comment on how many sea puns you saw in my review.(Aw who am I kidding, I'm just fishing for compliments).(Man I'm just eeling over my own puns).OH DEAR COD, SOMEONE KELP ME! I CAN ONLY SPEAK IN PUNS."
76561197993866589,Recommended,304650,27547614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kamikaze Peanut,"Great writing, decent combat, makes you stress on hardcore (no manual save) mode"
76561198035529671,Recommended,304650,30139630,Posted: 24 February,all,nafkisuM1,"Started a new campaign, sailed at the shore, stayed close to London and collected port reports.But soon I had to leave known trails to seen something more of the world and gain more of the admirals trust.Hardly had money for fuel or supplies but what choice did I have?Sailed east and found a little new island, a island on which rats where fighting against guinea pigs, chose the side of the rats and defeated the guinea pigs, got a new officer as I left and tried my luck to get back to london, not even a mile away from the safe harbour I ran out of fuel and tried my luck with the gods, ended up at the other side of the map, still no fuel but another port report, tried my luck with another god and ended up at another harbour, a new port report, got a little fuel and tried my luck back on the sea, sailed as far as I could and ended up with no more supplies, an almost canabalic crew and almost no more fuel, tried my luck with the gods again... back to the first harbour on the other side of the map... Thought to myself F*** it and abondend the ship...10/10 would try thier luck with the gods again and end up further away then before.Also I found the island where all the love letters and party inventions I never recived ended up."
76561198155556134,Recommended,304650,26209128,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Astounding epic game. Once again, a top-down 2D game proves bettter than any recent games in uniqueness and ingenuity.Main Qualities:-Replayability-Random generated events and layout-Choices affect direction of gameplay-Story-SurvivalAlso:-Sea Combat-Ambiance-VisualsNot For:-People who like to Grind for stats and money-People who dislike reading"
,Recommended,304650,30234894,Posted: 27 February,all,Allison Kitz,"A beautifully realized dark, victorian, even lovecraftian world below the earth. London has been drawn underground by the Mastars of the Bazzar, and you set out on the broad underzee in search of treasure, knowledge, or even immortality. Sadly your most likely to find horror, many nasties fixing to have you for brunch, and even a few bouts of cannibalism. Also kittens. Its weird and dark, long stretches of calm interspaced by periods of terror and tension. It is bizzare...and exquisite."
76561198075381010,Recommended,304650,30228443,Posted: 27 February,all,Porcupine,Great and unforgiving game!
76561198095314758,Recommended,304650,30228629,Posted: 27 February,all,5 min kahvi,"Sunless Sea is a game in which you, a starting zea captain, zail the Sea Where the Sun Doesn't Shine, discovering the scary but intriguing lovecraftian world of Sunless sea. Sunless sea is most likely one of the most intriguing games that I have ever played. The world and the writing are just so alluring and well made, and the few but well placed pictures support the narrative greatly. The world isn't ruined by showing too much; the game allows you to imagine the far-away places that you have heard on your travels. On the other hand the game's combat system isn't bad but it certainly isn't very good. It can get pretty boring when you understand its flaws and start to abuse them. Other than that, the game packs a very deep feeling of unknown and distress when you zail the Sunless Sea for the first times. I also like how the game punishes you for making mistakes. At zea, you have many resources to pay attention to and balance out, and if you fail at that you'll die. Furthermore, there are many hazards roaming the zea that prove to be dangerous adversaries for the inexperienced. The Fallen London isn't the only cradle of civilization in Sunless Sea; there are many more ports and mystical places to explore, such as the London's eternal rival, the Khanate and the bountiful but dangerous lands of the  Elder continent.If you are looking for a review rating, I'd give this game a 9/10, since the writing and narrative just make up for the most of the flaws of Sunless Sea. Happy zailing, captains."
,Recommended,304650,30223134,Posted: 27 February,all,INTERPAL,"I've been reading some of the reviews and while I don't have super many hours in the game, I still feel ready to give a review for it. Let's start with the cons, and then get to the pros.Cons:Slow start, slow movement. This is one of those games that I can start moving in the right direction, get up and refill my drink, and probably be okay when I get back to my desk. (I like this, but not everyone likes slow-paced games like this)Figuring out what I'm supposed to be doing is kind of a challenge. Sometimes, I'm given a quest to go to Some Location Island, and it's not entirely obvious how to look up where that location is.Because of the nature of the game, quests are abundant, and the *very first time you play*, it can be kind of overwhelming because you don't know if you should be working to explore, or to complete quests first, or what.General frustrating UI issues. Minor stuff like closing the Gazetteer and opening it again puts you back on the ""stories"" tab rather than the last tab I had open; nothing inherently game-ruining.Combat AI is pretty easy to beat. Stay behind them and you won't get shot (unless it's a Dreadnaught with an aft cannon!)Pros:Oh man, that music. It's eerie and creepy and perfect for the setting. I also like how the music doesn't immediately repeat after the track finishes; it waits a few minutes or so before starting up again, so you can hear the ""deafening silence"" of the Zee.It felt like the game was going for the ""creepy vibe"" in general and it just knocked that out of the park. I haven't had my fear get to 100 yet, but I'm really excited to see what happens when it does.The writing and prose. They had an excellent writer(s) working on this game. Some of my favorite parts are the blurbs in the corner while zailing. Even if they're repetitive, they still set the ambiance quite well.Honestly, I just get excited to see what happens next with new story lines. The variety of high-quality, well-written, *interesting* stories is the game's strong point.Final thoughts:If you approach this as your typical ""get as far as you can"" roguelike game, you're probably not going to have a good time with this game. I read a review earlier that compared this game to a text-based game, and I thought that was an apt comparison. It's not about the act of zailing and battles with pirates, it's about the stuff that happens when you get to port, where all of a sudden you've gotten 20 extra terror and you're having to calm your zailors down so you can get back to London before going completely crazy. It's stuff like seeing and living through the consequences of throwing refugees overboard because you don't have enough space to store the sapphires you just got, or fighting the gang on the side of the cliff because *it's what your character would do.* If you have patience to fight pirates and make it through long stretches of island hopping, I definitely can recommend this game."
76561198068472773,Recommended,304650,30245003,Posted: 28 February,all,SoulStorm,Recommended.
76561198045379093,Recommended,304650,31135336,Posted: 14 April,all,rubicante_le_fou,"The game in a nutshell : Lovecraftian, lots of text reading, excellent atmosphere, slow gameplay.If these are good points for you as they are for me, this game won't disappoint you!"
76561198035559989,Recommended,304650,26020803,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Qwerty Yerty,"While a great game overall, it still has some significant bugs.  The nets are apparently not implemented despite not being in early access and offering dlc.  Also *spoiler* in the second part of the mr. sacks event i arrived at mutton island but the cheery man's agent was not there, although the game guide said he should be there either way without special conditions. I could go to the other island to drop off the package, although I haven't found it yet and I feel it would be like cheating to look it up.  I would be fine with this if I knew I couldn't go back to mutton island, like with the rat island i got banned from in the first part of the mr. sacks event.If it is because I have to go while it is the festival on mutton island the guide doesn't say and should be changed to reflect that.While I would normally reccomend this, I feel that there are some notable bugs to be worked out and the only way I can bring up this issue is with a no sign.  I will change it later or add another post if it is fixed."
76561198157920161,Recommended,304650,26111025,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Anaxiamancer,Video game heroine.
76561198055296518,Recommended,304650,26799927,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GarryPadle,10/10 would eat the crew again
,Recommended,304650,16614510,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Simmo,"So many choices, paths and experiences!-Drove my crew to madness and got murdered.-Stupid bats somehow murdered my ship-blizzard slowed my ship and  god dam mr.Krabs wretched the ship-had a kid, and hooked up with my engineer10/10"
,Recommended,304650,30033259,Posted: 19 February,all,Mirai,"I'm not sure if this review will stay here because this is being left during my temporary free weekend ownership of the game but I'm going to leave a review and see if will stay anyway.I admit that I have played it very little, as my time with the game will most likely display. It doesn't seem to be the kind of game for me but it might just be the kind of game for you.You've no doubt watched the trailer and it shows precisely what this game is. You will captain a relatively slow moving ship, through a dark, creepy and dangerous ocean in search of secrets, trade, fame and fortunate or perhaps your own miserable end.Combat seems pretty simple but I only had the base ship, and combat isn't the main draw of this game. It's survival and exploration in a kind of risk versus reward scenario. (You can always google more information on it or watch some gameplay to get a better feel of it if you want to.)If you liked what you saw in the trailer and are more interested in the exploration, story and eerieness of the game than you are looking for amazing game play, this might be a wonderful addition to your library.Make no mistake, the devs were doing this as a labor of love and even with my brief exposure to the game, I can see that dedication in the game's every aspect and detail.Go for it if you think you'll like it!I just wanted to leave some support for some devs who have made a really good game here."
76561198077744363,Recommended,304650,30021965,Posted: 18 February,all,SeinaTakashi,brings me back to the old top down grandtheft auto.  Yet the stories and difficulty of heading out into the sea captured me.
,Recommended,304650,30021574,Posted: 18 February,all,Joshopoke,"As many reviews state - this game is not for everyone. You will probably only enjoy it if you go in expecting more focus on story and atmosphere than gameplay, as that is the focus. That said, the gameplay is the key to unlocking more of the story and atmosphere, so there's a setback in that regard.For those who, like me, don't feel affected by the grind and other things, this game is absolutely phenomenal. I've never played a game where the lore drew me in so far. 50 hours of play and still learning new things all the time.Sad to see that the free weekend has brought so many people to the game who don't bother to find out for themselves how to do things and give up - the game is entirely designed for you to find things out on your own. With each death of your captain you learn from your mistakes and get better. That's half the magic of this game."
,Recommended,304650,30021918,Posted: 18 February,all,Saki Strife,"Highly additive and frustrating!!I happened upon this game by chance, but had previously heard of the London has Fallen lore it is based around, so thought I'd give it a try (especially whilst it was free for a short time)--my reward--several hours of me being unable to just quit, EVEN MY CUP OF TEA WENT COLD!!! It takes a lot to distract me from that. The game was definately frustrating at times though!! I died so much, it's so difficult to traverse the lonely seas without my terror going through the roof, and then it is only a matter of time before my crew band against me and I get a GAME OVER!! Grrrr....However, despite this I find myself willingly starting all over again.All in all I think if you like games that are based around exploration, and where combat really is an option, plus you're a fan of the lore surrounding it or just plain sea ventures in general, then this game is a must buy. Plus the stories surrounding the isles and the characters are general quite imaginative indeed.A definat must buy!!"
,Recommended,304650,30016873,Posted: 18 February,all,Anowon,"I got this game when it was free to play during President's Day weekend here in the U.S..I can honestly say that this is one of, if not the best, story driven games I have had the pleasure of playing.My only two problems with this game is that it has slow to start and can be very difficult.  I did not have a successful run until my seventh captain (although I did purposefully kill four captains in a row to gather a big inheritance).  But even with the bonus 700 Echos (in game currency) I started off with, the game was still a challenge.Getting around is a hassle as well until you can get more powerful engines and bigger boats as the zee is so big and you can only travel so far before needing to return to London so you can restock on fuel and supplies.I can see some people becoming frustrated at the level of difficulty as well as the slow pace of the game.  However, if you feel like you can manage the difficulty and slow pace, then you should definitely get this game, for it is a literary masterpiece.Pro-Tip: Look up at least one tip guide before going in to get a feel for the terminology and just how to get started.  I personally used this one:(http://cliqist.com/2015/04/01/sunless-sea-beginners-game-guide/).Don't be afraid to look stuff up either."
,Recommended,304650,30018815,Posted: 18 February,all,Arc,"One of my all time favorites.It's not for everyone. It's slow, punishing, and hard.But if its for you, its /really/ for you. Give it a try, Its incredible."
,Recommended,304650,30019265,Posted: 18 February,all,Yurii,This is my 2nd free weekend of this game. And this version 2 is much better than it was previoiusly.I recommend it though I probably will not play it anymore. All is good except 2 things - stories stay the same and movement is very dull and slow.
,Recommended,304650,30019681,Posted: 18 February,all,Voilà Viola,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDo3Hn35xEo
,Recommended,304650,30007210,Posted: 18 February,all,ACME Indestructo,"A mixture of 2D action, trade and a text adventure, it causes a certain kind of addiction. You need more-than-average understanding of the English language to get all the nice parts, though. (Set the graphics quality to ""sublime"". Yes, that's an english word.) If you like to build your underwater empire, get it. It has minor flaws and it's bargain.If you need more time for other obsessions, or even a family, stay away from it. You won't get fresh air for hours."
76561198016546814,Recommended,304650,21038518,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,"Ogre ""Shifty"" Moneybags","Fantastic concept, horrible pacing, the combat mechanics are also dealbreakingly bad as you progress further along.  I did enjoy the game and events around the world but the general speed and engine mechanics are so bad, I found myself literally alt tabbing to play other things due to boredom, then switching back in, pressing a button, then tabbing back out for another minute or two.Edit:Came back to this maybe a year later, the dev's changed quite a few things for the better, I left the old review here in case people wanted to know how it was and that the dev took the time to update the game for the better.  looking forward to more."
76561198075197863,Recommended,304650,30013004,Posted: 18 February,all,solisabe,Very VERY good game!!! People complain about having to grind for money but honestly thats what makes it challenging!! Its made to be long and extensively literate so if u enjoy reading and exploring and have an active imagination this game is limitless in its fun and exploration!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
76561198005676032,Recommended,304650,30190098,Posted: 26 February,all,Melchan,I really enjoyed playing this game. It gets bit repetitive at times. So i have long pauses between plays sometimes. And after knowing the map alt + tab when moving from place to place came also a norm. I just enjoy story too much to not continue playing.
,Recommended,304650,30231350,Posted: 27 February,all,zigmasdirigeant,"73 hours and still loving it!This is not a game for the very quick-paced people out there. This takes time, patience and most of all, a lot of curiosity.Great ambience, music, visuals (With a couple of things that could be better) and playability. The history really get's into you and there's so much life lines to explore that is just awesome.If you don't plan your trips, well, also your works, it can get cumbersome... But when you get the catch on how to get money/resources while completing the various tasks, its just perfect.The only thing I would change is the way the log works... And, for sure, the illustrations of the officers, for some reason they lack of the quality that the rest of scenography and history illustrations have.Cheers and break a leg zee-people!"
76561197970252810,Recommended,304650,30231848,Posted: 27 February,all,Sir Xeyy,Amazing game if you enjoy plot and can read.
76561198156995647,Recommended,304650,26350273,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,nk,Chinese
,Recommended,304650,30185192,Posted: 25 February,all,EvilRobot69,"A semi-roguelike seafaring (or rather, zeefaring) game set in a version of London from Victorian England that has fallen underground into a massive cave complex. The game is mysterious and at times, difficult to discern. You will die. A lot. But don't worry, the zee will keep pulling you back in and you will start to learn the secrets of the civilizations that lie below, in the Unterzee (Under-Sea)."
,Recommended,304650,31596146,Posted: 6 May,all,༺ Mecury · Blood ༻,"A novel of mysteriousness and adventure, written by yourself."
76561198077510812,Recommended,304650,31658449,Posted: 9 May,all,╢ÑΦÑΦ╟ARC,this game is master
,Recommended,304650,31700291,Posted: 12 May,all,Cap10wow,Amazing Game! Im a huge fan of the fallen london lore and this game is great.
,Recommended,304650,31714167,Posted: 12 May,all,Mykal,"This might be one of the most calming Rouglikes I have ever played. The challenge of the game is primarily in resource management and figuring out the best risk:reward ratio. Naval battles can be avoided and are easy with the right weaponry and tactics, but one wrong judgement in supply needs means you can end up stuck in the middle of the ocean with no fuel and a crew eating each other. It's not a good game for when you need action, but it's a great game to play after a hard day of work.The story plays out like a very boat-centric choose-your-own-adventure book written by Lovecraft. This can leave events feeling a bit disjointed, but it mixes well with it's odd narrative. The game forces you to re-learn how the world works if you want to get far, but isn't a random mess with no tangible connections. And because the game changes events on islands based on how long you have been playing, you feel like you are learning something new about the world each time you pull into a port.I'd reccomend keeping notes as you play in order to keep up with the game's complex trade routes and to make subsequent playthroughs easier. The only thing that changes between playthroughs is island placement, so a good book of notes can help you know where you should be and when in order to achieve your goals."
76561198005301074,Recommended,304650,31737484,Posted: 13 May,all,Lord Hamlet,"I really liked this game. It is quirky, dark, depressing, funny, and sometimes, something really wonderful happens.If you like gallows humor, you will have heaps of fun.Also, why is there no soundtrack on steam?"
76561198119290645,Recommended,304650,31737366,Posted: 13 May,all,Himiko,"Went to hell and back, and traded all 1000 of my echoes to get an unmarked crate of souls for a benefactor. Said crate of souls got confiscated by customs immediately after I returned to London. Benefactor proceeds to kill half my crew in anger and disappears into the night. The increasing number of ways this game continues to ♥♥♥♥ me over is absolutely remarkable. 10/10"
,Recommended,304650,32271799,Posted: 8 June,all,an1m051ty,"While I enjoyed Sunless Sea for its themes, visuals, story, and depth, I must admit I have to stop playing without getting too far. Rogue like games are always high-risk, high reward, but at the age of my life I can't continuously risk continuing from nothing or thereabouts, just to plod a long slowly getting nowhere. I also ran into a couple of bugs in relation to saving that I probably put on myself, in attempts to get better results in random events, and a run that was going very well I had to restrart. The speed of the ship.... just so, so slow. I understand as you progress you can upgrade the speed but damn, just double the speed everywhere and it would be more bareable.(I still reccommend this game to you, presuming your backlog of stuff isn't as bad as my own, or you have gobs of time. I'll probaby check out the space sequel when it comes out, just for the writing, music, and visuals. Hopefully the speed is more bareable)."
,Recommended,304650,32620538,Posted: 21 June,all,BasiukTV,"Great roguelike survival game in a steampunkish Lovecraftian setting. Be prepared to read quite a lot and dying a few times.After 10 hours or so you will get a handle of combat and general survival, after which you can spend as much time as you want on discovering secrets and lore of the world, that's pretty much it, and it's awesome :)"
76561198022788194,Recommended,304650,14403691,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hakke,"Sunless sea features one of the most fascinating game-worlds ever created.small snippets of text,simple but very effective visuals and gameplay, nice music and sounds - alltogether is a very pleasant and relaxing experience. relaxing but at the same time it keeps you at the edge of your seat.its mysterious,beautiful,terrifying and fun. it requires pacience and imagination.it can be frustrating if you let it. i think its supposed to be a  rogue-like but i recommend using the safe function.the fact that Fallen London is your only safe port is a double bladed thing gameplay-wise. it makes exploration more difficult and somewhat tedious because well- you have to travel back to fallen london all the time - but it also creates a big feeling of danger on longer journeys and makes ""coming home to fallen london"" a unique experience in any game.it is inspired in lovecraft and other literature - and even if imho it sometimes feels forced and overly omnious its sure unique and very enjoyable.oddly enough i did not like the fallen london online game so much.even with its witty writing i thought it was too grindy. maybe a fault that could be atributed to this game too - but minor.minimalistic and deep at the same timeedit : my innitial enthusiasm about this game got damped because of the game being  repetitive after a short while, combat is awkward  and all in all some elements just dont fit well together. the fact its a permadeath game  makes things worse- even if i really love the legacy system. the idea is good but in reality it doesnt work for me. its sad because the writing and imagination is so awesome- for me its sad that its hidden behind frustrating gameplay.i still recommend it for the positive aspects"
,Recommended,304650,34746903,Posted: 4 September,all,remembertheayylmao,"Let me say from the outset that if you are looking for a game with fantastic gameplay, don't buy this game. The game consists primarily of RNG and a fairly simple combat system. It can get pretty repetitive at times. It's notawful, but it's nothing to spend $20 on.Where this game really, really shines is in its storytelling. There is no linear story; instead, you explore the world of Fallen London of your own accord. Your travels teach you about the world through direct narrative, primarily. This game does a fantastic job of delivering this narrative. This game is like reading a haphazardly organized book, and I mean that in thebestestway possible."
,Recommended,304650,34791024,Posted: 7 September,all,Kanna Kamuro,"Tricky combination of rich stories and permadeath.To enjoy this world, you have to learn how to avoid death and lose wealth without choosing means.This sea has a lot of dark, fearful stories.At first, permadeath and hard game balance supports stories of this harsh world.But at later those things disturb to collect stories. Same work again!This game has legacies, a system that reduce this frustration.With legacies, next captain can take over all of money and gain great stats.All of these are important for explore all of this sea. But these have poor information.I feel this game become balanced by search online about legacies."
,Recommended,304650,34788823,Posted: 6 September,all,Tickle them Pickles,I liked this game
76561198199694117,Recommended,304650,34869514,Posted: 10 September,all,kohokami,"Unique, eerie exploration game.--The game is unbelievably frustating at first...you lose fuel and supplies so quickly, the tutorials are simplistic, given the complexity of the game.But after dying and restarting eight times, you eventually get the hang of it. Don't give up!--The only downside I can think of at the moment is that once you explored enough, it becomes repeatative."
76561198068109782,Recommended,304650,34823256,Posted: 8 September,all,Ciderian,"""Day after day, day after day,We stuck, nor breath nor motion;As idle as a painted shipUpon a painted ocean.Water, water, every where,And all the boards did shrink;Water, water, every where,Nor any drop to drink."""
,Recommended,304650,27512783,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ivan of Paridasino,One of my favourite gamesThe atmosphere and the lore is fantastic and the soundtrack is great just to hum along and to feel like a Zailor singing a pirate song. A must buy for me.
76561198088347868,Recommended,304650,34910174,Posted: 12 September,all,Vriska,"I thouroughly enjoyed this game. The universe, writing, music, and atmosphere are delightfully dark and Lovecraftian. The world is put together and developed so well. Each port that you can visit is unique enough to make them stand out on their own. And together, they make up the wonderful and nightmarish world of the Neath.This game shines through the writing. Although, the combat is usually more trouble than it's worth, and travelling (especially in the early stages of the game) can be slow.You are able to turn off perma-death, but if you choose not to, the game can get very repetitive. You will end up repeating a lot of the same story lines.The DLC, Zubmariner, is a great addition to an already great game. Going underwater is absolutely terrifying - I genuinely get acute anxiety from it. I can still hear the sound of these underwater-spider-things following me. They genuinely make my skin crawl.Also, I'd like to note that they have a gender neutral character option which is always welcome.I totally recommend this game for anyone looking for great stories in a gothic environment with slower gameplay."
,Recommended,304650,24884132,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Miss Frost,Pro's-Detailed gameplay-Beautiful Graphics-One of those games that just irks you when you die and makes you want to try over and over until you get it. Addictive-Easy to learn (hard to master)-Simple GameplayCon's-Easy to die-You can easily run out of supplies and fuel and not be able to replenish because you can't make enough money-You don't always know the outcome of what you are doing in ports so you can shut off money making ways easily and early in game.One of the best games I have played in a long time. I wish I would have known sooner that there are two ways to play. Both brutally where you die and it's horrible and you have to restart or you can actually save your progress. The only diffrence is you cannot get one achievment by saving in ports.BUY THIS. I tried it on its free to play a while back and waited till it came on sale and played it for an entire weekend straight. It's a good game that you can play for a short amount of time or spend many hours on. The gameplay is simple but it takes a while to understand the complexities of the game.I would definitly reccomend having the Sunless Sea Wiki up where you can easily access maps and where you can get emergency supplies and fuel. I didn't know the first few times that the map is randomly generated so it takes a bit of time to figure out where you will find certain areas on the map.ALSO the SUN is bad. It's an easy way to make money but you can die way to easily from it.
76561198420405183,Recommended,304650,34913518,Posted: 12 September,all,Brother_Gorgon,"If you love reading Lovecraft then you'll definitely love ""Sunless Sea"". Just know that it involves a lot of reading and quite a bit of trial and error. Though not a difficult game by heart, to those beginning players, know that you will die quite often. But if you can get over the grueling work at the start of your zeafaring journey then know the rest of your journey becomes much more easier and even more enjoyable. I definitely recommend this game!"
76561198025391248,Recommended,304650,34819721,Posted: 8 September,all,HugoPiglitz,Spooky sea survival story game. You will die.
76561198040161375,Recommended,304650,34898745,Posted: 12 September,all,sf0311,"Beautiful and haunting, weird and frustrating and elevating and enchanting. Sail out onto the dark, quiet seas - and pray that they stay quiet..."
76561197973603827,Recommended,304650,34894157,Posted: 11 September,all,s3procto,"Tough, but well written and enjoyable"
,Recommended,304650,33692711,Posted: 21 July,all,chud,way better than paying x amount of dollars a month for stories on fallen london. fun game
,Recommended,304650,33686005,Posted: 20 July,all,Yudoz,"You play it, you hate it, you stop.You come back, you play, you hate it, you stop.Yet you still come back, again and again."
76561198052405840,Recommended,304650,33703186,Posted: 21 July,all,Hooke,"Fans of Fallen London's creative, humorous and sometimes unnerving setting will find it Well represented (and, indeed, expanded upon) here. Intriguing stories, colourful characters and buckets of atmosphere. Definitely recommended."
76561198067101397,Recommended,304650,33698612,Posted: 21 July,all,Fenneca,"Incredible story telling game that should not be played by people looking for a generic exploration game  but an explorable novel with many things left to your interpertation or curiousity to find out with, exellect writing, controls and music."
76561198040653599,Recommended,304650,33743128,Posted: 23 July,all,Jeanette,"A good visual novel with survival elements, but tiring after a while. Sunless Sea is a very slow game. It's slow to start, slow to progress and a damned hard slog to get even close to completing. In fact, the only thing not slow is your fuel consumption, which you'll watch happily tick away as your hope fades. And make no mistake, this is a punishing game. You will die over and over and over again, often in the most mundane of ways. Just narrowly escaped a frigate? Too bad! You've run out of fuel in the process. And to see al, that hard work building up your captain only to lose it all is heartbreaking. Especially since it takes many hours to finally start to etch out a living.So why recommend the game? Because for those first 10 hours or so you'll feel like you're getting better. And it's a great feeling; exploring the map, making the right choices, fighting back against enemies. The game will give you your money's worth, that's for sure.But just remember that the Zee always wins. And it'll take you in the end. But by the time you realise how deep you are it'll be too late..."
76561198102402201,Recommended,304650,33735329,Posted: 22 July,all,PhotonTurtle,"This game is great for what it is. It will not appeal to everyone.If you can appreciate a rich-lovcraftian mythos, relish the idea of trading within the games economy, and have patience, then you will likely enjoy this game."
76561198079601173,Recommended,304650,33756775,Posted: 23 July,all,Joth,"This game is for people who:-enjoy storybased gameplay-don't mind a good amount of reading-are capable of applying lessons learned from game-ending mistakes to a new playthrough-can cope with losing hours and hours of hard work after dyingThe backstory for this game and the world-building are impeccable.  It doesn't outright tell you what is going on, rather you are thrown into a world and expected to surmise the rest based on context.  Though the gameplay is completely different, there is a bit of Dark Souls imbued into the heart and soul of this game.  The things left unsaid are what generate intrigue for the player.There is a learning curve to this game, it takes several failures to get a handle on what you should be doing, but I think after that point the game really opens up and becomes addictive.  Similar to Don't Starve, you can achieve a lot throughout the game, you can have many items and be able to cover all your needs effectively, but if you die you are dead and you aren't getting any of it back (for the most part).  This game has high potential for rage quitting.If you like Don't Starve, Darkest Dungeon, Dark Souls--any of the games that reward you for learning from your mistakes--check out Sunless Sea."
76561198063121518,Recommended,304650,33718537,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"I can appreciate this game is definitely for a niche audience, there's a lot of reading and the actual sailing can feel very long and drawn out, the story elements and the difficulty however feels very well made and set up, very clearl has a lot of work in it and the stories always are changing. don't get too upset about dying, its part of the game. if you're curious I could think of worse ways to spend your money and time for sure."
76561198030784086,Recommended,304650,33369560,Posted: 8 July,all,Frozztastic,"Pay no attention to the ""Time Played"" as it is not accurate. That's what happens when I buy games. I end up buying them a second time, just so I have them on my Steam account. -_-I easily have 100+ hours invested in this game.--------------------------------------------Following are the diary logs found on the deck of an abandoned ship:As I gaze out upon the empty Sea, I feel a tang of blight. Something pulls me away from the lights and safety of London and out towards empty void.I feel myself dragged, as though Storm were pulling me towards my fate, be it riches or death. I follow in the footsteps of my Father, like his Father before him. We sail, we seek. We shall not be content by the light of a hearth. We need the blackness of the Sea, lit only by lantern for but a few yards out before disappearing in to oblivion.With a heavy heart I gathered up a crew of odd fellows. We even found a cat! And off we set towards the nothing.Days pass. Our terror of what might lurk just below the surface is rising. One of the crew had disappeared while on watch, no one even heard a splash.Times began to get hard. We had to eat the cat. It was stringy and bland, but it sufficed.Lights! Lights appeared everywhere. What remained of the crew rejoiced! For the first time in a long while they felt hope, something to distract them from the bleak and bitter despair that clouded their days and haunted their nights.The lights were a trap. Three more men are gone. We are down to two now, myself and a mysterious chef who keeps eyeing me as though he were thinking something horrendous.I fought off an attack by the chef today. He came at me with a knife, a gleam of insanity in his eyes. He had been cursed. It was with great sadness and regret that I had to throw him overboard to appease the Gods. Now it is just me. All alone. All alone...no one else...Just me...Just me...A sound! I have been hiding a closet for days, hoping the nightmares would leave, but they stay. I find myself chasing shadows, jumping at sounds in the dark and worse. Food is beginning to run out. Perhaps the water will go first and the insanity will take me before the hunger.Today I had supper with the Queen! It was a grand event! She showed up, quite unexpectedly, with a nice fancy feast for the two of us. She told me that she would make sure that I make it to my home. Oh, to see her go was so sad....I may have finally gone insane. I can no longer trust my own senses. Today, I was certain I saw something beneath the water. It looked like the chef that I had sacrificed to Storm. He was following me. Mocking me. Waiting for me to die....Today I made friends with a Beetle. His name is Steve. I had to eat him. I think he may have been toxic. My eyes have not been the same since...Wait...There seems to be something floating just off the bow of the ship...I think I can reach...---------------------------------------------------------TL;DRGreat game. 10/10, love it.If you Lovecraftian tales of horror and suspense, this game is for you."
76561198045954788,Recommended,304650,34445518,Posted: 23 August,all,Tentacle_Pip,"Its a really odd experince, the atmosphere and the music is great. but something feel out of place, likes very hard to make progress but prehaps its the point. I still like it because the choices and story is great."
,Recommended,304650,34569237,Posted: 28 August,all,TheDarkness =HB=,Immersive story. Solid Music
76561198082370442,Recommended,304650,34614643,Posted: 30 August,all,Ethan Bradbury,"This is honestly one of my favorite games to exist. The creative setting and mystery to the entire thing just draws me in. Now, to be fair, this game won't be for everyone. It will be slow, and at some points it's ♥♥♥♥ing infuriating but if you can live with that, you will have a great time."
,Recommended,304650,34339634,Posted: 18 August,all,"iKonic, the Bamboozler","Great innovative game, fresh and not a usual genre. It's deep, mysterious and lovecraftian.Almost everything you do has consequences, and the soundtrack and atmosphere can really make you feel fear, specially when you venture into the unknown.Storytelling and writing is beautiful."
76561198070845681,Recommended,304650,34380623,Posted: 20 August,all,Agentmon,"One of the intense and stressful games I have ever played, I've enjoyed being always terrified of dying way more than a sane person should. The thing about living in the sunless sea, though, is that everyone is a bit insane. Possibly my favorite game I've ever played."
,Recommended,304650,34385027,Posted: 20 August,all,Kinther,I have only played this for a few hours... but already I can see myself putting 200 or more into it.  A STEAL at the current price in terms of hours played/price.
76561198097873284,Recommended,304650,34321886,Posted: 17 August,all,Speaking Waters,Every night my whole body aches with the guilt of my greatest sins that I have not taken steps to correct.Not writing a review to help support this game is one of them.
,Recommended,304650,27379931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheMikeste1,This game is beautiful.. It will take lifetimes to discover all the secrets it holds. Literally.
,Recommended,304650,34636118,Posted: 31 August,all,Sundance Reeves,very cool game but tbh i really suck at it
,Recommended,304650,34664073,Posted: 1 September,all,kizzh,"I have only been playing SS for just under 6  hours despite it siiting in my library for a long time along wih the rest of my pile of shame (I blame Stam Sales obviously!)Not sure why, having played 30 min or so I shelved this game, because now that I have sunk my teeth into it I am truly immersed in this ""Lovecraftian"" rogue like game and her world,There is a lot to love in this strange place, especially in the writing  The urge to push your steam powered boat that little bit further is rampant, in the hope of discovering a new island to dock at, all the while stressing about your dwindling fuel and food supplies, or an equally stressfull encounter with pirate's or terrors of the deep.I do have a complaint regarding the difficulty. I get that a good rogue game should be a challenge but at times the game feels unbalanced. I would have liked both an easier mode (story mode if you will) along with an equally punishng mode to offset.I have been reminded of the 1980's game The Seven Cities of Gold which I played on my trusty C64 and also at times, the more contemporary FTL  Having said that it's strange mix of Rougelike/RPG/Text Adventure feels firmly unique.I won't add anything about the gameplay mechanics, partly because it's all been said before and partly because I am still in learning mode.I am certianly glad I revisted this little dark and mysterious gem an I will certianly been ""sinking"" many more hours into itt.  Well either that or more likely just sinking.......over and over again!"
,Recommended,304650,29652184,Posted: 2 February,all,Gunznbuttaz,"Sunless Sea can be a bit repetative, as in a grindfest, but the writing is the best in all of gaming and really makes this game shine. The new zubmariner dlc is also very cool and adds new mechanics as well as much more content to an already magnificient game. I would absolutley recommend picking this up as long as you are prepared to put the time into it that it takes to really get enough back for it to become a worthwhile experience which it will. I'm also looking forward to Sunless Skies which is the next chapter in the Fallen London games and should be available on Kickstarter soon if not already."
76561198032859401,Recommended,304650,34685366,Posted: 2 September,all,FuriousFool,"The game doesn't exactly hold your hand at the beginning, so it's pretty easy to get lost (both literally and figuratively) and die for the first few times. Careful management of your resources and foreplanning are prerequisites to simply survive.That said, once you get the hang of things, this game is an extremely well written piece of interactive fiction. The resolution of the different quests requires more than one playthrough and each playthrough feels different, everytime.So, if you are into immersive lore, interactive fiction and exploration mixed together in some subtle, surreal horror - give this game a try!"
,Recommended,304650,34924115,Posted: 13 September,all,Hetnaiboi,"Great, challenging and ragequit after while. Trully recomended"
,Recommended,304650,34958048,Posted: 14 September,all,matthewbakeriv,If you love lovecraftian horror then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,304650,34978936,Posted: 15 September,all,twitchblues,"A great experience, though elements of the game may prove frustrating. Amazing atmosphere and a throughly enjoyable re-interruptation of Lovecraftian themes, but the 'game' portion of things can feel a little lacking at times."
76561198052969473,Recommended,304650,34977417,Posted: 15 September,all,Salty Botterino,"It is an interactive game of lifes and deaths beyond simple words like gothic, exothic and revolution."
76561197993332388,Recommended,304650,35036018,Posted: 17 September,all,Malice,"Fun, but really...unusual, and that's what makes this game so unique. Great soundtrack, interesting gameplay, atmospheric and moody envirionments. Loved playing this to some of my own zone-out tracks. Recommend purchasing on sale as this game's definitely not for everyone. Very unforgiving and takes a bit of patience before learning what the hell you're supposed to do and how to do it. I actually installed some mods to make for an easier, more accessible experience, which I highly recommend."
76561198005895658,Recommended,304650,35075828,Posted: 19 September,all,Quiet vivant,"Amazing, relaxing, stressing, interesting, low system requirements. Top of my list and highly replayable."
,Recommended,304650,35291157,Posted: 29 September,all,Phraxus,"LOVE this game. Atmosphere, story, cannibalism, the lot!"
76561198072633904,Recommended,304650,35232645,Posted: 26 September,all,lawrence,"'Twas a dark and stormy steampunk London, and lo there were ships sailing the underground seas.Very cool setup, but a little difficult to play. Most of the action is done through text, and the storyline and puzzles remain the same for each playthrough. Some outcomes are randomized, but most major events are pretty well established. The most random thing is combat and at-sea encounters, which can decide whether your captain lives or dies.In short, it's a lot of memorization to play well, but it looks cool, so it's almost worth it anyway."
76561198083680204,Recommended,304650,35398584,Posted: 1 October,all,joseph_esqueda,Bloody Marvlous....High Recommendation.Take to the seas and die repeatly.
